Smith blatantly shoves Cancelo in the face to stop the City full-back from getting past him. It's an obvious yellow card offence.,2
Mepham's booked for halting Grealish's dribble. City now have a free-kick in a central position, too far out to shoot from.,2
GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 AFC BOURNEMOUTH! It's been coming. Gundogan pulls off a cute backheel flick with his back to goal to lay the ball off to Haaland. The big Norwegian returns the favour to find Gundogan's dart into the box, and the German slots easily past Travers.,1
Stacey's booked for his early indiscretion. The Bournemouth left wing-back will have to watch himself now.,2
Gayle replaces Saint-Maximin for the home side. Newcastle will be hopeful that the Frenchman has not suffered a serious injury.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CAVANI BUNDLES HOME AN EQUALISER!!!!! 1-1!!!! United are back in the game with a huge slice of luck as Cavani scuffs an effort home. Dalot surges down the right flank and picks out the forward with a fine cutback. Cavani shoots, but sees his first effort blocked by a crowd of defenders. He attempts a second effort that he miscues, but it deflects off Lascelles' boot and trickles into the bottom-right corner.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SAINT-MAXIMIN FIRES NEWCASTLE AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! The Frenchman latches on to an offload from Longstaff before placing an effort away from De Gea into the top-right corner. Varane is the guilty party for the visitors as he loses possession in his own half. Longstaff pounces on the error and offloads to Saint-Maximin in space. He surges into the box before steering his strike into the back of the net.,1
Rajkovic is booked for time-wasting as he dwells over his goal-kick. He'll be happy to take that booking if it contributes to a famous win for Reims.,2
Donis, who has worked incredibly hard and really tested the PSG defence, is given an early rest as Oudin replaces him.,0
Kurzawa now departs for Marquinhos, meaning Bernat will go to left-back and Paredes will push forward as the Brazilian takes his place in front of the back four.,0
Mbe Soh, a natural centre-back, is replaced by right-back Meunier, who offers more in terms of attacking threat.,0
Bernat goes sliding in and pulls out of the challenge at the last minute, but it's still reckless and he earns himself a yellow card.,2
Tuchel is finally able to make his change, with Choupo-Moting replaced by Di María, who goes up front in an unfamiliar role.,0
Donis feels he won the ball as he challenged Bernat, but the referee disagrees and brandishes a yellow card.,2
GOAL!! REIMS ARE IN FRONT! Kamara rises highest from Munetsi's corner and heads firmly at goal. Navas gets a hand to it but it isn't strong enough to push the ball out! Reims lead 1-0 in Paris!,1
GOOOOAAALLL! Those substitutions have worked a dream for Brentford and they're 2-0 up! It's not massively pretty, but it'll do as Schade spins the ball into Onyeka's path and he drives it home past Grbic!,1
Some more changes for Brentford as they look to wind down the clock. Mbeumo comes off for defender Schade.,0
First changes for Brentford. Damsgaard, who has an assist and should also have a goal to his name, is replaced by Yarmolyuk.,0
First substituton of the game, and it's an attacking one by Wilder. Larouci, who has been pretty industrious, is replaced by McAtee.,0
GOALLLLL! ASENSIO SCORES! 2-0 MADRID! Madrid find the back of the net again to extend their advantage. Valverde drives through the heart of the midfield before playing the ball down the right side of the box with Asensio getting forward. The winger then opens up his body and curls a low effort into the bottom corner.,1
GOALLLL! NACHO SCORES! 1-0 MADRID! Benzema and Rodrygo have been Madrid's biggest threats, but it is Nacho who breaks the deadlock. Tchouameni plays a short pass across to the defender outside the box with the ball bouncing in front of him. Taking a look at the goal, he powers his strike into the bottom corner.,1
Cadiz have decided to bring on three new players to add some energy into their side. Guardiola is off with Alejo on in his place.,0
Alcaraz gets the first yellow card of the game. He thought he had done well to turn past Ceballos, but the former Arsenal man went down holding his face with the referee giving a free-kick to Madrid just outside the box.,2
GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Against the run of play, the Rojiblancos are on top! It is Barrios who strikes after a well-worked passage, his ranged effort taking an almighty deflection off Kamada to wrong-foot Provedel!,1
Griezmann is the first player into the book now, after he fouls Zaccagni following Atletico’s attempts to clear the corner. He’ll have to be careful from here on out.,2
For raising his studs in a challenge with Militao on the edge of the box, Cheryshev finds himself booked.,2
VALENCIA GET ONE BACK! Guedes misses from the spot, but is first to react when Courtois makes the save low down to his right and prods home the visitors' first goal of the game. It's all too late for Valencia, though that offers some small consolation.,1
Another productive day for Modric ends early, allowing Ceballos the chance to shine for 20 minutes or so.,0
The removal of Costa is the third change made by Bordalas, and Andre is brought on in his place for the final quarter of the game.,0
THREE FOR MADRID! Suddenly, the hosts look like they can score every time they go forward, and Vinicius taps in his second goal from close range after Cillessen can only parry Asensio's right-sided shot into his path. That was as simple as it gets - surely that's game over now!,1
Valencia are again caught on the break, and this time Musah takes a booking for a desperate lunge on Casemiro, who was striding through the centre of the pitch.,2
MADRID DOUBLE UP! With typical directness and a small slice of fortune, Vinicius extends the hosts' lead. Combining with Benzema on the edge of the box, he then dances through some slack Valencia challenges to force his way through and slot the ball home from no more than 10 yards. 2-0 to Madrid, and they are in complete control!,1
Vinicius tries to escape on the break, but Piccini decides to halt his run by the halfway line and hauls the Brazilian back. That's a yellow card for the Valencia defender.,2
REAL MADRID LEAD! Befitting a man at the top of his game, Benzema steps up and strikes a right-footed penalty into the top corner, with power and precision in equal measure. 1-0 to Madrid!,1
A rugged challenge on Gaya, who is attempting to clear the ball down the left, sees Militao receive a yellow card from the referee.,2
Cavani's frustrations boil over and he says one word too many for the liking of the referee, who shows him a yellow card.,2
Rennes make their second change with Bourigeaud making way for James Lea Siliki, who spent time in PSG's academy as a youngster.,0
A first change for Rennes. Del Castillo, who is the match winner as things stand, makes way for Theoson Siebatcheu.,0
PSG's frustration is evident as Meunier is cautioned following a deliberate foul to stop Maouassa in his tracks.,2
WHAT A START TO THE SECOND HALF!!! RENNES LEAD 2-1! The hosts have turned things around! Following a neat build-up, Camavinga brilliantly dinks the ball into the area, where Del Castillo arrives to guide past Areola.,1
WHAT A TIME TO EQUALISE!!! NIANG MAKES IT 1-1! The former AC Milan forward controls Traore's whipped-in cross and, with time to turn, swivels before sweeping the ball into the far corner.,1
Draxler is shown the first yellow card of the game after tripping Morel as he looked to recover from taking a poor touch.,2
1-0 PSG!!! WHAT A GIFT FOR CAVANI! Rennes are victims of their own downfall as Da Silva plays a stray pass across the face of his own penalty area. Cavani reacts quickly to beat Salin to the ball and tuck away the opening goal of the game.,1
Ederson's booked for taking his sweet time over a goal-kick. City protest, but they know what they're doing.,2
Alvarez heads off too. His goal could win this game for City at the moment. On comes Silva in his stead.,0
Fulham make their second injury-related change of the match. Cairney replaces Pereira, who's carried off but looks conscious at least. A speedy recovery to him.,0
GOAL! FULHAM 1-2 MANCHESTER CITY! Alvarez restores City's lead with a wonderful goal! The Argentine receives Mahrez's pass, swivels past a challenge and sends a swerving strike into the top-left corner from the right of the D.,1
GOAL! FULHAM 1-1 MANCHESTER CITY! Vinicius draws Fulham level quickly! Wilson nods Ream's long ball down to the Brazilian, who lashes it past Ederson on the volley! It's a fantastic finish.,1
GOAL! FULHAM 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY! Haaland steps up and smashes the penalty low into the bottom-right corner. Leno has no chance of saving it. What a monstrously good striker the Norwegian is.,1
GOAL! IT'S 3-2!! The corner finds Ogbonna unmarked in the middle and he steers a left-footed effort into the bottom-left corner! There probably isn't time for a dramatic, late equaliser, though.,1
Alli does not look pleased as his number goes up on the board. He trudges off angrily to be replaced by Eriksen.,0
Davies lunges in on Antonio and picks up a yellow card after an excellent run from the West Ham substitute. The free-kick is in a promising position.,2
Yarmolenko is hooked in Pellegrini's second change, with Fornals replacing him. The summer signing takes his place behind Haller, while Antonio moves out to the right wing as the Hammers revert to the 4-2-3-1 they started with.,0
GOAL! IT'S 3-0 TO SPURS! Kane makes up for Lucas' error, heading emphatically home from Aurier's right-wing cross. That should be that.,1
Fredericks slides in very rashly on the goalscorer, Son, and picks up a deserved yellow card. The winger is down and looks to be in some pain.,2
Diop looks incredulous as he's booked for handball, but despite his and Fredericks' protests, the booking stands.,2
Meanwhile, Aubameyang takes Sterling's place on the pitch. Chelsea have lacked a proper target man here.,0
GOAL! TOTTENHAM 2-0 CHELSEA! It looks too late for Chelsea now! Son swings the corner into the middle. Dier flicks it on to Kane at the far post who steers it past Kepa!,1
Tottenham make a change. Son comes on for Kulusevski. The South Korean will get the chance to add to his four goals from two substitute appearances this season.,0
GOAL! TOTTENHAM 1-0 CHELSEA! Spurs get off to a flying start to the half! Kepa saves Emerson's low shot from the right of the box. The ball comes out to Skipp, who leathers it into the net off the crossbar!,1
NO RED CARD FOR ZIYECH! On second viewing, Ziyech did shove a Tottenham player in the fracas but it's not enough for a red card offence. The referee downgrades it to a yellow to boos from the home fans. What a farce.,2
Looking to hold onto the victory, Koeman makes a defensive change, sending Lenglet on for Griezmann. ,0
BARCELONA RETAKE THE LEAD! It’s as simple a finish as Griezmann can hope for - meeting Mingueza’s pass across the six-yard box with a powerful first-time shot! Simon had no chance to block the shot as the Blaugrana get themselves ahead!,1
It’s two swaps at once for the visitors, who also take Vencedor off the pitch, with Vesga on in his place.,0
Alba’s match goes from bad to worse as he’s shown a yellow card after confirmation of the goal; booked for his aggressive posture towards the referee.,2
Just a minute after the restart, De Jong is booked for tugging Martinez back during the centre-back’s foray forward.,2
Bayern use their last change of the game to bring on another youth product, the 16-year-old midfielder Wanner. Off comes Coman.,0
GOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 2-0 INTER! Choupo-Moting blasts Bayern into a two-goal lead, receiving a pass from Davies to find the top left corner from distance. Onana wasn't keeping that one out.,1
The ineffectual Martinez is the last Inter player to go off for now. He must regret his first-half miss. Dzeko replaces him.,0
Sabitzer's shown the game's first yellow card for a late tackle on Darmian. He'll miss Bayern's next match in the round of 16.,2
Solari can now afford to take off Vinicius, who has a goal and an assist to his name today. Fernandez, vice-captain of the Castilla side, comes on for the final 11 minutes.,0
GOOOALLL!! Madrid 5-0 Melilla! Here is the goal that Vinicius has been desperate for. The Brazilian teen weaves past a couple of opposition players and fires past Moreno at the second attempt after his initial shot is saved. ,1
Romero is introduced for the visitors in place of Ruano, providing Melilla with some fresh legs in midfield.,0
Solari makes a change at the break by taking off Carvajal and bringing on another of his youngsters in Garcia.,0
Mizzian, who came closer to scoring for Melilla than any other player in the first half, is replaced by Otegui at the start of the second half.,0
GOOOOALLLL!! Madrid 3-0 Melilla! This could get rather embarrassing for the third-tier side - they now trail by three goals on the day and seven goals on aggregate. Asensio floats the ball into the box and young defender Sanchez - making his debut at the Santiago Bernabeu - turns it past Moreno with a first-time finish off the underside crossbar.,1
GOOOOALLL!! Madrid 2-0 Melilla! Just like that, the hosts have themselves a second goal. An unmarked Asensio doubles his tally by firing home from 10 yards, but this was all about the work of Vinicius out wide.,1
GOOOALLL!! Madrid 1-0 Melilla! Poor defending from the visitors, as Asensio is given 40 yards of space to run into before slotting the ball past Moreno. That goal came moments after Mariano skied a shot from a similar range when teed up by Isco.,1
GOOOOAL! Kodro makes it 2-0 to Athletic! Gomez slid a nicely weighted ball into Kodro's path as he ran into the box and his low effort deflected off Gimenez and looped over Oblak. Another of Garitano's substitutes makes an instant impact. Incredible!,1
Alvarez is booked for holding back Costa and Atletico now have a free-kick in a dangerous position on the right.,2
GOOOAL! Williams makes it 1-0 to Athletic! Gimenez concedes possession deep in the Atletico half which allows Cordoba to pick it up on the left-hand side of the box before drilling an effort towards the back post. Williams was waiting behind the Atletico defenders to tap it home with ease.,1
Raul Garcia picks up the first booking of the match for tugging back Koke as he looked to break forward.,2
Maguire, who has offered a few choice words to the referee, is cautioned in the closing stages for dissent.,2
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLL! COPENHAGEN HIT THE FRONT FOR THE FIRST TIME! It is dreamland for teenager Bardghji, who sends the hosts 4-3 up with his first Champions League goal. Maguire and Varane fail to play out from the back, with Sorensen crossing towards the near post. The United centre-back pair manage to head clear as far as 17-year-old Bardghji, who smashes a left-footed half-volley down into the ground and past Onana. Parken erupts and Neestrup’s side are on the brink of a memorable victory!,1
Back on level terms, Ten Hag perhaps signals his defensive intent now. Mount is on for two-goal Hojlund.,0
COPENHAGEN EQUALISE AGAIN! What a game. Neestrup’s hosts make it 3-3 as United fall apart at the back. The first corner delivery is cleared but Falk recycles possession, eventually curling a right-footed cross towards the back post. Dalot is caught napping as Lerager comes from behind to finish with a right-footed volley past Onana.,1
Larsson, who missed the late penalty against United on matchday three, comes on for Achouri. Can the substitute make amends here?,0
Perhaps fortunate to still be on the pitch after what could have been a second bookable offence earlier, Vavro comes off for Boilesen.,0
Scorer of the first-half equaliser, Goncalves makes away for Oskarsson. Neestrup needs his side to respond and sends on a double change.,0
GOOOOOOOALLLLLL! UNITED ARE BACK IN FRONT! Fernandes hovers over the spot-kick before curling a right-footed strike emphatically into the top-left corner. Grabara has no chance as he dives to his left and the Red Devils captain delivers once again in Ten Hag’s time of need. 3-2 to the visitors!,1
Elyounoussi has two goals in four Champions League games for Copenhagen, as many as he scored in 11 appearances in the competition for Basel beforehand. He makes way for 17-year-old Bardghji.,0
Ten Hag wastes no time at the break. Amrabat comes on at half-time for Eriksen, with United needing more legs to cover the midfield now they are down to 10.,0
Hojlund helps get United up the pitch with a smart piece of work, spinning and twisting before Vavro bundles the forward over. The Copenhagen centre-back goes into the referee's book.,2
COPENHAGEN ARE BACK ON LEVEL TERMS! Despite falling two goals down after just 28 minutes, the hosts restore parity to make it 2-2 just before half-time. Goncalves takes an age over his spot-kick, eventually stepping up and stroking a right-footed effort into the bottom-left corner. Onana dives the wrong way and the decibel levels inside Parken have just gone up once more! An unbelievable first half.,1
GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! COPENHAGEN PULL ONE BACK! Parken erupts into a wall of deafening noise just three minutes after Rashford’s dismissal. Ankersen crosses towards the far post, where Goncalves pulls a volleyed pass back. Elyounoussi is on hand to sweep a first-time left-footed finish past Onana. United’s lead is cut to 2-1. Game on!,1
RASHFORD IS OFF! The United forward is shown a straight red card after felling Jelert when aiming to protect the ball. The England winger seemed to catch his opposite man in the head with a loose arm, as well as a high boot down the back of the full-back’s calf. The latter of those challenges is what the referee deemed worthy of a dismissal.,3
ANOTHER GOAL FOR HOJLUND AND UNITED DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Back in Copenhagen and the Red Devils forward is enjoying himself at his former employers. Fernandes springs a counter-attack, gliding over the halfway line before offloading to his left. Garnacho powers into the area before driving a left-footed strike towards the bottom-right corner. Grabara saves with a stretching stop but can only parry into the path of Hojlund, who has another simple finish to make it 2-0!,1
Evans’ game is over. The centre-back pulled up when nowhere near the ball, seemingly aggravating a muscular issue. Ten Hag calls upon four-time Champions League winner and former Real Madrid defender Varane. A decent option off the bench for United.,0
GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! HOJLUND AGAINST HIS FORMER CLUB! Ten Hag could not have asked for a better opening as the Red Devils surge into a 1-0 lead. Rashford makes space on the right-hand side to find Wan-Bissaka, who turns inside for McTominay. The Scotland midfielder takes his time, driving to the byline before playing across the six-yard area for Hojlund to tap into an unguarded net. The Denmark forward came through the youth system in Copenhagen, but comes back to haunt them with his fourth goal in as many Champions League games!,1
Doherty is sent on for Hugo Bueno at left wing-back, as the fourth official signals we will have THREE minutes of stoppage time. Can Wolves hang on?,0
Wolves are making a defensive change now, with O'Neil sending on ball-winning midfielder Traore in place of Cunha, who has gotten through plenty of off-the-ball work and assisted Hwang's goal.,0
Kilman is furious as Amdouni dives over his leg as he pulls out of a challenge, yet the referee books the Wolves captain and awards Burnley a free-kick 25 yards from goal, as we enter the final 10 minutes of the 90.,2
Ekdal gets the most deserved yellow card you will ever see as Cunha nudges the ball past him on halfway, throwing his arms around the Brazilian's torso to stop the Wolves break.,2
Taylor is the next man into the book for dragging Lemina back on the Wolves right. That's three Burnley players on cautions.,2
Wolves aren't happy as Lemina goes into the book for a foul on Berge. The Wolves man simply stepped cross his opponent and won the ball cleanly. He can't believe he's been booked as Burnley get a free-kick around 30 yards out.,2
Berge receives the second yellow card of the game, and he's in disbelief as Hugo Bueno goes down under a light challenge near the corner of Burnley's box. This is a dangerous free-kick for the Clarets to defend…,2
GOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLL! HWANG PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! Burnley are architects of their own downfall in a huge way! O'Shea receives a pass out from Trafford, but his next ball into Berge is too heavy and the midfielder takes a loose touch. Sarabia pounces to flick it into Cunha, who plays it right to Hwang, and the South Korean sits his man down with a lovely stutter before stroking into the bottom-left corner. Wolves lead 1-0!,1
This is a major blow for Burnley. Koleosho is feeling his lower leg again and he won't be able to continue. Gudmundsson replaces him on the Clarets' left.,0
We have a booking inside 90 seconds here as Kilman charges out of the Wolves backline to carry the ball through the lines. Brownhill lunges in to bring him down, and the Burnley skipper is walking a tightrope already.,2
GOAL! Carrasco draws Atletico level and makes it 1-1. The Belgian received the ball at the edge off the box and unleashed a low, driven, first-time finish that flew into the bottom left corner of the net. A superb, decisive strike.,1
GOAL! Diaby scores to put Leverkusen 1-0 ahead. He received the pass well inside the box, adjusted his body and finished coolly past Oblak.,1
Allegri soaks up a few more seconds and introduces some energy to his tiring team, as Iling-Junior replaces Kostic for the closing stages.,0
Verde has been lively again today, but he now makes way for fresh legs up front: Milan loanee Maldini comes on.,0
JUVE LEAD 2-0! A touch of class from Di Maria snatches an unmerited second for the visitors, as he takes in Danilo's pass and sizes up the bottom corner before slotting the ball past Marchetti. Such a cool finish, and Spezia's efforts are apparently all for nothing!,1
His crucial goal aside, Kean has been fairly ineffective today, so Di Maria is introduced by Allegri for the final half-hour.,0
Two members of Juve's midfield are on bookings now, as half-time substitute Fagioli is shown yellow for a clear shirt-pull on Reca.,2
JUVENTUS LEAD! Meeting an outswinging cross from the left by Kostic, an alert Kean capitalises on Ampadu's unbalanced defending to sweep the ball low past Marchetti, whose first significant act since coming off the bench is to pick the ball out of the net! Out of nothing, really, Juve lead 1-0!,1
Despite his attempts to continue, Dragowski can't carry on with an apparent hip injury; the experienced Marchetti will be his replacement.,0
When Rabiot tries to break clear on the counter, Agudelo opts to crudely block his path, and that's a yellow card for the Colombian midfielder.,2
The referee lays down the law straight away, and despite Locatelli's pleas for leniency the Juve midfielder is booked for a foul on Bourabia in midfield.,2
Arteta makes a late change as they look to see out the game, with Kiwior coming on to replace Partey.,0
Ten Hag makes an alteration in defence, with Evans making way. Kambwala is the player to replace him.,0
GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The ball is played over the top to Havertz, and he's in acres of space with Casemiro keeping him onside. He looks to take on Evans and shifts it onto his right before drilling a low cross into the danger zone, and Trossard arrives to fire into an empty net! United's defensive line was exposed by the Gunners.,1
WHAT A GOAL JOSHUA KIMMICH!! Martinez feeds the midfielder who turns with his first touch before unleashing a volley into the bottom corner. Unstoppable. 2-1!,1
GOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! BAYERN LEAD 1-0! Tolissa feeds Pavard on the right whose first-time delivery on the volley is pinpoint. Goretzka is on the end of it to power the ball past Guilherme at the near post. 1-0!,1
Milan are making a triple change following that goal. Saelemaekers is the first to go off, with Messias replacing him.,0
POBEGA SCORES! When Milan can't find a way down their right, they switch it to the left, with Pobega sliding it into the box for Hernandez. Pobega continues his run and gets it back from the defender, firing his first-time shot over Livakovic and in off the bottom of the bar. 3-1 Milan!,1
Orsic goes down and at first, it looks like he was tripped on the edge of the box by Bennacer, but replays show there was no contact. The referee was going to let it go, but now books him for diving.,2
ORSIC PULLS ONE BACK! He isn't closed down when he has the ball and he plays a one-two with Petkovic, getting the return pass just inside the box. He hits the shot first time, curling it around Calabria and into the far bottom corner, out of Maignan's reach. 2-1!,1
SAELEMAEKERS SCORES! It's the best possible start to the second half for Milan! Leao gets away from Ristovski down the left and clips a wonderful cross into the middle. Saelemaekers run onto it and thumps his header over Livakovic and into the back of the net. 2-0 Milan!,1
Olivera kicks the ball away after committing a foul and picks up a cheap booking which means he'll miss their final game.,2
After another couple of minutes of Barcelona keeping possession, Depay sat down, forcing them to put it out. He can now go off, with De Jong coming on for him.,0
The referee has just gone back to Busquets, who caught Alena on the back of his heel with his studs, and shown him a yellow card for the challenge.,2
A cynical foul from Malinovskiy on Kalulu sees the Atalanta substitute shown a yellow card - which sees him suspended for La Dea's final game of the year.,2
A SUBLIME GOAL FROM HERNANDEZ GIVES MILAN THE INSURANCE THEY NEEDED! 2-0! It’s an outstanding solo effort from Hernandez; a simply breathtaking run that saw him drive from well inside his own penalty area, slaloming through the midfield before taking it wide inside the opposition’s penalty area to work an angle for a shot. Musso comes off his line to try and block the full-back but it’s too late as the France international coolly tucks a shot into the far corner!,1
MILAN FIND THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Pessina loses possession of the ball to Kalulu on the edge of Milan’s penalty area, which sparks a furious Rossoneri counter-attack. It’s lobbed over the top of the defence by Messias for Leao, who beats his man for pace before tucking the ball in between the legs of Musso!,1
Unable to hold his tongue, Giroud is shown a yellow card for dissent in the aftermath of the unawarded penalty.,2
RED CARD! Neymar is sent off in stoppage time for a second bookable offence. He slides in late and hard on Adli and is given a yellow card then a red after previously being fouled himself by Sabaly. He only has himself to blame after being booked in the first half for dissent. Neymar does not help his cause in the future by sarcastically clapping the officials as he makes his way off the pitch.,3
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PARDO KEEPS THE GAME ALIVE!!!!! 4-3!!!! Bordeaux are back in the contest as Pardo scores a stunner from the edge of the box. De Preville's cross is cleared as far as the midfielder. He hammer	s a strike towards goal and it finds the top-right corner. Game on.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MBAPPE CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 4-2 PSG!!!!! Bordeaux are the architects of their own downfall as Mbappe puts the home side two goals ahead. Otavio loses possession on the edge of his own box and Mbappe takes possession. He plays a neat one-two with Cavani to open up the visitors' defence before slotting a strike into an empty net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MARQUINHOS NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 3-2 PSG!!!! Tuchel's men regain the lead as Marquinhos displays predatory instincts to stab home a strike from close range. Bordeaux fail to clear their lines from a corner and Mbappe collects the second cross on the left flank. He plays a firm delivery across the face of goal. Cavani connects but sees his header saved by Costil. However, Marquinhos is there to convert on the rebound.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PABLO CHARGES DOWN RICO'S KICK TO EQUALISE!!! 2-2!!!! Bordeaux level the scores before the interval. A header from Kimpembe travels to Mbappe and he rolls a pass back to Rico. The keeper goes to boot the ball down field on his left foot, but Pablo follows up to apply pressure. The PSG keeper boots it off the defender and the ball flies into the back of the net. The visitors are level in incredible fashion.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MARQUINHOS FINDS THE NET!!! 2-1 PSG!!! The home side take the lead on the stroke of half time through the Brazilian. Di Maria bends a dangerous ball into the box from the left flank and the defender gets ahead of his marker. The ball strikes Marquinhos on the shoulder to travel past Costil into the back of the net. A VAR check confirms the goal.,1
Kwateng deliberately handles the ball to stop Bernat's ball forward from reaching Mbappe. He goes into the book and PSG have a free-kick in a decent position.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CAVANI SCORES THIS TIME!!! 1-1!!! The Urugayan nods home to get PSG back on level term. It's almost a carbon-copy of his previous attempt. Di Maria curls a cross in from the right flank and Cavani makes a move to find space six yards out. He meets the ball flush and sends it away from Costil into the top-right corner.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HWANG HEADS BORDEAUX IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead from a corner as Hwang meets Basic's delivery to nod his effort past Rico. The midfielder swings his cross into the middle where the forward evades the attention of Kehrer. He directs his effort away from Rico into the left side of the net. A precise header from Hwang.,1
Thiago Silva makes way for Gueye. It's a huge blow for the home side. Marquinhos drop back into the defence.,0
Doucoure concedes a foul, which he is cautioned for, and United have a free-kick in a good position just outside the box.,2
Larouci will have to be replaced and Thomas comes on to make his debut after signing from Leicester City.,0
GOAL! Danjuma equalises for Everton! They fly forward and Beto slips a ball to Patterson, who delivers a pinpoint cross towards the back post for Danjuma to finish excellently.,1
GOAL! ARCHER! United are level! Hamer works hard down the right to produce a cross and find McBurnie in the box. He lays the ball off for Archer to slam home! A brilliantly worked goal.,1
GOAL! Everton finally have a Premier League goal and it comes courtesy of Doucoure from the corner! Foderingham does wonderfully to get down to his right and save a header that had deflected off Doucoure's knee, but the midfielder was in the right place to poke the rebound in. Everton lead!,1
Branthwaite is booked for a strong challenge on Hamer, who was making a dangerous run down the right wing. United have a free-kick in a good position.,2
Darder slides in and chops Diaz down from behind as he leads a breakaway, earning himself a yellow card. That was a very poor tackle.,2
RED CARD! Mendy leaves his studs on Gomez's ankle clumsily and is shown a second yellow card! He's off and Madrid are down to 10 men!,3
GOAL!! Real Madrid double their lead! Valverde is played through on the right and works a yard cleverly before crossing into Benzema, who fires home from the edge of the six-yard box! It's 2-0 to Madrid!,1
Granero is the next man to leave the pitch as Lozano takes his place to provide fresh legs for Espanyol.,0
Zidane makes his first change, swapping one experienced midfielder for another as Kroos makes way for Modric.,0
Mendy goes in with a very clumsy challenge on Gomez, missing the ball completely and taking the wide-man's legs out. A clear yellow card offence.,2
GOAL! Real Madrid take the lead! Varane, of all people, is played through on the left side of the box after a corner is cleared and the centre-half guides a confident effort into the bottom-right corner on his weaker left foot! It's 1-0 to Madrid!,1
Vinicius runs through on goal down the left side of the box and Diego Lopez comes out to claim the ball ahead of the Brazilian, sending him and an Espanyol defender tumbling to the turf. The referee deems the young winger guilty of a foul on the goalkeeper, and books him. That seems a harsh decision.,2
Granero, one of Espanyol's former Real Madrid players, is booked for a late challenge on Kroos, catching the top of the German's foot with his studs.,2
Soaking up warm applause from the home fans, Calvert-Lewin departs, as ex-Udinese striker Beto comes on for the closing stages.,0
After putting in a good shift in midfield, Harrison is withdrawn and Patterson comes on to replace him.,0
3-0 EVERTON! Surely that seals it! A cross is stood up by McNeil from the right, then Harrison's close-range header is blocked on the goal line by Kerkez. The ball then rebounds back off Harrison, and Doucoure lashes it home from five yards!,1
Making one change at half-time, Bournemouth respond to their first half display by replacing Christie with Rothwell in central midfield.,0
WHAT A HIT FROM HARRISON! Everton lead 2-0! After Neto makes a second punch clear under pressure, the ball drops into the path of Harrison, waiting just outside the area. He takes aim and places a perfectly-struck shot into the net via the bottom of the crossbar! It's a composed finish that gives his side a precious two-goal advantage!,1
EVERTON LEAD! After knocking lightly at the door twice, Everton stride through Bournemouth's defence and open the scoring! Zabarnyi errs to gift the ball to Garner 20 yards out, and the young midfielder drives towards goal before picking out the bottom-right corner! It's 1-0 to the Toffees, and the home fans are delighted!,1
Livramento rushes down the left and gets the wrong side of Antony, who slides him to the floor and is shown a yellow card.,2
Dubravka is picked ahead of Karius to replace Pope in goal. He has four minutes plus additional time to keep a clean sheet.,0
United have struggled in this match, but it has not affected the performance of Mainoo, who has completed 92.3 per cent of his 39 passes. He is coming off for Amrabat.,0
Maguire has been one of United's better players in this match but goes into the book for a late slide tackle on Gordon.,2
Ten Hag has seen enough and has decided to make a couple of changes. Martial has been quiet in the attack and is being replaced up front by Hojlund, who is still searching for his first Premier League goal.,0
Rashford has had a game to forget on the wing for United. He has not challenged full-back Livramento and has given him plenty of space to work with. Antony is on in his place.,0
GOALLLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! The hosts have a thoroughly deserved lead - that goal has definitely been coming. Isak finds Guimaraes on the edge of the box, with the midfielder having the awareness to slide the ball down the right side of the box to Trippier. His low first-time cross is met by Gordon, who has a simple finish from close range.,1
Southampton respond by making a substitution of their own, with Ings coming off and he has been replaced by Obafemi.,0
Here is the enforced change for Spurs, with Kane limping off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lamela.,0
Another booking now, this time for Aurier after he fouls Long down the left wing and hands Southampton a free-kick in a good position.,2
Bednarek is the latest player to be booked after tugging the shirt of Kane as the striker broke in-behind.,2
A yellow card is shown to Sissoko for his high and late challenge on Ings, as the striker flicked the ball past him on the halfway line.,2
Southampton have made their first substitution of the game, with Djenepo coming off and he has been replaced by Long.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Ings opens the scoring and Southampton lead 1-0! The striker produces a wonderful flick over Alderweireld, sending the defender the wrong way and Ings then volleys the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net. Gazzaniga was rooted to the spot, he had no chance of saving that.,1
LEWANDOWSKI!!! 5-2! He's got another one! That is goal number 19 of the season for the Pole, who is in the right place at the right time to volley home Muller's precise cross.,1
LEWANDOWSKI... YOU KNOW THE REST!!! 4-2 Bayern! The Bundesliga's top scorer steps up to the spot and calmly sends Dahmen the wrong way.,1
SULE!!! 3-2 BAYERN! The turnaround is officially complete courtesy of an unlikely source. The ball drops kindly for the centre-half following a corner for the hosts, and his volley takes a slight deflection before nestling in the far corner.,1
SANE!!! 2-2! There is no denying him this time! Picking the ball up on the corner of the penalty area, the former Manchester City winger comes inside before powerful sweeping it into the bottom corner. Shades of Lionel Messi there; he would have been proud of that one!,1
KIMMICH!!! 2-1! Bayern pull one back! After initially sending the ball into the box, Kimmich arrives at the far post to head home after Lewandowski helped on Gnabry's cross.,1
HACK!!! 2-0 TO MAINZ! The visitors double their lead and you can't say they don't deserve it. The defender arrives at the far post to firmly plant Brosinski's free-kick past Neuer.,1
BURKARDT!!! 1-0 MAINZ! Following a good spell of pressure, the visitors take the lead and Bayern are not happy! A shoulder barge on Boateng allows Burkardt to race onto Latza's long ball over the top of the defence. He then shows tremendous composure to fire past Neuer and put his side in front.,1
A third and final change for Tottenham. Ben Davies has been replaced by Danny Rose, who has scored one of the most memorable north London derby goals. Spurs could do with another one of those right now!,0
Torreira celebrated scoring his first Arsenal goal by taking off his shirt, and has received a booking.,2
TORREIRA MAKES IT FOUR! The Emirates Stadium is shaking as Aubameyang turns provider with a sublime pass through Tottenham’s lines. Torreira has acres of space and plenty of time to get his head up, and duly makes no mistake by slotting across Lloris and into the far corner.,1
LACAZETTE PUTS ARSENAL AHEAD! From their own throw-in, Spurs concede possession, and Arsenal work it into Lacazette. It looked as though the chance was gone but, despite stumbling as he took the shot, the Frenchman’s effort deflects off Dier and spins around Lloris into the bottom-left corner.,1
Here is that change. Shkodran Mustafi will not be able to carry on, and Matteo Guendouzi has been brought on. That may mean another switch in system, possibly to a 4-1-2-1-2, similar to their opponents.,0
WHAT A GOAL FROM AUBAMEYANG! Arsenal are right back in this now, and the Premier League’s top scorer is the player they have to thank. A through ball from Bellerin set Ramsey away, and the Welshman did well to turn the ball back to Aubameyang, who unleashed a wicked first-time strike that soared into the top-right corner.,1
Alli wins another free-kick in a dangerous position, having drawn a clumsy challenge from Xhaka, who picks up a booking that will see him miss Arsenal’s clash with Manchester United next time out.,2
DIER LEVELS IT UP! Well, Arsenal can’t hold out! Spurs have pulled level, Dier latching onto Eriksen’s wonderful free-kick to head in at the near post, with Leno failing to keep the ball out. Dier races to the touchline to celebrate in front of the Arsenal faithful, which some of Arsenal’s substitutes are not best pleased about, and that sparks a tussle on the touchline.,1
Milla is shown a second yellow card and is sent off after angrily protesting the referee's decision to award a free-kick against him.,3
GOALL! HAZARD! 2-1. Madrid have turned it around! Alaba releases Hazard with a superb curling pass down the line and Werner rushes out of his goal. Hazard calmly rounds the goalkeeper on the edge of the box, before slotting a precise finish into the net from a tight angle from outside the box!,1
GOALL! ISCO! 1-1. Madrid equalise with 10 men! Casemiro drives to the byline and cuts it back to Ceballos. The attacker drills an effort at goal that flicks off Isco before rolling past a helpless Werner!,1
GOALLL! VERDU! 1-0. Elche take the lead. Marcelo's red card results in a free-kick for the hosts on the edge of the box. Verdu steps up and hits the initial set-piece into the wall, before slamming the rebound into a crowd of bodies where it deflects off Casemiro to wrong-foot Lunin and roll into the bottom corner!,1
RED CARD! Marcelo is sent off. Elche hit Madrid on the break again as Mojica slips Morente clean through! Marcelo manages to trip the attacker before he can reach the box and the referee shows no hesitation in showing a red card.,3
Madrid look to take the pressure up a notch with a double substitution. The first sees Camavinga depart for Casemiro.,0
After a typically industrious display, Lucas is replaced by Gil, who gets just another brief cameo in a Spurs shirt.,0
Smith is switching shape in pursuit of an equaliser, as Hause is withdrawn from the Villa defence and Traore is brought on to bolster the attack.,0
Ndombele's contribution is warmly applauded by most of the stadium, as he comes off to be replaced by Lo Celso.,0
Ramsey is replaced in the Villa midfield by Buendia, who has 20 minutes or so to make the difference.,0
Ramsey is booked for his crude tackle on Kane, which gives Spurs a free-kick 10 yards outside the area in a central position.,2
SPURS LEAD! Having been gifted the ball on the halfway line, Spurs run directly at the static visiting back three, and Son lays the ball on for Hojbjerg to calmly slot into the bottom-right corner of the net. An excellent finish, which makes it Spurs 1-0 Villa!,1
Traore is booked for a foul. The PSG players weren't happy about it, immediately converging on the referee.,2
GOOOAAL! Nantes are back in it, Simon with a goal out of nowhere! Verratti fires a pass back towards Kimpembe at the halfway line, and the defender's attempted flick to Kehrer scuffs into the path of the Nantes forward. He carries it into the area, holding off the pair of defenders before moving onto his left foot and sweeping the ball around Navas.,1
GOAL! 2-0 PSG, Kehrer gets his name on the scoresheet! It's an excellent corner from Di Maria, an inswinger from the right. Kehrer meets it at the edge of the six-yard box, flicking a header into the side netting at the far post.,1
Bamba tries to inject some energy into proceedings with a burst down the left, but Verratti fouls Blas to kill the attack in the centre of the park and gets a yellow.,2
GOOAALL! PSG make the breakthrough, it's Icardi! Sarabia and Mbappe combine down the left, Mbappe winning himself a yard of space before pulling the ball back to the edge of the six-yard box, where Di Maria strokes home a simple finish. He celebrates but the goal is eventually given to Icardi, after it took a slight touch off his leg on the way in. That'll be a topic of discussion in the changing room.,1
GOAL! Correa makes it 3-1, that might just do it! It's an incisive move from Atletico down the right. Llorente is played in behind and he carries the ball forward, drifts into the penalty area and pulls it back for a tap-in for the substitute.,1
Joao Felix goes off after an excellent performance. A goal and an assist for him tonight. Correa comes on.,0
GOAL! 2-1 ATLETICO, VINTAGE LUIS SUAREZ! Felix recieves the ball in space on the left touchline and drives infield, laying the ball off for Suarez at the corner of the area. He gets to the edge of the six-yard box and, while the angle looks to be tight, slips the ball calmly around Domenech and in off the far post. The perfect finish.,1
It's getting a bit testy now. Vrsaljko is shown the first yellow card of the night for elbowing Vallejo as they contested a high ball in the centre circle.,2
GOAL! 1-1, Joao Felix turns home! It's a goal from a corner and Lemar must get credit for an excellent delivery. He fires in a superb inswinging corner towards the back post, and the Portuguese starlet is just able to hold off Correia and stab the ball in with the bottom of his boot. Domenech gets a touch but can't keep it out.,1
Red card! Griezmann jinks past Mbemba and it looks - for a moment - as though he'll go through on goal at the death. However, Mbemba cynically trips him over and the referee immediately shows him a straight red card! The defender could have no complaints after preventing such a clear goalscoring chance.,3
Felipe clumsily bundles Otavio over on the edge of the box and is shown a yellow card. This set-piece is in a prime position for the visitors.,2
Uribe's late challenge on Koke results in a yellow card and a promising free-kick 30 yards from goal for the hosts. ,2
Diego Simeone clearly isn't happy with his side's display so far and he makes an early substitution: Lemar departs with De Paul taking his place in midfield.     ,0
DE PAUL IS SENT OFF! The Atletico midfielder makes a late challenge in the middle as Celtic look to break away, and the referee shows him his second yellow of the game, resulting in a red card.,3
Simeone makes a change in attack as Correa comes on in place of Morata, who scored the equaliser for Atletico to make it 2-2.,0
Taylor makes a late challenge on Llorente as Atletico looked to attack and the referee rightfully brandishes a card.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!! 2-2!! Atletico equalise! Llorente bursts down the right-hand side and ignores the run of Molina before playing a teasing cross towards the back post. Morata is there to meet it and produces a fantastic diving header which loops into the far corner and into the back of the net. It’s exactly the response that Simeone would have wanted in the second half!,1
Galan makes a rough challenge in the middle of the pitch and then decides to kick the ball away in frustration, giving the referee no choice but to issue a card.,2
De Paul is the latest player to go into the book. The Atletico midfielder appealed for a penalty with a bit too much aggression for the referee's liking.,2
GOOOAAAALLL!!! 2-1 Celtic!! Maeda bursts down the left-hand side after a fantastic pass finds him beyond the Atletico defence. His cross evades everyone except Palma who is waiting at the back post, and the Celtic forward takes one touch before drilling it off the post and in! A superb finish and the Scottish side are back in front!,1
GOOOOAAAALL!! 1-1! Atletico equalise! Griezmann took a deep breath and looked to place his penalty in the bottom corner, but Hart makes a strong save to deny him. However, the ball falls straight back into the path of Griezmann who dispatches into the empty net. A truly unfortunate moment for the Celtic keeper!,1
Hatate has suffered an early injury and Rodgers is forced into a change, with Bernardo coming on in his place.,0
GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 CELTIC!!! It’s a dream start for the Scottish side! Kyogo drifts into the box and looks to play a one-two with O’Riley. The former receives the ball inside the penalty area and finds himself one-on-one with Oblak between the sticks, and the Celtic forward pokes the ball beyond the goalkeeper and into the back of the net!,1
RED CARD! Nacho appeared to have stomped on Van de Beek in the aftermath of that challenge and the Spaniard is sent off by the referee!,3
Nacho drags Van de Beek to the floor down the right wing as the midfielder looked to break and the defender picks up a yellow card. Free-kick Ajax.,2
The hosts make their final change as Valverde comes on to replace Casemiro with only a few minutes left to play.,0
It is a double change for the away side as Dolberg comes on to replace Neres. The Brazilian has been a threat this evening and scored Ajax’s second goal.,0
Ajax make their first change of the game as Schone, the scorer of the fourth goal, is replaced by De Wit. Just over 15 minutes to go.,0
WHAT A GOAL! Schone scores another for Ajax and what a goal it was! The visitors won a free-kick just inside from the left wing after Casemiro brought down Tadic, and Schone completely fools Courtois as the midfielder sends the free-kick over the head of the Belgian and into the top right corner. That was sublime. 4-1.,1
GOAL! Madrid pull one back through Asensio! Reguilon gets away down the left flank and spots Asensio in acres on space on the left side of the penalty area. After receiving the ball, the Spaniard strokes his first-time effort into the bottom right corner and beyond Onana. 3-1.,1
Madrid are forced into yet another substitution as Vinicius is unable to continue following that earlier injury. Asensio comes on to replace the Brazilian.,0
The injured Vazquez is replaced by Bale as Madrid are forced into making their first change of the game.,0
Mazraoui is the first player to go into the book for a late challenge on Vinicius as the Brazilian looked to launch a quick counter-attack down the left.,2
GOAL! Ajax have doubled their lead through Neres! Tadic does superbly well to spin away from Casemiro before driving towards the penalty area. The Serbian spots the run of Neres to his right and slots the ball into the Brazilian who calmly dinks the ball over Courtois and into the net. 2-0.,1
GOAL! Ziyech gives Ajax the lead on the night! Kroos loses the ball down the right wing and Tadic drives towards the edge of the area before pulling the ball back for Ziyech. From the edge of the box, the Moroccan finds the bottom left corner of the net. 1-0.,1
Icardi makes it 4-1! A swift breakaway is led by Di Maria, who slides a neat pass into Mbappe. The youngster does not even break his stride as he threads a cross into Icardi, who is presented with a simple tap-in for his second Ligue 1 goal.,1
The home fans aren’t happy with the referee, who decides Kimpembe flailing an arm out at Dolberg is only worthy of a booking. Given Herelle was just sent off for what seemed a much softer wave of the hand, it is perhaps not surprising that the Nice fans are voicing their displeasure.,2
Surely now, Nice have nothing to lose? They may be down to nine men but, for the time being at least – since PSG are readying Mbappe – they are in this game. Their goalscorer Ganago has made way, with Tameze coming on.,0
Another Nice player sees red! My word, it is all going so wrong so quickly for Nice. While the official was giving Cyprien his marching orders, Herelle ran over to protest that it was actually Paredes that committed the initial foul. He then tapped the PSG midfielder on the face, but it was no more than a brush with his palm. The former Zenit man hit the deck, clearly feigning pain, yet the referee – with the help of VAR – has deemed the offence worthy of a red card.,3
Cyprien has been sent off! Nice’s midfielder was clearly pushed by Paredes, but the official waved play on. Cyprien waved his arm and shouted at the referee briefly, though swiftly got on with the game and in no way moved towards any opponent. However, the official was having none of it and presumably hands the midfielder his second booking for dissent. It seems harsh!,3
Well any hope of seeing both Mbappe and Cavani return to action today is now over, with Choupo-Moting having made way for Kurzawa, who is a left-back by trade. Perhaps PSG will change shape to a three-man defence, or the former Monaco man may simply play down the left wing.,0
One change for PSG at the break. Silva is off, with Marquinhos – a more than able deputy - coming on in place of the captain. The former Roma defender will take the armband for the second half.,0
No more chances for Cyprien. He was fortunate not to get booked earlier for a tackle on Sarabia but now he has received a caution, having barged into the Spaniard once more.,2
GOAL! It is 2-0 to PSG and what a finish that is from Di Maria! Well, who needs Neymar when you have a man in such sensational form as the former Real Madrid star is right now? The winger raced onto Meunier’s pass and – from the cutest of angles – lifted a sublime first-time finish over Benitez.,1
GOAL! Di Maria makes it 1-0 to PSG! The warning signs had been there for Nice earlier and now a rash decision from Dante has gifted the visitors the lead. The experienced defender foolishly elected to dive in and try and win the ball ahead of Icardi, who simply turned a first-time pass through to his compatriot. Di Maria burst clear and, with just Benitez to beat, curled a neat finish into the bottom-left corner.,1
Newcastle turn to their bench again as Wilson makes way to huge applause from the home crowd. Wood comes on to replace him for these final few minutes.,0
Fulham make a triple change after that goal. Vinicius comes on up front in the place of defender Diop.,0
GOOAAAAALLLL!!!! NEWCASTLE LEAD LATE ON!! 1-0! Howe's attacking changes have worked and Isak has the late goal for Newcastle. It is crossed in from Longstaff and Wilson gets the header on goal. It bounces off the back of Adarabioyo and straight back to Wilson. The Englishman gets his head up and simply lifts the ball across the six-yard box for Isak to head home.,1
Joelinton is fouled on the edge of the box after some fantastic footwork. Ream is booked for his challenge.,2
Kurzawa blatantly tugs back Almiron's shirt after he had spun the Fulham left-back. The Frenchman receives the first yellow card of the game.,2
Guimaraes went off in tears after that first half and he is unable to continue. Saint-Maximin comes on in his place.,0
Mirante, who didn't even make it onto the pitch in the game, rushed onto the field to lead the protests to the referee after the late penalty Milan wanted wasn't awarded. He crossed a line though, and is shown a straight red card for dissent.,3
Ederson has his arms all over Pulisic as he drags the American to the ground to stop the run. The referee goes straight to his pocket for the yellow card.,2
Atalanta's final change is a double one to add a bit of freshness to see out the game. Scalvini is replaced by Hien.,0
Leao's cross hits Scalvini's arm, and the referee tries to play the advantage as it bounces back to Musah. Leao isn't happy with that and makes his frustration known. He does get the free-kick, as well as a booking for dissent.,2
Milan are making another double change now, and it's an attacking one. Loftus-Cheek is taken off for Giroud.,0
Milan are making a double change in response to going behind. Calabria is taken off, with Simic on in his place.,0
Hernandez isn't happy with that penalty decision, and he's making that known to the referee. The complaints last too long though, and he's booked for dissent.,2
KOOPMEINERS EQUALISES! And just like that, we're all square once more! Atalanta don't hang about from the restart, working it neatly down their right where Holm pulls it back to the edge of the box. Miranchuk is also waiting for the visitors, but Koopmeiners is just in front of him to drill his low shot past Maignan. 1-1!,1
LEAO SCORES! Milan have the breakthrough! The attack starts with Maignan, and the hosts quickly pass their way through Atalanta into the final third. Hernandez gets forward this time to square it in from the left, and Leao strikes it first time, hitting it sweetly across goal and into the far side of the net. 1-0 Milan!,1
Gabbia has an icepack being held to his neck, and he isn't going to be able to carry on. That's another defensive injury for Pioli to worry about as Kjaer replaces him.,0
Unnecessary scenes at the end of the game saw Maitland-Niles clash with some Valencia players, and a fracas builds up on the pitch. The Arsenal youngster has received a booking after the whistle has gone, but he will likely not mind too much.,2
WHAT A GOAL! AUBAMEYANG GETS HIS HAT-TRICK! That was absolutely sublime from Arsenal! They worked a patient move down the right, Aubameyang exchanging a number of passes with Guendouzi before dummying it for Mkhitaryan, whose throughball is perfectly weighted for the former Borussia Dortmund man to slam home high into the net. It's 4-2 on the night, and 7-3 on aggregate.,1
GOAL! 3-2 TO ARSENAL! Surely, that’s the game all over now. Maitland-Niles sends in a low cross, and Aubameyang is on hand at the front post to prod in and make it 6-3 on aggregate to the Gunners. Clinical!,1
A first Arsenal substitution now sees Ozil – who puts a finger to his lips to silence the angry Valencia faithful – replaced by Mkhitaryan.,0
GOAL! IT’S 2-2! It’s 5-3 on aggregate now, as Gameiro bundles in after initially blocking Wass’ shot. Cech tried his best to get there, but the Frenchman managed to flick it beyond Arsenal’s goalkeeper.,1
GOOOAAAALLL!! LACAZETTE MAKES IT 2-1 TO ARSENAL! That really could be the tie over now! Valencia’s defence parted in front of Torreira following Gaya’s slack touch. The midfielder quickly picked his head up and found Lacazette who, after controlling it expertly, spun clear of two defenders and slammed home into the bottom-right corner.,1
The first booking of the game goes Garay’s way, after he scythed down Lacazette. The Argentine is complaining about that decision, but the replays have shown it was a poor tackle.,2
GOAL! AUBAMEYANG MAKES IT 1-1! Well, just as it looked as though Arsenal would get overrun, Emery’s side have sprung to life and delivered what could be a hammer blow to Valencia’s hopes. Lacazette sent a lovely cushioned pass through to Aubameyang, and he made no mistake with an unerring first-time finish on the half-volley.,1
VALENCIA GOAL! IT’S 1-0! The hosts are right back in this tie now, and could we be in for another comeback? Rodrigo gets away from his marker and slides a great cross into the six-yard box, where four-time Europa League winner Gameiro is on hand to tuck home.,1
Meyer is forced off due to the severity of the challenge and is replaced by Tosun, who makes his Palace debut.,0
OFF! Aubemeyang is sent off for a tackle on Meyer. He sticks out a leg and catches Meyer on the ankle with his studs. He receives a yellow card initially from the referee, but VAR overturns the decision and turns it into a red card. ,3
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! AUBAMEYANG SCORES!!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The Gunners cut open the Palace defence and Aubameyang slots a low strike into the bottom-right corner to beat Guaita. Arsenal use the ball well in possession before Lacazette slides a throughball into the box for the run of his team-mate. Aubameyang takes a sublime first touch before burying his effort into the back of the net on his right foot.,1
Gibbs-White is off, his assist earlier has crowned an excellent first season at Forest. Ayew is his replacement.,0
Dennis also comes on in an attacking switch by Cooper, with Boly's 100th Premier League appearance coming to an end.,0
McArthur gets a farewell in front of the home crowd after his departure was announced this week. He's on for Doucoure.,0
EQUALISER! Unsurprisingly the goal comes with a large deal of responsibility from Olise. He crosses beautifully for Hughes, who makes it 1-1 with a glancing header. That's a first league goal for Hughes at Palace.,1
Gibbs-White brings down Eze on the halfway line, with the Palace man attempting to start a counter. Nothing too dangerous but the ref deems it worthy of the game's first booking.,2
GOAL! Clinical work against the run of play, Awoniyi has opened the scoring to make it 1-0! Gibbs-White plays it over the top to the Forest striker, Johnstone can't decide whether to stay on his line and Awoniyi capitalises by firing the ball home!,1
After spending similar amounts of time in the penalty area and on the floor, Felix is replaced by Hermoso.,0
It's a double change for Osasuna with Castro also coming on. Oier Sanjurjo is the player to make way.,0
GOOALLLL!!!! Atleti take the lead! From the set-piece, Trippier whipped in a cross to Morata who was mysteriously in loads of space, and headed the ball down and past Herrera to open the scoring! Atletico Madrid 1-0 Osasuna,1
Lemar played well in the first half, but finds himself the first casualty of the second as Simeone opts to bring Correa on.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CASEMIRO GETS A SECOND GOAL!!!!! 4-3!!!! United score a third as Casemiro is in the right place at the right time to guide Fernandes' blast from the left flank into the back of the net. There's not much time left for United, but they haven't given up.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! TEL NOTCHES BAYERN'S FOURTH!!!!! 4-2!!!! The home side end the game as Tel blasts an effort past Onana from close range. Kimmich floats a ball over the top that Tel takes in stride and hammers past Onana before the keeper can react. Game over.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CASEMIRO GETS ANOTHER ONE BACK FOR UNITED!!!!! 3-2!!!! Casemiro produces a great finish on the floor to scoop a low strike into the net to give United hope. Rashford and Martial combine to find the Brazilian in the box. He falls down as he tries to guide a strike towards goal, but it falls kindly for him to shoot on the deck and he connects with his left foot to beat Ulreich.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! GNABRY MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!!!!! The hosts double their advantage as Gnabry places a left-footed strike into the bottom-right corner. Musiala causes havoc down the left flank with a surge into the box. He gets the better of Dalot before he picks out an unmarked Gnabry, who buries the opportunity.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ONANA SPILLS SANE'S SHOT INTO THE NET!!!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!!! The home side receive a gift from Onana as he spills Sane's tame strike into the back of the net. The winger cuts inside to play a one-two with Kane before firing at goal on his left foot. The effort is tame and should be saved, but Onana turns the ball into his own net. A nightmare for the United keeper.,1
GOAL! Broja strikes to make it 3-0 to Chelsea. The Albanian received the ball at the edge of the box, got the ball out of his feet and unleashed a superb and accurate effort from distance to beat Sa.,1
GOAL! Havertz has put Chelsea 1-0 up. The German was the man to provide the finish - a looping header - after a superb cross from the right flank from Mount.,1
HULL PULL ONE BACK! Grosicki steps up to take the free-kick and it's not the best strike. Kovacic jumps out on the edge of the wall and it takes a big deflection off him which takes it curling past Caballero and past Caballero into the far side of the net. 2-1! ,1
CHELSEA HAVE A SECOND GOAL! It's a wonderful free-kick from Barkley that floats over all the players in the box towards the far post. Tomori's run isn't picked up and he sends his shot under Long's outstretched arm and into the back of the net. 2-0 Chelsea!,1
GOOOAAALLL!!! City have five!!!! They flood forward again as Cancelo finds Grealish. On a continuing run, he receives it back and crosses. A deflection takes the ball into the path of Sterling, who taps it into an empty net. A five-start performance from City, who now lead 5-1.,1
Foden's been unlucky not to have a goal or assist in this game, and he comes off now for Jack Grealish.,0
De Bruyne drags down Ait Nouri as he races past him, and the City midfielder picks up a needless yellow card.,2
Fernandinho comes off for City to be replaced by Riyad Mahrez, and we'll likely see the leaders shift Rodri to centre-back.,0
GOOOAAALLLL!!! It's four!!!! City attack at breakneck speed again as De Bruyne plays in Foden. He squares for Sterling, but it's slightly behind him, and De Bruyne arrives to slot it into the bottom corner for his fourth goal!!! Four for De Bruyne, and four for City, who lead 4-1 at Molineux!,1
GOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLL!!!! OH MY GOODNESS!!!! De Bruyne races across the field from the right and smashes a low shot into the bottom corner, beating Wolves' defence and goalkeeper almost single-handedly to make it 3-1!!!! No stopping him, and seemingly no stopping City as their talisman records a 24-minute hat-trick!!!,1
GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! City lead again!!! Zinchenko's inside pass finds De Bruyne on the run, and he plays in Sterling. Sa comes for the ball and beats him to it, but it falls for De Bruyne who strokes it past Sa into an empty net!!! 2-1 to City, and this game is not letting up at all!,1
GOOOAAAALLLLL!!! The hosts hit back!!! After City squander a good attack chance, Wolves flood forward on the counter as Jimenez powers through a yawning gap in the midfield. He plays in Neto, who waits for support, and he gets it from Dendoncker who slams the ball home from the edge of the box!!! 1-1, and what a game this is shaping up to be!,1
After a series of desperate challenges in midfield, Skipp is called to the referee to receive a late booking for felling Townsend.,2
Gray has intermittently threatened in the final third, but Gbamin is now thrown on by Benitez to make up for Holgate's enforced absence.,0
After a quick check on the pitchside monitor, the referee upgrades Holgate's yellow card to a red, for his terrible follow-through on Ben Davies.,3
After enduring a difficult day, Son comes off and Conte offers Ndombele a chance to change the game in the final few minutes.,0
Lucas has put in his customary shift, without making a major impact, but is now replaced by Lo Celso.,0
Though he has been influential in the second half particularly, Reguilon now comes off and Doherty is brought on by Conte.,0
For his involvement in an unseemly head-to-head challenge with Romero, Richarlison is booked by the referee.,2
Youri Tielemans - something of an unsung performer in the middle for Leicester today - is off in the Foxes' latest change, with Hamza Choudhury on for the final few minutes here. ,0
Ross Barkley is off for Villa now, with less of a frustrated outburst this week, and Jacob Ramsey takes his place for the hosts.,0
Barnes puts a spark back into the match with a neat run through the middle, one where Elmohamady catches him with a hasty challenge and gets booked. Maddison will take the free-kick.,2
Barnes looks to make an immediate response for Leicester, tearing away himself on the left flank. Douglas Luiz cuts him down and gets penalised for it with a yellow card. Maddison turns the subsequent free-kick in; it beats everyone and skips out at the right post.,2
GOAL! BERTRAND TRAORE PULLS ONE BACK FOR ASTON VILLA! 2-1! That is just the start that the hosts would want! Leicester have been slow out of the blocks from the restart and are exposed with a lovely run down the left flank. The delivery tipped in by El Ghazi is tapped to the side by McGinn, attempting to pull it in himself and instead his partner manages to hack a finish home past Schmeichel. Game on!,1
Ndidi picks up the first booking of the game after a particularly messy attempt to halt McGinn as the latter looked to engineer a counter-attack.,2
GOAL! JAMES MADDISON SLIPS LEICESTER CITY INTO THE LEAD! 1-0! That is a wonderfully composed finish from the Foxes. They come forward, Barnes holds it up on the edge of the box and side-foots it to his fellow midfielder, who tucks his shot just around the last defender and in off the right post to beat Martinez. A quality goal for the visitors.,1
GERVINHO FOR PARMA! 3-2! There's no shortage of action in this second half as the striker cuts across Rugani at the right post to nudge a lovely low ball from Kucka out on the near wing in at the post. We're back to a one-goal gap.,1
RONALDO GETS A SECOND! 3-1! It's raining goals in Turn – three of them in the space of five minutes! Mandzukic bursts into the right edge of the Parma box and lifts a short, square pass to his fellow striker who tucks a header of his own in at the far post.,1
BARILLA PULLS ONE BACK FOR PARMA! 2-1! Out of nowhere, the visitors strike back! Kucka sends himself away down the right wing and finds the midfielder with the perfect pass in the box to put a powerful header into the bottom-right corner. This game's back on!,1
RUGANI FOR JUVENTUS! 2-0! Parma can't clear the corner at the first attempt and Mandzukic pokes a square cross in front of the goal. Ronaldo gets the first header and tips it onto his defender who turns and tucks a dynamite effort into the back of the net.,1
RONALDO FOR JUVENTUS! 1-0! The striker scored against Lazio last weekend and does so again here with a scruffy finish. He meets Matuidi's cross on the left of the box and turns, slipping as he shoots. Sepe's attempted save is poor however and a kind deflection carries it over the keeper and into the bottom-right corner.,1
Scozzarella is handed a yellow card for an intentional hand ball just outside the box, to give Juve a prime free-kick chance.,2
Cavani also sees yellow for his reaction. He could get the last laugh though as Neymar steps up to take the free-kick...,2
There's a delay while Neymar receives treatment. In the meantime Nice bring on Srarfi to replace Burner.,0
Nice make another change. Saint-Maximin, who must be cursing his miss, is replaced up front by Le Bihan.,0
GOAL! 1-1 PSG! Football is a cruel game. Straight from Ganago hitting the bar, Di Maria bursts just into the Nice box and is brought down by Burner. It's a penalty. Neymar steps up, dummies to send Benitez the wrong way, and coolly rolls the ball past him into the net.,1
PSG keep coming forward now as Nice camp all 11 men in their own defensive third. Danilo intercepts a short pass and tries to dribble his way out, but Verratti is booked for scything him down. The referee initially played advantage but Nice promptly lost the ball.,2
GOAL! 1-0 NICE! THEY CAN! From the kick-off Ganago latches onto a sweet pass from Dante from the back, getting between Alves and Marquinhos, and absolutely cannons a first-time half-volley past Areola satisfyingly off the upright. ,1
Martial is next to make way - it's been another decent game for him. Ighalo comes off the bench to make his home debut for United.,0
There's a raft of substitutions now as both teams know this game is essentially done. United go first as Fred makes way for McTominay.,0
Cathcart receives a yellow card for bringing down Martial as the Frenchman ran towards goal. It's an obvious decision.,2
GOAL! 2-0 UNITED! Martial scores a lovely goal! The Frenchman bursts into Watford's box and forces a save from Foster first. The save loops up nicely for Martial again, who dinks into the net at the near post after a clever turn.,1
GOAL! 1-0 UNITED! Fernandes steps up to take the spot-kick. The Portuguese midfielder calmly sends Foster the wrong way and slots the ball to the keeper's right. That's his first goal for United.,1
GOALLL! INTER TAKE THE LEAD AGAIN! What a brilliant header from Martinez as the Argentine heads Sanchez's cross back across the goal into the far corner giving Sirigu no chance. That is a world class finish and makes it 14 goals in the league for Martinez.,1
Inter make their third substitution as Sanchez replaces Brozovic in the hope of a late winner here in Turin.,0
GOALLLL! LUKAKU MAKES IT 1-0 INTER! Top scorer Lukaku gives the away side the lead with his 19th goal of the Serie A season. Torino's hard work has been undone by a mistake from Izzo.,1
Eriksen replaces Gagliardini in midfield to offer more creativity for the away side as Conte makes his second change of the match.,0
HE'S ON, HE'S OFF!!!! Kean heads off the pitch almost as soon as he came on, and what a wild incident to kick it all off! Kean is held back by Mancini and goes to ground, but before a free-kick can be given his way, Kean kicks the defender in the back of the leg and the referee shows him a straight red! An absolute brain explosion from the Juventus substitute, and he trudges off literally seconds after his introduction!,3
Juve prepare to add further attacking options late on, and Moise Kean replaces Cuadrado as the clock ticks towards the 90.,0
Pellegrini looks to have pulled a muscle while stretching to prevent Pogba from shooting, and the captain comes off late, to be replaced by Andrea Belotti.,0
The booked Kostic comes off next, and Paul Pogba enters the fray for only his second appearance since returning to Turin.,0
Wijnaldum also comes off after that earlier knock, and youngster Edoardo Bove will replace him out wide.,0
Zalewski comes off following that mistake, and Rick Karsdorp returns to the side to take his place at right-back.,0
Spinazzola gives the ball away and Di Maria plays Chiesa in behind the wing-back. The Roma defender tugs him back and to the floor, conceding a yellow card-worthy free-kick on the edge of the box.,2
Fagioli comes off in Juve's second change, and it's an attacking one that sees the introduction of Federico Chiesa.,0
GOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! What a thunderbolt that is!!!! Roma are building slowly and Cristante passes out to Mancini. With nothing on, the centre-back goes for glory, and from 25 yards fires a fizzing low shot which rockets across Szczesny and nestles in the bottom corner! 1-0 to the hosts, and the defender won't have struck many balls as sweet as that before!,1
One half-time change is made for Juventus, with Alex Sandro replaced by club captain Leonardo Bonucci in the back three.,0
Spinazzola attempts to latch onto Matic's pass as Roma try to get out of trouble, but the wing-back is clipped from behind by Locatelli, and the Juve midfielder is shown the first booking of this game!,2
GAME OVER 3-1 Bayern!!!! Robben finally grabs the third for the home side and it was very simple. A throw-in from the right was not dealt with by Hoffenheim and Robben latches onto a through ball to thump it home!,1
Vogt limps off and Nordtveit will have 16 minutes to try and help Hoffenheim keep the scoreline at 1-1.,0
Kovac is going for this as Martínez is replaced by Goretzka. The former Schalke man is now on for his Bayern debut.,0
GOAAALLL Bayern 1-1 Hoffenheim. The Allianz Arena falls silent as Szalai thumps the ball into the far corner. Some shocking defending from Boateng allows the striker in and he smashes it across goal and past Neuer.,1
The referee now dishes out a yellow card for Schulz for the challenge as Coman is carried around the pitch at the Allianz Arena.,2
GOAAAALLLLLL Bayern 1-0 Hoffenheim. Muller scores the first goal of the new Bundesliga season for Bayern and he may not get an easier one! The corner finds the Germany internatioinal at the near post and he is able to head home while standing still.,1
Williams now has no chance of getting his 50th for the club. Off he goes and Aduriz sprints onto the field but he has little time to make an impact.,0
Athletic make another change as Benat replaces Unai Lopez, who was on a yellow card after his earlier foul.,0
Sancet now enters the game as he prepares to make his debut for Athletic. The crowd rise to their feet to greet him as he replaces De Marcos.,0
Pique is the first man in the referee's book after he catches Raul Garcia with his arm as they jump for a header. Athletic now have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
GOOAAALLLL!!! DE LIGT! It's 4-0, a scoreline which is arguably both deserved for Juve and harsh on Lecce. The 10 men are clearly tired as they are slow to get out to a short corner, allowing Costa to send a wicked centre bouncing through the box to De Ligt, who nods in from a couple of yards out.,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! HIGUAIN! It's three! The substitute finishes smartly, lifting a shot over Gabriel, but this goal owes so much to Ronaldo for a wonderful assist, carrying the ball from halfway before cutting inside and backheeling through to his strike partner with the aid of a deflection. 3-0!,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! Ronaldo makes no mistake! 2-0 Juve! Having won the penalty himself, the forward drills his second spot-kick of the week straight down the middle of the goal.,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! DYBALA! There's the opener and it's a beauty! 1-0 Juve! Dybala picks his spot from the edge of the area, lifting a lovely curling left-footed effort past Gabriel into the top-right corner. Juve needed a moment of magic and they have it through their number 10.,1
Lecce make a change at the break, replacing midfielder Petriccione with centre-back Rossettini as they change shape following the red card.,0
Petriccione goes short from a corner and then draws a late challenge from Bentancur, who goes into the book and gives up a free-kick in a dangerous position on the left corner of the box.,2
RED!! Oh dear, oh dear. Lecce have played out from the back smartly, but a poor Lucioni touch proves so costly. He is 40 yards from goal but allows Bentancur to steal in and then go over a hanging leg. The defender is the last man and, despite his protests, is sent off.,3
Barcelona make their first substitution of the match as Alena comes on to replace Rakitic. There are less than 30 minutes left to play.,0
GOAL! Barcelona lead! Following a foul on Roberto, Messi’s free-kick from the right is delivered into the box and flicked on by Pique. Soria got down brilliantly to his right to deny the Spaniard, but Vidal was quickest to react to fire in the rebound. 1-0.,1
Foulquier receives the first yellow card of the match after pulling Coutinho to the floor from behind. He can have no complaints about that one.,2
It's 2-0 to the hosts! Kane plays in Reguilon down the left on the counter and the Spaniard dribbles towards the byline before sending a low delivery across the face of goal, where Son is waiting to tap into an empty net. It's a classy goal and it's a long way back for the Bees now.,1
Chelsea change. Pedro comes on for Willian, who deserves his applause. His experience may yet give Chelsea the three points here.,0
GOAL! 2-1 CHELSEA! William thumps a volley into the ground at the far post and over the despairing Maignan into the net. Lampard pumps his fists in celebration.,1
Andre's day is done for Lille. The 22-year-old Portuguese talent Sanches - formerly of Benfica, Bayern Munich and, er, Swansea City - will replace him in Lille's midfield.,0
That's James' last act of the game. Not a bad debut for the teenager. He's replaced by Hudson-Odoi. Chelsea will change to their more usual 4-3-3.,0
GOAL! 1-1 LILLE! Osimhen rises high at the far post above Tomori and Zouma from Bamba's corner and nods the ball into the net! Lille have pulled things level.,1
GOAL! 1-0 CHELSEA! Abraham's got it. Tomori curls an excellent ball into the box over the top of all the Lille defenders. Abraham coolly takes it down and finishes past Maignan.,1
VARDY SCORES! Leicester move the ball upfield quickly and nobody picks up Vardy's run down the left of the box. Under crosses it to him and he heads it into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Leicester!,1
Evans pushes Lacazette into Tielemans when he jumps to head the ball back into the box and is shown a yellow card.,2
Maddison gives the ball away and brings down Lacazette down in his attempts to win it back. He's shown a yellow card.,2
David Luiz has just gone down injured and isn't able to carry on after treatment. Mustafi comes on to replace him.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! EN-NESYRI CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 2-0 SEVILLA! Fernando releases Ocampos down the right flank and he skips past the challenge of Ibanez. He sends a low ball across the face of goal for the run of En-Nesyri, with Lopez stranded out of his net. The forward makes no mistake directing his effort first time over the line. The Spanish outfit are in complete control.,1
WHAT A GOAL!!!! REGUILON SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 SEVILLA! The Spanish side take the lead courtesy of a super effort from the left back. He takes a sublime touch forward to break into space from Banega's offload. Reguilon surges forward into the box and past Mancini before slotting his effort past Lopez into the net. A fine effort from the Spaniard.,1
The yellow card is out again, this time for Tapia, who kicked Carvajal's leg as he tried to stop his run.,2
Rudiger is late getting across to Aspas and steps on the Celta captain's foot. He earns a late yellow card.,2
BELLINGHAM SCORES! Madrid had to wait to take the corner after the injury to De la Torre, but they made it count. It's curled into the middle by Kroos and Joselu tracks back to flick it onto the edge of the six-yard box. Bellingham gets in front of Tapia to nod it past Villar to score for the third game in a row. 1-0 Madrid!,1
De la Torre can't carry on after receiving treatment for what looked like a hamstring problem. Rodriguez is on for him.,0
Aspas' clever footwork catches Kroos out and he sticks out a leg to trip the Celta captain. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Most of the Celta team is crowding around the referee in protest against the penalty decision, but it's Aspas that crosses the line and is booked for dissent.,2
Madrid are making a double change as they try to capitalise on their dominance. Tchouameni is the first to go off, with Modric on for him.,0
There's another double change for Leeds here as they try to get back into this game. Aaronson is the first to make way, with Gelhardt on for him.,0
BUENDIA SCORES! It's played long to Bailey on the right again, and he weaves past two defenders on the edge of the box before firing a powerful shot at Meslier. He keeps it out, but it knocks him off balance, and Buendia follows in to nod it over him before the flag goes up. VAR checks it and spots he was onside, and it's 2-0 to Villa!,1
Kamara is dawdling on a free-kick and the referee is having none of it. He's booked for time-wasting.,2
It's another injury setback for Villa as Watkins does have to go off and he's also straight down the tunnel. Ings is on for him.,0
The stretcher isn't needed as Digne is able to walk off the pitch himself and he makes his way straight down the tunnel. Moreno comes on to make his Villa debut.,0
BAILEY SCORES! What a start for Villa! Harrison's corner is dealt with by Mings and Young floats it out to Kamara to set the hosts on the counter. He cuts inside, wrongfooting two defenders before laying it off to Bailey, and he checks inside before curling a brilliant effort into the far corner of the net. 1-0 Villa!,1
Porro looks to slide a pass in towards Guardiola, who makes a good run in behind but can't beat Pique to it. He then slides in from behind on the defender as he tries to win it back, but it's an ugly challenge and he rightfully sees yellow.,2
Fati's last game as a 16-year-old is over, as he goes off two days before his birthday. Griezmann comes on.,0
Semedo is fouled by Fernandez as he looks to break in behind down the right. He gets a yellow card, and Messi gets another free-kick...,2
GOOALL! 3-1 Barca, a work of art from Messi! Barca win a free-kick 25 or so yards out, to the right of centre and you just know where it's going. Left foot, lovely curl, top-right postage stamp. Trademark. Predictable. Unstoppable.,1
GOOAAL! 2-1 Barca, Vidal scores! The Chilean makes another good run in behind the defence from midfield, and this time Messi finds him with an inch-perfect pass over the top from the right of centre. Vidal finishes well, stretching to toe it inside the right post on the volley.,1
GOOOOOAAL!! Barca go 1-0 up! De Jong skips away down the left and earns Barca a corner. It's taken short and when Messi eventually clips it in Valladolid fail to clear. A ricochet sits up for Lenglet and he slams the ball in off the underside of the bar!,1
Valero is booked for bringing down Bereszynski a few yards from Inter's box. What can Sampdoria do with the free-kick?,2
Martínez heads to the bench. His goal could well prove to be the difference here. Sanchez is on for him.,0
Young also goes off and is replaced by Biraghi. Inter have now freshened up both of their wing-backs.,0
Next off is Ramirez who has been irritating more than threatening to Inter's defenders. Depaoli comes on.,0
Thorsby gets booked for clattering into Bastoni in the centre of the pitch. The ref's starting to lose his patience with Sampdoria's constant fouling.,2
GOAL! 2-1 SAMPDORIA! Sampdoria are back in this! Sampdoria take the corner short and find Colley who is entirely unmarked at the far post. The Gambian's thumping header rebounds off the crossbar and Thorsby sticks out a leg to poke it into the net!,1
To illustrate the point, Martinez is booked for fouling Bertolacci in Inter's half. That's better from the visitors.,2
GOAL! 2-0 INTER! Martinez makes it two and this game already seems over for Sampdoria. Lukaku teases Jankto at the right of the box and waits for Candreva to arrive. Candreva receives Lukaku's pass inside and crosses first-time for Martinez, who has an easy finish.,1
Bertolacci gets the game's first yellow card for leaving a high boot on Barella in a 50/50 challenge. No complaints.,2
GOAL! 1-0 INTER! Lukaku opens the scoring for Inter! It's a lovely goal too, as Inter cut through Sampdoria through a flurry of passes which ends in the Belgian slotting home from the centre of the box. He takes a knee to acknowledge the Black Lives Matter movement.,1
Emery makes another change in attack. Zaniolo enters the fray, with Bailey taking his place on the bench.,0
Wilder looks to mix things up in attack, with McAtee coming off the bench. Slimane is the player to make way.,0
It's an alteration in attack from Wilder, with Hamer entering the fray with Brooks making his way to the bench.,0
Larouci now goes into the book for a foul on Bailey, with Villa having a chance from a free-kick inside the United half.,2
The Blades look to counter with Larouci, but Bailey brings him down inside the Villa half. The referee awards him the first booking of the game.,2
The home side make their final change as Moutinho is replaced by Gibbs-White for the final few minutes of the game.,0
Ozil gets away down the left and drills a low cross into the area which Neves turns behind for a corner. Xhaka overhits this one and Nketiah is able to keep it in down the right for Arsenal before being blocked off by Bennett. The Wolves defender receives a yellow card.,2
Wolves make their second change of the game as Traore comes on to replace Jimenez. There are less than 10 minutes to play.,0
GOAL! Arsenal pull one back! Xhaka swings in a wonderful corner from the left which is nodded into the back of the net by Sokratis from close range. 3-1.   ,1
The hosts make their first substitution of the match as the scorer of the third goal, Jota, is replaced by Cavaleiro.,0
Arsenal make their final change of the game as Iwobi is replaced by Nketiah. There are 20 minutes left to play.,0
Arsenal make their first change of the game as they look to find a way back into the match. Mkhitaryan makes way for Kolasinac.  ,0
GOAL! Jota makes it three! The away side sloppily lose possession their own half and Jota picks up the loose ball before driving towards the Arsenal goal. After skipping away from Sokratis, Jota’s low effort from the centre of the box is too powerful for Leno to keep out and the Portuguese attacker’s strike finds the back of the net. 3-0.,1
Torreira receives a yellow card after going in late Neves. The Arsenal midfielder can have no complaints about that decision.,2
WHAT A GOAL! WOLVES TAKE THE LEAD! Neves steps up to take the free-kick following the foul on Jonny and the Portuguese midfielder whips a fierce effort over the wall and into bottom left corner of the net and beyond Leno from 25 yards out. 1-0.,1
Following a quick break from the hosts, Jonny skips away from Monreal who brings him to the floor on the edge of the area. Wolves win a free-kick in a dangerous area and Monreal receives a yellow card.,2
Iwobi and Monreal link-up smartly on the edge of the Wolves box and Doherty pulls the Spaniard to the floor as he looked to burst into the area. The Wolves defender goes into the book.,2
Cahill comes on for David Luiz to a warm ovation from the home faithful. Azpilicueta hands him the captain's armband for what is probably the last appearance of his Chelsea career.,0
GOAL! Higuain makes it 3-0 to Chelsea! Pedro plays him in behind the defenders and into the box on the right, and the striker lifts the ball neatly over the advancing Foster and into the back of the net! Game over.,1
Chalobah makes way for Cleverley in midfield as the former Chelsea player's return to action comes to an end.,0
GOAL!! Chelsea have doubled their lead in the blink of an eye! A second corner is swung in and Mariappa loses David Luiz, who steams into the middle and powers a header in! It's 2-0 to Chelsea!,1
GOAL! Chelsea take the lead! The corner is worked short to Hazard, and the Belgian lifts the ball into the middle where Loftus-Cheek attacks it well and nods home! It's 1-0 to Chelsea!,1
Miretti's frustration gets the better of him, losing possession before taking Alberto out cynically. It's a yellow card for the Juventus substitute - the seventh of the match.,2
SUPERB PLAY FROM LAZIO GIVES THEM THE LEAD! 2-1! It’s a simply brilliant goal with every part of build-up executed to perfection, started by Anderson on the right flank. Despite close marking from Sandro, the winger manages to cut back a low cross to Alberto, who opts to use the space provided to roll a silky backheel pass to the far post for Zaccagni. In acres of room, he meets the ball with a sweeping first touch to curl it around Szczesny and into the far corner!,1
Cuadrado gets far too tight to Zaccagni and charges through the winger, taking out his legs. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus captain, their fourth of the game.,2
Locatelli receives a pass from Sandro but fails to control it properly before lunging into an awkward two-footed tackle on Milinkovic-Savic. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus midfielder with a minute to go in the half.,2
Sandro cynically drags Cataldi down in midfield. The referee has apparently seen enough as he brandishes his first yellow card, showing it to the Brazil international.,2
JUVENTUS PUT THEMSELVES LEVEL AFTER FOUR MINUTES! 1-1! Incredible! Juventus get themselves up the pitch and win a corner, with Di Maria tasked to take the set-piece. The Argentina international finds Bremer on the six-yard line, though the defender’s header is initially repelled by a lovely kicked stop from Provedel. A scramble ensues and it’s Rabiot who capitalises, eventually bundling the ball over the line to restore parity!,1
O'Shea picks up a late booking for a poor tackle on Mahrez. City will get one more chance to score as the two minutes of added time are already up.,2
Robson-Kanu is booked for that little nibble at Dias. It's the first booking of the game. If West Brom could get near City, there would surely be more.,2
Silva's game is also over. This is an ideal opportunity for City to give some key players some rest. Jesus is on.,0
Snodgrass is the next West Brom player to go off, perhaps not having shook off his niggle earlier. Phillips is on for him.,0
GOAL! WEST BROM 0-5 MANCHESTER CITY! City are making things worse for West Brom. Sterling slams a shot against a defender and City retain possession. Mahrez gets loose down the right and crosses first-time to Sterling on the half-volley. Sterling finishes from a few yards out.,1
Gundogan will not get a hat-trick. The German gets an early rest. He's replaced by Laporte as City emulate West Brom's 5-4-1.,0
West Brom make a change if only for damage limitation. Bartley replaces the anonymous Robinson. West Brom are moving to a 5-4-1.,0
GOAL! WEST BROM 0-4 MANCHESTER CITY! This City side are remorseless. Mahrez picks up Sterling's high cross near the byline, comes in on his left foot and curls a wonderful shot into the far left corner. ,1
GOAL! WEST BROM 0-3 MANCHESTER CITY! Gundogan grabs his second goal of the game, finishing coolly from inside the box as West Brom fluff a clearance. West Brom are at risk of a serious thumping here.,1
GOAL! WEST BROM 0-2 MANCHESTER CITY! Cancelo's goal stands! Silva darted onto the ball down the right and cut back for Cancelo, who dinked it home from a similar position to Gundogan earlier. It's Cancelo's first Premier League goal and City are cruising already.,1
GOAL! WEST BROM 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY! That didn't take long. Gundogan receives Cancelo's cross from the right, takes a touch on the edge of the box and lashes it past Johnstone. That's his sixth goal in his last eight Premier League games. He's a man in form.,1
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO STOPPING PIATEK! It’s his fourth Milan goal in three appearances since transferring from Genoa, and his first at San Siro as the Poland striker makes it 3-0 Milan! Calhanoglu’s right-footed shot from outside the penalty area is saved but put into a dangerous area by an out-of-position Cragno. Piatek is in the right place at the right time and he slips a shot underneath the goalkeeper and into the net!  ,1
Allegri withdraws Locatelli from midfield, allowing Bentancur to have a short run-out at the Olimpico.,0
With time running out, Cataldi is brought off by Lazio, with Basic thrown on more in hope than expectation.,0
BONUCCI AT THE DOUBLE! Stand-in captain Bonucci fires home his second penalty-kick of the match, sending Reina the wrong way from the 12-yard spot. Surely that's game, set and match now for the wily Old Lady.,1
Complaining about a foul on Muriqi in the build-up only gets Luis Alberto a yellow card from the referee.,2
For trying to recover his position with an ill-judged challenge on Chiesa, Reina not only concedes a penalty but also goes into the referee's notebook.,2
A combative but ultimately fruitless showing from Anderson comes to an end, and young Moro is on for the Aquile.,0
Despite his appeals, Hysaj goes into the referee's notebook for a clear pull on Kulusevski, as the latter looked to latch onto a long ball through the middle and burst into space.,2
Having let the play roll on, the referee calls Cuadrado back to show the Colombian winger a yellow card for pulling back Hysaj.,2
JUVENTUS LEAD! Staying cool amid the howls and whistles of the Lazio fans, Bonucci slots his penalty kick into the top-right corner, giving Reina no chance to stop Juve taking the lead. 1-0 to the Bianconeri!,1
Surprisingly, Max Allegri opts to replace the stricken Danilo with Kulusevski, a far more attacking player. It will be interesting to see if and how this modifies Juve's shape.,0
There will be no hat-trick for Greenwood. He has made way for James. What a performance the youngster has put in today.,0
GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! What a strike from Fernandes. Well, it’s surely game over now, as United’s star man curls a strike into the left-hand corner. However, there’s going to be a check for offside on Matic, who appeared to be in the eyeliner of Ramsdale.,1
WHAT A GOAL! That is a sublime, sensational strike from Martial, who puts United 3-1 up in some style. Fernandes fed it out wide, with Shaw making a good overlapping run to give Martial the space to cut inside and, from there, the France international plants a wonderful finish into the top-right corner.,1
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! RASHFORD MAKES IT 2-1! United lead now, with their number 10 having calmly sent a low finish into the bottom-right corner. Ramsdale guessed the right way, but couldn’t get down to it.,1
A first booking of the game goes the way of Lerma. He slid in to try and win a loose ball, only to completely miss it and instead make contact with Martial.,2
GOOOAAALLLL!!! UNITED ARE LEVEL! That is a real moment of quality from the hosts, with Greenwood having unleashed a brilliant strike that Ramsdale could only parry up into the net. Rashford got down the right, turning it back to Fernandes who, in turn, found the youngster.,1
GOOOOOAAAALLLLLL!!! 3-0. JOTA AGAIN!!!! It’s far, far too easy for the visitors. Salah finds Mane in the box who miscontrols the ball, but Jota arrives at the perfect time to smash home from 10 yards out. Arsenal have been nowhere near Klopp’s men today.,1
GOOOAALLLLL!! 2-0. SALAH!!!! Liverpool very quickly double their lead. Fabinho chips a ball over the Arsenal defence and Salah is suddenly in on goal. Gabriel tries to clear under pressure, gets it wrong and the Egyptian forward cuts in from the right and slips the ball under Leno from six yards out.,1
GOOOOOAAAALLLLLL!!! 1-0 TO LIVERPOOL. JOTA!!!! You can’t say that it hasn’t been coming. Alexander-Arnold whips in one of his trademark crosses from the right wing and Jota leaps highest to head home from six yards out. Leno gets a hand to the effort, but the German shot-stopper can’t keep it out. Talk about impact from the Portuguese forward.,1
Jurgen Klopp rolls the dice as Jota comes on to replace Robertson. The defender played a lot of football for Scotland over the international break and clearly the Liverpool boss feels his full-back is looking a bit leggy. Milner will move to left-back.,0
Unfortunately, Tierney is unable to continue after that knock, and Cedric replaces the Scottish full-back.,0
LUKAKU SCORES! He only takes a short run-up but it's a powerful hit from Lukaku who just pauses before taking the penalty. He sends Lopez the wrong way and the ball nestles into the bottom-left corner. 2-2!,1
Triple change for Inter now as Conte tries to get his side back into the game. Martinez is the first to make way with Lukaku replacing him.,0
ROMA TAKE THE LEAD! Dzeko's first touch isn't great, but the Inter defenders make a mess of clearing it as Skriniar hits it against De Vrij. It bounces up nicely for Mkhitaryan who made a late run into the box and he fires it over Handanovic into the net. 2-1 Roma!,1
ROMA EQUALISE! Dzeko lays it off to Spinazzola on the left of the box. He drills his shot low across goal and it takes a deflection off De Vrij as it hits the back of the net, but VAR is having a look at this...,1
INTER TAKE THE LEAD! De Vrij rises highest in the middle of the box to get on the end of Sanchez's corner. He pulls away from Kolarov and heads the ball down into the bottom-left corner and past Lopez. 1-0 Inter! ,1
Pussetto is booked late on for a late challenge on Ward, which has left the Palace right-back on the floor.,2
Watford make their third and final substitution, with Hughes the man coming off and he has been replaced by Gray.,0
Palace make the first substitution of the game, with McArthur coming off and he has been replaced by Milivojevic.,0
Kouyate is also booked along with Capoue, it seems to be for his reaction to the clash and surrounding the referee.,2
Zaha is the first Palace player to be booked after tripping Capoue from behind. The winger appeals against the decision, but the referee shows him a yellow card.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Femenia after he deliberately drags down Zaha, stopping him from breaking forward on the counter.,2
GOOOAAALLL! Palace take the lead, it's 1-0! The goal has come against the run of play, with Watford looking the better team, but a terrific strike from Ayew has put the hosts ahead! Zaha and Benteke linked up well down the left, before McArthur lays the ball off to Ayew, who smashes it into the top right-hand corner of the net.,1
Napoli make a change before the corner's taken. The Slovakian midfielder Lobotka is on for Insigne who's in some difficulty.,0
Juventus make a substitution at half-time. Cuadrado, who's been tormented by Lozano so far, is replaced by Alex Sandro.,0
Cuadrado gets caught napping by Lozano and sticks out a foot to bring down the Napoli man. Cuadrado's booked for the foul and Napoli will have the chance to test Szczesny again from this free-kick.,2
COMETH THE HOUR, COMETH THE MAN! 3-2 DORTMUND! The hosts do it again! Ribery loses possession deep in the Dortmund half to Sancho who immediately pushes the ball forward to Witsel. After looking up, the central-midfielder sees Alcacer streaking down the middle of the pitch with only one person marking him. The throughball is weighted to perfection and the striker gets onto the end of it and slips the ball past Neuer after beating his man in a race.,1
DORTMUND FINALLY GET IT RIGHT! 2-2! Piszczek has the ball on the right, a step in front of the touchline and puts a fantastic cross to the top of the penalty area for Reus who smashes his shot on the half-volley, beating Neuer comfortably! A wonderful goal – and the home side are back in it once again!,1
LEWANDOWSKI RESTORES BAYERN’S ADVANTAGE! 2-1! Just as soon as they go level, BVB loses the lead once again! Gnabry plays a one-two pass with Muller to get into the penalty area, and his second touch is a beautiful back-heel flick into the path of Kimmich who chips it over Hitz to the far post for Lewandowski to once again finish from inside the six-yard box! ,1
Weigl’s poor first half was capped with a yellow card, and Favre has decided to withdraw him during the interval. Dahoud is his replacement.,0
1-0 TO BAYERN MUNICH! It’s an easy finish for Lewandowski as Ribery spreads the ball to the right for Kimmich, who plays it immediately for Gnabry. The right-winger looks up and curls a textbook cross into the six-yard box for Lewandowski who pops up with a header!  ,1
GOOOAAALLL! Rebic gets his hat-trick, it’s 7-0! Torino fail to deal with a Milan corner and it is whipped back into the box and headed across goal by Kjaer and Krunic gets the slightest out touches, which sends it straight into the path of Rebic, who has to sort his feet out quickly and he knees the ball into the back of the net from close range. The marking from the Torino defence was non-existent there.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Rebic scores Milan’s sixth goal of the game! It’s so easy for Milan at the moment. Torino lose the ball deep inside the Milan half the pitch and the visitors are ruthless in their attack, racing up the pitch and the hosts just can’t keep up. Leao races through on goal, but instead of going for goal himself, he opts to square it to Rebic, who fires it into the back of the net.,1
Double Milan substitution now and the first change sees Hernandez head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Dalot.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Rebic finally gets his goal and fires Milan 5-0 ahead! It comes after another quick counter and they open up Torino at the back, with Krunic running at the hosts defence, before flicking it out to Rebic to his left, who only has Sirigu to beat and he powers the ball into the top of the net.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Hernandez makes it 4-0 and Milan are running away with it now! It comes after a quick counter-attack and they catch Torino out of the back, with Hernandez racing forward and Rebic slides it through Torino defence for his team-mate, who produces an excellent finish to chip it over Sirigu and get his second goal of the game.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Milan make it 3-0! Torino take too long on the ball at the back, trying to play it out from deep and Kessie intercepts a pass from Bremer, he then races into the box and passes to Diaz to his right, who drills it into the back of the net. That is surely the three points wrapped up for the visitors now.,1
Linetty is shown a yellow card after he catches Hernandez, as the two battle for the ball and the Milan defender just got there ahead of him.,2
Milan have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Bennacer the man coming off and he has been replaced by Meite.,0
Baselli is booked after he deliberately drags Diaz down to stop him from breaking forward on the counter.,2
Bennacer is the first player to be booked after his challenge on Linetty as Torino looked to break forward.,2
GOOOAAALLL! Kessie makes no mistakes from the penalty spot and makes it 2-0! Milan are in control now. Castillejo was brought down by Lyanco in the penalty area and the referee showed no hesitation in pointing to the spot. Kessie stepped up and coolly sent the keeper the wrong way, slotting it into the top right corner of the net.,1
GOOOAAALLL! What a strike from Hernandez to fire Milan ahead, it’s 1-0! Diaz cuts in from the right and sprints across the Torino defence, before laying it out to Hernandez, who powers a left-footed shot straight into the top right corner of the net from the edge of the box. Superb strike.,1
Alli's excessive force awards him a yellow card. Ederson eventually gets up after a minute or two on the turf.,2
Ederson is booked for taking his time over the resulting goal-kick. City will no doubt be glad to start winding down the clock.,2
GOAL! EVERTON 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY! It's heartbreak for Everton as Foden gives City the lead! Silva's cross from the left bobbles off the outstretched legs of both Holgate and Keane. It lands straight into the path of Foden who can't fail to beat Pickford from a few yards out!,1
Everton make another change. Gordon's arguably been their best player. Gray takes his place on the left wing.,0
Allan picks up a deserved yellow card for tripping Silva down City's right and giving the assistant referee too much lip when the foul's given against him.,2
Van de Beek is penalised for a bad tackle on Gundogan straight after Allan's penalty shout. Everton still aren't happy a penalty wasn't given.,2
ZAHA SCORES! This time, Zaha steps up to the spot instead of Ayew. He goes the same way as his team-mate but fires his shot over De Gea and into the back of the net. The keeper reached up a hand, but couldn't stop the shot. 2-0 Palace!,1
GOAL! 3-2 WOLVES! Wolves have turned this around from 2-0 down! Traore and Jimenez combine to send Traore away. Traore holds off the challenge and rolls the ball across for Jimenez who gets his second! VAR check it for handball but it's given!,1
Here's that expected change too. Armstrong makes way for Djenepo who'll play wide right for Southampton.,0
GOAL! 2-2 WOLVES! Jimenez keeps his eyes on the goalkeeper and casually rolls the ball into the bottom corner. Wolves are level after being 2-0 down! Now, can they go on to win this?,1
Traore flicks the ball past Bednarek and is caught around 30 yards from goal. Bednarek gets booked for the foul.,2
GOAL! 2-1 WOLVES! Wolves bypass the home side's press with a long ball and Traore powers down the right. Neto takes it under control in the box with his back to goal and swivels and shoots to fire past McCarthy! Wolves are back in it!,1
GOAL! 2-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Southampton work the ball down their right and Armstrong does well to keep the ball in play. Cedric lofts a cross into the box and Long pops up to head it in!,1
Ward-Prowse's name goes in the book for that challenge. Southampton are feisty and full of energy under Hasenhuttl, but they can lose their discipline at times.,2
GOAL! 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Traore fouls Hojbjerg down the right. Ward-Prowse lofts the cross in and Bednarek takes a touch before arrowing the ball into the net from the centre of the box! Southampton are menacingly good at set-pieces.,1
Final Newcastle substitution now, with Almiron heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Anderson.,0
Third and final substitution for the Gunners now, with Smith Rowe coming off and he has been replaced by Martinelli.,0
Arsenal have also made a change and there will be no hat-trick for Aubameyang as he is replaced by Willian.,0
Newcastle have also made their first change, with Carroll the man coming off and he has been replaced by Murphy.,0
Arsenal make their first substitution of the game, with Partey the man coming off and he has been replaced by Elneny.,0
GOAL! Saka doubles Arsenal's lead and makes it 2-0! Lovely stuff by Smith Rowe down the left wing, he takes on Lascelles and gets into the box, before pulling it back to Saka who sneaked into the penalty area and he fires it into the back of the net.,1
GOAL! Arsenal lead 1-0! Aubameyang breaks the deadlock after a quick counter forward and the striker beats Krafth down the left and then powers the ball into the top left-hand corner of the net, giving Darlow no chance.,1
Filipovic is also booked for grabbing hold of Lacazette's shirt. Had the Frenchman stayed cool, he would have realised that he had been given the decision. ,2
Skavysh - BATE's best player in the first half - is replaced by Mekontso to applause from the home supporters. ,0
Maitland-Niles is replaced by Aubameyang as Emery tries to change the game, changing to a back four and pushing Mustafi to right-back. ,0
GOAL!!! BATE are in front!! Dragun makes it 1-0 to the hosts as he evades his marker in the box to head the free-kick high above Cech and into the back of the net! Arsenal look shell-shocked! ,1
Xhaka gets a yellow card as Guendouzi slips over and the Swiss races back and bundles Skavysh over. He protests that it is his first foul, but the referee deems it a cynical challenge.,2
Ward receives a yellow card after a foul on Davies. The defender seemed to have touched the ball, but the referee disagrees.,2
Cancelo is withdrawn after a fine performance, scoring once and providing an assist. Gomez replaces the Portuguese.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HAALAND GETS ON THE SCORESHEET!!!!! 4-0!!!!!! You can't keep Haaland down for long as he converts his 15th Premier League goal of the season. City play their way through the Southampton defence down the left flank as Grealish releases Cancelo. He sends a cutback into the box for Haaland to sweep home into the bottom-left corner on his left foot.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CANCELO FIRES CITY AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Portuguese fires City ahead with a crisp finish on his left foot. He collects on the left flank before he turns Ward-Prowse inside and out to line up the strike. Cancelo makes no mistake by blasting a low effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
GOAL!!! MUSIALA SURELY MAKES THE POINTS SAFE!!! Bayern's attacking quality has shone in recent moments and they are now surely on their way to three points. Kane cuts the ball back for Musiala, and he keeps his composure to shift onto his right foot before placing into the bottom corner. 3-1 to the visitors!,1
GOAL!!! KANE PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!! It has been a little better from the Bavarian giants in recent minutes and they have now restored their lead. Musiala fires the ball into Kane and he tries a clever first-time flick into the bottom corner. His initial effort is blocked, but the rebound sits up nicely for him to fire into the back of the net and put the visitors 2-1 up!,1
GOAL!!! Cool as you like, Icardi steps up before lofting his penalty straight down the middle as Ulreich dives to his right. The ball finds the back of the net to make it 1-1!,1
GOAL!!! COMAN PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!! They have barely had a kick so far but the German champions are in front against the run of play. A neat move sees Sane find Coman in the box with a clever pass, before the right-winger rifles into the bottom-left corner to make it 1-0 to the visitors!,1
CEBALLOS!!! 3-2! MADRID RETAKE THE LEAD! The visitors are back in front. Bellingham brilliantly switches the play to an unmarked Ceballos, who goes wide before drilling a low shot that takes a slight deflection off Roussillon before nestling in the bottom-left corner.,1
KRAL!!! 2-2! UNION ARE LEVEL! Hope rekindled for the hosts! Madrid are sloppy in dealing with a throw and following a scrappy spell of play on the edge of the box, the ball breaks kindly for Kral. The Spartak Moscow loanee brilliantly drills past Kepa from 20 yards to square things up once more.,1
There are two more changes made by Union. Goalscorer Volland makes way for Aaronson in the first of those.,0
Juranovic makes way in the hosts' fifth and final swap. Trimmel enters the action for the final eight minutes.,0
Laidouni, who has just entered the action, accidentally catches Joselu, though it looks a painful one for the Madrid forward. The substitute goes into the book.,2
JOSELU!!! 2-1 MADRID! He's done it again! The Espanyol loanee completes the turnaround with another brilliant header. Escaping his marker to meet Garcia's cross, Joselu does superbly to guide his header past Ronnow at the near post.,1
JOSELU!!! 1-1! Madrid are level! The visitors make their pressure tell as Rodrygo teases his marker down the right before sitting up an inviting cross to the far post. There, Joselu outmuscles Jaeckel to nod past Ronnow.,1
After missing his attempted clearance, Alaba drags Behrens back to prevent him potentially attacking Nacho. The veteran defender goes into the book as a result.,2
Ancelotti makes a change at the break as he looks to rally Madrid. Kroos is the player introduced with Valverde making way.,0
VOLLAND!!! 1-0 TO THE HOSTS! Union lead against the run of play! It is a dreadful moment for Alaba, who slips as he attempts to clear and unwittingly puts the ball on a plate for Volland. The striker does well to hold off Vazquez, before drilling home under Kepa's dive.,1
Bellingham also has his name taken for reacting after Khedira squared up to one of his team-mates. He will also have to tread carefully hereon.,2
Following a clash between Nketiah and Kamberi, the Zurich free-kick is pumped forward, but Gabriel catches Santini as the pair climb to win the header, and the Gunners' centre-back is booked.,2
Zurich throw caution to the win late on, as they bring off defender Aliti for a target-man forward in the form of Ivan Santini.,0
Another change from the visitors sees the booked Conde withdrawn, and he's replaced by Bledian Krasniqi.,0
Jesus hasn't been at his clinical best in this one, and the stand-in Arsenal captain comes off for Bukayo Saka. Nketiah will likely move into the centre-forward position, with Saka occupying the left flank.,0
Arsenal make their first changes of the match, the first of which sees Elneny replaced by Thomas Partey at the base of their midfield.,0
Conde fouls Lokonga twice in as many minutes, with his two late challenges eventually resulting in a yellow card for the Zurich midfielder.,2
Zurich make a half-time change, as Rohner comes off for Antonio Marchesano, the man he replaced in the starting XI ahead of the game.,0
Aliti slides into a challenge on Vieira and gets much more of the man than the ball, sending the Arsenal playmaker flying and picking up a yellow card as he protests the referee's decision.,2
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Arsenal lead with a super strike!!!! White's cut-back from the byline to Vieira sees the midfielder have two half-decent efforts at goal blocked, and the ball bobbles out to Tierney. The left-back lashes a thumper of a shot on the half-volley, which beats everyone and flies into the bottom corner!!! 1-0 to the Arsenal, and after quite a cagey start the Gunners click into gear!,1
Frankfurt make a conservative substitution with Gotze coming off for the more defensively-minded Jakic.,0
Bayern turn to their bench after that goal with a double change. First off is Coman with Gnabry on in his place.,0
GOOOOAAALLLL!!! KOLO MUANI LEVELS FOR FRANKFURT!! 1-1! Frankfurt have been much improved in the last ten minutes and they get their reward. Kamada finds himself in all kinds of space and does a brilliant job to drag Bayern defenders towards him before feeding Kolo Muani. The Frenchman powers past Upamecano and smashes it into the far corner from a tight angle. Game on!,1
Upamecano is drawn into a challenge after a fantastic touch from Gotze. The Bayern defender clears out the Frankfurt attacking midfielder and receives a yellow card.,2
GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! SANE GETS THE OPENER!! 1-0! Bayern lead and the goal comes from Sane. Muller, once again, is at the heart of it, and it is his cross that finds Sane unmarked inside the box. The forward's first-time effort is crisply hit and flies past Trapp into the Frankfurt net.,1
Sommer races out of his box to contest a long ball with Kolo Muani. The Swiss goalkeeper initially gets the ball but his trailing leg takes out the Frankfurt striker and he is booked for the challenge.,2
De Ligt slips and gives away the ball on his halfway line. Rode knicks in and steals the ball but the centre-back cynically brings him down and receives a yellow card.,2
Werner would have liked a goal today but he will have to settle for an assist. Hudson-Odoi is the player to replace him.,0
Saint-Maximin, who has barely been involved in the game, makes way for Carroll in the third of Newcastle's changes.,0
GOOOAAAALLL!!! NEWCASTLE 0-2 CHELSEA! The visitors finally have their second goal - and it has come during their opponents' best spell of the game. Werner carries the ball past three players, slides it through for Abraham and the striker calmly converts for his fifth goal of the campaign.,1
Murphy barges into the back of Mount and referee Craig Pawson, who could not have been better positioned, reaches into his pocket for the second time today.,2
Hayden slides in on Kovacic and becomes the first player to be shown a yellow card. However, replays show he got some of the ball so can consider himself unfortunate.,2
GOOOOOOOOOAL! THERE'S HOPE FOR VILLA! Mac Allister loses concentration taking hold of Van Dijk's pass. Villa pounce quickly and Duran drills home a left-footed shot from the edge of the box. Villa Park roars its approval. Emery was booked for coming onto the field in the celebrations. Liverpool lead 3-2!,1
Well this is a real shame for Zaniolo who has not long-since been on the field. He goes off injured and Duran comes on in his place.,0
Villa skipper McGinn goes into the book and it's clear as day. He grabs Diaz around the waist and brings his opponent to the ground.,2
Emery looks to his bench for the first time this evening and it's the goalscorer Tielemans who is replaced by Zaniolo.,0
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! Oh that could the killer blow! Elliott delivers a free-kick from the left towards the back post and it's Quansah who rises high and loops a wonderful header over Martinez and into the far corner. Liverpool lead 3-1 and Villa have it all to do now.,1
It's the first yellow card of the evening and it goes to Elliott. The Liverpool midfielder was frustrated at the awarding of a free-kick and petulantly kicked the ball away. Hooper had no choice but to get the yellow out.,2
GOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! ANOTHER TWIST IN THIS TALE! The dangerous Salah swtiches it to Diaz, who slips Gomez in on the left of the area. His delivery is palmed into the path of Gakpo who had the easy tap-in. There was a VAR check as Gomez looked liked he could have been offside but the lengthy VAR check was good and the goal stands! Liverpool lead 2-1!,1
GOOOOOOOOOOOAL! VILLA PARK HAS COME TO LIFE! Against the run of play the home side equalise and it's all down to the brilliant work of Watkins. The England striker gets down the left channel, goes past Alexander-Arnold - a little too easily - and from the byline picks out Tielemans on the edge of the box, with the Belgian drilling home through a crowded penalty area. 1-1!,1
Neves loses the ball in midfield and then in his hurry to try and win the ball back, he barges into the back of Lennon, earning him a yellow card.,2
Wolves make their second substitution with Jiménez coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Bonatini.,0
Gudmunds­son is booked for bringing Jimenez to the ground after the striker tries to break quickly on the counter.,2
GOOOAAALLL! WOLVES LEAD 1-0! Jiménez is the man to finally score the goal to break the deadlock here and the hosts deserve their lead. Doherty pulled the ball back after getting into the box, he plays it straight to the feet of Jiménez who slides the ball into the far corner and out of the reach of Hart.,1
Here is the first Burnley substitution, with Barnes the man coming off and he has been replaced by Vydra.,0
Bardsley is the first player to be shown a yellow card after he dragged Jota to the ground, in an attempt to stop the Wolves counter.,2
Lasme was trying to get the ball but ended up catching Upamecano in the head as the defender stooped to try and reach it. He's booked for the challenge.,2
SANE SCORES! It's been coming, and Bayern have finally broken the deadlock! Muller lays it off to Sane on the edge of the D, and it's a brilliant hit from him. He curls it around the defender in front of him as well as Ortega, who rushed off his line, to score the opening goal. 1-0 Bayern! ,1
Schopf flicks the ball over Hernandez, and the defender catches him with his studs as he went for the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
GOAL! ATLANTA 3-0 MARSEILLE! The Serie A team reach the UEFA Europa League Final - their first ever European final - with one last flourish! Toure nips onto the ball on the left wing, coasts away from defenders as he cuts inside, and drills a low finish past Lopez into the far corner. Game, set and match!,1
De Roon is into the book for a lazy foul there. The captain has to be careful on getting any further bookings.,2
GOAL! ATALANTA 1-0 MARSEILLE! The hosts take the lead, and it is Lookman who opens the scoring, aided by a wicked deflection. The forward is allowed too much space on the edge of the box, but a hefty touch off the inside leg of a defender takes it into the bottom-right corner past Lopez. The Italians lead 2-1 on aggregate!,1
Puel makes one final change. Maddison makes his way off, applauding the away support. He'll be replaced by Shinji Okazaki.,0
Pereira is hauled off and replaced by Ghezzal. Leicester need to chase the game as they've been nowhere this half.,0
GOAL! 3-1 Arsenal! Game over! Aubameyang has got his second in five minutes. Bellerin gots loose down the right again. This time he finds Lacazette just outside the area. He puts together a lovely one-two with Ozil, who slides the ball across to Aubameyang. Arsenal have blown Leicester away.,1
GOAL! 2-1 Arsenal! And just like that, Aubameyang scores! A wonderful through-ball from Ozil finds Bellerin racing down the right again. The Spaniard squares it for Aubameyang and Arsenal have the lead!,1
GOAL! 1-1 Arsenal! Arsenal build from the back again under pressure from Leicester's front three. Initially they hold Arsenal off but can't keep it, and suddenly Arsenal are away down the right! Bellerin puts in a delightful low cross and Ozil, arriving late into the area, dinks it into the net. Lovely goal.,1
Xhaka is next to land himself in the book for fouling Maddison just after the midfielder had passed the ball on.,2
Iwobi loses the ball and suddenly Arsenal are in trouble. Holding is booked for fouling the onrushing Iheanacho.,2
GOOOOOOOAAL!! BRAITHWAITE SETTLES IT! Dembele's flick in a one-two with Pedri sends the teenager up against Ramon in a one-on-one. He bides his time before squaring to Braithwaite instead of shooting and the striker fires into an empty net.,1
CORNELLA ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Estelles, who gave away the first penalty, is shown a second yellow card for a lunge on Araujo. The centre-back let out a huge yelp when contact was made, but the Cornella man can have no complaints.,3
Barca are showing a lot more composure in possession now. Medina looks to spark a bit of urgency in Cornella's press and ends up catching Mingueza late, landing himself a yellow card.,2
GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAL!! DEMBELE WITH A STUNNER! He missed the penalty late in the second half but a powerful drive from Dembele finally gets the beating of Ramon. The keeper got a hand to the ball but could only push it in off the underside of the crossbar.,1
Pedri has sent on for Trincao in a move that it is likely hoped will lead to Cornella's defence being unlocked.,0
Presa goes into the book after going through the back of Ilaix, who did a good job of protecting the ball there.,2
Puig is shown a yellow card for what appeared to be dissent. It happened while Cornella were preparing to take a corner.,2
RED CARD! Marcos is off! The midfielder reacts angrily to his yellow card and has too much to say to the referee, who quickly pulls out the red and gives him his marching orders for dissent.,3
The yellow card is out once again, and this time it's Ortiz who finds himself on the receiving end for a high challenge on Miranda as the teenager broke forward.,2
Palatsi takes too long with his goal kick as he tries to run down the clock, and he's eventually booked for his antics.,2
Calvo is all over the back of Alena as they battle for the ball, and he's rightly shown a yellow card for pulling the midfielder's shirt from behind.,2
Beltran is almost able to get a shot away after skipping past Semedo, but Brandariz is there to dispossess him before he's able to do so. Barcelona then try to counter-attack through Malcom, but the Brazilian is fouled from behind by Escalante and the Leonesa man is shown a yellow card.,2
Miranda tries to break away after Barcelona win back possession, but he's clattered into by Saul before he can do so and the full-back is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MANE SCORES!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! The Reds are surely on their way into the quarter-finals of the competition as Mane converts at the back post. Liverpool work a neat move down the right flank that sees Origi burst into space from Keita's offload. He hammers a low ball across the face of goal and Mane is in the right place at the right time to stick out a boot and score.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH CONVERTS AT LAST!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!! The Reds notch a crucial strike to extend their advantage in the tie to 3-0 as Salah finds the back of the net. Jota leads a break at the Leipzig defence after latching on to Mane's pass. He cuts an offload back to Salah in space and the Egyptian displays a clinical edge to find the bottom-right corner with his left-footed effort.,1
Palmer-Houlden has been another one of Newport's top performers in this valiant effort, but comes off for Nathan Wood with just seconds to go in south Wales.,0
GOOOAAALLL!!! That'll seal it for United!! McTominay and Garnacho combine through the middle and the latter finds Forson in the box. His off-balance shot is parried well by Townsend, but Hojlund is straight onto the rebound and buries the ball into the bottom corner!! 4-2 to the visitors, and for all the fight put up by Newport throughout this match, clawing back another two-goal deficit at this stage will be too great a task.,1
Shaw also comes off following an industrious performance down that left-hand side, and youngster Willy Kambwala will take the England defender's place for the last few minutes.,0
United make two changes of their own late on, the first seeing Scott McTominay replace the booked Casemiro at the base of their midfield.,0
Wildig also comes off in the Exiles' midfield three, and Kiban Rai will provide some fresh legs for the final 10 or so minutes.,0
Fernandes' effort in the area is blocked and drops for Garnacho, but he loses possession to Charsley on the turn. The Exiles midfielder is immediately caught and taken down by Casemiro though, resulting in the first yellow card of the match for the 31-year-old.,2
Lewis Payne comes on in Newport's first alteration of the match, and he'll replace Lewis out wide for the final 20 or so minutes here.,0
GOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The Red Devils are back in front!! Antony collects a long ball and switches play to Shaw on his left-hand side. The full-back unleashes a curling right-footed effort which cannons back off the far post, dropping straight into Antony's path for the Brazilian to tap it home! United lead 3-2 with little over 20 minutes to go, and Erik ten Hag will be hoping his side can build on that goal to see the game out comfortably.,1
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Mainoo makes it 2-0 to Manchester United! Dalot advances up the right-hand side and dribbles his way into the box, before cutting the ball back to Mainoo on the edge. The youngster strikes a first-time finish with aplomb, squeezing the ball through the crowd and nestling it right in the bottom corner to double his side's lead and give the 12-time champions a comfortable advantage!,1
HAALAND PULLS ONE BACK! The ball from Guerreiro loops over his shoulder and he waits for it to drop before taking it around Neuer. He hits it back across goal and across the line before Alaba has a chance to clear it. 3-2!,1
SANE SCORES! Sane cuts inside after being picked out by Lewandowski and he does well to get a shot away under pressure from Akanji. He beats Burki and slots his effort into the bottom-left corner. 3-1 Bayern!,1
BAYERN LEAD! Lewandowski gets ahead of Akanji in the middle of the box to get on the end of Hernandez's cross and flick it past Burki and into the back of the net. 2-1 Bayern! ,1
Roberto is the fifth Barcelona player to be shown a yellow card - he's blocked off Mayoral as he began a counter-attack.,2
This game is kicking off! Both Barcelona centre-backs are now shown a yellow card, Lenglet going into the book for a foul on Melero.,2
More chopping and changing from Valverde, taking off Arthur for another forward in the young dangerman Fati.,0
Pique is shown a yellow card, sliding in on Campana and taking out the man with a goal and an assist to his name already this game. Pique is perhaps lucky not to be shown a red here.,2
Bardhi was superb against Real Sociedad last weekend - scoring the opener in a 2-1 victory - but he's been quiet today and makes way for Rochina.,0
GOAAAL! LEVANTE EQUALISE! Barcelona are caught out at the back and Campana gets on the end of a loose ball and smashes it past Ter Stegen! Just as Barcelona were starting to take control again! Pique mucks up the initial clearance, Levante get it back into the box and Lenglet let's the ball roll past him, allowing Morales to steal in ahead of him and square for Campana. He hits a right-footed shot into the left of the goal!,1
Bardhi goes into the book for a risky challenge on Roberto. There isn't much contact, but it's reckless and Bardhi is out of control. Free-kick for Barcelona inside the Levante half.,2
Valverde is forced into making an early substitution as Suarez asks to come off, with Perez on to replace him. For now, Messi has taken up a central role, with Griezmann wide.,0
GOAL! 1-0 BARCELONA! No mistake from Messi and he buries his penalty into the top of the net for his fifth league goal of the season.,1
Arthur is shown the first yellow card of the game for fouling Miramon. The card was shown to Suarez initially, but a VAR check determined that there's a case of mistaken identity and it's shown to Arthur instead.,2
Witsel handles the ball in a dangerous area. Leipzig have a free-kick in a good position in the final third.,2
Angelino slides in hard on Morey and goes into the book. There are a lot of hefty challenges going in at the moment.,2
Florenzi looks to chip the ball off Valeri and behind for a corner, which he looks to do effectively, but the linesman points his flag towards Turati for a goal-kick. The full-back erupts into a fury and yells at both the linesman and the match official, who shows him a yellow card.,2
Brescianini won’t get a goal against his former side this time, with the full-back replaced by Reinier in an attacking change for the hosts.,0
ONE TOUCH, ONE GOAL! 3-2 MILAN! The super substitute has once again made an impact in front of goal, occupying Romagnoli during Okafor’s cross before latching on to the loose ball and dispatching a sliding finish past Turati! It’s taken him just under 60 seconds on the pitch, but he’s completely changed the game with nine minutes to go!,1
Seck was a thorn in the Milan defence's side all match but he's taken off with 13 minutes to go without a goal to his name. Valeri is chosen to turn the tides.,0
A FIRST MILAN GOAL FOR GABBIA! 2-2! In his 42nd appearance for the club, the Milan youth product puts his side level with his first strike in Serie A! Milan work a short-corner routine with the ball eventually bouncing to Adli on the left wing. The midfielder hooks a cross to the far post for Giroud, who prods it across the face of goal for Gabbia, who finishes with a spectacular diving header!,1
COMEBACK COMPLETE FOR FROSINONE! 2-1! The hosts play a free-kick in midfield short after Okafor’s handball, with Soule spotting the run of Mazzitelli through the middle. Bennacer tracks the run of the captain but Gabbia doesn’t come across to help, which allows the midfielder to slip his shot past Maignan and into the far corner!,1
Pioli withdraws both players who were shown a yellow card, as Bennacer makes his return from the Africa Cup of Nations to replace Reijnders in midfield.,0
Calabria takes his throw-in towards Pulisic, which prompts Harroui to kick out a leg in an attempt to win the ball. He misses it and instead catches the nose of the Milan winger, which earns the Frosinone winger a yellow card.,2
Reijnders slides into a challenge, catching Seck from behind right under the nose of the referee. It’s a yellow card for the Milan midfielder, which means he’ll miss Milan’s next match - against Napoli.,2
Loftus-Cheek lunges into a rash tackle that catches Gelli from behind, which earns the Milan midfielder a yellow card.,2
BRILLIANT PENALTY! 1-1! Soule steps up confidently and strikes the spot-kick with his left foot, sending it high into the goal. Maignan had gone the right way but he was able to do nothing about it, with the Argentina international putting his effort at the perfect height!,1
CLASSIC GIROUD! 1-0 MILAN! It’s a simple finish for the veteran striker, with Leao teasing a delivery to the far post. With Romagnoli out of position, the France international gets under it and powers his header past a diving Turati from close range!,1
Antony and Acuna say their goodbyes as the former departs. On comes the Uruguayan youngster Pellistri for United.,0
Sevilla make an attacking change, sensing the chance to pull a goal back before the return leg. Suso replaces Nianzou.,0
Acuna's battle with Antony isn't over. The Sevilla left-back's booked for his latest tackle on the Brazilian.,2
Antony gets into a petulant exchange with Acuna once he's fouled by the Sevilla man. He's shown the yellow card.,2
Fernandes becomes United's first booking of the game for blocking Gudelj's long-range shot with his back. The referee thinks it's handball. It shouldn't be a card, and Fernandes protests to no avail. He's right to be unhappy, as he'll now miss the second leg of this tie.,2
Casemiro slides into a challenge with Lamela ansd the Argentine leaves a boot on the United man. It's accidental, but the referee books him.,2
GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 SEVILLA! It's Sabitzer at the double! Nianzou gives the ball away and Sevilla get punished. Martial has the presence of mind to find the Austrian's brilliantly timed run, and the midfielder slots home!,1
GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 SEVILLA! Sabitzer hands United an early lead in this tie! The Austrian latches onto Fernandes' sliderule pass into the box and wastes no time in lashing the ball high past Bono.,1
Montiel's shown the yellow card for throwing the ball away in the aftermath of the free-kick. That's silly from him, as he'll miss the second leg now.,2
A LATE STRIKE MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! Real Madrid work a rapid counter-attack following Alcaraz’s effort on goal, with Vinicius prodding the ball forward down the left wing for the enterprising Nacho, who squares a pass across the face of goal for Joselu to tuck into an empty net!,1
One final attacking substitution for the visitors with six minutes to go sees Alejo take Navarro's spot.,0
Camavinga lasts 80 minutes against Cadiz before he's withdrawn, as Valverde gets an opportunity to stretch his legs.,0
After having a hand in both of Real Madrid's goals, Diaz is given an early rest to allow Vinicius a chance to stretch his legs.,0
TWO MINUTES IS ALL IT TAKES! 2-0! Bellingham starts the passage of play by picking out Modric in the penalty area with an incisive pass, who in turn finds Diaz at the far post. Unselfishly, the scorer of the first goal turns provider, flashing a low cross across the face of goal for Bellingham to tap home just 120 seconds after entering the game!,1
DIAZ BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Modric plays a first-time pass into the feet of Diaz, who turns in the middle of four Cadiz defenders and curls an unstoppable effort into the far corner! It’s a sensational goal from the winger, who manages to get the ball out from under his feet for a shot with impressive speed!,1
Zaldua comes flying across looking to dispossess Diaz, but he catches the forward on the shin, immediately sending him flying to the ground. It’s a yellow card for the Cadiz full-back; the first booking of the game.,2
Thauvin's number also goes up. The winger hasn't really been able to impact the game. Luis Henrique is on for him.,0
Next to leave the pitch is Paredes. It's a wise decision as he's running the risk of getting sent off. Pereira's on for him.,0
PSG make some substitutions. Neymar enters the fray, replacing Icardi. Icardi's been wayward here but still has a goal to his name.,0
Icardi gets a yellow card for that dangerous challenge on Mandanda. He had every right to go for that ball but did go in too full-blooded.,2
Paredes is booked for getting up in the referee's face after that Kamara foul. He's done it a few times now.,2
GOAL! MARSEILLE 0-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Marseille are unlucky to be 2-0 down. Florenzi's cross from the right doesn't look dangerous with Icardi heading away from goal. It hits Icardi's back and loops over Mandanda into the far corner.,1
PSG make an early change then. Di Maria walks off. Thankfully it looks precautionary more than anything else, but it's a shame given his impact on this game given his short time on the pitch. Sarabia replaces him.,0
GOAL! MARSEILLE 0-1 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! That was a lightning counter-attack by PSG! What a start for the visitors! Mbappe shows his immense speed to latch onto Di Maria's throughball, skip over a challenge and beat Mandanda at his near post.,1
Garnacho is denied the chance of an unlikely hat-trick of penalty wins, but he will be delighted with his contributions, turning the contest in United's favour with his direct runs into the box. He is off for Antony, who still has a lot to prove.,0
United make their first change. Mainoo was comfortable in the midfield and won three of his duels, but is now coming off for Amrabat.,0
There is a light round of applause from the home fans around the dugout as Young steps away from the bench to come on. He replaces Garner, who also spent time at the Red Devils.,0
McTominay crashes into the back of Onana and is shown a yellow card. He was desperate to win possession in Everton's half, but he was clumsy.,2
Harrison also makes his way off the pitch at the nearest side. Dobbin is on, with his only Premier League goal coming against Chelsea in a 2-0 win earlier in the season.,0
Dyche has seen enough and has decided to make three changes. Beto has had 24 touches and one shot up front for Everton and is being replaced by Calvert-Lewin. The Englishman has scored three goals in 23 appearances.,0
GOALLLL! RASHFORD SCORES! 2-0 UNITED! Fernandes scored the last penalty but gives this one to Rashford. The England international stutters on his run towards the ball before driving his strike into the bottom-left corner. Pickford commits himself the other way.,1
Amadou Onana is the first player to be shown a yellow card after fouling Garnacho on the edge of the Everton box.,2
GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! DORTMUND 0-3 HOFFENHEIM!! HAT-TRICK FOR KRAMARIC!! Sloppy defending from Dortmund once again as they fail to deal with a loose ball. Bebou plays a simple ball through the heart of the hosts' defence and Kramaric cuts inside Piszczek before tucking through the legs of Burki.,1
Favre has made a double substitution at the interval. Sancho is on for Guerreiro in the first of those changes.,0
Balerdi is booked for a foul on Bebou, or possibly for kicking away the ball in frustration after the whistle was blown.,2
GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! DORTMUND 0-2 HOFFENHEIM!! Kramaric doubles his personal tally for the day to give the visitors a two-goal lead! Skov collects Bebou's pass and gets a shot away. The effort is not on target but Kramaric is stood in an onside position in front of goal and helps it on its way past Burki.,1
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! DORTMUND 0-1 HOFFENHEIM!! Dortmund may have started the match well, but they find themselves a goal down inside eight minutes. Kaderabek is slipped in down the right and pulls the ball back for Kramaric, who sends a first-time shot spinning away from Burki from 20 yards.,1
Silva's first touch is heavy, and in an attempt to make up for it, he slides in on Caicedo, catching him on the ankle. He's the first City player to go into the referee's book.,2
RODRI EQUALISES! It's been coming for City! Silva chips a cross out to Walker on the right of the box, and he meets it on the volley, putting his laces through the shot. Colwill blocks it, but the ball falls straight to Rodri's feet, and he pokes it back towards goal. Petrovic looked to have it covered, but a deflection off Disasi's thigh took it over the keeper and into the roof of the net. 1-1!,1
Chelsea second change sees the other former City player, Palmer, slowly make his way off the field. Pochettino is bolstering his defence by bringing on Chalobah.,0
There are changes for both sides here, starting with Chelsea. The goalscorer, Sterling, is taken off, with Nkunku on in his place.,0
STERLING SCORES! Chelsea break quickly on the counter-attack after smothering City's latest attack, and Gusto slides it down the right for Jackson. He stays onside and squares it to Sterling, who cuts inside to leave Akanji on the floor before curling his shot around Ederson and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
Caicedo is the wrong side of De Bruyne when he tries to cut him off, and he takes out the Belgian's standing leg. He's protesting his innocence, but that was always going to be a booking.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HAT-TRICK FOR SALAH!!! LIVERPOOL HAVE FOUR!!! Salah notches his third goal of the afternoon compounding the misery for Cook and Bournemouth. The forward latches on to Lallana's flick over the top and beats Cook for pace. There's still work to do as he rounds Begovic. Salah does push the ball slightly too far to the left, but he recovers and beats Begovic for a second time before poking his effort past Ake and Cook on the line. A clinical finish.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!! LIVERPOOL 2-0!!! A mistake by Cook allows the Reds to double their advantage. The Bournemouth defender misplaces a pass and it allows Firmino to release Salah, who surges towards the edge of the box. Cook tries to clip his ankles, but the forward maintains his balance. He strikes with his left foot and although it's not clean contact, the ball travels between the legs of Ake and into the back of the net. A fine finish from the Egyptian.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH CONVERTS ON THE REBOUND!!! LIVERPOOL 1-0!!! The Reds get the breakthrough as Salah pounces on a rebound and dispatches his effort into the net from close range. Firmino was afforded space and time to fire at goal from distance. Begovic made the stop, although he palmed the ball out into the middle of the box. Salah was the first to react and he guided his effort past the Bournemouth keeper, although there was a hint of offside.,1
Klopp is trying to run down the clock a little now with his final change as Gomez comes on to replace Salah.,0
The yellow card is out again and is shown to Milner this time after he slid into a challenge on Zouma.,2
Once again, Chelsea feel they should've had a free-kick that they didn't get and Kovacic has talked himself into a booking.,2
Klopp makes his first change of the game following Chelsea's goal and it's Milner that comes on in place of Mane. ,0
GREAT GOAL FROM KANTE! He turns past Fabinho wonderfully and then isn't closed down as he makes the run to the edge of the box and sets himself for the shot. He fires his effort past Adrian and into the top right corner. 2-1!,1
Christensen is in a lot of pain as he's helped down the tunnel by the medical team and Lampard brings on Zouma to replace him.,0
FIRMINO SCORES! Minutes after Chelsea have a goal ruled out, Liverpool double their lead! A free-kick on the left is crossed brilliantly into the box by Robertson and Firmino rises higher than anyone else to get his head on it and send his effort past Kepa. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
Tomori is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Henderson as he slid in to try and win the ball.,2
ALEXANDER-ARNOLD PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD! The away side have a free-kick on the edge of the box which Salah just drags backwards into the right-back's path. Alexander-Arnold runs onto it and fires his effort straight into the top right corner. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
HE'S OFF!!! Busquets loses out to Falcao on the edge of the Barca box, and catches the Rayo striker with an elbow and is shown a second yellow card!!! In what's been a massively frustrating match for Barca, things get even worse as their captain heads down the tunnel!,3
Barca flood forward in numbers, with Lewandowski leading the charge, but he's pulled back by Ciss in the most tactical of tactical fouls, and the Rayo midfielder is penalised and booked.,2
Alba is the next off for Barca, and in his place are attacking reinforcements in the form of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.,0
Palazon is down in the Barca box having picked up a muscle injury, and Salvi Sanchez will come on in the Rayo winger's place.,0
Busquets is all over Trejo as the Rayo captain looks to advance over halfway, and his pulling back of the Argentinian sees him booked by the referee.,2
Barca make another change, with Pedri coming off for Franck Kessie to make his debut for the Blaugrana.,0
Busquets is again in the thick of things, being caught late by Falcao and winning a free-kick in a good position for Barca. Falcao is booked for the foul.,2
Rayo also make some alterations, with Camello replaced by one Radamel Falcao up front for the visitors.,0
Raphinha's threatened significantly in his first Barcelona outing, but he's withdrawn now for Ansu Fati.,0
Lewandowski steals the ball off Lejeune and looks to race down the left wing, but Lejeune pulls him back by his shirt, and is penalised and yellow carded by the referee!,2
Catena catches Lewandowski late and shoves the Barca forward to the ground, warranting a free-kick and yellow card from the referee.,2
Pedri looks to turn and spark a Barcelona break, but Trejo's all over him and brings him down cynically to say the least. The Rayo captain is shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Dembele barges into Ciss and up-ends the Rayo midfielder inside his own box, with the unnecessary challenge warranting a yellow card from the referee.,2
PEREIRA!!! IT'S 5-0! And it's an error from Schlager! Following a quickly taken free-kick, Pereira tries his luck from distance and hits the jackpot as the LASK goalkeeper can only help the ball over the line.,1
GREENWOOD MAKES IT 4-0!!! United hit LASK on the counter as Chong picks out Greenwood with a terrific pass. The forward darts into the area before drilling a low shot past Schlager at his near post.,1
United make their final change as Mason Greenwood is introduced for the last five minutes. Ighalo makes way.,0
MATA!!! 3-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! Fred demonstrates terrific vision before executing a wonderful through ball for the Spaniard, who sets himself before calmly slotting past Schlager.,1
United also turn to the bench. Fernandes is given a well-earned rest as he is replaced by Andreas Pereira.,0
JAMES MAKES IT 2-0!!! United double their lead as Ighalo feeds a neat through ball to the Wales international, who cuts inside before drilling a low shot into the bottom corner.,1
Trauner is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Ighalo with his arm. It was unintentional but enough for the referee to reach for his notebook.,2
IGHALO!!! 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! What a finish! Good persistence sees the ball break kindly for Fernandes, who demonstrates good awareness to pick out Ighalo on the edge of the box. The Nigerian neatly juggles the ball to set himself, before firing a ferocious left-footed strike home off the underside of the crossbar.,1
IT'S SEVEN! GREALISH SCORES! He's put through on goal down that left channel yet again, and he has all the time in the world to stroke it past Adrian.,1
Firmino off, Milner on. Grealish has today become the first Villa player to assist three goals in a Premier League match since Milner back in 2010.,0
GOAL! Salah has his second, it's 5-2! Firmino finds him at the edge of the area and he takes one touch before firing into the bottom-right corner with his left foot. ,1
GOOOALLL! FIVE! BARKLEY! He's gone close more than once tonight and he gets his reward for some hard work in this game. He hits a left-footed effort from the edge of the area and it deflects again, spinning up off Alexander-Arnold's boot and into the top-right corner.,1
GOOALLL! It's FOUR, Watkins with a hat-trick! Wow! Liverpool are absolutely all over the place from a deep free kick. It comes to Trezeguet in acres of space on the left and he puts in a simple cross. Watkins is one of three players who could turn it in for Villa and he heads home with aplomb.,1
Barkley baits Van Dijk into a yellow card. He tries to burst in behind yet again and though he over-runs it a little, he touches it beyond the defender and draws a foul.,2
GOOALLL! It's 3-1, McGinn via a deflection! He hits a low left-footed volley as a corner is cleared to him at the edge of the area, and the ball deflects off the shin of Van Dijk and past a wrong-footed Adrian.,1
GOOOALL! Moments after Barkley misses, Salah scores and Liverpool have it back to 2-1! Jota brings the ball in from the left, Keita spins in the area to feed it on to Salah, and he thrashes it into the roof of the net. Game on!,1
GOOOALLL! Villa lead 1-0, Watkins scores his first Premier League goal after a horrible mistake from Adrian! He takes an age to control a pass from Robertson then sells Gomez dreadfully short. Grealish picks up the loose ball and squares it for Watkins to sidefoot home.,1
A second Everton change sees Lookman replace Bernard for the final minutes - this one more a tactic for the Toffees to wind down the clock.,0
Still time for Arsenal but it's Everton who are asking all the questions. The Toffees have a corner on the end of yet another threatening break, but the Gunners are adamant that it should be a goal kick, and their protests fall upon deaf ears. In fact, Monreal is booked for dissent at the end of it all.,2
Very cynical from Mustafi who knows he's beaten by Calvert-Lewin and shows no restraint in impeding the striker's run as he sends him flying to ground up against the touchline. It's an obvious yellow for the centre-half.,2
A first change of the afternoon for Everton sees Walcott come on in place of Richarlison, and the ex-Arsenal player receives a loud ovation from both sets of supporters.,0
Ozil hands the captain's armband to Ramsey as he makes his way off, replaced by Iwobi for the final 15 minutes.,0
Gomes sees yellow and that seemed inevitable as he's finally penalised for what is more an accumulation of fouls than anything else.,2
Two changes at the break for Arsenal, the first of which is an attacking change in midfield as Ramsey comes on for Elneny.,0
Aubameyang is also on to join Lacazette in attack, replacing Kolasinac. A signal of inent from Emery.,0
It's yellow for Sokratis after a moment of deliberation from the referee. That was incredibly cynical from the Arsenal centre-half, but definitely not enough to warrant red.,2
Late Leicester substitution now, with Vardy coming off the pitch with a knock and he has been replaced up top by Iheanacho.,0
Another booking now, this time it is shown to Winks, after he stops Maddison in his tracks as he looks to turn and set up another Leicester attack.,2
Dier is booked after he fouls Barnes and then argues the decision with the referee and he may have been booked for dissent, rather than the challenge itself.,2
Ndidi is booked for his late challenge on Bale, handing Spurs a free-kick in a decent shooting position.,2
Third and final Tottenham substitution now, with Aurier heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Winks.,0
Leicester make their first substitution of the game now, with Castagne coming off and he has been replaced by Amartey.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Leicester lead 1-0! Vardy converts from the penalty spot, he smashes the ball straight down the middle. What a finish to the end of the first half for Leicester.,1
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Albrighton after he tries to stop a Spurs counter, by catching Kane. The referee allowed play to continue, with Tottenham going on the attack, but he then came back and booked the Leicester man.,2
Bayern make their second change of the game as Rodriguez comes off and is replaced by Martinez. The Colombian has been absolutely superb today.,0
The hosts make their first substitution as Ribery comes on to replace Coman. The Frenchman has caused Caligiuri problems all game.,0
GOAL! Gnabry makes it three! Coman easily gets the better of Caligiuri down the left-hand side before picking out Lewandowski in the box. The Polish striker’s attempted bicycle-kick towards goal is nodded into the bottom left corner of the net by Gnabry. 3-1.,1
Lewandowski receives a yellow card after going in late on Caligiuri down the right-hand side of the field.,2
GOAL! Schalke are level! McKennie picked the ball up in the middle of the park and slid the ball through to his right for Kutucu. The Schalke forward kept his cool and slotted the ball into the bottom left corner and beyond Ulreich following a fast counter-attack. 1-1.,1
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLL! JUVENTUS HIT BACK IMMEDIATELY AND THAT IS SURELY GAME OVER! Against all the odds, the Bianconeri strike back straight away and take a 2-1 lead with just two minutes remaining. Allegri’s visitors look assured in possession before Rabiot makes it to the byline and delivers a low right-footed centre towards the penalty spot. Gatti, for some reason up from centre-back, miscues a first right-footed effort before a loose ball falls kindly back to him. The Juventus defender makes no mistake with this one, rifling another right-footed attempt into the roof of the net!,1
GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLLL! MONZA EQUALISE AT THE DEATH! A cruel blow for the Bianconeri, who concede from the hosts’ first shot on target in the game. Valentin Carboni receives possession just inside the Juve half, cutting inside from the right flank before clipping a left-footed cross towards the far post. Mota comes in and looks to touch it but misses the ball, although Szczesny cannot react quick enough as Carboni’s delivery finds the bottom-left corner. There is a VAR check for offside against Mota, but the goal stands and it is 1-1 at U-Power Stadium!,1
Allegri continues to shuffle his pack. Locatelli comes on for the industrious Cambiaso, who won the first-half penalty after Kyriakopoulos’ needless pull inside the Monza area.,0
Milik is perhaps a bit too aggressive in his sliding challenge on Pereira, winning the ball but also taking a lot of the man. The Juventus substitute goes into the referee's book for his poorly timed tackle.,2
Colpani, reportedly a target for Juve's fellow Scudetto contenders Inter, is brought off for Valentin Carboni. He is no relation to Andrea Carboni, however, but his brother Franco is also on the bench.,0
After missing his first-half penalty, Vlahovic will remain without a goal against Monza in Serie A. The Serbia striker trudges off for Milik to take his place up top.,0
Kyriakopoulos, who was booked after conceding a first-half penalty that Vlahovic saw saved by Di Gregorio, is also brought off for Pereira. That may see Monza change to a back-four formation, with Caldirola and D'Ambrosio as the centre-backs.,0
Another signal of attacking intent, Colombo comes on for Birinidelli, which will likely mean Ciurria moves from striker to right wing-back. Versatile!,0
Palladino wastes no time to make his changes. Monza make a double substitution at the break, the first of which sees Mota replace Machin.,0
Kyriakopoulos dances around Bremer before being felled by a lunge near the right-hand touchline. The Juventus centre-back goes into the referee's book for that late challenge.,2
GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-0 JUVENTUS! The Bianconeri strike immediately from the corner after Vlahovic’s penalty is saved! Nicolussi delivers a delightful set-piece from the right flank, picking out the head of Rabiot. The France international makes no mistake, unlike Vlahovic, as he powers a thumping header into the roof of the net. In contrast to just a minute ago, Di Gregorio has no chance and the visitors take the lead!,1
It is poor defending from Kyriakopoulos. The Monza wing-back stalls when defending the cross, focusing more on Cambiaso before needlessly pulling his opposite man to the floor. The hosts' defender is shown a yellow card to add to his woes after the penalty decision.,2
FANTASTIC FOOTBALL! 4-1! Casemiro sprays a long pass over the top of the defence for the run of Carvajal, who gets on the end of the pass in space. The right-back drives forward into the penalty area before cutting it back to Asensio, whose first-time effort beats Remiro!,1
NO DOUBT! 3-1 REAL MADRID! Benzema steps up and lashes his penalty into the right corner of the goal - sending Remiro the wrong way. The France international finally has his goal after putting the ball in the net twice to no avail!,1
Zubimendi is on for former Real Madrid midfielder Illarramendi as Real Sociedad continue to search for a solution from the bench.,0
Zaldua's mistimed challenge on Casemiro gets him in trouble with the referee - who shows the Real Sociedad player a yellow card.,2
NO DOUBT ABOUT THAT ONE! 2-1 REAL MADRID! Benzema and Carvajal work a short-corner routine, with the striker finding Modric 25 yards from goal. The Croatia international cuts inside and hammers a shot that evades the outstretched palm of Remiro!,1
GOAL! 1-0 REAL SOCIEDAD! Oyarzabal steps up and with a hop, a skip and a jump - the winger dispatches his penalty low into the bottom corner, putting it just beyond the outstretched arm of Courtois.,1
Burn picks up a booking now which the Brighton man protests for his challenge, allowing Chelsea to make their changes.,2
GOAL! ADAM WEBSTER LEVELS FOR BRIGHTON! 1-1! It's arrow-straight for the Seagulls man, with a superb free header! He runs unmarked in from the back, around the defence, and buries it past Kepa to put his side back in the hunt!,1
GOAL! HAKIM ZIYECH NETS A CORKER FOR CHELSEA! 1-0! What a wonderful goal from the Blues - and the goalscorer seems almost as surprised as Robert Sanchez that it goes in! He plays a one-two with Kante, and sizes it up after a back-pass just outside the right of the box. It sails towards the bottom corner and just nestles in off the goalkeeper's glove. The visitors strike first!,1
Sanchez is pick-pocketed at the base of midfield by Neves, who neatly lays it off. Bonatini passes to an onrushing Traore and the substitute fires it in at the near post! West Ham are facing four straight defeats!,1
Jota is replaced on Wolves' right wing by Adama Traoré, no doubt with a view to tormenting Cresswell even more.,0
It turns out that West Ham have responded over the break, as Snodgrass has been replaced by Yarmolenko.,0
Fredericks is booked for a hefty challenge on Jota, who'd just turned and started going off on a run through midfield.,2
Tempers boiling over! An absolutely exquisite piece of defending from De Ligt sees him snuff out the run of Gnabry and then impressively start his side forward, before being caught by a late challenge from the substitute. Blind takes exception and comes over to his aid, with Onana needing to calm him down. Gnabry sees yellow for the challenge.,2
Perhaps sensing a bit of an opportunity to claim maximum points here, Ten Hag brings on Dolberg for Ajax. The striker will of course play up top, replacing Neres, with Tadic moving out wide.,0
A bit of frustration setting in for Bayern, and James specifically, who commits a foul and then drop-kicks the ball away in frustration. He will be booked as a result.,2
A second change for Bayern sees Gnabry come on for Ribery. Two new wingers on for the hosts now as both Ribery and Robben have been withdrawn.,0
Blind catches Muller late with a challenge near the halfway line, and that will see the defender, turned midfielder tonight, into the book.,2
Ajax break threateningly following a Bayern corner, and a sumptuous bit of skill from Ziyech results in a dangerous foul from Martinez, which prompts a gathering of angry Ajax players who come to their team-mate's aid. The referee initially looked as though he wasn't going to award further discipline, but after a bit of contemplation he shows the midfielder a yellow card.,2
AJAX HAVE PULLED IT LEVEL! 1-1! Well it was looking bleak for them following that early Bayern goal, but they've responded really well over the last 10 minutes and have their just reward! Mazraoui bursts forward from right-back, playing a delightful one-two with Tadic, before guiding a delicious finish beyond the reach of Neuer with his weaker left foot!,1
Ribery looks to break quickly following an Ajax corner and Van de Beek takes one for the team, tugging on the shirt of the Frenchman to prevent a counter. It's a professional foul, but also a clear yellow card.,2
THAT DIDN'T TAKE LONG! Bayern lead 1-0! Some poor defending from Ajax as no one marks the run of Hummels towards the back post, allowing the defender to latch onto Robben's perfect cross and head home from close range!,1
Balerdi made his Bundesliga debut at the weekend, and now he's on for his European debut. Hakimi the man replaced.,0
Second yellow card for Weigl, he's off! He catches Soucek late and gives the referee no other option!,3
GOAL! Right on cue, Brandt puts Dortmund 2-1 up! It's simple stuff - Sancho finds a pocket of space on the left wing, he plays it into Brandt who lashes a left-footed shot in between Kolar and his near post.,1
GOAL! It's 1-1, Soucek levels things up! Slavia put together a really excellent move down the right. As the ball comes in from Masopust, Skoda chests it down and while he can't keep it fully under control, Soucek is there to swipe it home. Great goal. There is a VAR check both for offside and to check for a potential handball on Skoda, but the goal was a fair one.,1
Boril is booked for a foul on Hakimi, and he isn't at all happy about it. There wasn't a lot of contact, and Hakimi stayed down for a long while.,2
GOAL! Sancho scores, 1-0 Dortmund! It's a lovely move from the home side. Akanji lays the ball off for Brandt in midfield, and the German plays a beautiful side-footed pass in behind for Reus, breaking in behind down the right channel. He squares it to the accompanying Sancho for a tap-in at the back post.,1
Lerma heads off in Palace's latest change, and young prospect David Ozoh will make a late appearance from the bench in the Colombian's place.,0
Joelinton's industrious performance has gone under the radar for Newcastle, as Elliot Anderson replaces the Brazilian for the final 10 minutes of this game.,0
Four goals to the good, Newcastle now make their four first changes of the game. Tino Livramento is introduced at right-back, taking the place of the consistently brilliant Trippier.,0
Palace's first substitution of the contest sees the booked Mateta withdrawn, and Jesurun Rak-Sakyi enters the fray in a change which will likely see Edouard move into the central striking position.,0
A heavy touch from Mitchell sees Trippier get to the ball a fraction ahead of the Palace man, who can't stop in time as he clatters the right-back! Both get back to their feet following their latest of several meetings, and the Eagles left-back is shown a yellow card.,2
A late challenge from Edouard on Trippier isn't received at all well by the Newcastle right-back, and after a slight escalation involving several players, Trippier is shown a yellow card for his reaction.,2
GOOOOAAAALL!!! Newcastle double their lead!! Schar comes forward once more and finds Wilson, who has dropped deep into midfield. He turns to open up space for Murphy down the right, and his cross into the area is inch-perfect for an arriving Gordon to fire home at the far post! A beautifully-worked goal for the Magpies, who lead 2-0 in the shadow of half-time!,1
Palace look to take a quick throw-in with Longstaff out of position, but the midfielder prevents Mitchell from doing so and is shown a textbook yellow card by the referee.,2
A late Mateta challenge leaves Guimaraes down receiving treatment, and the Palace striker is shown the game's first yellow card as a result.,2
GOOOAAAALL!!! It's given!!! The VAR replays show that Trippier was not stood beyond the last man, and as such, that ambitious attempt from Murphy makes it 1-0 at St. James'! Palace were totally caught out at the back by Newcastle's right-side pairing, and with less than five minutes gone the Magpies are in front!,1
Josete Miranda is on for Unai with Getafe's latest change. We're going to have four added minutes of magic.,0
Cucurella sees yellow now for a pull on Isco, as the Madrid man - a clutch player if there ever was such a thing out there this evening - looks to break.,2
Angel is possibly lucky to not get a red card there. Pushing deep on the left wing, he gets into a tussle for the ball with Blanco and promptly elbows him in the face. It'll just be a yellow.,2
That's a cynical challenge on Arambarri from Vinicius and the latter is shown a yellow card for his efforts in hacking down the former on the break. Getafe are going to get a set-piece chance from just over 30 yards out in the central channel.,2
GOAAAL! ERIKSEN MAKES IT 2-0! Eriksen is in the right place at the right time as the ball drops to him just outside the six-yard box. He adjusts his body position and swings his left foot at the ball, firing it past Guaita. ,1
GOAAAAL! SON PUTS SPURS AHEAD! Son dribbles along the edge of the area, setting himself up for a left-footed shot. A huge deflection wrong-footed Guaita and sent the ball into the bottom-right corner. ,1
Alli loses control of the ball in Palace's half and runs into a challenge with Milivojevic. The England international catches the Palace man and is shown a yellow card. ,2
Nzola follows Morata into the book for the same offence - accidentally elbowing De Ligt in the face in his case.,2
Morata is booked as he inadvertently catches Nikolaou in the face with his arm as he looked to spin away.,2
Nikolaou wrestles Kulusevski to the ground as the Juventus substitute looked to lead a counter-attack down the right and the Spezia defender is booked as a result.,2
Chiesa is applauded by the away fans as Allegri brings him off, with Kulusevski coming on in his place out wide.,0
Motta makes a triple-substitution as he looks to salvage something from the contest. Verde is the first man to go off, with Manaj replacing him.,0
GOAL!!! DE LIGT PUTS JUVENTUS BACK IN FRONT!!! Dybala's left-wing corner is flicked on by Alex Sandro and Nikolaou can't clear his lines, with the ball falling for De Ligt in the box, who lashes into the bottom-right corner! It's 3-2 to Juventus!,1
Allegri looks to capitalise on the momentum generated by that equaliser and replaces Rabiot with Bernardeschi out wide.,0
GOAL!!! CHIESA LEVELS THE SCORES!!! Verde gives the ball away cheaply trying to dribble out of the corner and Chiesa robs him before driving into the box and finding Morata. The striker is crowded out but the ball breaks for Chiesa, who nutmegs Hristov and squeezes in behind before firing the ball past Zoet! It's 2-2 now!,1
GOAL!!! ANTISTE PUTS SPEZIA AHEAD!!! Maggiore pumps it into the left channel as Juventus are caught upfield and Antiste races into the box before cutting inside and then lashing a low effort into the bottom-left corner via a slight deflection! It's 2-1 to Spezia!,1
Allegri makes two changes at the break as he looks for a better performance in the second half. De Sciglio is the first to be withdrawn, with Alex Sandro replacing him at left-back.,0
GOAL!!! GYASI EQUALISES FOR SPEZIA!!! It's a superb goal from Gyasi, who cuts into the box from the left and lashes a fierce, dipping effort across goal that flies over Szczesny and dips into the top-right corner! It's 1-1 now!,1
Mahrez takes one for the team as he pulls back Murphy, who was threatening to embark on a dangerous run down the right wing. He has no complaints as he is shown a yellow card.,2
Guardiola turns to the bench and Aguero is given a rest as he goes off to be replaced by Raheem Sterling.,0
A groin injury leaves Lee unable to continue in this game. He is replaced by Alex Hunt, who comes on for only his second senior appearance.,0
Wednesday turn straight to the bench and top scorer Steven Fletcher is introduced with Forestieri making way.,0
CITY LEAD!!! AGUERO MAKES IT 1-0! It had been coming! City's relentlessness eventually pays dividends. Aguero is superbly picked out by Mendy in the box. The Argentine turns and shoots, and Wildsmith is unable to keep out his powerful strike.,1
Palmer is shown the first yellow card of the game, but can count himself unlucky. The full-back accidentally handles as he tumbles to the ground while challenging Mahrez. The home fans are far from impressed with that call.,2
Another red card is shown, this time to Castillejo who appears to be making comments towards the referee from the Milan bench. The match official has already sent Saponara off for something similar, and he has no hesitations to do it again. ,3
Bonaventura is replaced by Conti, which is done to fill the void left in defence by the expelled Calabria. ,0
CALABRIA IS SENT OFF! The Milan right-back mishits a pass, which allows Kouame to get forward on a counter-attack. Instinctively, Calabria pulls the striker back, but he had already been booked, which leaves the referee no choice but to send him off! Milan are now down to 10 men as well!,3
Genoa make a change in attack as they continue to chase a result. Pinamonti is removed in favour of Favilli. ,0
Lerager slides into a crunching tackle on Paqueta and catches him, forcing the referee to award the Genoa player a yellow card. ,2
KESSIE MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT! The review was certainly dragged out, and Kessie was made to wait even longer as the referee made sure to have a word with the goalkeeper about where his feet are placed, but the Milan midfielder sends his strike perfectly into the bottom-right corner! 2-1 Milan! ,1
THE PENALTY IS AWARDED BUT THERE’S MORE DRAMA! The referee comes away from the review and points towards the penalty spot because of the handball on Biraschi, but he is also shown a yellow card for stopping a goal-scoring opportunity! The man who replaced Criscito in the first half is sent off! ,3
HERNANDEZ MAKES IT 1-1! Bonaventura gets dragged to the turf in the Genoa half, and Paqueta has the presence of mind to take the free-kick quickly to Hernandez, who made his way up the pitch in support. The left-back cuts into the penalty area and manages to lift it past Radu despite an extremely narrow angle at the near post! ,1
Saponara is shown a red card after yelling at the referee from the substitute’s bench following a suspected head injury sustained by a Genoa player. Saponara - the former Milan midfielder - will not be eligible to come on as a substitute; which could prove an issue should Milan find themselves back in the game.,3
Calabria is shown a yellow card for a slightly reckless dive into Radovanovic while attempting to win the ball. ,2
SCHONE MAKES IT 1-0 GENOA! A free-kick from an extremely long way out is no problem for the former Ajax dead-ball specialist as he drives his effort towards goal - taking all of the spin off of the ball. Reina drops to one knee to parry it, but the trajectory of the ball takes it right past the goalkeeper and into the net!,1
Genoa go into a number of sliding challenges on the edge of their own penalty area as Hernandez and Piatek come forward to build an attack. The referee pulls back play and shows Zapata a yellow for his tackle - which gives Milan a free-kick in a wonderful position to strike at goal.,2
BAMFORD SCORES! Raphinha's cross is blocked by Mee, but he only gets it as far as Shackleton, who fizzes a dangerous ball back into the six-yard box. It was heading wide until Bamford stuck out a leg and turned it in from very close range. 1-1! ,1
It looks like Struijk just slips as he goes to tackle Vydra, but the ball is long gone and he brings the player down which results in a yellow card.,2
WOOD SCORES! Leeds just don't get their lines clear and Burnley recycle it with Westwood swinging another cross into the box. Lowton drills a low shot on goal but Wood is standing just in front of Meslier and taps it in from close range. 1-0 Burnley!,1
Rodrigo clips the back of Taylor's heels in his attempts to stop his run and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Mee slid in late and caught Bamford with his studs in an attempt to stop his run and is shown a yellow card.,2
Phillips has made a couple of fouls now and he's just stepped across Barnes, getting nowhere near the ball. He picks up a yellow card.,2
It was a rash challenge from Barnes as he lunged in with a high foot on Dallas as they both went for the bouncing ball. They both gingerly get back to their feet and the forward is booked.,2
Raphinha flicks the ball onto Bamford and Brownhill lunges in to stop him from reaching it. He brings the forward down and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2
GOAL! SUPER SIX FOR ASTON VILLA! 6-1! Douglas Luiz caps off a memorable win for the hosts after Watkins sees his chance for a fourth saved by Steele. His team-mate is there to seize on the follow-up though, and guides it into the back of the net!,1
Fati and Konsa come together after a challenge now, and it is a yellow card for the Brighton man. He appeared to drop a knee into his opponent’s lower back.,2
GOAL! ASTON VILLA RESTORE A THREE-GOAL LEAD! 4-1! It’s the hat-trick for Watkins, and what a strike to seal it with too! He makes the initial break, and plays an excellent one-two with McGinn, but it is the finish, lofted off his left foot with a nice deflection to beat Steele at the right post.,1
GOAL! BRIGHTON CLAW ONE BACK! 3-1! It’s a first Premier League goal for Fati, as the substitute makes an instant impact! A fast free-kick from Pedro sends Aston Villa scrambling at the back, and a botched clearance goes straight to the Barcelona loanee at the right post for an easy finish!,1
GOAL! ASTON VILLA DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! It’s a brace for Watkins, as the hosts turn defence into attack and torment Brighton with a sensational counter. Diaby releases him down the left flank, where the striker turns his markers inside out and tucks a finish home at the near post!,1
GOAL! ASTON VILLA SEIZE THE LEAD! 1-0! Watkins carves open Brighton at close-range and the hosts are on top! McGinn does clever work in the middle, slides Cash down the right flank into the box and then the latter squares for the striker to tap in six yards out.,1
The first booking of the game goes to Douglas Luiz after he brings Gilmour down in cynical fashion following a Brighton break.,2
Xavi makes an alteration in the middle of the park, with Pedri making way. Romeu slots into midfield.,0
GOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-0 BARCELONA! Fort picks out Roberto between the lines and he drives into the penalty area, bursting past the challenges of the Almeria defence. He arrives in the box and pulls it back to Fermin, and he sends a first-time strike into the bottom corner, leaving Maximiano with no chance!,1
GOOOOAAAAAALLL!! 1-0 BARCELONA!! Martinez fires the ball out wide to Fort, and he cuts inside onto his right foot before sending a dangerous cross to the back post. Fermin arrives unmarked from just a few yards out, and he powers a header into the back of the net!,1
Camp Nou rises to salute Busquets, the midfield metronome who has won 32 trophies during his remarkable spell with Barca. He embraces former partner Xavi on the touchline as Garcia takes his place.,0
Torres comes on for Barcelona, as the lively Dembele makes way. That will be the first of a double switch, with Busquets about to get a huge ovation.,0
And there's an emotional farewell for Alba. The left-back is in tears as he is serenaded by a capacity crowd at this famous old venue. He has been an outstanding servant during a decorated 11-year spell with Barca, but his final home outing is over as Alonso comes on.,0
RED CARD! MALLORCA DOWN TO 10! The referee watches Ndiaye's tackle back, and it was certainly a dangerous one, scything Balde down close to knee height. His yellow card is upgraded to a red, and the visitors have a mountain to climb now!,3
Soyunuc is booked after he catches Grealish late, with the Man City man just getting to the ball ahead of the Leicester defender.,2
Here comes a double substitution by Leicester, with Barnes the first to come off and he has been replaced by Lookman.,0
Man City make their first substitution following the goal, with Torres coming off and he has been replaced by Sterling.,0
Leicester make their first change of the game and it's a straight swap at centre-back, with Vestergaard heading off and on comes Evans.,0
Laporte is booked after he clatters into the back of Vardy just inside the Leicester half of the pitch.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Rodri, after he loses control of the ball and catches Tielemans late as he tries to win it back. It now looks like the Leicester midfielder may have an issue.,2
City's final change sees De Bruyne taken off, with Phillips on in his place for the last few minutes.,0
Arsenal were ready to make this double change before the goal, and have their chance now. Tomiyasu is the first to go off, with White on for him.,0
HAALAND SCORES! Gundogan feeds the ball into the box and De Bruyne gets between Zinchenko and Saliba to get on the end of it. His first thought is to pull it back to Haaland, who keeps his shot low and fires it into the far corner, past the wrongfooted Ramsdale. 3-1 City!,1
Grealish went down in need of treatment, and City aren't going to take any chances. He goes off, with Foden on in his place.,0
Nketiah stretches to try and reach the ball but catches Dias instead. The City players surround the referee, who was already going to his pocket for the yellow card.,2
Grealish can't believe that he hasn't been given a corner, and he talks himself into a booking with his reaction.,2
Silva clatters into Saka for the fourth time in this game. He's protesting his innocence, but that yellow card has been coming for some time.,2
SAKA SCORES! He had to wait a long time to take it, but it didn't faze him! Ederson was trying to put him off and was pointing to his right, which is exactly where Saka puts it. He curls it low into the bottom corner, while the Brazilian dives the other way. 1-1!,1
Once more, Ederson is dawdling over a goal-kick before he decides to leave it for Dias. He is now booked for time-wasting.,2
Walker was waiting to be called back onto the pitch when it looked like a throw-in would go Arsenal's way. He came back on to stop that from happening and gets booked for returning before he was told.,2
DE BRUYNE SCORES! But it's a moment to forget for Tomiyasu! Ederson went long over the top and it's nodded down by Saliba. Tomiyasu holds off Grealish before playing a blind backpass to Ramsdale, and he didn't get enough on it. De Bruyne is alert and sweeps it over the keeper first time and it curls into the back of the empty net. 1-0 City!,1
Kudela is the next player to receive a yellow card following his foul on Messi near the halfway line.,2
Barcelona make their third switch of the game as Rakitic is brought on to replace Busquets in midfield.,0
Stanciu is shown a yellow card for his challenge and Barcelona now have a free-kick on the edge of the box.,2
Semedo is shown a yellow card by the referee for tugging back Semedo just outside the right-hand side of the box.,2
Olayinka is shown Slavia Prague's first yellow card for tripping over Semedo in a dangerous position on the right flank.,2
Pique is shown the first yellow card of the match after tugging back Olayinka near Slavia Prague's left flank.,2
EIBAR MAKE IT 2-0 IN THE CLOSING STAGES! A corner for the hosts is nodded out of the penalty area by Savic, who only puts it onto the edge of the 18 for Exposito. The midfielder manages settles the ball down and calmly rolls it into the corner of the goal!,1
Burgos brings Morata down in midfield, as the goal-scorer attempts to slow the pace of the Atleti striker. The visitors look best on the counter-attack, so it’s a yellow card the centre-back is willing to take.,2
EIBAR HAVE A GOAL SCORED AFTER VAR! 1-0! Leon whips a corner-kick to the near post, where Enrich meets it to flick it on with his head. Burgos waits at the other side of the six-yard box and smashes it past the goalkeeper! After a brief check for offside, the goal is allowed to stand!,1
GOAL! 5-0! Sane gets in on the act as City extend their lead further! He is left with far too much room inside the box and Mendy's low cross is directed home. Five goals, five different scorers for Guardiola's side.,1
GOAL! 4-0! City get their fourth and it is another fantastic strike from distance! The hosts carve their way through Burnley and Mahrez turns on the edge of the area to shift the ball onto his left foot before curling beyond the reach of Hart.,1
Sane commits a very poor challenge on Lowton, who is understandably furious, and picks up a deserved booking.,2
Third and final change for City sees academy graduate Foden earn a late cameo as he takes the place of David Silva.,0
With a comfortable lead, Guardiola chooses to bring De Bruyne off the bench to make his return from injury after missing the last 10 in all competitions. Bernardo Silva is the player who makes way.,0
GOAL! 2-0 Manchester City! Sane appeals for a penalty and the referee is not interested. The Burnley players then stopped as David Silva keeps the ball in play before cutting a pass into Bernardo Silva, who smashes home to double City's advantage.,1
Hendrick lunges in on Fernandinho in midfield with a high challenge and has his name taken by referee Jon Moss.,2
GOAL! 1-0 City! Sane and David Silva combine superbly on the left side before the latter drills a delivery into Aguero in the middle, who snatches the opportunity to stab home the opening goal.,1
Cork becomes the first Burnley man to be booked after he hauls David Silva to ground after losing possession in midfield.,2
GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 5-0 ARSENAL! The Gunners build from the back and Odegaard is picked out in space between the lines, and he has time to set himself before flicking the ball over the top of the Chelsea defence. White runs onto it, and he strikes it first time on the volley, and it flies into the top corner! He may have meant to pick out a team-mate, but he will certainly take it!,1
GOAAAAALLLL!!! 4-0 ARSENAL!! Saka receives the ball on the right-hand side of the penalty area, and he cuts onto his left foot before carrying it into the box. He picks out Havertz who gets it out of his feet, shifting it onto his left before firing it into the bottom corner! The Gunners are running away with it.,1
GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 3-0 ARSENAL!! Gabriel picks out Odegaard in acres of space, and he turns before slotting a throughball beyond the Chelsea defence. Havertz runs onto it and he drives towards the penalty area. He gets one-on-one with Petrovic, and he lifts it over the goalkeeper and into the back of the net. He's scored against his former club!,1
GOOOOAAALLLLL!! 1-0 ARSENAL! Saka finds Havertz who quickly plays the ball to Partey and continues his run into the box. Rice is now found and he drives towards the penalty area, with Trossard bursting forward on the overlap. Rice finds him and he works it onto his left foot before striking it low at the near post, and it flies into the back of the net!,1
Dunk is yellow-carded for bizarrely clattering into Dias, as Brighton take a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Silva makes it three!!! A poor kick from Sanchez ends up with De Bruyne flicking the ball to Silva, who's left-footed effort flies past Sanchez into the back of the net to make it 3-0.,1
Webster is the next Brighton player to go in the book, again for pulling Silva back as the Portuguese midfielder looked to counter.,2
City take the lead!!! Mahrez is the scorer, as De Bruyne lays the ball off to him via a couple of defections after a great run. The Algerian winger then sidefoots the ball into the back of the net, despite Dunk's last-ditch efforts, and it's 1-0 to the hosts.,1
Dias comes on for Ake at the break, as he makes his return from a lengthy spell on the sidelines through injury.,0
Tonelli is booked for a silly foul from the restart and Inter have a free-kick that will surely help them eat down the clock.,2
BROZOVIC TO SURELY WIN IT FOR INTER! 1-0! There's no need for a second look with this one; from a free-kick out on the left wing, Inter tip it in and a defensive header puts it straight to the Croatia star who blasts a low shot through the fingertips of Audero. The visitors look like they have snatched three points - at last! - in the most dramatic of finales.,1
Defrel is meanwhile booked for his celebration as the VAR check continues. There will be five added minutes when we resume.,2
Fulham make a straight swap in the attack. Jimenez is replaced by Vinicius, who scored the winning goal in the game against Luton.,0
Fulham make their first change of the game. Pereira is usually an influential figure but has been quiet since the restart. Iwobi made a big impact off the bench against Luton and is being tasked with doing the same today.,0
Cordova-Reid wins possession inside Palace's half and attempts to drive forward with the ball. He originally escapes Mitchell before being fouled by the left-back, who is shown a yellow card.,2
The third yellow card of the game goes to Ayew, who fouls Palhinha in the air. The Fulham man is still on the floor and is receiving treatment.,2
Ream fails to clear away Ward's chipped pass into Schlupp, who escapes him before being dragged to the floor moments before getting into the box. The centre-back is then shown a yellow card.,2
Clearly frustrated, Cash clatters into Barco after being beaten by some fleet footwork. That's a needless booking for the Villa substitute.,2
Soaking up a few more seconds, Brighton replace their star man today, Adingra. Barco is sent on for the final minutes.,0
In response to his side taking the lead, De Zerbi makes a double change. First, Moder comes on for Welbeck.,0
BRIGHTON LEAD! Despite Olsen saving his initial spot-kick, Joao Pedro reacts quickly to race towards the rebound and nod the ball in from close range! It nestles in the back of the net, and that puts the home side 1-0 up with only a few minutes left to play!,1
Watkins is felled by Gross in midfield, and the referee judges that the contact from the Brighton man's studs is sufficient to show the game's first yellow card.,2
Finally, after a bemusing delay, Cash comes on to replace the injured Rogers. He is likely to play on the right wing, so that could mean a reshuffle of Villa's front four.,0
Hofmann is booked for a late challenge on Martinez who was grounded for a while, but is now back on his feet.,2
GOOOAL! Inter take a 1-0 lead! Lautaro Martínez puts the visitors in front with an emphatic penalty into the roof of the middle of the net. ,1
Another Young Boys change now, with Ngamaleu heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Schick.,0
Young Boys make their first substitution just after the Juventus goal, with Fassnacht replaced by Bertone.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Juventus pull one back, it's 2-1! What a strike by Dybala! The substitute produces a superb volley straight into the bottom corner, giving Wolfli no chance of saving that. Can the visitors get another and turn this game around?,1
Another yellow card, this time shown to Garcia for his late challenge on Bernardeschi deep down the right wing.,2
GOOOAAALLL! Young Boys double their lead, it's 2-0! Hoarau once again the man with the goal for the Swiss side. It was a lovely ball into the path of Hoarau by Ngamaleu and as the Juve defenders backed off he spotted an opportunity and went for goal from the edge of the box, firing the ball into the bottom corner.,1
Bernardeschi is the first Juventus player to be booked, after he brings Fassnacht down as the midfielder tried to break on the counter-attack.,2
GOOOAAALLL! Young Boys lead 1-0 after Hoarau converts from the penalty spot. However, Szczesny was so close to saving that! The Juve keeper gets a hand to the ball and manages to push it onto the post, but it hits the inside of the post and trickles over the line.,1
Here is the enforced Juventus change, with Cuadrado limping off the pitch with an injury and he has been replaced by Alex Sandro.,0
GOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI! What a header! Bayern have four on the night, it's 7-1 on aggregate! Bayern's talisman rises highest in the area to thunder a header past Caballero. Brilliant.,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! TOLISSO! So simple! It's 3-1 Bayern and 6-1 on aggregate! Coutinho looks left to Lewandowski, who swings over a wonderful cross which finds Tolisso completely unmarked inside the six-yard box for a volleyed finish straight through Caballero.,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! ABRAHAM! This one will count! Neuer's error gifts Abraham a goal to pull this second leg back to 2-1. Emerson gets forward again on the left and drills in a low delivery, which Neuer spills at the feet of the Chelsea number nine. He could not miss.,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! PERISIC! Chelsea shoot themselves in the foot for number two! It's 5-0 on aggregate! Kovacic is caught in possession by Muller, giving Bayern a four-on-two advantage in the final third. Perisic is all alone on the right side of the area and slides a finish under Caballero.,1
GOOAAALLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI! Bayern extend their lead! It is 1-0 on the night and 4-0 on aggregate. Lewandowski, felled by Caballero, lifts himself to beat the goalkeeper, shooting inside the right-hand post.,1
Guimaraes comes off to a hero's reception by the Newcastle faithful, and youngster Joe White is brought on in his place with the clock ticking down towards full-time.,0
Lewis Hall's on late to see things out for Newcastle, and he'll replace Barnes out wide on the left edge.,0
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! A bullet header makes it 4-0 to Newcastle!! Gordon whips in the Magpies' 16th corner of the match, and this one comes up trumps, being met by Schar, whose powerful headed effort flies beyond Vicario, across the face of goal, and crashes into the back of the net!!! Utter domination on Tyneside, as three Newcastle points are rubber-stamped late on.,1
Murphy pulls up with cramp having played solidly in an unfamiliar right-back role for Newcastle, and Tino Livramento comes on late to see the game out in his favoured position.,0
Now wearing the captain's armband for Spurs, Maddison recklessly catches Murphy high as the pair contest a 50-50 ball and immediate goes into the referee's book.,2
Postecoglou also brings off his captain Son, with Dejan Kulusevski coming on in his place in a switch that will likely see Werner move into the centre-forward role.,0
Bentancur is also withdrawn in the double-pivot, with Pape Matar Sarr entering the fray in his place for Spurs.,0
A triple-change coming now for Spurs, with the booked Bissouma first off and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg brought on in his place.,0
Romero's poor pass out of defence leaves Spurs in trouble as Guimaraes wins the ball, but he's soon taken to ground a sliding challenge from the Argentine which earns him a yellow card.,2
GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!!! It's three for the Magpies!!! Guimaraes dispossesses Son and fires a long ball forward for Isak to run in behind. The Swede has Van de Ven beaten for pace, and engages Vicario before calmly slotting underneath the goalkeeper into the bottom corner!! 3-0 to Newcastle, and that should see the hosts home from here on in.,1
Porro has pulled up with an injury following that Newcastle chance and can't continue, so Emerson Royal comes on at right-back in his place for Spurs.,0
Bissouma slides in very late indeed on Anderson, who is crunched in the tackle as the ball spills out. It's a yellow card early in the second half for the Spurs midfield, and one he can have absolutely zero complaints with.,2
GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! A peach of an opener for Newcastle!!! Gordon tussles with Udogie for possession from a Guimaraes clearance and does absolutely brilliantly to come away with the ball. He slips it in to Isak, who cuts inside Van de Ven's challenge to fire a superb curling shot beyond Vicario and into the bottom-left corner!!! Lift off at St. James' Park, and the hosts deservedly lead 1-0!!,1
Murphy and Gordon spring into action as Newcastle win possession and race forward on the counter once more. Gordon is then caught between sliding challenges from Werner and Van de Ven, with the latter's protests earning him a yellow card from the referee!,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!!!! DOBBIN MAKES IT 2-0!!!! Instead of taking a corner short and trying to keep it there, Garner decides to whip it into the box. It proves to be a great decision as the substitute goalkeeper Petrovic fails to punch clear the delivery, sending it straight into the path of Dobbin. The youngster sets himself before firing into the back of the net to spark wild celebrations and surely make the points safe for Everton!,1
Maatsen also comes on for Cucurella. Can the young substitute make an impact over these final six or so minutes?,0
Pochettino is forced into another change. This time it's between the sticks as Sanchez limps off for Petrovic.,0
Dyche freshens up his attack, replacing Calvert-Lewin with Beto. The former Udinese striker netted off the bench against Newcastle and will be looking to make a similar impact here.,0
Jackson comes on for Broja, who failed to find the target with his only shot during his time on the pitch and struggled to make an impact.,0
In an attacking change, Pochettino brings on Sterling for Fernandez. Sterling, a former Liverpool player, receives a hostile welcome from the home crowd.,0
Branthwaite goes in the book for catching Broja not far outside the Everton box. Perhaps more worryingly, Chelsea will have a free-kick in a great shooting position.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!!!! DOUCOURE FIRES EVERTON IN FRONT!!! The Toffees catch Chelsea on the counter, and McNeil slides a delightful pass into the path of Calvert-Lewin. Sanchez races out to close the angle and make the save from Calvert-Lewin's initial effort, but the ball only finds its way to the incoming Doucoure, who rifles into the back of the net. 1-0 to the hosts at Goodison Park!,1
Dyche is forced into another first-half change as Young limps off for Patterson. This has been a frustrating outing for the hosts so far.,0
James is forced off through injury and is replaced by Colwill. The Chelsea captain has had a torrid time of late in terms of his fitness, and both he and Pochettino will be hoping this fresh worry isn't too bad ahead of the busy upcoming schedule.,0
Palmer receives a yellow card for simulation after trying to win a penalty by trailing his leg in the box. Branthwaite didn't bite, and though Palmer did get up and try to play on, the referee blows and issues the Chelsea man a card.,2
Gueye goes in the book for a poor challenge on Fernandez. He went straight through the back of the Argentina international.,2
RAKITIC!!! 2-1 SEVILLA! Cool as you like from the former Barcelona midfielder, who calmly sends Courtois the wrong way from the penalty spot.,1
ASENSIO!!! 1-1! An immediate impact by the substitute! Within moments of coming on, Asensio is well picked out in the area by Kroos, before beating Bono at his near post with a brilliant first-time finish.,1
FERNANDO!!! 1-0 SEVILLA! The visitors lead and it was very well-taken by the former Manchester City man. Navas' cross was neatly cushioned into the path of Fernando, who cleverly skipped inside the challenge of Casemiro before slotting home.,1
GOAAAALLLL 3-0 PSG!!!! Weah finally gets his goal after his narrow miss just moments ago but Samba pretty much gifts him the strike. The Caen keeper receives possession near his six-yard box but he thinks he has all day and Weah charges at him before making the tackle and bundling the ball home. Bizarre goal but they all count!,1
Neymar leaves the field to a chorus of cheers and on comes Weah for the final 10 minutes of action in this Ligue 1 game.,0
Caen winger Ninga has been a passenger for the majority of the game so Stavitski will now get the chance to prove he belongs in the starting XI.,0
Di Maria picks up an assist for his efforts tonight and on comes Draxler to try and grab a goal with 20 minutes remaining.,0
Diarra makes way for Diaby and he receives a round of applause. Not the hardest night's work for him but he still did well to break up any Caen attack.,0
GOAAALLL 2-0 to PSG! Midfielder Rabiot cannot miss from close range but that was another devastating team move from the Ligue 1 champions. A mistake in the middle of midfield from Caen released Di Maria who teed up Rabiot at the back post.,1
GOAALLLLL PSG 1-0 Caen - Neymar is off and running for the new Ligue 1 season as he keeps his cool when under pressure. The Brazilian latched onto a through ball before placing the ball past Samba with ease. What a start for Tuchel!!!,1
Jackson, who scored the second goal for Chelsea, is taken off. Tauriainen comes on for his Premier League debut.,0
Postecoglou rolls the dice and makes another alteration. Gil enters the fray, with Johnson being replaced.,0
Pochettino makes his first change of the game, with Mudryk heading towards the bench. Casadei comes on in his place.,0
GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!! 2-0 CHELSEA!! Palmer is there to take the free-kick, and his curling effort cannons off the bar with Vicario scrambling across his line! It falls to Jackson, and he heads into the back of the net from the rebound, with the Tottenham goalkeeper struggling to get back to his feet! It's a huge goal for Pochettino's side!,1
Van de Ven brings down Jackson as Chelsea looked to counter-attack, and the referee awards the first booking of the game.,2
GOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 CHELSEA!! The Blues win a free-kick and Gallagher and Palmer are standing over it, with the former delivering into the penalty area. Chalobah rises above Emerson at the back post, and his header loops into the top corner over Vicario! It's a superb finish from the defender! There's a VAR check... but the goal stands!,1
The now-leading visitors also make a pair of changes, with Jonny Evans coming on for Amrabat in defence.,0
Forest make a late double-change as they now seek to chase down their 1-0 deficit, with captain Yates replaced by Giovanni Reyna in midfield.,0
GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! Deadlock. Broken!!! Rather than your conventional in-swinging cross into the box, Fernandes drills the free-kick low and in towards the near post. Casemiro makes the crucial run to steer the bouncing ball goalwards, sending it through the legs of Turner and into the back of the net!!! There's a lengthy VAR check for offside in the aftermath, but it's eventually given the green light and United lead 1-0!!,1
Elanga drives beyond Lindelof and into the final third before being hauled to ground by the defender, who picks up the first yellow card of the game for that cynical foul!,2
Antony is withdrawn in the first substitution of the match, with Amad Diallo on to replace him out wide for the Red Devils.,0
Bastoni is booked after he clatters into the back of Berardi, stopping the striker from turning and breaking forward on the counter.,2
GOOOAAALLL! It's now 4-3! Sassuolo are throwing everything at this game and Boga has now put them within one goal of Inter. It's a wonderful run from the Sassuolo man, beating three Inter defenders, cutting inside from the left wing and placing the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Sassuolo pull one back, it's 4-2! Djuricic with a good finish from just inside the penalty area, passing the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net through the legs of a few Inter defenders. Caputo moved out wide and drilled the ball into the path of his team-mate, who produced a fine finish.,1
Another Inter substitution now, as Candreva comes off and Lazaro replaces him for his first taste of Serie A football for the visitors.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Martinez steps up to take the penalty and he converts to make it 4-1 to Inter! Lukaku misses the chance to get his hat-trick as Martinez takes responsibility and he makes no mistakes with the finish, sending Consigli the wrong way.,1
Sassuolo make their second change of the game, with Traore coming off and he has been replaced by Duricic.,0
Magnanelli is booked after he brings Martinez down right on the edge of the penalty area and it hands Inter a free-kick in a very good shooting position.,2
GOOOAAALLL! Lukaku makes it 2-1 to Inter! That's his fourth Serie A goal of the season. Peluso doesn't get close enough to the striker as De Vrij drills the pass into Lukaku's feet and the Belgian turns him deep inside the penalty area and then powers the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1
Obiang is the first player to be booked after his late and strong challenge on Barella. The Inter man stays down, but it looks like he should be fine to continue.,2
GOOOAAALLL! Sassuolo are level, it's 1-1! Berardi with a superb finish, getting past Biraghi in the penalty area and drilling the ball past Handanovic and into the far left-hand corner of the net, with his weaker right foot.,1
GOOOAAALLL! What a start for Inter, they lead 1-0 after just two minutes! They won a corner early on, which Sassuolo initially clear, but the visitors work the ball back into the final third and it comes to Martinez on the left-hand side of the box, he cuts inside and curls it into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Palace have another goal! It's 4-3, what a game! The visitors haven't given up just yet. Wickham cushions the ball down for Meyer who smashes the ball past Alisson, to make it a very interesting at the end of the game.,1
No hat-trick for Salah today, he is replaced by Camacho late on, who slots into the vacant right-back position.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool have their fourth goal! The hosts should now have the game wrapped up, it's 4-2 with just a couple minutes of added time remaining. The Reds broke forward on the counter, with Robertson feeding the striker and he then slides the ball underneath Speroni from a tight angle.,1
HE'S OFF! Milner is shown a second yellow card and then receives his marching orders after his late challenge on Zaha. The winger just gets to the ball before Milner and the right-back was already committed to the challenge, a clear foul and booking.,3
Poor challenge by Milner, he slides in on Zaha and brings the winger down before he could break into the box. The referee shows him a yellow card.,2
Palace make their first change of the game in the aftermath of Liverpool's third goal, with Kouyate coming off and he has been replaced by Schlupp.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead once again, it's now 3-2! Huge mistake by Speroni and it hands Salah one of the easiest goals he will ever score in a Liverpool shirt. Milner was played in-behind and he just manages to keep the ball in, chipping the ball into the air and Speroni fails to deal with the ball, tipping it behind him and Salah races in to smash the ball into the net on the goal line. It looks like the Palace keeper tried to tip the ball over the crossbar, but he got it all wrong.,1
Liverpool make the first substitution of the game, with Keita coming off and he has been replaced by Shaqiri.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead, it's 2-1! Firmino is given far too much time and space in the box as he is fed the ball by Keita, he has time to control the ball and then pick his spot, placing the ball in the bottom corner, with a slight deflection taking it out of the reach of Speroni.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool are back in the game just seconds after the restart, it's 1-1! Salah with the equalising goal, a real poachers goal after a long range deflected shot by Van Dijk loops up in the box and Speroni gets caught in two minds, whether to come and collect or stay on his line. In the end he gets caught in no man's land and Salah sneaks in to flick the ball past the Palace keeper, with no defenders anywhere near him.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Palace lead 1-0! The goal comes against the run of play, with the visitors breaking forward on the counter-attack and they have the lead at Anfield. Zaha bursts past Milner down the right wing, gets into the box and pulls the ball back to Townsend who was sprinting into the area and he slides the ball under Alisson and into the back of the net.,1
Roco isn't happy with the officials, as he thought that Gaviria was offside before setting up Gonzalez. His dissent is aptly punished by the referee, and his yellow card means he'll miss his side's next match.,2
Gumbau takes out Dembele with no intention whatsoever of getting the ball, and is rightfully booked by the referee. There's been some fairly aggressive challenges flying in, and the ref really does need to keep control of this game to avoid it spilling over.,2
De Jong's been very good for Barca, and on comes Riqui Puig to replace him for the last 15 minutes of this game.,0
Milla drags back Araujo by the shirt and impedes his movement, and the referee brandishes the game's first yellow card.,2
GGGGGOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! There's the equaliser!!!! It's an astonishing goal as Elche come forward again, and a cross to the far post is met by Milla, whose diving header with his first touch bounces in off the left post and makes it 2-2!!! What on earth has just happened?,1
GOOOAAAALLLLL!!! What a strike!!! Elche break after Barca pile everyone forward, and it comes to the substitute Morente on the right side of the box. He passes Lenglet, and smashes it past Ter Stegen to make it 2-1! Game on!,1
GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! Barca make it two!!!! Gaviria slaloms through Elche's midfield, and sidesteps their defence, before knocking an effort from the edge of the box past Badia's outstretched glove and into the bottom left-hand corner! What a night this is becoming for the next generation of Barca stars!,1
GOAL! Liverpool double their lead! Oxlade-Chamberlain heads home from close range to make it 2-0! A lovely cross is whipped into the penalty area from the left wing by Robertson and Oxlade-Chamberlain gets in behind the Brentford defence and sends his header into the back of the net. Great finish.,1
Brentford have made their first change of the game, with Henry coming off and he has been replaced by Canos.,0
GOAL! Liverpool take the lead just before the break! Fabinho gets away from his marker at the far post as a corner is whipped into the penalty area from the left by Alexander-Arnold and Fabinho powers a header into the bottom right corner of the net. They lead 1-0!,1
Kompany is putting on another forward to put Everton under pressure in the last few minutes. Amdouni comes on for Taylor.,0
Assignon looked bright on the right for Burnley but is now coming off for experienced forward Rodriguez in an attacking change.,0
Everton make their first change. Calvert-Lewin scored the only goal just before half-time and is replaced by Beto, who started the last match.,0
RED CARD TO O'SHEA! Burnley are down to 10 men after O'Shea is shown a straight red card. The defender takes a loose touch, with McNeil poking the ball away from him before being taken out by a slide tackle from the defender. He denied a clear goal-scoring opportunity!,3
GOALLLL! CALVERT-LEWIN SCORES! 1-0 EVERTON! The hosts take a fortunate lead! Muric has possession on the edge of his own box but takes too long to pass the ball away. Calvert-Lewin gets in front of him and blocks the ball, with it looping over the goalkeeper and into the net.,1
Odobert gets past the halfway line and rushes beyond Gomes, who kicks his leg and goes into the book.,2
Perez is booked for what seems to be not very much. That about sums up the Leganes midfielder's day. ,2
Solari makes his final substitution. Benzema, who's been solid as ever, is replaced by Gonzalez for Madrid.,0
Vinicius gets a deserved rest now that Madrid are home and dry. Diaz replaces him for his Madrid debut.,0
WHAT A GOAL BY VICINIUS! Pick that out! Odriozola crosses towards the far post. Vicinius curves his body just right and arcs a beautiful volley straight past Cuellar. That was spectacular. 3-0 Madrid, and this tie is surely done.,1
Nacho is booked for a foul deep in Leganes' half. Leganes try to find Braithwaite from the free-kick but have no joy.,2
It's no surprise to hear that Leganes have replaced Gumbau at half-time. He was run ragged in the first half. Silva replaces him.,0
GOAL! 1-0 Madrid! Ramos steps up to take the penalty and coolly rolls it to Cuellar's right - his 100th goal for club and country! It's a lead you could argue they just about deserve.,1
Odriozola quickly makes amends for his error. After his lucky escape earlier, this time there's no doubt for Gumbau. The full-back tugs at Odriozola's shirt and gives away a penalty for Madrid! Gumbau is booked.,2
Liverpool are making their first change now. Elliott is taken off, with Milner replacing him as he makes his 600th Premier League appearance.,0
Salisu took a heavy touch which allowed Elliott to nick it back. The defender tries to make up for his error, but trips him and goes into the referee's book.,2
And Caleta-Car, who is on a yellow card, is also taken off. Maitland-Niles is on for him, gesturing that there'll be a change to three at the back.,0
Southampton are making a triple change here. Stuart Armstrong is the first player to go off, with Walcott on in his place.,0
NUNEZ SCORES AGAIN! It's another quick move from Liverpool, as Thiago slides it down the left for Robertson to chase. He fizzes a dangerous low cross into the middle and Nunez slides in to poke it past Bazunu on the edge of the six-yard box. 3-1 Liverpool!,1
NUNEZ SCORES! Southampton just can't clear their lines, despite many opportunities to do so. Elliott eventually picks out a team-mate with his cross, and Nunez gets behind Salisu to volley his first-time shot out of Bazunu's reach and into the far-bottom corner of the net. 2-1 Liverpool!,1
ADAMS EQUALISES! Ward-Prowse steps up to take Southampton's free-kick on the right and he whips a wonderful cross onto the edge of the six-yard box. Alisson had come off his line, but the forward gets there in front of him and thumps his header into the back of the net. 1-1!,1
FIRMINO SCORES! It's Robertson that swings in the resulting free-kick on the right for Liverpool and Firmino gets in front of Elyounoussi as he moves towards the ball. He has his back to goal, but glances his header on. He gets enough on it to lift it over the crowd and into the far-bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
Salah knocks the ball past Caleta-Car, who just steps across the Egyptian to block his run. He picks up an early yellow card.,2
Valverde is also withdrawn as the clock ticks towards 90, and Dani Ceballos replaces him in midfield.,0
Bellingham has been outstanding for Madrid, dominating in almost every facet of his game and getting the scoring up and running with the assist for Vinicius' opener, and comes off now for Joselu to lead the line late on.,0
Eduardo Camavinga also comes on late, replacing the hat-trick scorer Vinicius following a performance for the ages from the Brazilian.,0
The veterans switch places for almost-victorious Madrid, with Luka Modric replacing Kroos in midfield late on.,0
A goal and an assist has been light work for Rodrygo in this game, and he's withdrawn now for Brahim Diaz - who netted in extra time against Atletico - to see out the remainder of the final for Madrid.,0
HE'S OFF!!! Things go from bad to worse for Barcelona as Araujo is shown a second yellow card. Another challenge on Vinicius leaves the Brazilian on the deck, and it's enough to warrant a second booking of the game for the Uruguayan!,3
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! That should seal it!!! Rodrygo gets on the act following another fast break, as Valverde sprints down the right channel. His cross into the box is brought down by Vinicius, who squares for Bellingham, but that attempted pass ricochets into the path of Rodrygo and he smashes a low shot into the bottom corner!!! It's now 4-1 to Madrid, and Barca's chances of any sort of comeback have been thoroughly quashed with that goal.,1
Rudiger clips the heels of Joao Felix as the Barca substitute glides past him, and it's a fairly textbook yellow card for the Madridistas defender.,2
Barca make their first changes of the game in a burst of three, the first seeing captain Roberto replaced in the centre of midfield by youngster Fermin Lopez.,0
Bellingham slides in recklessly on Pedri and leaves the Spaniard down on the turf, and after initially playing an advantage which comes to nothing, the referee does show the Madridistas playmaker a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Barca captain Roberto is also shown a yellow card by the referee, in large part due to his and his side's protests at that penalty being awarded.,2
GOOOOAAALLL!!! A first-half hat-trick for Vinicius!!! He arrows the ball right into the bottom-left corner, and Pena can't get anything on it despite diving the right way. 3-1 to Real Madrid with half-time on the horizon, and what a game this is turning out to be!,1
It's a yellow card for Araujo to compound his concession of the penalty, and just minutes after Barcelona get a goal back, Real Madrid now have the chance to restore their two-goal lead.,2
GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! It's two for Vinicius! Carvajal's long ball down the line catches Barca off-guard and Rodrygo races into open pasture. Darting into the box, he squares for Vinicius arriving at the far post, and the opening goalscorer slides in for his and Madrid's second!!! 2-0 up within 10 minutes, and Los Blancos are in total control here.,1
GOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!!! Los Blancos take an early lead!!! Bellingham steps between De Jong and Gundogan to slot a pass into the feet of Vinicius, who turns away from Kounde, races clean through on goal, and rounds Pena before slotting into the net!!! A rapid-fire start from Real Madrid, who lead 1-0 in the Supercopa final!,1
Lacroix receives a somewhat whimsical yellow card as there's a second ball on the pitch as Laimer looks to take a quick throw.,2
Wind's afternoon is over as 19-year-old Pejcinovic arrives to take his place. He's definitely grown into the contest, yet it's been a tricky outing nonetheless.,0
Bryan's first start comes to an end as 18-year-old Perez-Vinlof comes into the fray for his Bayern debut.,0
Majer chops down Muller cynically as Bayern look to break from their defensive third. He gets a booking for his troubles.,2
GOOALLL! IT'S 2-0 BAYERN! GORETZKA! Bryan darts down the left and Wolfsburg struggle to clear as Muller nods the ball back to Goretzka and he side-foots home with ease!,1
GOOALLL! BAYERN FOR 1-0! ZVONAREK GETS IT ON HIS FIRST START! It's a perfect start for the Croatian teenager. Muller dummies a pass from Davies and Zvonarek on the right side of the box, fires across well and pings it low off the left post for his first goal on his league debut!,1
Abate, making his final appearance at San Siro in a Milan shirt, is replaced by Conti. The departing player is given a warm applause as he makes his way off the pitch.,0
Piatek leaves the field having ended his goal drought. Castillejo is brought on in his place with less than 10 minutes to go.,0
GOOOOAAALLL!!! MILAN 1-0 FROSINONE! Borini's miscued shot is turned in by Piatek, who flicks it past Bardi from inside the six-yard box. The visitors want the offside flag to go up but, following a VAR check, the goal is allowed to stand. Piatek timed his run well and was onside when making contact with Borini's attempt.,1
GOOOALLL!! Tottenham 3-1 Southampton! A nice finish from Austin restores just a little pride for Southampton. The substitute striker beats the offside trap and keeps his cool when charging through on goal, powering the ball past Lloris for a late consolation.,1
Pochettino turns to 18-year-old midfielder Skipp to take over from Trippier, who has picked up a knock. That could be a real blow for Spurs heading into a busy run of games.,0
Kelvin Davis makes his second change of the match, bringing on Elyounoussi for Armstrong to provide some additional width.,0
Lucas can be happy with his input today, having scored his side's vital second goal early in the second half. The Brazilian attacker is replaced by Sissoko for the final 15 minutes or so.,0
Kelvin Davis is the first manager to blink, bringing on Austin for Gabbiadini in a like-for-like change up front.,0
GOOOAALLL!! Tottenham 3-0 Southampton! Well if the second goal didn't kill off Southampton, this third goal from Son certainly will. Targett's clearance is closed down by Kane and the Englishman squares it for Son to turn the ball home from three yards.,1
GOOOOALLL!! Tottenham 2-0 Southampton! The home side give themselves some breathing space thanks to Lucas's strike six minutes into the second half. A corner lands nicely for the Brazilian to strike and, after his initial shot is blocked by Armstrong, he fires the follow-up shot into the ground and past McCarthy.,1
Lundstram fails to retreat quickly enough as he prevents McGinn from taking a quick free-kick. The midfielder has his name taken as a result.,2
Douglas Luiz is shown the first yellow card of the game after bringing down McBurnie, who was threatening to break on the counter.,2
GOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!! Barca have turned it around!!! The Blaugrana counter and Jutgla cuts inside before racing into the box. He creates shooting space, and curls an effort beyond the reach of Razak to make it 2-1 to the away side!,1
GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! It's the curse of the commentator as Barca equalise! Dembele beats a challenge and shoots from the edge of the box, and his low curling effort beats Razak to make it 1-1! Game on!,1
De Jong slides into Razak as he chases a long ball and is penalised, receiving quite a soft yellow card in the process.,2
Guerrero was having some stern words with the referee after that foul, and is also given a yellow for dissent.,2
Liverpool take more time off the clock by introducing Origi in place of Firmino, who has been much improved.,0
GOOAAALLLL!!! MANE! This one will count! 3-1 Liverpool! It is more awful defending from Tottenham, with Rodon attempting to control Alexander-Arnold's deep cross on his chest and instead knocking the ball into Mane's path. He thunders a finish high past Lloris.,1
This is chaotic! Phillips has been on the pitch just five minutes but is in the book for clattering Bergwijn. Tottenham suddenly have wind in their sails.,2
GOOAAALLLL!!! HOJBJERG! Beauty! What a start to the second half! Spurs pull it back to 2-1. Hojbjerg runs onto the ball on the edge of the area and cuts across his strike, a fine effort that fades away from Alisson inside the right-hand post.,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! ALEXANDER-ARNOLD! 2-0 Liverpool! So poor from Lloris again. Tottenham fail to clear and Mane turns to send in a low shot from the edge of the area, which Lloris should really hold. Instead, he pushes the ball straight back out to Alexander-Arnold, who drives the rebound into the net.,1
A second Spurs switch is an intriguing move, with Winks on for Aurier. That would suggest a change in shape, with Doherty able to move to the right and Davies at left-back in a four-man defence.,0
Bergwijn is booked for a cynical, crucial challenge on Alexander-Arnold, who beats his man as Liverpool try to break.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! AUBAMEYANG FIRES ARSENAL AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The Gunners take the lead through a clinical finish from the Gabonese. Willian releases the run of the forward on the left flank with a fine pass. Aubameyang runs at Lowton before cutting inside on his right foot to fire low and hard towards the bottom-left corner. Pope gets a hand to the ball, but cannot keep it out.,1
HAT-TRICK!!! MESSI MAKES IT 5-2! That was only ever going to be the case, wasn't it?! The skipper completes his treble as he fires into the roof of the net following a neat lay-off from Suarez.,1
BUDIMIR AGAIN!!! 4-2! Mallorca pull another goal back! A deep cross from the right is met by the head of Budimir, who makes no mistake from close range to score his and Mallorca's second.,1
EXQUISITE!!! SUAREZ MAKES IT 4-1! Count the passes! Following a patient build-up, Barca burst into life on the edge of the penalty area. It eventually leads to De Jong feeding the ball into Suarez, who produces the most exquisite backheel to round it all off.,1
MESSI DOES IT AGAIN!!! 3-1 BARCA! The hosts are back on track following yet another quickfire counter. A sharp exchange of passes between Suarez and Rakitic sets up Messi who, similarly to his first goal, curls a terrific effort into the far corner.,1
Mallorca look to respond immediately and Sergi Roberto is booked for fouling Kubo on the edge of the area.,2
GRIEZMANN!!! 1-0 TO BARCELONA! Seconds after Mallorca almost turn in a corner, Ter Stegen's quick goal kick launches a quickfire counter attack. Griezmann subsequently races through on goal, before calmly lifting the ball over the onrushing Reina.,1
The United captain Maguire earns himself a booking for stepping across Pulisic. Chelsea will have a free-kick from the right.,2
Fred's booked for a crunching tackle on Mount. Fred protests his innocence but the referee isn't interested.,2
Chelsea make a change at half-time as Hudson-Odoi is taken off early again. James replaces him at right wing-back. Tuchel gives James a motivational slap on the cheek before he comes on.,0
Villarreal try to break away on the counter attack but Busquets gives away a free-kick on purpose and is carded for it.,2
Barcelona fans rise to their feet to clap off Suarez, with Fati getting just over 10 minutes to impress.,0
Griezmann scuffs a volley attempt at the far post and his error clearly angered him. The former Real Sociedad man then runs back up the line before making a poor tackle and he gets a yellow card for it.,2
Valverde decides to take no chances with Messi and he leaves the field of play, with Dembele replacing him.,0
Messi wins a free-kick for Barcelona, but Roberto collects a card after kicking the ball away, and the referee is quick to stamp his authority on the match.,2
WHAT A HIT!!!! BARCELONA 2-0 VILLARREAL - The fans go wild as Arthur smashes his shot into the top corner. Villarreal allowed Barcelona to make several simple passes, but Arthur still had it all to do. He received a pass from Busquets before unleashing a powerful drive to give Asenjo no chance in goal.,1
GOAAAALLLL Barcelona 1-0 Villarreal - Griezmann wheels away in celebration after a brilliant header at the near post. The Frenchman was left unmarked, and he met Messi's cross before beating Asenjo thanks to his delicate touch.,1
RONALDO HAS HIS HAT-TRICK! Nobody is picking him up on the left of the box when he gets the ball. He has time to take a touch before hitting his shot under Olsen's legs and into the back of the net. 4-0 Juventus!,1
HIGUAIN MAKES IT THREE! He has no one with him in support when he gets the ball on the left of the box and he cuts inside to get past Klavan and drills his shot into the bottom corner. 3-0 Juventus! ,1
RONALDO SCORES THE PENALTY! It's a confident run up from the edge of the box from Ronaldo and he sends Olsen the wrong way as he sidefoots his spot-kick into the bottom right corner. 2-0 Juventus!,1
RONALDO SCORES! It's a really poor pass from Klavan to Walukiewicz and Ronaldo reacts quickly to intercept it. He takes the ball around the goalkeeper to the right of the box and fires his shot back into the far side of the net. 1-0 Juventus! ,1
As soon as Pedro is back on his feet and going to the edge of the pitch with the medical team, the referee shows him a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Rabiot is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Simeone with a late challenge during the counter-attack.,2
GOALLL!!! 3-1 INTER!!! MARTINEZ!! That could be game over at San Siro as Martinez restores the Nerazzurri's two-goal cushion! Lukaku does a brilliant job to hold the ball up and then send Brozovic through on goal. The midfielder then unselfishly squares it to Martinez, who scores into an empty net.,1
GOALLL!!! ATALANTA!! PASALIC!! The away side finally get a goal back as Inter fail to clear the ball away from a corner! Atalanta have three bites at the cherry, and the rebound of Hojlund’s shot is smashed into the goal by Pasalic.,1
GOALLL!!! 2-0 INTER!! BARELLA!! Atalanta are now two goals down in three minutes as Barella fires home on the rebound! Sportiello makes two saves to stop Dimarco from scoring, but the second rebound falls kindly for the Italian midfielder. Inzaghi could not have pictured a better start!,1
Benzema kills the game off!!! The striker sends the keeper the wrong way and makes it 3-0 with a confident penalty past Pacheco.,1
The hosts take the lead!!! It comes from a brilliant finish by Asensio, who cuts onto his left foot before unleashing a superb curled effort from outside the box that flies into the back of the net past the diving Pacheco to make it 1-0.,1
Loum receives a yellow card for a challenge from behind on Vinicius as the Brazilian winger drove forwards.,2
Modric is the first player to go in the referee's book after a cynical challenge on Loum in midfield.,2
Allegri makes another late change, bringing on Kean for Alex Sandro. Not really long enough for the youngster to prove himself, really!,0
Bernardeschi has had a good game, leaving the field with an assist to his name for that third goal. Spinazzola comes on in his place for the final four minutes.,0
GOOOOAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 3-0 CHIEVO! Rugani kills the game off for good with a straightforward header into the bottom corner of the net. Bernardeschi takes over set-piece duties and clips the ball to the edge of the six-yard box, where the centre-back is left pretty much unmarked to send the ball spinning past a rooted Sorrentino.,1
Bentancur is on for Costa to bring back some control of midfield. Juventus have been far from their best today, even if they do boast a two-goal lead.,0
Jaroszynski is now on for Depaoli as the visitors make their third and final change, despite there being 25 minutes to play.,0
Di Carlo makes the first substitution of the match, bringing on teenage midfielder Vignato for Hetemaj.,0
To add insult to injury, the referee shows the game's first yellow card to Bani for his handball infringement.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 2-0 CHIEVO! A first goal of the season for Costa a little earlier and now a first goal in Juve colours for Can to double his side's tally at the end of a flowing move. It is a well-worked goal, with Dybala feeding the ball through to Can, who controls the ball with his first touch and sends it out of Sorrentino's reach with his second.,1
Clerc is shown a yellow card after a foul on Demir in the middle of the pitch. No complaints about that one.,2
The other Barca change sees Gavi head off after an excellent game in midfield and he has been replaced by Demir.,0
Barca make their first change of the game now, with Coutinho the man coming off and he has been replaced by Puig.,0
Pepelu is booked after he trips up Coutinho. The Levante midfielder isn't happy with the decision though.,2
Here comes a double substitution by the visitors, with Gomez one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Morales.,0
Gavi is the first player to be booked after his late challenge on Clerc. The booking is perhaps a tad harsh on the midfielder.,2
GOAL! Barca double their lead, De Jong scores his first goal for the club to make it 2-0! It’s a lovely counter by the hosts, who caught Levante out at the back with their pace and Dest does brilliantly down the left wing to pick out De Jong, who shows great composure to slot the ball past Fernandez and into the bottom left corner of the net.,1
Haidara is replaced by Forsberg as the hosts search for a little more creativity in the final third.  ,0
Orban joins his teammate on a yellow card after hauling Terrier down as he attempted to latch onto Aouar's smart throughball.,2
Haidara's shown a yellow card for a cynical foul on Dubois as he attempted to start a counter-attack.,2
LYON TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! That's the perfect start for a team short of confidence! Aouar forces Upamecano into surrendering possession 20 yards out and it ricochets straight to Depay who cooly slots his finish past Gulasci with no defenders in sight! ,1
Mount is unable to continue after pulling up with an injury. Alonso is on in his place, meaning a slight tweak in formation for the closing stages.,0
Willian, who will perhaps feel aggrieved not to have started the match following Pedro's withdrawal, is on for Pulisic out wide.,0
Abraham can be happy with the shift he has put in today, his two goals possibly being enough to give Chelsea their first competitive win of the Lampard era. Giroud is on in his place.,0
GOOOAAALLL!!! NORWICH 2-3 CHELSEA! Kepa keeps out a shot from Pukki at one end and, less than 30 seconds later, Abraham edges Chelsea 3-2 in front at the other end of the field. The Englishman brings the ball inside Hanley and catches out Krul with an earlier-than-expected shot to double his career goals tally for the Blues.,1
Stiepermann slides in on Jorginho and appears to win the ball. Not in the view of experienced referee Martin Atkinson, though, who reaches into his pocket for the second time today.,2
Jorginho lunges in on Buendia and was always going to be shown a yellow card - the first of the match.,2
GOOOOAAALLL!!! NORWICH 2-2 CHELSEA! All he needs is half a chance! Pukki gets in behind the Chelsea defence and fires the ball across Kepa from a tight angle to make it five Premier League goals in three matches. The Chelsea keeper should have done better.,1
GOOOOAAALLL!!! NORWICH 0-1 CHELSEA! What a start for Lampard's men! Abraham is off the mark with his first goal in Chelsea colours, and what a brilliant finish it is! Pulisic plays in Azpilicueta on the overlap and the full-back picks out Abraham, who sends a first-time finish past Krul from inside the box.,1
Zinedine Zidane makes his first change, introducing Valverde for James to help regain control of the midfield.,0
GOAAAAL! 1-0 MADRID! Los Blancos finally come alive! Madrid keep the pressure up and work the ball wide to Bale, who slips in Carvajal to stick it up for Benzema at the far post - and the Frenchman makes no mistake with his free header.,1
Ocampos tries to use his speed to get round Ramos out on the far side of the pitch and the centre-back puts his body between the ball and his opponent, picking up a yellow in the process.,2
Hazard gets away from Jordan out on the touchline, but the Sevilla midfielder pulls him back by the shirt and picks up a yellow card.,2
Carvajal is shown a yellow card for catching Ocampos. The first real moment of note in the first half and it's a booking.,2
A loose touch from Elyounoussi high up on the left flank invites White to steal the ball, but the defender's tired challenge sees him catch the Southampton winger and then receive a yellow card.,2
Having been struggling since his injury a few minutes ago, Armstrong comes off to be replaced by Redmond.,0
Arteta has seen enough and makes his first change on the hour mark: Cedric makes way for the more attacking option of Smith Rowe. Surely that means a change of shape?,0
SAINTS LEAD! After Livramento punts a ball back over his head from outside the area, Elyounoussi keeps the ball alive on the left byline and cuts back for Bednarek to sweep home past Ramsdale. That was a smart finish for a burly centre-back! Southampton go 1-0 up!,1
GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 2-1 REAL SOCIEDAD! Real finally pull a goal back after they win a corner off Trippier. Merquelanz sends it in and it lands to Zubeldia in the six-yard box who slots it past Oblak. Is a late Real comeback on the cards?,1
Suarez leaves the pitch after an influential shift up front for Atletico. Lodi comes on to shore up Atletico's left side.,0
Atletico are bringing on some fresh legs of their own now. Felix takes the place of Correa, one of their goalscorers.,0
Monreal also gets the hook with Atletico finding plenty of joy down his flank. Real's young attacking midfielder Lopez replaces him.,0
GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 2-0 REAL SOCIEDAD! Correa doubles Atletico's lead with a cool finish into the bottom left corner. Suarez played a lovely throughball to slip the Argentine into the right of the box.,1
Third and final SPAL substitution, with Murgia coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Simic.,0
Another SPAL substitution now, with Cionek heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Floccari.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Kessie converts from the penalty spot and Milan are back in the lead, it's 3-2! The midfielder steps up to take the penalty and cooly converts the spot-kick, sending the keeper the wrong way.,1
Milan make an attacking substitution, with Abate the man coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Cutrone.,0
GOOOAAAALLL! SPAL are level it's 2-2! They've completed the turnaround and it's been coming after an excellent start to the second half. Fares gets away from his marker in the box and powers his header into the back of the net, past the diving Reina. Poor defending by Milan, who should've learnt from their mistakes, after letting Fares in at the back post just a few minutes earlier.,1
Bonifazi is booked for his late challenge on Kessie. The referee allowed play to continue as Suso picked up the ball and had a subsequent shot at goal.,2
GOOOAAALLL! SPAL pull a goal back, it's 2-1! Vicari rises highest in the box as Murgia whips the free-kick into the penalty area, the defender flicks the ball on and it flies straight into the far corner of the net.,1
Abate is the first player to be booked today after his late challenge on Antenucci, which hands SPAL a free-kick in a decent position.,2
GOOOAAAALLL! Milan lead 1-0! Calhanoglu fires the visitors ahead and puts them into the Champions League places for now. Kessie gets forward down the right wing, he gets to the byline and pulls the ball back to Calhanoglu on the edge of the box, who slides it into the bottom corner of the net, just out of the reach of Viviano.,1
3-2 Atletico! Well, I said Partey was a more defensive replacement for Felix, but he's scored what's likely to be the winner! A clever one-two between Costa and Partey bobbles through to the latter 12 yards out, and he dribbles past the final defender before poking past Dmitrovic from close range. ,1
Leon makes way for Correa with Eibar looking for renewed energy in the final five minutes of the 90.  ,0
Felix is replaced by the more defensive Partey in a substitution that'll enable Atletico to push Vitolo into more dangerous areas.,0
Dmitrovic scurries out of goal to clear a long pass away from Costa, and then cynically prevents Atletico from taking a quick throw-in to capitalise on his absence from goal. He simply grabbed the ball after it went out of play and forcibly kept it from a desperate Costa! Unsurprisingly, he's awarded a yellow card.,2
Charles has worked hard up front and deserved the goal for his efforts, but he's now replaced by Kike up top. ,0
Alvarez sustained a nasty injury while stretching to try and intercept the pass to Lodi there. Unfortunately, he needs a stretcher before being replaced by Oliveira.  ,0
ATLETICO EQUALISE! Immediate impact for Vitolo! Lodi makes another enterprising run, and this time his pass is perfect for Vitolo, who races beyond the final Eibar defender and pokes a weak shot just beyond the onrushing Dmitrovic!   ,1
Llorente is replaced by the more attacking Vitolo as Atletico look to pose more of a threat in this period.   ,0
ATLETICO GET ONE BACK! Costa and Felix play a delightful one-two that sets the former clean through on goal. He muscles off his pursuer before squaring the ball past Dmitrovic and into the path of Felix who slots the ball calmly into an empty net!  ,1
Orellana is booked for a heavy challenge on Costa, but Atletico waste a dangerous free-kick with a delivery that evades all the onrushing attackers.,2
Inui's booked for an aggressive challenge that leaves Trippier in a heap, leaving the referee with little option but to caution the Eibar winger.,2
GOAAALL - MALLORCA 2-2 BARCELONA - A superb team goal fires Barcelona level, and it is Fermin who wheels away in delight. Raphinha's cutback was intended for Lewandowski, but the striker decided to step over the ball due to the angle he had. That outfoxed the Mallorca defence before Fermin tapped into an empty net. That was a sensational move from the champions!,1
Nastasic leaves his mark on Lewandowski early as he takes him out from behind, collecting a yellow card in the process.,2
A clumsy challenge from Dani Rodriguez on Cancelo earns him a yellow card, so he will need to watch himself for the rest of this contest.,2
GOAAALLL - MALLORCA 2-1 BARCELONA - As simple as you like from the home side as they score from a goal-kick. Rajkovic's long pass was flicked on by Muriqi, allowing Abdon to run in on goal. With Ter Stegen in two minds, the Mallorca forward slotted the ball into the bottom corner to give his side an unlikely lead.,1
GOAAALLL - MALLORCA 1-1 BARCELONA - Raphinha, who has been Barcelona's best player all night, fires his side level with a stunning strike. The former Leeds United ace was allowed to cut inside on his stronger left foot, and that was the beginning of the end for Mallorca. He picked his spot and fired low past Rajkovic to level proceedings.,1
A strong challenge from Romeu on Muriqi hands Mallorca a free-kick, and to make matters worse, he has already been carded.,2
GOAAAALLLLL - MALLORCA 1-0 BARCELONA - What a start for the home side, as the stadium goes berserk after Muriqi's opener. A mistake in possession from Ter Stegen gifted the home side the ball inside the Barcelona box, and after their original cross was blocked, Muriqi did not waste the second attempt. The rebound fell to Sanchez, who played a simple pass to his striker, and he did the rest, slotting past Ter Stegen.,1
Wolves now make their final change, with Hwang the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Silva.,0
Wolves now make their first change of the game, with Trincao coming off and he has been replaced by Podence.,0
Everton have made a change at the break, with Gbamin the man departing and he has been replaced by Delph.,0
GOAL! WOLVES MAKE IT 2-0! It comes from a huge mistake at the back by Godfrey, as the left-back tries to play a ball back to Pickford, but it lacks pace and Jimenez gets there first and then races through on goal. The striker then coolly chips it over the top of the keeper and into the back of the net.,1
GOAL! WOLVES TAKE THE LEAD! Ait Nouri whips a corner into the penalty area and Kilman shows great desire to meet it in the box and he powers a header into the bottom left corner of the net! Really poor defending by Everton and Wolves now lead 1-0.,1
Burn catches Son with an arm to the face and goes into the book. Spurs have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Sanchez is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Vinicius. Spurs will change their shape to accommodate the forward.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TROSSARD PUTS BRIGHTON AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead as Trossard converts from close range. Brighton cut open Spurs down the right flank as Mac Allister releases the run of Gross. The German cuts the ball back towards the penalty spot for Trossard, who buries a low strike into the bottom-right corner.,1
The hard-working Zaza earns a standing ovation from the Torino faithful as he comes off for Falque in Mazzarri’s last substitution of the game.,0
RED CARD FOR INTER! Aina holds his hands up once Politano goes down after the slightest of touches, and the Inter substitute is sent off for dissent! He protests the decision not to award a free-kick at referee Maresca, but the situation ends with him being led down the tunnel. Torino are now a goal and a man up!,3
Ansaldi gets a well-earned rest after another excellent midfield display, and Berenguer comes on in his place to bring fresh legs to a tiring Torino midfield.,0
Lukic, who has been tidy in possession throughout this contest, comes off for Italy midfielder Baselli in Mazzarri’s first change of the match.,0
Aina unnecessarily charges at D’Ambrosio out on the wing, resulting in the winger getting his first booking of the match and Torino’s second.,2
Joao Mario, who has cut a frustrated figure throughout thanks to Rincon and Ansaldi’s dominant midfield displays, is hooked off for Politano in Spalletti’s second throw of the dice.,0
A tactical, yet blatant foul by D’Ambrosio stops Aina in his tracks, and earns the Inter wing-back a yellow card - his side’s third of the match so far.,2
In need of more guile and creativity in the midfield, Mazzarri hooks Miranda off and sends Nainggolan on the pitch for his first substitution of the match.,0
Brozovic loses his cool after getting challenged by Ansaldi, and he is swarmed by a sea of maroon and white, with both sets of players crowding around the touchline area. After some discussion, Dalbert ends up getting booked for an earlier foul on Ansaldi before the mini-fracas. Spalletti also has a go at Brozovic, mainly due to the overreaction by the Croatia midfielder.,2
De Vrij looks to have brought down Belotti once more, almost certainly warranting him another yellow and a first-half dismissal, but Maresca instead books the Torino forward for simulation.,2
GOOOOAAALLLL!!! TORINO GET A DESERVED LEAD!! Handanovic can only watch the ball loop over him as Izzo leaps higher than D’Ambrosio to meet Ansaldi’s high corner! 1-0 to the Granata, who have looked more dangerous with each passing attack!,1
Napoli may get one last chance as Younes wins a free-kick down their left. Conti is booked for the foul. Mertens will take it...,2
Piatek's 50th appearance for Milan is over. He goes off and grabs a raincoat before he heads to the bench. Leao comes on for him.,0
Napoli make their final change while Kessie receives treatment. Lozano, who's faded in the past few minutes, is replaced by Llorente. ,0
The referee isn't making himself popular here. Hernandez is next to find his name in the book for a foul on Lozano.,2
Elmas gets booked for simulation when Donnarumma slides in to stop him scoring from a 3 vs. 2 situation. It looked a penalty on first glance, but Donnarumma didn't touch him.,2
Insigne's game is over. He's smarting from the niggle he picked up after his latest shot. Younes comes on to replace him. How will that affect Napoli's attacking threat?,0
Milan substitution at half-time. Rebic is replaced by Kessie. Unsure whether that's tactical or due to an injury.,0
WHAT A GOAL! 1-1 MILAN! Bonaventura lashes a piledriver past Meret from range to draw things level! Bonaventura jumps over the barrier and pumps his fists at the crowd! What a strike that was!,1
GOAL! 1-0 NAPOLI! Di Lorenzo lofts a ball forward from the back but Milan don't fully deal with it. Insigne twists on the edge of the box and curls a fantastic shot towards goal which hits the corner of post and bar! Lozano arrives on the scene to nod the ball past Donnarumma! ,1
Bakker's speculative shot from distance rolls wide for a goal kick, and Moris is booked after taking 'just a little' too long to take the resultant goal kick!,2
Boniface has embodied everything good about Saint-Gilloise in this game and slotted home a superb opening goal, but the Nigerian is replaced late on by Swedish striker Gustaf Nilsson.,0
Wirtz drops deep to collect a pass from Tah, but he's clattered from behind by Lapoussin, who is immediately shown a yellow card for his reckless challenge.,2
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! What a way to equalise!!! It's a really well-worked goal from Leverkusen, and you have to say that it's been coming. Hincapie's forward pass to Azmoun sees the Iranian twist and turn away from two defenders, before laying the ball off to Wirtz. First-time, he curls a low, right-footed effort through the crowd, and the ball sneaks past a stretching Moris to nestle in the bottom corner! 1-1, and with less than 10 minutes to go, this first leg is blown wide open once again!,1
Lynen is next off for the visitors, with Oussama El Azzouzi coming into the midfield for the last 10 minutes of this game.,0
Leverkusen make their second change of the match, as the lively Adli is replaced by Sardar Azmoun, who will no doubt provide more of an outlet through the middle of their attack.,0
A positive Union SG move is cut out by Tah, who finds Adli down the right channel. He attempts to flick the bouncing ball over the head of Van der Heyden, but is caught very late by the defender, who picks up the first yellow card of the tie.,2
Sandro has his name taken for fouling Ghiglione and will have to tread carefully during these latter stages.,2
SCAMACCA!!! 2-1! Lifeline for Genoa! The visitors are right back in this contest as Scamacca climbs to meet a corner and firmly plant his header past Szczesny.,1
KULUSEVSKI!!! 1-0 JUVENTUS! What a start by the hosts, who make their early pressure tell! Cuadrado demonstrates lovely footwork as he gets the better of Masiello before laying the ball off for Kulusevski, who beats Perin with a well-placed first-time finish.,1
Mbappe is booked after he twice barges into the back of Assignon near the corner flag, sending him to the floor in frustration.,2
PSG have made a triple change of their own, with Gueye one of those to come off and he has been replaced in midfield by Herrera.,0
Rennes have made their first substitution, with Bourigeaud heading off and he has been replaced by Assignon.,0
The final yellow card is shown to Donnarumma, who kept getting involved and speaking to the referee, who lost patience with the keeper in the end.,2
Martin is booked after he squares up to Kimpembe and both sets of players lose their tempers on the edge of the PSG box.,2
GOAL! Rennes have taken the lead on the brink of half-time, it’s 1-0! It comes from nothing as PSG had been on top, but they’ve caught their opponents out on the break. Sulemana pops up down the left wing and whips a superb cross into the penalty area, which Laborde meets at the far post, getting there ahead of Mendes and he powers it into the back of the net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH SCORES THIS TIME!!!! 3-0!!! Salah missed a good opportunity for a third goal before the interval, but on this occasion he converts. Keita returns the favour for the second goal by releasing the forward behind the Cherries' backline. Ramsdale races off his line, but the forward clips the ball past him with his left foot and it rolls into the bottom-right corner.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KEITA FINDS THE NET!!!! LIVERPOOL 2-0!!!! The Reds take a huge stride towards another victory as Keita stabs the ball home from close range. The goal is all about Salah as he draws three players in coverage. However, the Egyptian pulls a rabbit out of the hat to release his team-mate with a sublime backheel in the box. Keita collects and pokes the ball with his right foot into the right side of the net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! OXLADE-CHAMBERLAIN SCORES!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The Reds take the lead with a fine goal converted by Oxlade-Chamberlain. Henderson sends the ball forward over the top of the Bournemouth defence from his own half. Oxlade-Chamberlain times his run to perfection to latch on to the precise delivery and he sticks out a boot to divert it past Ramsdale.,1
Szoboszlai drills a low effort from outside the area that Flekken is always going to save, diving low to his right. Klopp then brings on Quansah for the impressive Alexander-Arnold.,0
Diaz makes an emotional return to Anfield. The Colombia winger’s father was released this week after 13 days in captivity from a kidnapping in his homeland. The home crowd rise to their feet as the forward comes on for Jota.,0
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! LIVERPOOL MAKE IT 3-0! Jota’s first volleyed attempt is cleared as far as Tsimikas, who bursts down the left flank before offloading back to his team-mate. The Portugal international dances inside towards the edge of the area before curling a right-footed strike into the top-right corner. Flekken is completely unsighted by a wall of Brentford bodies and can do nothing to keep it out!,1
It’s going to be a triple change from Brentford. The first of which sees Wissa off for Maupay, who scored in his last outing against West Ham.,0
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 2-0 LIVERPOOL! The Bees were growing in confidence but that goal could end this game as a contest. Jota pokes through for Tsimikas, who stretches to keep the ball in play and cross towards the back post. Salah heads a simple finish into the back of the net to double his account and Liverpool’s lead. Brentford insist Tsimikas had not kept it in play but the VAR sticks with the on-field decision.,1
GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! LIVERPOOL OPEN THE SCORING! The Reds have been knocking and their reward finally arrives six minutes before half-time. Matip wins possession high up the pitch before Alexander-Arnold plays into the feet of Nunez. The Liverpool forward offloads for Salah, who takes a touch to the right of goal before sliding a left-footed finish into the bottom-left corner. 1-0 to Klopp’s side!,1
Matip is furious as he is cautioned for a late lunge on Norgaard. The Liverpool centre-back seemed to win the ball first, but referee Tierney disagrees.,2
Liverpool want to take a free-kick quickly but the referee stops play to caution Norgaard. The Brentford midfielder pulled back Jota to stop a counter-attack.,2
Brighton are making two changes to try and slow down the match. There is a straight swap in the midfield, with Baleba replacing Gilmour.,0
Brighton are looking to control the game. They are adding an extra pair of legs to their midfield, with Milner coming on for Pedro, who has scored the only goal in this match so far.,0
Amrabat was a combative player in AEK's midfield but is now being replaced. Eliasson started the last game and now comes on.,0
AEK are making three changes to try and alter the momentum of the match. Zuber had an influence in the match before the break and crashed the post, but is now coming off. Ponce takes his place.,0
Brighton make their first change of the game. Mitoma has had a quiet game by his standards and is now making his way off the pitch. Dahoud takes his place, meaning Pedro moves over to the left and Ferguson goes up front.,0
RED CARD! AEK are now down to 10 men. Gacinovic looks to go past Veltman but is tackled by the Brighton man inside the box. He then steps onto the foot of the defender and is shown his second yellow card.,3
GOALLL! PEDRO SCORES! 1-0 BRIGHTON! Pedro scores his third penalty against AEK in two games. He takes responsibility from the spot and rolls his shot into the bottom right corner, with Stankovic diving the other way.,1
The ball drops just inside AEK's half, with Adingra and Gacinovic in a race to get there first. The Brighton man wins the sprint race and touches it past Gacinovic, who goes into the book for a late tackle.,2
Hajisafi thinks quickly to poke the ball through the legs of Veltman before being pulled down by the defender. Veltman is then shown a yellow card.,2
Arsenal make a double substitution as they chase a late winner: the first sees Pepe make way for Odegaard.  ,0
Holgate is shown a yellow card after slamming into Pepe with a poor, late challenge near the byline. ,2
Jesus scored a neat finish earlier, and he now makes way for Nketiah, who will be keen to get in on the act off the bench.,0
Rice will receive a bit of a rest as he jogs off to be replaced by Jorginho, a winner of this competition during his time with Chelsea.,0
Arteta goes to his bench, choosing to give Saka a break after he produced a goal and an assist in the first half. Nelson is on for him.,0
Just seconds after coming on, Khusanov goes in the book for a foul on Martinelli, perhaps a little too eager to make an impact.,2
Arteta also looks to his bench, bringing on White for Tomiyasu. The former Brighton defender has only recently returned from injury.,0
GOAL!!! ODEGAARD MAKES IT FIVE!!! Arsenal catch Lens on the counter, and Saka lays it to his right for Tomiyasu. The defender lofts a cross into the middle, where Odegaard is there to run onto the ball before thumping a volley into the back of the net. It is 5-0 to Arsenal!!!,1
The first booking of the game goes to Mendy for tripping up Jesus in midfield. That seemed a little harsh considering what the referee has let go already.,2
GOAL!!! 4-0 TO ARSENAL!!! This is simply stunning from the Gunners as they carve the visitors open yet again. Tomiyasu scoops a delightful diagonal ball out to the left for Martinelli, and the winger twists and turns past Frankowski before arrowing a fine finish into the far corner, giving Samba no chance!,1
GOAL!!! JESUS MAKES IT 2-0!!! It all comes from brilliantly persistent work from Saka, whose mazy run takes him deep into the heart of the Lens defence. The visitors eventually get a foot in, but Saka manages to nudge into the path of Jesus, who shows great composure to cut back onto his right foot before dispatching into the bottom corner. Arsenal are surely on their way to securing first place in Group B!,1
GOAL!!! HAVERTZ SCORES THIS TIME!!! The Germany international went close a moment ago, and this time he finds the back of the net. Lens fail to deal with a Tomiyasu cross, and Jesus nods into the six-yard box, where Havertz is on his toes to get to the ball first and poke home at close range. 1-0 Arsenal!!!,1
And there is Benzema's goal! After a brilliant performance that was only missing a goal, the French striker finally gets his name on the scoresheet as he sidefoots an Asensio cross into the back of the net to make it 5-0 to the visitors.,1
It's another superb goal for Real Madrid! It's 4-0 to the visitors as Rodrygo smashes an effort into the roof of the net, after some excellent interplay by Benzema and the impressive Vinicius. Rodrygo's shot gave Trubin absolutely no chance.,1
The visitors double their lead! It's Vinicius with the goal after a dinked effort over the keeper Trubin. It was Modric who played a superb ball into him and the Brazilian made no mistake with his finish.,1
Corona comes off after an industrious display, and Fernando comes on in his place for Conceicao's second change.,0
GOOOAAALLL!! FIRMINO HAS MADE IT 3-1!! The substitute gets on the end of a wonderful cross by Henderson and glances a great header past Casillas to make it 5-1 on aggregate and put the tie well beyond doubt!,1
Robertson has picked up a tiny knock, and Henderson takes his place as a precautionary measure and the skipper's armband from Milner, who now moves into left-back.,0
That was Alexander-Arnold's last contribution of the game, as Gomez comes on in his place to make his long-awaited return to first-team action.,0
GOOOOAAALLLL!! GAME, SET AND MATCH LIVERPOOL!! Salah scores his first away goal of this season’s Champions League after a quick breakaway which saw him coolly dispatch the ball past Casillas following Alexander-Arnold’s raking throughball that completely deceived the Dragons’ backline! It’s now 2-0 to Klopp’s men as they lead 4-0 on aggregate!,1
Mane drops Militao with a stray arm with both going for an aerial ball, and the former receives the game’s first booking.,2
GOOOAAALLLL!! LIVERPOOL SCORE WITH THEIR FIRST SHOT ON TARGET! Not long after Van Dijk’s magnificent interception, the Reds score against the run of play after Salah ekes out a pinpoint pass towards Mane at the far post, and the Senegal forward pokes it home from close range! Despite referee Makkeile’s consultation with his assistants and VAR, the goal stands and Liverpool have the crucial yet undeserved 1-0 lead they craved!,1
Haraguchi has been one of Berlin's best in this game, but is brought off for more attacking options in the form of Anthony Ujah.,0
Michel loops the ball over the head of Nianzou, who can't stop in time, clatters into the substitute, and is yellow carded for his troubles.,2
Opening goalscorer Coman has had a brilliant game, and Bayern replace him with another electric winger in Serge Gnabry.,0
Awoniyi has been frustrated time and time again in front of goal, and Union bring on Andreas Voglsammer in the hope of achieving greater success on that front.,0
Musiala has impressed once again for Bayern, but his game ends with the introduction of Marcel Sabitzer.,0
Musiala pulls back Mohwald as the Berlin midfielder looks to advance over halfway, and the Bayern youngster is given a yellow card by the referee.,2
GGGGGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!!! Lewandowski's got another!!!! A delightful one-two between Musiala and Muller sees the youngster carry on his run into the box, and he flashes the ball across goal to Lewandowski who taps it home to make it 4-0 to Bayern! What. A. Player.,1
GOOOAAAALLLL!!! Lewandowski dispatches the penalty with ease, sending Luthe the wrong way and putting Bayern two goals to the good! 3-0 to the hosts right on half-time, and it's a long way back for Berlin now.,1
Lewandowski attempts to turn and sprint away from Baumgartl, but he's clipped by the Union defender on the way through, who receives the first booking of this match.,2
GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Bayern have two!!!! Kimmich's corner is perfectly weighted for the late run of Nianzou, who smashes a bullet header low into the corner!!!! It's 2-0 to Bayern, and shows how clinical the Bundesliga champions are!,1
Capelle is booked for handling the ball after the referee overturned his original decision and it hands PSG a penalty.,2
Another double change now by PSG, and it's a straight swap at right-back, with Dagba replaced by Hakimi.,0
GOAL! PSG are level, it's 1-1! They've finally found the equaliser and Danilo is the man to score it. Angers fail to clear the danger from a corner and it comes back out to Mbappe down the right, who then whips a cross towards the near post, which Danilo meets and he heads it into the back of the net. Game on!,1
Angers have made a substitution of their own, with Ali-Cho heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Brahimi.,0
RED CARD FOR RAFAEL! The Brazilian right-back receives his marching orders for a desperate lunge on Di Maria from behind just outside the box! Di Maria looked like he had the chance to score but now we'll never know. Lyon are down to 10 men!,3
It's a yellow card for Di María as he catches Rafael in the face with a high boot. It's accidental but still potentially nasty.,2
Paredes commits a cynical challenge on Traore as the Burkinabe striker looks to burst down the flank. Paredes is booked.,2
Lyon decide to send in reinforcements. Depay's game is done. Ekambi comes on for him and Denayer takes the captain's armband.,0
Lyon get a free-kick as Herrera catches Caqueret's throat while carrying the ball out from the box. Herrera's booked for his trouble. That looks harsh.,2
Lyon wisely take Guimaraes off with his usefulness compromised by that yellow card. His compatriot Mendes replaces him.,0
Guimaraes gets a yellow card for his umpteenth foul of the game, this time on Neymar. It's been coming.,2
Silva cynically holds back Dembele as the striker beats him for pace and earns himself a yellow card.,2
Caqueret is booked for a late challenge on Neymar just as PSG are looking to launch a counter-attack. He knew what he was doing.,2
Rassoul Ndiaye is on for Le Havre as we enter the final 10 minutes, with Kechta withdrawn in the attacking midfield position.,0
Alioui chases Vitinha down as the PSG midfielder advances through the gears, and eventually takes him to ground before being shown a yellow card.,2
Mukiele is also replaced, and a more natural centre-back in Milan Skriniar will come on in his place.,0
Soler has done well in a makeshift full-back role for the 10-man Parisiens, but comes off now for Lucas Hernandez to occupy the left-back berth.,0
A triple change coming for PSG after being forced into two substitutions early in the first half, with Dembele withdrawn as Randal Kolo Muani joins the forward line.,0
An attempted PSG break from Le Havre's corner is cut out by Operi, as the ball strikes his outstretched arm to earn the left-back a yellow card.,2
Casimir arguably came closest to netting an equaliser for Le Havre in the first half, and he's replaced by USA forward Emmanuel Sabbi.,0
GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! PSG overcome their rocky start to take the lead in Normandy!!! Lee drifts to the right and combines with Dembele, who squares for Mbappe on the edge of the box. He takes a touch to set himself, before curling a shot goalwards that strikes the post on its way into the bottom corner! Down to 10 men, PSG go 1-0 up just 13 minutes later, and it's Le Havre now fighting the uphill battle!,1
PSG's substitute goalkeeper Arnau Tenas will come on in Donnarumma's place, with forward Bradley Barcola the player withdrawn to make way for him.,0
Fabian picked up a nasty shoulder injury as he contested Le Havre's earlier corner, and after he's helped away from the pitch, Manuel Ugarte will come on to replace the Spaniard in PSG's midfield.,0
Home boss Mikel Azparren makes his third and final change of this first leg, bringing on Carroza for Guerrero with his side on top.,0
Lemar, whose biggest contribution on the match was a first-half shot on target, is replaced by Correa for the remaining half an hour of the contest.,0
GOOOOAL! Sant Andreu 0-1 Atletico Madrid! Atletico finally make the breakthrough in Catalonia through a well-taken Gelson strike. Vitolo slots it through and the Portuguese keeps his cool by tucking the ball under Segovia, who perhaps could have done better.,1
GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 3-0 OLYMPIACOS! Cancelo caps the win for City with a fine effort. The Portuguese full-back cuts inside from the right and curls a beautiful left-footed shot into the bottom left corner from outside the box.,1
GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 OLYMPIACOS! Jesus puts the game to bed with a roaring finish. De Bruyne slips Jesus into the box and the striker eludes Cisse with his stop-start run before he smashes the ball past Sa into the roof of the net at the near post.,1
Rodri also replaces Foden to shore up City's midfield. The hosts have lost some of the control over the game that they had in the first half.,0
Olympiacos don't mess around, making two changes at half-time. The Portuguese winger Bruma replaces Randjelovic.,0
GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 OLYMPIACOS! It's been coming. De Bruyne sends Torres through into the right of the box. Torres takes a lovely first touch and slides the ball under the legs of Sa.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AUBAMEYANG CONVERTS!! 2-0!! Arsenal double their advantage as the Gabonese slides the ball into the back of the net. Aubameyang waits for De Gea to commit himself and he slots the ball down the middle of the goal. Arsenal have control of the contest now.,1
Sokratis wipes out Pogba in the middle of the park and goes into the book. The defender has to be careful again.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLL!!! XHAKA SWERVES A STRIKE PAST DE GEA!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!! Arsenal take the lead with a sublime effort from Xhaka, although De Gea will not be thrilled with himself. United afforded the midfielder space and time to line up a strike from distance. He connected well with his effort and it travelled towards the net. De Gea lost the track of the ball as it swerved from right to left before nestling into the bottom corner. Not the Spaniard's best moment, but Arsenal will take it.,1
GOOOOAAALLLLL!! DANIELS MAKES IT 4-0!! The substitute managed to spend less than two minutes on the pitch before connecting with Ibe’s free-kick with a low header that leaves Arrizabalaga rooted to his spot!!,1
That was Stanislas’ last action of the match, and he comes off for new signing Mepham to a standing ovation.,0
Kovacic comes off for Loftus-Cheek in a like-for-like midfield swap for Sarri's final change of this match.,0
GOOOOAAALLLLL!!!! IT’S NOW 3-0 TO BOURNEMOUTH!! A magnificent team goal oozing in confidence, as Clyne pierces through the Chelsea defence with a brilliant throughball down the right wing which evades Emerson and David Luiz towards the quick Stanislas, who cuts it back for the grateful King to grab his brace!!,1
Surman becomes the first player to be booked by referee East following a bad challenge on substitute Willian.,2
Concern for Howe and his team, as Brooks stays down following a rough challenge. He comes off the pitch to a standing ovation and hopes that his injury isn’t too serious, and Ibe is brought on in his place.,0
GOOOOAAALLLL!!! BOURNEMOUTH DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE!! Sloppy play by David Luiz just when Chelsea were in possession mode, as the Brazilian gives the ball away to Brooks who exchanges a one-two with King before taking one touch to evade a challenge and using the other to slot it past Arrizabalaga!! It’s now 2-0 to the Cherries, and the Vitality Stadium is rocking!,1
Willian comes on for Pedro in Sarri’s first change of the match, and he immediately takes a corner which is immediately thwarted by a resolute Bournemouth defence.,0
Nego trips Giroud out on the left wing and is shown a yellow card. Vidi are struggling to keep pace with Chelsea at the moment. ,2
2-2! GIROUD! Barkley runs over the set piece. Giroud steps up and fires it straight into the top corner with his left foot. That is a superb free-kick from the Frenchman. ,1
WHAT A GOAL! NEGO MAKES IT 2-1! Nego is left in space at the back post by Emerson as Vidi counter-attack. The clipped cross drops perfectly for the midfielder, who sweetly strikes a first-time volley past Caballero.,1
1-0! WILLIAN! Willian picks himself up after the foul and takes the free-kick almost exactly in line with the right post. He beats the wall and the goalkeeper can only get a weak hand to the ball as it goes into the net. ,1
Brighton clear the bench, as March runs off the ground with Izquierdo being given the final seven minutes plus stoppage time, to make an impact on the game.,0
Brighton make their second change, in the midst of the stoppage, as Knockaert makes way for Jahanbakhsh.,0
Brighton make their first change of the day as Locadia makes way for Murray, in a like for like replacement.,0
Sané's day is done as he jogs off the ground, being replaced by Mahrez, who has a chance to impress, in the final 19 minutes plus stoppage time.,0
GOAL MANCHESTER CITY - Aguero takes on two in the middle, as he slides it in for Sterling, but Aguero continues running into the box. Sterling returns to sender, as he taps it in past Ryan to score a goal. Manchester City 2 - Brighton & Hove Albion 0.,1
Duffy connects with the lower leg of Silva, bringing him down in agony. Duffy immediately apologises to Silva, but it does not save him from the ire of the referee, who raises a yellow card in his direction.,2
Zidane makes the curious decision to withdraw Benzema for the closing stages. Rodrygo replaces the Frenchman.,0
Odriozola takes out Rudiger on a marauding run down the left flank. He goes into the book for the home side.,2
Havertz comes on to replace Werner in the final third for the visitors. The German was not clinical enough tonight for Tuchel's men.,0
Vinicius has had a tough evening and is withdrawn by Zidane. Hazard enters the action against his former club. He would love to haunt the Blues here.,0
Kroos brings down Kante from behind on the right flank and he goes into the book. Chelsea have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
GOOOOOAAALLLL!!! PSG HAVE TAKEN THE LEAD! Oh my word, what a turnaround. Mbappe got on the end of Neymar’s slick pass and kept his calm to send in a low cross with, of all people, Choupo-Moting on hand to tuck it home.,1
GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! PSG ARE LEVEL! Neymar gets in at the far post and puts it into the six-yard box. Marquinhos gets a toe on it, with Caldera only able to divert it in. It’s 1-1!,1
Zapata, meanwhile, is the other player to make way. Teenager Da Riva is on for his Champions League debut.,0
We’re into the closing stages, and there will be two changes for Atalanta. First, Castagne has replaced Gosens.,0
A final two changes from PSG. First, Navas has been forced off with that injury, with Rico on in his place.,0
And here is Mbappe for PSG! Tuchel has had little choice but to turn to the striker, who has replaced Sarabia. Can he inspire the French side?,0
Another booking for PSG, as they begin to get frustrated. Herrera has received a caution for bundling into Gomez.,2
Atalanta threaten to break, but Bernat halts them in their tracks with a robust challenge on Pasalic, with the full-back receiving a booking.,2
GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! ATALANTA TAKE THE LEAD! What a strike from Pasalic, who has curled a wonderful effort beyond Navas, who could only help it in. Zapata bundled the ball through to him, and Pasalic showed no hesitation. Atalanta 1-0 PSG.,1
GOAL! NICOLAS PEPE GETS A DOUBLE TO SEAL THE DEAL FOR ARSENAL! 3-1! The Ivory Coast international darts in between two defenders and slips a low finish in at the left post. That does it. Arsenal win at Selhurst Park to ruin Roy Hodgson's day.,1
GOAL! GABRIEL MARTINELLI HAS RESCUED ARSENAL! 2-1! Palace's hearts are broken! It's Martin Odegaard who holds up the ball and cuts the cross in towards the far post, where his fellow substitute brings it down, somehow edges it around Guaita and bundles home. Roy Hodgson's farewell is surely ruined.,1
McCarthy has bowed out for Palace now and Jairo Riedewald is the next man on in this game for Palace.,0
Now Jordan Ayew arrives for Palace, replacing Benteke - and the goalscorer gets a standing ovation from the Selhurst Park faithful as he exits.,0
Granit Xhaka replaces Tierney now, after a fine showing for the Scotsman. The Switzerland captain takes his place.,0
Martin Odegaard replaces Saka in the first change of the game - but is that a technical choice or something else? The latter has arguably been one of Arsenal's best players so far. If he is injured, plenty of people will be sweating on his fitness.,0
GOAL! CHRISTIAN BENTEKE LEVELS FOR CRYSTAL PALACE! 1-1! A foul on Zaha by Partey just on the Eagles' left flank hands Townsend a free-kick chance. As Nicolas Pepe hobbles to the side from an earlier knock, the ball is speared in - and the Belgian beats out everyone to land a fantastic low header past Leno. Selhurst Park erupts!,1
Elneny too is shown a yellow card for his part in the incident. Anthony Taylor will want it all to calm down out there.,2
GOAL! NICOLAS PEPE HANDS ARSENAL THE LEAD! 1-0! It is a great move from the Gunners, Saka setting up a back-heel for Tierney on the left edge, before the Scotsman sees his cross volleyed in at close-range. A huge boost to the visitors and a blow for the hosts.,1
Jeffrey Schlupp might have just ridden his luck a little bit there, after dragging his studs over Chambers with a challenge. It's a near-red - and indeed, is reviewed briefly - but the Palace man escapes with a yellow in the end.,2
Demirbay has been shown a yellow card after the final whistle, after protesting against the ending of the game. Hoffenheim feel that there should be a few more seconds to be played, but the referee calls time as they mount another attack.,2
Another late change for Lyon, with Terrier the man coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Ferri.,0
Lyon make a change as well, the third goalscorer Depay is coming off and he is replaced by Dembele. A decent change to be able to make!,0
GOOOAAALLL! Lyon level the scoreline, it's 2-2! Traore plays a lovely ball into space for Ndombele who races into the box and fires an effort at goal from a tight angle which appears to catch Baumann by surprise as the keeper fails to react fast enough, allowing the ball to bounce off his arm and into the back of the net. He should perhaps be going better at his near post.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Hoffenheim lead 2-1! Kramaric with his second goal of the game and it's a superbly taken goal. Demirbay drills an excellent ball into the box, which Kramaric takes down on his chest, then fires the ball into the back of the net, giving Lopes no chance of saving it. The perfect start to the second half by the hosts.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Hoffenheim score an equalising goal to make it 1-1! Kramaric started the move off down the left, the ball then finds it way out to the right-hand side of the penalty area. Poor defending from Lyon allows a free header to come all the way across to Kramaric who was unmarked at the back post, he then smashes the ball into the back of the net from just a couple of yards out.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Lyon lead 1-0 after a terrible defensive mistake by Vogt right on the edge of his own penalty area. Baumann played a quick goal-kick to the centre-back but he was put under heavy pressure straight away from Traore. The centre-back panics and tries to pass the ball back to his keeper but he doesn't put enough on the pass and Traore takes advantage, nicking the ball away and sliding the ball past the onrushing Baumann. A real gift for Lyon.,1
GOAL! Atletico Madrid 2-1 Borussia Dortmund! The visitors pull one back through Haller, who rides a deflected pass sent his way on the edge of the box, and spins to tuck a low finish beyond Oblak!,1
Maatsen goes into the book for a late challenge on Llorente now. The officials have mostly kept a smart lid on this game.,2
GOAL! Atletico Madrid 2-0 Borussia Dortmund! The hosts promptly go down the other end and double their lead through Lino, who picks up a terrific scoop pass from Griezmann to fire below Kobel from just inside the box.,1
Two yellow cards in two minutes for Atleti now, as Llorente is booked for dissent after he is cited for a foul on Can, with his angry reaction not one the officials like.,2
But now a future blow for Atleti, as Lino is booked for a hefty challenge. That yellow means he will miss the return leg in Germany.,2
Can is handed a yellow for a tactical foul now as the hosts break. Atleti work the long set-piece delivery into the box, where Sancho heads away.,2
GOAL! Atletico Madrid 1-0 Borussia Dortmund! A horrendous square pass from Maatsen after Kobel plays short is flicked straight to De Paul, who wrestles a low shot beyond the keeper just inside the box. First blood to the hosts!,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA PUTS MADRID AHEAD IN THE TIE!!!!!!!!! 3-1 ON THE NIGHT, 6-5 ON AGGREGATE! Once again in the Champions League Benzema holds his nerve. The Frenchman dispatches his effort low and hard into the bottom-right corner to send the Bernabeu into raptures. What a comeback from the home side.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RODRYGO LEVELS THE TIE!!!!!!!!! 2-1 ON THE NIGHT!!!! Out of nowhere Madrid are back in the game as Rodrygo dispatches a perfect header past Ederson. Carvajal delivers a precise cross from the right flank that Asensio flicks on, allowing the Brazilian to rise between Laporte and Dias to place his effort into the top-left corner. What a turnaround at the Bernabeu.,1
Mahrez has made the decisive impact tonight to put City on the brink of the Champions League with a brilliant strike. He is replaced by Fernandinho to shore up the City midfield.,0
Grealish replaces Jesus for the final 12 minutes. City have fresh legs to run at the Madrid backline.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MAHREZ FINDS THE NET WITH A ROCKET!!!!! 1-0 CITY!!!!!!! The visitors take the lead on the night and a two-goal advantage in the tie courtesy of a super effort from Mahrez. Silva leads a break forward for City to the edge of the box before offloading to Mahrez in the inside-right channel. The winger connects first-time on his left foot, beating Courtois for pace and precision into the top-right corner.,1
Laporte goes down theatrically after being caught by Modric and brushes the Madrid man's face with his hand in the process. He is booked too.,2
RICO BEATEN AGAIN AS RASHFORD MAKES IT FOUR! Rashford gets into the left-wing position and walks towards the penalty box before stopping shortly outside and belting an absolute thunderbolt which beats the goalkeeper at the near post! It’s a sublime goal out of absolutely nothing!,1
ANGUISSA IS SENT OFF! Following a challenge with Rashford, Anguissa is shown a second yellow, sending him off! It was a hard challenge, but it seemed fair at first. Rashford was not pleased with the challenge and the two get into a bit of pushing and jostling at the end. Ranieri is very unhappy on the touchline, but it makes no difference. Fulham are down to 10 men!,3
GOAL! The substitute, brought on just over 20 minutes ago wins the penalty and converts it with a cool finish to the right-hand side!  3-1!,1
It's two changes for Ranieri as Cairney will also play no further part – Vietto is the man to come on in his place.,0
Dalot brings down Bryan who was bearing down on the penalty area. He’ll receive a yellow for the challenge. ,2
Anguissa steps in and takes Lingard down from behind in a cynical challenge which earns him a yellow card. ,2
MATA MAKES IT 2-0! Such a simply worked goal as Lukaku ends up on the left-wing with the ball and fires a perfectly weighted pass forward for Rashford who barrels into the penalty area. He looks up and finds Mata completely alone on the penalty spot, and he pulls it back for the Spain international to finish with a low left-footed effort! Well deserved! ,1
WHAT A FINISH FROM YOUNG! 1-0 with a goal of the highest quality from Young who feints to win some space before cutting inside the penalty area from the left-hand side, beating Odoi in the process and bending a well-struck shot into the far corner, leaving Rico completely mystified!  ,1
GOOOOAALLLL!!! TIERNEY! What a finish that is from the full-back. Willian got down the left and supplied a pass into the former Celtic youngster, who sidesteps his marker before drilling a brilliant strike across Helton and into the bottom-right corner. It’s 2-2, but Arsenal still need another one!,1
Arteta reacts by making two changes. Ceballos is one of the players to go off. He has made way for Partey, who has returned from injury.,0
GOAL! Oh my word, what a mistake from Ceballos! It was the midfielder who conceded the free-kick for Benfica’s equaliser, and he has now cost Arsenal a second. Helton kicked it long and Ceballos inexplicably tried to head it back to Leno. He was totally unaware of Rafa, however, and the forward nipped onto it, rounded Leno and hit home in an empty net.,1
Pizzi, who has been on the fringes of things, also makes way. He has been replaced by the pacy and direct Everton.,0
GOOOOOAAALLL!! BENFICA STRIKE BACK! What a hit from Goncalves! He gets his effort up and over the wall and it dips wickedly into the top-left corner, giving Leno no chance! It’s 1-1!,1
GOAL! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD! Aubameyang has put the Gunners ahead, lifting a superb, composed finish over Helton after latching onto Saka’s excellent through ball. There is a check for offside, but the goal stands. It’s 1-0 Arsenal!,1
An early booking for Taarabt – who of course is a former Premier League player. He has found his form with Benfica, but just lunged in late on Gabriel.,2
It's not a great challenge from Hack as he slides in on Kouassi. He takes him out with a trailing leg and picks up a yellow card. ,2
MUSIALA SCORES! Gnabry's cross is too deep, but Pavard recycles it by picking out Musiala. On the edge of the box, he skips past Barreiro to get into space. He drills his low shot across goal, and Zentner can't get down in time to keep it out. 2-1 Bayern! ,1
Nagelsmann is making a triple change as well. Sane is the first to go off, with Gnabry replacing him.,0
There's a double change for Mainz here. Burkardt, who's struggled to have an impact in the second half, makes way for Ingvartsen. ,0
Stach clips the back of Muller's heels as he tries to get back. It looked more accidental than anything else, but he's shown a yellow card. ,2
Hernandez gets turned around by Onisiwo and the defender ends up dragging him to the floor. He's booked for the challenge. ,2
COMAN EQUALISES! It's a long, direct ball over the top from Tolisso, and Coman times his run to stay onside. He brings it down with a brilliant first touch before taking it into the box. Zentner rushes out, but the Frenchman fires his shot through the keeper's legs and into the bottom corner. 1-1! ,1
Musiala steps across the back of Burkardt and clips the forward in his attempts to win the ball. The free-kick is given and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
ONISIWO SCORES! Martin's persistence down the left keeps the chance alive for Mainz, and he squares in Burkardt, who does well to get away from Hernandez. He lifts it into Onisiwo in the middle, and he's left with a simple header into the back of the net. 1-0 Mainz!,1
Guardiola brings on an extra centre-back for the closing stages as Otamendi takes over from Rodrigo, who has been struggling with cramp.,0
Modric is off and Valverde on in the second of those changes - a substitution that could have perhaps been made a little earlier.,0
Carvajal is off and Vazquez on as Zidane makes a triple substitution in an attempt to salvage his side's European campaign.,0
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! CITY 2-1 MADRID!! ANOTHER VARANE HOWLER! Or should that be double howler?! Varane misses the initial header and is then short with his attempted headed pass back to Courtois. Jesus intercepts and beats Courtois from the angle with a fine finish to surely seal a quarter-final spot for City.,1
GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! CITY 1-1 MADRID!! GAME ON! Benzema plays the ball to Rodrygo and continues his run into the middle. Rodrygo, having knocked the ball down the line to himself, crosses towards the edge of the six-yard box and Benzema gets to it ahead of Fernandinho to head in.,1
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! CITY 1-0 MADRID!! The visitors have been a little too keen to pass out from the back early on and have paid the ultimate price. Courtois rolls the ball to Varane to his right and the centre-back is caught in possession by Jesus, who squares for Sterling to guide it into an empty net.,1
Perhaps a sign of Manchester United's desperation, Van de Beek makes a rare appearance, as Lindelof traipses off.,0
Ten Hag makes an unorthodox double switch, taking off both central defenders: first, Varane is replaced by Maguire.,0
Rashford follows Mount to the touchline, taken off early after a disappointing performance. Eriksen comes on to replace him.,0
Having failed to make a major impact on his first Premier League start, Pellistri is withdrawn; fellow youngster Garnacho - who scored against Crystal Palace on Tuesday - replaces him.,0
PALACE LEAD! Scoring a first-half goal for the first time this season, Crystal Palace go 1-0 up at Old Trafford! From Eze's free-kick, taken wide on the right, Andersen hooks a brilliant finish into the top-right corner! He hammers it past Onana from 10 yards and sends the away fans crazy!,1
After Ayew steals the ball from Amrabat in midfield, Casemiro lunges into a sliding challenge on the Palace forward and picks up an early booking. He must be careful for the rest of the game.,2
GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Fernandes seals the win for United right at the death. United earn a free-kick deep in their own half which Pogba takes quickly. The Portuguese midfielder scampers forward into the box and slots calmly past Sanchez.,1
McTominay picks up a late yellow card for one niggly foul too many. United are starting to get slightly nervy.,2
Mac Allister hauls Rashford down as the substitute bursts forward on the counter-attack for United. A yellow card is the Argentine's reward.,2
Elanga's game is over for United. The Swede has worked hard for the hosts and has played a key role by getting Dunk sent off. Rashford comes on for him.,0
Brighton decide to switch things up now they have to play with 10 men. Trossard is sacrificed to bring Lamptey on.,0
RED CARD FOR BRIGHTON! After taking a second look at the incident, the referee wipes out Dunk's yellow card and replaces it with a straight red! Dunk did land himself in trouble there, and denied Elanga an obvious goalscoring opportunity.,3
Fernandes is shown the yellow card for protesting the decision with the referee. He's convinced Dunk should be sent off! After some discussion, Bankes heads over to look at the pitchside monitor...,2
Palmer's goal seems like an age ago but Chelsea won't be thinking about that right now. Casadei has come on to try and secure the three points.,0
GAME ON! 2-1 DANNY WELBECK! He gets in between the two Chelsea centre-backs and pokes in the cross. There are over three minutes left to play here, could they?,1
Verbruggen is a lucky man to only see yellow. He takes out Jackson after he is bypassed by the forward. Jackson was wide of the goal but he had a clear shooting chance, well obviously not actually according to the referee. It is a free-kick to Chelsea on the edge with Verbruggen in goal.,2
Sterling gets Chelsea's first yellow card of the game. He clatters into the Brighton player and can't really complain about the card.,2
Gusto also makes way and after struggling at the end of the first-half has carried on and been vital in Chelsea scoring a second. James is on for his second appearance since returning from injury.,0
THE BALLOON IS OUT! NKUNKU DOUBLES CHELSEA'S LEAD! He sprints into the box and passes the ball into the net. It is a sight that Chelsea fans have been dying for, but they have probably been more excited to see his balloon celebration. It has been a long time coming but he puts the Blues 2-0 up.,1
WHAT A GOAL! WHO ELSE BUT COLE PALMER! Normally he produces magic with his feet but this time he is unleashing a beautiful header that curves away from Verbruggen to make it 1-0. Chelsea have found a gem with him and he is continuing to deliver.,1
Carvajal is booked for catching Merino late, over on the Sociedad left. It's a good crossing position for Januzaj.,2
Marvin Park comes on in a straight swap for Rodrygo in attack. The 20-year-old has come through Madrid's youth ranks, having previously spent three years at Tranmere Rovers!,0
Here he comes! David Silva makes his Real Sociedad debut, replacing Isak. After 10 years, he's back in La Liga.,0
Mendy is booked for a shoulder-barge on Portu as the Sociedad winger looked to break away down the right. Again, a booking seems harsh.,2
Cancelo receives a booking for a cynical challenge on Paganini just as the latter was about to break away down the right. Referee Giua had no choice but to card the full-back, although he could count himself lucky not to have been sent off there!,2
Cassata becomes the fourth player booked in this match for tugging on Pjanic’s shirt seconds after the latter came on the pitch.,2
And that goal was Ronaldo’s last contribution of the match, as he comes off to the adulation of the home fans for Bernardeschi in Allegri’s first change of the game.,0
GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! RONALDO STRIKES AGAIN!! Bentancur gets on the end of Dybala’s pass from deep in midfield and plays Mandzukic with a cute ball, and the Croatia forward’s subsequent cut-back is met with a rasping shot by the Portugal star into the back of the net! 3-0 to the Bianconeri, and they now have the breathing space they needed!,1
Baroni makes the first substitute of the match as skipper Ciofani makes way for Italy Under-20 forward Pinamonti, who is currently on loan from Inter.,0
Salamon becomes the second Frosinone player to be booked by referee Giua following some poor defending, pulling down Mandzukic just as the forward was about to turn away and go through on goal.,2
GOOOOAAALLLL!!! JUVE DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! Mandzukic’s header from the back post following a knock-down from another home corner forced Sportiello into an excellent save, but Bonucci is the quickest to get on the loose ball and the centre-back celebrates his return from injury with a goal to make it 2-0 to the Bianconeri!,1
Portillo is brought on for the final couple of minutes of Getafe's European campaign. Olivera is the player to make way.,0
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! INTER 2-0 GETAFE! A minute after being brought off the bench, Eriksen blasts home from eight yards to surely seal the win for Inter. It all came about as a result of Dakonam's poor clearance, which the Spanish side could not recover from.,1
It is Conte's turn to make a change as Sanchez, who is to join Inter permanently on Thursday, takes over from Martinez up top.,0
GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! INTER 1-0 GETAFE!! Lukaku fires Inter in front at the VELTINS-Arena! This is the Belgian striker at his best, allowing Bastoni's long pass to run past him before holding off Etxeita and firing an angled shot away from Soria from the edge of the six-yard box.,1
Odegaard is withdrawn by Arteta and is replaced by Smith Rowe. It might be due to the knock that he took from McGinn.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MARTINELLI RESTORES ARSENAL'S LEAD!!!!! 2-1!!!!!!! The Gunners are back in front as Martinelli's strike beats the hand of Martinez to find the top-left corner. Martinelli starts the move down the left flank before working the ball across to the right flank. Tomiyasu feeds Saka, who clips a cross back to the left flank. Martinelli is there to meet it on his left foot and finds the back of the net, although Martinez will feel that he should have done better.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DOUGLAS LUIZ SCORES DIRECT FROM A CORNER!!!!!! 1-1!!!! Villa are back in the game as Douglas Luiz arcs a corner in at the near post. Ramsdale is stranded in the middle of his goal and blocked off by Watkins. The precision of the strike on the ball from Douglas Luiz finds the back of the net. There are appeals from the Gunners for a foul on Ramsdale, but the referee and VAR agree that the goal stands.,1
Jesus gets the wrong side of Konsa and is pulled back by the defender. The Villa man goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! JESUS SCORES!!!!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!!! The Gunners take the lead at last as Jesus pounces on a rebound from Xhaka's deflected cross to find the back of the net. Xhaka is played down the inside-left channel by Martinelli and sends a cross towards the middle that takes a deflection off Konsa. Martinez should still make a routine save, but parries the ball into the middle of the area. Jesus is the first to react and steers his effort past the Villa keeper with his left foot.,1
Ramsey lunges with a strong challenge on Martinelli. He wins the ball, but he goes in with studs raised. The Villa man goes into the book.,2
Casemiro loses control of the ball on the edge of the Elche box and slides in to try to regain possession. However, he clatters into Josema and is booked by the referee.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MODRIC HEADS HOME!!!! 1-0 MADRID!!! Los Blancos take the lead as Modric converts with a close-range header. He starts the move before Kroos picks out Asensio. The Spaniard drills a strike from distance towards goal that smashes off the underside of the bar. Modric is the first player to react and he steers his header away from Badia into the top-right corner. Predatory from the midfielder.,1
Frankfurt are making another change following that goal. Tuta went down with cramp a few minutes ago, and he's not able to carry on, so Hrustic comes on in his place.,0
KOSTIC SCORES! He started the move off by nutmegging Upamecano before leaving the defender on the floor as he cut back inside. Lammers couldn't get a shot away, but it came back out to him on the left and he drilled a brilliant effort in from a difficult angle. It's over Neuer's outstretched arm and into the far bottom corner. 2-1 Frankfurt! ,1
The yellow card is out again for Hauge this time as he takes out Sane's legs from behind to give away a free-kick.,2
There's a double change for Frankfurt here and Toure, who picked up an injury minutes ago, is being replaced by Da Costa.,0
HINTEREGGER SCORES! It's a great header as he rises highest on the edge of the six-yard box to get on the end of Kostic's cross. He thumps it over Neuer in the middle and makes up for his mistake that led to the Bayern goal at the other end. 1-1! ,1
David Silva replaces Rodri for the hosts as Guardiola removes his defensive midfielder from the fray.,0
Aguero is withdrawn for Jesus. The Argentine is not happy with his manager, although Guardiola seems to be suggesting that the forward should have made his way off the pitch at the near point of exit rather than directly to the bench. One to monitor...,0
GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUCAS SCORES WITH HIS FIRST TOUCH!!! 2-2!!! Spurs notch their second equaliser of the game. Lucas comes off the bench and makes an instant impact. He rises above Walker to glance his header from Lamela's cross over Ederson and into the net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LAMELA EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! Spurs are back in the contest almost immediately as the Argentine sends a fine finish past Ederson. Lamela is afforded space and time between the City midfield and defence. Ederson's positioning is suspect and allows the Tottenham winger to bend his effort beyond his reach into the back of the net. Game on.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLL!!! STERLING HEADS CITY IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead out of nothing as Sterling converts at the back post. De Bruyne is the architect as he whips a pinpoint delivery towards his team-mate. Sterling travels off the back of Walker-Peters and nods his effort across Lloris and into the net. A super finish from the forward, who has his fourth of the campaign.,1
Luiz throws the ball away in frustration after the referee chooses not to play the advantage to Villa. It's right in front of Craig Pawson and he's booked for dissent. ,2
RAMSEY PULLS ONE BACK! It's great work from Bailey as he rolls the challenges from Arsenal's defenders on the edge of the box and when he loses control of it, Ramsey is there. He hits the shot first time, curling it out of Ramsdale's reach and right into the top corner. 3-1! ,1
Lacazette stretched to poke an effort towards goal and instantly signalled to the bench. He received treatment on the pitch, but goes straight off and is replaced by Odegaard.,0
Targett slides in on Saka and takes him out without getting anywhere near the ball. He's booked for the challenge.,2
Villa are making a change at the start of the second half. Tuanzebe is going off, which means Villa will now be playing with a back four, and Bailey is on to replace him.,0
AUBAMEYANG SCORES! The forward is alert when Martinez pushes the ball away and he reacts quickly to get on the rebound. He lifts his shot over the keeper before he can react and hits the back of the net. 2-0 Arsenal! ,1
McGinn loses the ball to Lokonga and then takes out the Belgian in his attempts to win it back which earns him a yellow card.,2
PARTEY SCORES! The goal has been coming, and Arsenal finally take the lead! It's a good corner from Smith Rowe and the first man misses it. Partey gets away from his defender and flicks his header into the ground. It bounces just in front of Martinez and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Arsenal! ,1
Targett went over the top to try and pick out Watkins, but Gabriel shielded it back to his keeper by backing into the forward. Watkins pushes him to the ground and is shown a very early booking.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SUAREZ SCORES!!! INCREDIBLE SCENES!!! 4-4!!!! Barcelona rescue a point at the death to deny Villarreal an important three points. Pedraza fails to clear the danger from a Barcelona corner and Suarez pounces on the loose ball. He hammers a low strike towards the bottom corner with his left boot and it flies past Asenjo. It was struck superbly and gave the keeper no chance. Somehow the Catalan club avoid defeat.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI SCORES!!! BARCELONA HAVE LIFE!!! 4-3!!! Of course the Argentine finds the net to set up a tense finale. It's a super effort from Messi as he curls his effort towards the left side of the goal. The ball strikes the inside of the post and nestles into the back of the net. Game back on!,1
OFF! Gonzalez puts his team under unneccessary pressure with a late dismissal. He was already on a booking and flew into a challenge with Suarez. The referee had no alternative but to send the defender on his way.,3
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BACCA MAKES IT FOUR!!!! 4-2 VILLARREAL!! WHAT A PERFORMANCE!!! The league leaders are imploding here as the home side take a huge stride towards the three points. Cazorla releases Bacca through the middle with a delightful throughball. The striker still has a lot to do, but he holds his composure to round Ter Stegen before slotting the ball into the back of the net. An incredible second-half display from Calleja's men.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! EKAMBI EQUALISES!!! 2-2!! Villarreal are back in the game as the forward finds the back of the net, although it's not a great look for Ter Stegen. Ekambi breaks down the right flank and keeps the ball in play. He speeds away from Lenglet before clipping a strike towards goal. Ter Stegen expects him to go across the face of goal to find Chukwueze, but he goes for the corner and finds the net. A fine effort if Ekambi meant it.,1
Busquets loses possession and in his bid to win back the ball he fouls Morlanes, going into the book in the process.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHUKWUEZE GETS A GOAL BACK!!! 2-1!!!! Villarreal are back in the game completely against the run of play. Chukwueze runs at Lenglet down the right inside channel and fires the ball low towards the target. His effort takes a slight deflection before striking the post. The forward is alert to pounce on the rebound and with his left boot, he places his strike into the opposite corner. Game on.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BARCELONA NOTCH THEIR SECOND!!! 2-0!!! Malcom notches his first LaLiga goal with a finely placed header beyond Asenjo to put his team in command. Vidal was afforded space and time on the right flank to lift a cross to the back post. Malcom was there and he angled his header to find the corner. A fine finish from the Brazilian.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! COUTINHO PUTS BARCA AHEAD!! 1-0!!! The visitors cut open the Villarreal defence with ease down the right flank, which allows Malcom to tee up Coutinho for a simple tap-in. Sergi Roberto starts the move with a ball down the right flank for Malcom. He collects and sprints into the right inside channel before placing a low ball across the face of goal for Coutinho to convert. A VAR check confirms that neither Barcelona player was offside. It was all too easy for Valverde's men.,1
Villarreal have made a double change at the break with the first switch seeing Pena replaced by Bruno.,0
The scorer of Heidenheim's second goal, Beste is given a breather by Schmidt after a good day's work. He is replaced for the dying moments by Thomalla.,0
Only Kim and Upamecano completed more passes for Bayern than Pavlovic, who goes off to be replaced by Davies.,0
Thomas Muller is also given a breather with Tel having another opportunity to impress from the bench.,0
Theuerkauf is also given a breather by Schmidt. He is replaced by Beck, who was only player to make way from last weekend's win over Stuttgart.,0
Heidenheim make a couple of changes just after the hour mark. The first sees Maloney, who picked up a knock in the first half, replaced by Sessa.,0
Heidenheim threaten to quickly counter and Mazraoui is adjudged to have tripped Beste. The Bayern right-back receives the first yellow card of the game.,2
Valverde's game is over. He's replaced by James, who can relax knowing that Madrid have already got the job done.,0
Vinicius goes off to applause from the Madrid fans - his goal may well prove to be the difference. Rodrygo replaces him. ,0
Nacho gets a deserved yellow card for holding back Moncayola as he looks to break forward. Seconds later, Kroos hits the deck but play is called back to Madrid's chagrin.,2
Lillo gets booked for losing a foot race with Nacho towards the corner flag and completely misreading the bounce of the ball, kicking straight through the Madrid full back. Madrid free-kick.,2
Rrahmani pulls back Maddison and goes into the box. Leicester have an opportunity to send a cross into the box from the free-kick.,2
OFF! Leicester will play the final two minutes with 10 men as Ndidi is sent off. The midfielder pulls the shirt of Ounas and is given his second yellow card of the night then the red.,3
Soumare is withdrawn for the Foxes from the middle of the park. Maddison replaces him for the final 12 minutes.,0
Tielemans gives the ball away from a free-kick and Ounas breaks upfield for the visitors. Soyuncu dives in and gives away a free-kick in a central position 20 yards from goal. The defender goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Di Lorenzo commits a cynical challenge to pull back Daka after the forward attempted to break past the defender. He goes into the book.,2
Villarreal throw caution to the wind with their latest change, as captain Albiol comes off for Aissa Mandi.,0
Lewandowski won't get the chance to complete his hat-trick, as he's brought off for Ousmane Dembele with 15 minutes left to play.,0
De Jong also comes off, and is replaced at the base of Barca's midfield by their club captain Sergio Busquets.,0
Barca make their first two changes of the game, and both are defensive, with Roberto being replaced by Hector Bellerin at right-back.,0
Morlanes is next off for the Yellow Submarine, and is replaced in midfield by his namesake Manuel Trigueros.,0
Pedraza has picked up an injury and can't continue, and the Villarreal left-back will be replaced by Johan Mojica after a quarter of an hour of play.,0
Neves gets a yellow for arguing with Taylor, as he feels that Wolves deserved a foul call in the build-up to an earlier chance.,2
Nunes makes a sliding tackle on De Bruyne, who rolls over about four times, and Taylor promptly books the Wolves player.,2
IT'S A STRAIGHT RED CARD FOR NATHAN COLLINS! It's a flying kick on Grealish, and it's WAY too high! That is not a good challenge at all as he catches the City player on his thigh and stomach. He has not done his team any favours at all. It is especially reckless since it is at the touchline and nowhere near goal.,3
Diaz seems to be distracted, and Rodri has to react as Wolves get the ball, pulling back Nunes by the shirt. It's right in front of Anthony Taylor, and Wolves get a free-kick right outside of the box.,2
Ranieri brings on fresh legs up top as he gives, scorer of the second goal, Keita a rest and replaces the forward with La Gumina.,0
Hakimi chops down Keita, perhaps more out of frustration than any thing and deservedly becomes the next name in the referee's book.,2
Askildsen joins Keita in the book a minute later for a needless pull of the shirt on Hakimi and then for kicking the ball away in an attempt to waste time.,2
Keita leaves his mark on De Vrij in the air and the forward becomes the next name in referee Valeri's growing list of cautions.,2
Barella, who gave away the penatly for Sampdoria's opener, is brought off in a like-for-like swap with Vidal.,0
Thorsby is the next into the book as he catches Skriniar with an accidental elbow when going up for an aerial duel.,2
At half-time, Perisic replaces Young at left wing-back as the visitors look for more of an attacking threat down the left-hand side.,0
Barella gives away the penalty and also gets booked for stopping Tonelli's shot at the back post which seemed destined for the far corner.,2
Martinez gets the first booking of the game for the ball hitting his hand on the edge of the area after Jankto had volleyed towards goal.,2
Here is the final Everton substitution and it's an enforced one as Digne has picked up an injury, so Jagielka is his replacement, with Zouma moving out to left-back.,0
Here come the Everton substitution, with Gueye coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by McCarthy.,0
McTominay is the first United player to be booked, after his late challenge on Calvert-Lewin. A sign of frustration by the midfielder.,2
United have made a double substitution ahead of the second half, perhaps enforced after Jones picked up an injury and he has been replaced by Young.,0
Gueye is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Fred late, deep inside the Everton half.,2
Jovic puts in an unnecessary tackle on Gelli and mistimes it, catching the substitute which earns him a yellow card to add to his goal and assist.,2
Traore comes on for just his second appearance for Milan, after earning his debut on Tuesday against Borussia Dortmund. He will take over for Pulisic, who exits the match with a goal to his name.,0
Frosinone introduce another player on loan from Juventus, with Jorge taking Cuni's spot at striker. He will look to interchange with his other two team-mates both tonight and with the Bianconeri: Barrenechea and Soule.,0
Looking to keep possession in the final 25 minutes with a two-goal advantage, Milan send Adli into the fray for Chukwueze. That should see Musah pushed higher onto the wing, with the substitute playing on the right of a midfield trio.,0
Hernandez leaves his position at centre-back and goes on an enterprising run down the left but he’s hacked to the floor by Barrenechea, whose sliding challenge fails to get any of the ball. It’s a yellow card for the Frosinone midfielder - the first booking of the game.,2
Di Francesco makes a change for the visitors three minutes before the hour, with Reinier making way for Gelli.,0
Vallejo picks up a late yellow card for a foul on Puig. It's academic at this point, though, as the final whistle blows!,2
Granada make a quick change during the break. Eleki is replaced by the Atletico Madrid loanee centre-back Perez.,0
Alba's booked for his reaction to the penalty being given. Granada have the chance to equalise from the spot...,2
Barcelona make a substitution. Puig is on for Busqets. Koeman might as well give the 21-year-old a runout at this point.,0
Granada are making some curiously early changes. Soro is the next player to head off. The left-sided Vico is on for him.,0
Roberto trudges off for treatment. Hopefully his injury isn't too bad. Dest takes his place as Barca's right-back.,0
Eteki's rightly booked for barging Messi off the ball during a Barca counter-attack. He knew what he was doing.,2
Messi's booked for catching Diaz with a high foot. That was scarcely worse than the challenge he suffered a few moments ago but those are the rules.,2
Here is the Chelsea substitution, with Fabregas coming off the pitch to a standing ovation and it looks like he is saying goodbye to the crowd, surely his last appearance in a Chelsea shirt. Kante is his replacement.,0
There won't be a hat-trick for Morata, he's coming off to be replaced by Azpilicueta. The striker doesn't seemed pleased with that decision and goes straight down the tunnel.,0
Colback is the first Forest player to be booked after clipping the ankles of Barkley as he looked to break forward quickly.,2
Forest make their first substitution of the game, with Cash coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lolley.,0
Loftus-Cheek has been forced off with what appears to be a back problem, which he has had a lot of trouble with in recent weeks. Hazard comes on in his place.,0
Barkley is shown the first yellow card of the game after he brings down Carvalho. The midfielder raced past him and Barkley slid in, taking the legs of the Forest man.,2
Nacho is shown a yellow card on the bench after complaining to the referee following a challenge on Vinicius.,2
Kovacic is off for Jeremy Doku in City's latest change, and the Belgian winger will be keen to get straight into the thick of things after five goal contributions at the weekend.,0
City keep the ball with ease in the final third as Grealish drifts inside to get in on the action. He steps across the edge of the box and has Amenda following him closely, who is booked after cynically taking the England winger to ground.,2
Itten is off in Young Boys' first change of the match, and the more defensive Miguel Chaiwa is his replacement.,0
Two goals, one of which was a fantastic 20-yard finish, are all Haaland will manage in this game, as he's withdrawn for fellow Norwegian youngster Oscar Bobb despite being on a hat-trick.,0
City captain Walker is withdrawn, with Kalvin Phillips entering the fray in a change that will see the former Leeds man slot into midfield with Ake, Dias and Gvardiol behind him.,0
Kovacic latches onto Haaland's throughball and steps through the middle before being clipped by Benito on the edge of the box, winning a free-kick from right on the line as the Young Boys defender is shown the first booking of the match.,2
Grealish's first touch is poor as Patterson intervenes before the City winger slides through the back of McNeil when trying to recover near the left-hand touchline. The England international goes into the referee's book for that challenge from behind on the Everton man.,2
Harrison, who opened the scoring with a well-taken finish in the 29th minute, rushes off to be replaced by Danjuma. Dyche is heading towards last-chance saloon to salvage a point here.,0
Alvarez, still a bit dazed by Tarkowski's well-timed sliding challenge, returns to the Goodison Park pitch to a chorus of jeers. Branthwaite then fells Silva with a late lunge and goes into the referee's book. Tensions are rising on Merseyside!,2
Guardiola opts to make a change as well, first bringing on Kovacic for Nunes. The Croatia midfielder will offer some much-needed experience to City's midfield.,0
Everton also introduce Keane for Gomes. Dyche will revert to a back-three formation with the arrival of the centre-back.,0
Dyche looks to the bench, sending on Calvert-Lewin for Beto as Everton search for a way back into this clash.,0
Dalot receives the first booking of the contest for wiping out Koleosho as the teenager skipped past him.,2
Gross is pulled to the floor by Holgate and the Seagulls have a free-kick down the left-hand side midway inside the Everton half. The Everton defender goes into the book. ,2
Ancelotti also turns to his bench for the closing stages, bringing on Broadhead for Davies. It is still 0-0. ,0
Keane cheaply loses the ball on the edge of his own box. In seeking to make amends, his slides in on Welbeck and catches the attacker. He is shown a yellow card and the Seagulls have a free-kick in a dangerous central area. ,2
Dunk is the first player in this match to pick up a yellow card. The defender steps across Richarlison midway inside the Everton half, and he can have no complaints with the decision. ,2
Tavernier picks up a booking for a less-than-clean bit of play on Pogba's heels. That comes as a slight relief for United.,2
It's a booking for Pogba on his return to the side, as the Frenchman is deemed to have fouled while slipping to the ground.,2
He's been on less than two minutes but Saelemaekers is already in the book after a high challenge on Zappa.,2
The visitors have made a change at the break with Kyatengwa replacing Kjaer who must have taken a knock.,0
Romagnoli earns the first booking of the game after wrestling Simeone to the ground right in front of the referee.,2
Fabinho blocks off Messi in the final third and goes into the book. Barcelona have a free-kick 30 yards from goal.,2
Wijnaldum is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Firmino. An attacking substitute by Klopp.,0
An interesting change for Barca as Valverde withdraws Coutinho to bring on Semedo. The home side need the extra protection on the flank to fend off Mane and Robertson.,0
Henderson replaces Keita for the visitors in the middle of the park. He takes the armband immediately.,0
Mepham kicked Podence's legs out from under him inside the centre circle and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Final roll of the dice for Bournemouth now. Christie goes off for Anthony, who comes on with a note of instructions for the midfield.,0
Double change for Wolves now as they try to find a late breakthrough. Nunes is the first to make way, with Podence on for him.,0
O'Shea has been solid in the Burnley defence and got an assist to his name for a fantastic pass to Brunn Larsen earlier in the match. Ekdal comes on in his place.,0
Burnley are four goals ahead and have decided to make some changes. There is a straight swap up front, with scorer Rodriguez coming off for Obafemi.,0
Koleosho's final impact on the game was his goal. Trésor is given the chance to make an impression in the final stage of the game.,0
Bruun Larsen netted Burnley's second goal of the game and has been a constant threat down the right side of the pitch. He is now being replaced by the experienced Gudmundsson.,0
Osula leads with his elbow when jumping for the ball against Brownhill. He goes into the book as a result.,2
The Blades are making three changes before the restart to try and get back into this match. McAtee came on in their last win against Wolves and changed the game completely. He is given the same role this time, replacing Thomas.,0
There is also an adjustment in the attack, with Archer coming off. Traore is given the chance to make an impression. United only have one substitution left to make.,0
The Blades need to be careful, with a third player going into the book before the break. This time, Thomas stops a counter by pulling back Bruun Larsen and is shown a yellow card.,2
O'Shea is now booked for a foul on McBurnie. The Blades forward clears the ball away, with O'Shea coming in late with his right leg.,2
Another United player goes into the book. McBurnie throws an elbow into the face of O'Shea and goes into the book.,2
Fleck is the first player to go into the book. He shows his frustration with a late tackle on Brownhill just outside Burnley's box.,2
Baldock was on the ground for a couple of minutes and cannot continue. Bogle started the last match and will now take his place.,0
Ezzalzouli goes down a little too easily in the box for the referee's liking, and he's booked for diving. ,2
It looks like Gonzalez picked up a knock during that last run as he gestures to the bench that he needs to go off. Puig is on in his place. ,0
Fati went straight off with his own hamstring injury at the end of the first half, so Balde is on in his place.,0
Solari tries to catch out Fati with a high press, but catches him with a late tackle instead to have his name taken by the referee.,2
Eintracht's final change is a double one. Chaibi couldn't get his goal today and is replaced by Ngankam.,0
Eintracht are making a double change this time. Marmoush has been involved in three of their goals today, but now goes off for Hasebe.,0
Ebimbe won't get a chance to go for a hat-trick here, but he does go off to a standing ovation from the home crowd. Nkounkou comes on in his place.,0
Gnabry made his way straight off the pitch after his treatment, and now there's a stoppage in play, Musiala can come on to make things even once more.,0
Tuchel is making a double change at the break, and it's both full-backs that are going off. Mazraoui is replaced by Laimer.,0
Kim is late getting across to Knauff and just catches the winger on the side of his leg with his studs. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
Kulusevski has been a constant threat all game, but is replaced for the last few moments by Steven Bergwijn.,0
Brighton make the first change of the game, bringing off Bissouma for attacking reinforcements in the shape of Danny Welbeck.,0
Romero takes a poor touch and lunges at the ball, catching Mac Allister late and warranting a yellow card from the referee.,2
Kane looks to play a quick one-two with Son on the edge of Brighton's box, but he's scythed down by Veltman's wild challenge before he can collect the return ball. Veltman is booked, and has to now defend a free-kick in dangerous territory for his side.,2
Mac Allister looks to advance over halfway into space, before being tugged back and to the floor by Reguilon. A clear booking, and the referee obliges by showing the yellow card to the Spurs left-back.,2
With his head strapped more heavily than Terry Butcher's circa 1989, Dier does get to his feet, and thankfully looks okay to carry on playing. Maupay is booked for his part in causing the injury, the first yellow card of the match.,2
Jesus is booked after the final whistle amidst City players protesting vigorously towards the referee. ,2
Salah makes way for Gomez as Liverpool add to their defensive contingent to try and hang on to their lead. ,0
Henderson is replaced by Milner as the hosts try and ensure that their energy levels don't drop in midfield. ,0
Ruiz de Galarreta stands in front of Morata to prevent him from taking a quick free-kick and is booked for it.,2
And Williams, who has been the visitors' main out ball for much of this second half, also makes way for Yeray.,0
Williams is up against two Atletico defenders, but De Paul drags him back to stop the run despite the cover in front of him. He's booked, and Athletic have a free-kick just outside the D.,2
Gomez raced back to stop Morata's counter, and even though he didn't make contact with the forward as he slid in, the intent was there. He's booked for the tackle.,2
Simeone looks to his bench once more and is making a double change this time. Molina, who has had some joy down the right today, is replaced by Llorente.,0
Athletic are making a double change to try and shift the momentum in their favour. Sancet is the first to go off, with Gomez on in his place.,0
There's a change for Atletico at the break. Reinildo, who was booked for the challenge that gave away the penalty, is replaced by Hermoso.,0
Vivian did well to dispossess Depay, only to trip Lino in an attempt to keep hold of the ball. Much to the defenders' frustration, he goes into the referee's book.,2
Some of Simeone's ire at the refereeing decisions has been eased as Prados now goes into the book for a late challenge on Griezmann in the centre circle.,2
Reinildo is trying to claim that he slipped as he made the challenge on Prados, but given the fact that it was a clumsy foul inside the box, he gets the first yellow card of the game.,2
Guimaraes is shunted to the floor by Lallana as he tries to open a gap in midfield, and the flurry of late yellow cards continues with the Brighton midfielder shown the latest one.,2
Dahoud wins a free-kick but certainly isn't happy with Lascelles, to the point that the referee shows him a yellow card for whatever was said by the German.,2
Gross trudges off having run the show yet again for the Seagulls, and having been replaced for the final throws by Simon Adingra, the 32-year-old playmaker can now look forward to his maiden international call-up for Germany. He's earned it.,0
Gordon is taken down by Milner as he looks to cut inside from the right flank, and the veteran midfielder is the latest player to be shown a yellow card.,2
Lamptey leaves Burn for dead as he surges into the final third for Brighton. His cross comes to nothing and Guimaraes recovers it for the visitors, but he's soon caught late by the Seagulls substitute and Lamptey goes into the book.,2
Hat-trick hero Ferguson is withdrawn to thunderous applause by the Amex faithful, and James Milner, who signed for Newcastle a few months before Ferguson was even born in 2004, will replace him.,0
March has been his lively, dangerous, consistent self throughout this game, and comes off following another superb performance for Adam Lallana to see out proceedings.,0
Burn knows full well March has him beaten all ends up for pace, and takes down the winger off the ball to prevent a breakaway before shortly being shown a yellow card. He knew that one was coming.,2
Pedro gets the slightest of touches to Dunk's forward pass before being clattered off the ball by Schar. It's late, ugly, and worthy of a yellow card, as the Newcastle centre-back goes into the book.,2
Gordon flies in late and loses a 50-50 challenge with Van Hecke, and the showing of the studs warrants the game's first yellow card for the Newcastle winger.,2
The referee reaches for his pocket again: Raillo's foul on Rudiger leads to a booking for the Mallorca captain.,2
After attempting to lash out at Vinicius Junior but missing, Maffeo becomes the latest player to have his name taken by the overworked referee.,2
Attempting to stop a counter-attack by bringing down Costa, Modric is booked shortly after his arrival from the bench.,2
A heavy tackle on Lee earns Valverde a merited yellow card, and that may be his last action of the game, as Ancelotti is set to withdraw him.,2
A blatant hack on Rodrygo out on the touchline sees Costa booked, despite his pointless protestations.,2
Just after the half-time whistle, Ceballos has a little too much to say for himself in conversation with the referee and sees yellow before heading down the tunnel.,2
Much to the home fans' delight, Vinicius Junior receives the game's first booking for stepping on Maffeo when the pair collide in the penalty area.,2
Caldirola steps across Politano, who he sends tumbling to the ground. The Monza full-back is shown a yellow card.,2
Unused substitute Donati expresses his frustration towards the referee from the bench. Although, he does so a little too much for the liking of the official, who books him.,2
Ngonge takes one for the team, dragging back Zerbin to prevent Monza countering from a Napoli corner. The winger can have no complaints at going into the book.,2
Can is furious with the referee. He jumps into a tackle with Kimmich and is given the first yellow card of the game.,2
RED CARD!!! Verratti wins the ball and plays it down the line for Messi, but he's clumsily scythed down by Pavard right on the edge of the box! It's not quite a penalty, but is certainly a yellow card, and Pavard's second of the game means he's off!,3
Neymar shoves Kimmich to ground, where the Bayern midfielder collides with Verratti, and the PSG forward is shown a yellow card.,2
Coman looks to set off on the break for Bayern but is felled by a sliding Kimpembe. The PSG substitute was nowhere near the ball, and is shown a yellow card as a result.,2
The first card is shown to Wijnaldum as his loose touch allows Maupay to nip in, prompting the Liverpool midfielder to step on his opponent's foot.,2
Evans is booked after pulling back Neto right on the edge of the Leicester penalty area. Big chance for Wolves!,2
RED CARD! Molina has landed himself in big trouble with the referee after continuously pushing Baena from behind during an attempt to get the ball back for a free-kick. The final shove is aimed at the substitute's neck and sends him down to the ground, leaving the referee no other option.,3
The first yellow card of the match is shown to Felix for a late two-footed sliding challenge on Albiol.,2
Mendy plucks a Gibbs-White free-kick out of the air and quickly rolls the ball out to Havertz on the counter. He is halted and shunted to the floor by Lodi though, with the Forest defender shown a yellow card for the foul on halfway.,2
Joao Felix cannot get away from Niakhate and loses the ball down the right, with Felipe on hand to clear for Forest. Awoniyi is first to the ball and flicks it past Silva, but is blocked off by the Brazilian and hits the deck. The Chelsea captain is shown a yellow card for the foul, and Forest gain the free-kick.,2
Chelsea build a promising attack on the edge of Forest's box, but it's halted as Joao Felix goes down under pressure from Niakhate 20 yards from goal. However, the referee blows for a free-kick the other way, judging that the Chelsea forward dived and showing him a yellow card for simulation.,2
For his part in the head-to-head confrontation with Kristensen, first-half goalscorer Gordon is booked.,2
A growing tinge of anger suddenly blows up into a head-to-head confrontation between Kristensen and his unlikely opponent, Gordon. The Leeds man joins the Everton forward in the referee's notebook.,2
The hosts get in behind PSG down that right flank and Bernat commits a late foul. It's a free-kick in a dangerous area for Orleans, and a yellow for the full-back.,2
Just moments after catching Mendy with an elbow, Bailey brings him to ground late and is penalised, also receiving a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Young's under pressure from Maddison in his own box and looks to turn him. A risky move, and he is caught by Maddison, who is yellow carded for the mistimed challenge.,2
Luiz nearly pulls the blue shirt from the back of Lookman as he attempts to get around the outside, and the cynical foul is met with a yellow card for the Brazilian.,2
Leicester play an advantage and Dewsbury-Hall advances up the left. McGinn dispossesses him, and Dewsbury-Hall slides in straight afterwards, catching McGinn and none of the ball to join Mendy in the book.,2
Mendy clips McGinn late as the two's battle in midfield takes another twist, and the Leicester man is given the game's first yellow card.,2
Semedo is booked for scything down Vinicius. He's probably been Barca's worst player today and yet his side are winning easily. Must be nice to play for the best team in the country.,2
It's getting worse for Madrid! Suarez wins a penalty after Casemiro brings the Uruguayan down by treading on his foot.,2
Sokratis is shown a yellow card for bringing down Walcott with a sliding challenge in order to stop a promising Everton attack. The Toffees once again have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Lucas Digne picks up Everton’s first yellow card of the match after bringing down Aubameyang to stop the Arsenal counter-attack following the away side’s failed free-kick.,2
Parejo is the second player to go into the book after hauling Buyalskiy down to prevent a Dynamo Kiev counter-attack.,2
Loizou knocks it past Shaw, and he has space to run into, but the left-back takes one for the team by blocking off his run and picking up a yellow card.,2
Martinez wasn't hurt by the challenge, but he jumped straight back to his feet to confront Kakoullis about it. He's booked for his reaction.,2
It's a poor challenge from Kakoullis as he flies in on Martinez, catching him with his studs and a high boot. He goes into the referee's book.,2
It's a late one from Charalampous, who steps on Casemiro's foot, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
SPURS DOWN TO 10! Lamela was played in by Sanchez and he swung out an arm to block off Tierney when he was closed down by the left-back. He caught him in the face with his elbow and the referee goes straight to his pocket to show him his second booking of the game and the goal scorer is off!,3
Saka dribbled past Reguilon and the defender just couldn't get close to him. When Saka doubles back, Reguilon has another go, this time bringing him down, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Sterling gets into the area, knocks the ball past Gomes and goes down… The referee books him for diving! The winger threw himself to the turf, and that caution means he – like Palmer – will be suspended for Chelsea's next game against Crystal Palace.,2
Cunha is booked for dissent as Chelsea win a free-kick on the right, which they fail to make anything of.,2
Now Jackson is booked for the eighth time in the Premier League this season, for dissent. Chelsea need to keep their heads here.,2
Palmer is booked for petulantly kicking the ball away after Chelsea concede a throw-in. It's a costly caution, too, as he'll now be suspended for the Blues' next game against Crystal Palace.,2
Now Wolves have a free-kick in a shooting position as Gallagher chops down Ait-Nouri on the edge of the D. Sarabia is lining up a shot from this set-piece, which is dead central, 25 yards from goal.,2
Gosens does well to win the ball from Gonzalez and then draws a foul. The Fiorentina man goes into the book for pulling back the Inter defender.,2
It was a footrace between Richarlison and Dunk, and the Brazilian won. Dunk slides in late to catch him on the ankle, and the referee goes straight to his pocket for a yellow card.,2
The ball is long gone by the time Buonanotte steps across Maddison awkwardly from behind. He's the first Brighton name into the book.,2
Maddison tried to pull out of a tackle on Lamptey when he realised he wasn't getting the ball, but he still managed to trip the right-back. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
There was a coming together between Del Castillo and Kimpembe on the sidelines following the challenge and the Rennes substitute is booked.,2
RED CARD! Kimpembe is shown a straight red for an awful challenge on Doku down the left wing. The centre-back sprints across and throws himself into the tackle, catching Doku high and late, getting nowhere near the ball and the PSG players can’t have any complaints with that. They will play the final few minutes with 10-men.,3
Diouf has only been on the pitch a matter of seconds and he has already been booked, after a late challenge on Danilo in midfield.,2
Herrera is booked after his late challenge on Ugochukwu, he is the first PSG player to be shown a yellow card today.,2
Collecting his first yellow card six minutes ago, Guardado now gets his second after sliding into Kessie. Down to 10 players, Betis will look to take the game to penalties.,3
Pedri rushes through the middle of the pitch before Guardado slides him to the floor. The midfielder receives a yellow card.,2
Henrique receives a yellow card after complaining to the referee. He believes that Jose was fouled by Busquets on the edge of the box but no free-kick is given.,2
Coady is shown a yellow card after the centre-back clatters into the back of Lacazette on the halfway line, stopping Arsenal from going on the counter.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to David Luiz after his late and rash challenge on Traore, as the winger broke forward on the break and skipped past the defender.,2
Davies dances around Barreiro before being hacked down by da Costa. The right wing-back's sliding tackle looks to have caught more the ball than the man but referee Osmers shows the yellow card to da Costa nevertheless.,2
Lewandowski again catches Barreiro with a loose arm to the face and this time referee Osmers cautions the Polish forward.,2
Mwene becomes the first Mainz man in Osmers' book for a late tackle on Pavard on the left-hand touchline.,2
Goretzka races through the middle to hack down Burkardt with a strong, sliding tackle. He becomes the second Bayern player in the book but Mainz's players rush towards referee Osmers as they feel the challenge was reckless. He disagrees and sticks with his yellow card decision.,2
Boateng brings down Quaison in the left-hand channel as the centre-back was perhaps unaware of the forward's presence behind him. The German defender becomes the first name in the book and the hosts have a free-kick in the left-hand channel.,2
Jarstein is shown a yellow card for his strong protests following the referee's intiial decision to allow Lewandowski's goal.,2
Another lunging challenge by a visiting player sees Bednarek go into the referee's notebook, as he apparently raked Mane's leg with his studs.,2
Buonanotte leads a one-man counter-attack that comes to an end as Johnson hauls the Brighton youngster down in the middle. The West Ham full-back is cautioned for the foul as the Seagulls win a free-kick in a promising central position.,2
More frustrations boil over now as Dier gets into a tangle following some neat work from Jesus. The subsequent free-kick is lofted into the box and drifted over the bar, but not before the Tottenham man is shown a yellow card.,2
Pisacane is next to find himself in the referee's book. Both Cagliari centre-backs are on yellow cards now.,2
It's a lively start to the half with the ball going end-to-end despite neither side really being threatened. Now Bradaric is booked for scything down Miranda.,2
Arriving a split-second late into a midfield challenge with Kunde earns second-half substitute Tel a booking.,2
Gilmour impedes Rashford from running clear to get on the end of Eriksen's through ball, resulting in a yellow card for Brighton's Scottish international.,2
A chance carved out by Wan-Bissaka and Mainoo is cut out by Baleba, who is then clattered in his own box by Fernandes' sliding challenge which earns the United captain a yellow card.,2
Pedro looks to turn and sprint away once more but is caught late by Amrabat, who is shown the game's first yellow card for that reckless challenge.,2
Not entirely sure what has prompted it, but McBurnie gets into a bit of a shouting match with the referee, and the former is shown yellow.,2
Kehrer is booked for a foul on Visca near the left-hand touchline, despite it looking like a good tackle initially.,2
Topal is booked for a horrendous sliding tackle on Di Maria from behind inside PSG's half. The Basaksehir midfielder has his complaints but the referee is having none of it.,2
Alaba is shown a yellow card for timewasting. Bayern are doing their best to just see the game out now.,2
Moisander is shown the first yellow card of the game after his late challenge on Gnabry, after the winger looked to break into the box. The Werder man brought him down just outside the area.,2
Wolf earns himself a yellow card for clattering into Kimmich near Bayern's corner flag. Bayern will take that just fine.,2
The referee reaches into his pocket and shows a yellow to Pavard. It deserves no worse than that - the Frenchman's challenge was ill-timed rather than malicious.,2
Choupo-Moting receives the game's first yellow card for that foul on Ozcan. He can have no complaints.,2
Verratti talks his way into Benoit Bastien's book after a prolonged rant directly into the face of the referee.,2
RED CARD! Pepe had the better of Bernat in a footrace and the PSG man has been sent off! There didn't appear to be too much contact though so this one may be overturned.,3
OFF! Cancelo is dismissed for denying a goal-scoring opportunity. He gets himself in a tangle when attempting to clear a long ball over the top. The Portuguese brings down Welbeck and VAR confirms the verdict of Atwell to send him on his way.,3
DISASTER FOR WOLVES! They're down to 10 men! Boly slides in recklessly with two feet and makes contact with the ball initially, but catches Bernardo Silva dangerously with his follow-through! That really is a brutally unnecessary challenge from the centre-half, who is given his marching orders by referee Craig Pawson!,3
Cabrera is shown his second yellow card for dissent, before receiving the second red card of the match. ,3
RED CARD FOR DAKONAM! He took out Lemar from behind to receive his second yellow card of the game, before being shown a red and having to leave the field. ,3
Milan's substitute keeper Reina is sent off, seemingly for dissent. The visitors believe there was a foul in the build-up but the goal will stand.,3
RED CARD! Keane is shown a second yellow card and he's been sent off! The Everton skipper dives into a challenge with Antonio on the edge of the box and gets nowhere near the ball and the referee has no choice but to dismiss him.,3
RED CARD FOR ATLETICO! Serrano's dismissed for a tackle that's less egregious than Reinildo's was earlier. The substitute slides in on Fernandez in an attempt to win the ball. His foot is high, so the referee sends him off. He's only been on the pitch for five minutes!,3
JOTA IS SENT OFF! Liverpool are now down to nine men! Udogie picks the forward's pocket, and Jota lunges in to try and make up for losing possession. He completely misses the ball but clips the player, and just over a minute after picking up his first booking, he gets a second.,3
JONES IS SENT OFF! The referee is called over to the monitor to have another look at the incident himself. It's obvious that Jones wasn't intentionally trying to hurt Bissouma, but he went over the top of the ball and caught him high with studs. The original yellow card decision is overturned, and Liverpool are down to 10!,3
OFF! Vidal receives two yellow cards in the space of a second. One for the challenge on Rui and the other for the aforementioned headbutt on the defender. He's not happy, but he has to go. He receives quite a send from the home supporters.,3
RED CARD! Umtiti blocks off the run of Lozano and the referee shows him a second yellow card. A needless dismissal for the Frenchman as his side have the three points in hand.,3
ASHLEY YOUNG IS SENT OFF! Wolves press high and win the ball off United near the halfway line. Young lunges in on Jota and catches him on the inside of his shin with his studs. Mike Dean wastes no time showing him a second yellow card and United are down to 10.,3
HE’S OFF! RED CARD! After taking a second look at the incident, the referee comes back onto the pitch to overturn his yellow card, before showing Milik a red for his earlier tackle on Cerri! Juventus will be down to 10 men for the remainder of the game!,3
RED CARD! Bayern are down to 10! Well, this has not gone according to script for the champions-elect, with their excellent young left-back receiving a yellow card after he was deemed to have purposefully blocked off Veljkovic.,3
HE'S OFF! Villa are down to 10 men! The referee goes over to the monitor to have a look at the replays himself. He deems that Luiz did lean in as if to headbutt Mitrovic, and he's shown a straight red card. Things are going from bad to worse for Villa here!,3
RED CARD! After checking VAR, the referee has decided D’Alessandro’s foul – which he was initially booked for – was actually worth a straight red, and SPAL are down to 10!,3
RED! Henderson is shown a second yellow card for an unnecessary foul on Capoue as he looked to break down the left-hand side. It remains 0-2.,3
RED CARD FOR TRIGUEROS! The Villarreal midfielder slides in wildly on Messi, catching the Barca captain on the shin. It's a nasty challenge, a potential leg-breaker, and Messi looks to be in some discomfort. Trigueros can have no complaints.,3
SPORTING DOWN TO 10 MEN! A dreadful back-pass from Fernandes is pounced upon by Aubameyang, who is through on goal before being taken down from behind by Mathieu! The referee comes across and doesn't hesitate in showing a straight red to the defender, while awarding a free-kick to Arsenal on the very edge of the penalty area!,3
Sanches gets involved in the aftermath of that Ilsanker challenge by shoving an opponent to the floor. Having already been cautioned, the Portugal winger is shown a second yellow and is off.,3
Ilsanker lunges in on Thiago with his studs showing and is shown a red card, maintaining Leipzig's record of having a player dismissed on all three visits to this ground.,3
After a minor altercation, and a finger wag from Candreva, De Paul senselessly slapped the Inter man on the right touchline and has now been shown red! So unnecessary from the Argentinian international!,3
NIMES ARE DOWN TO 10! In an attempt to win the ball, Landre only succeeds in catching Rafinha in the chest with his studs and is issued a straight red card by the referee. ,3
RED CARD!!! Wow, Lazovic has been shown a straight red by the referee before we've even resumed play! The Verona midfielder clearly wasn't happy with something, and the way he went about voicing that to the official was bad enough to warrant a dismissal!,3
VERONA DOWN TO 10! The referee deems that challenge from Amrabat on Castillejo worthy of a red card after checking the pitchside monitor.,3
RED CARD! Unable to deal with the searing pace of Nico Williams, Eric Garcia goes to ground as the last man in a desperate attempt to win the ball on the edge of the box, but he catches the Athletic substitute and is shown a straight red card! Barcelona are down to 10 men and Athletic have a free-kick in a very dangerous position!,3
RED CARD! Rekik is shown a straight red card after his challenge on Lewandowski. The pair went up for the ball, the defender brought the striker down and as Lewandowski lands, his feet strike Rekik. However, the Hertha defender then gets up lashes out at the striker, catching the striker in the face who goes down to the ground. There can't be too many complaints about that decision.,3
ARAUJO IS SENT OFF! Kounde tries to head the ball back to the defender, but gets it all wrong and sends Duro through on goal. With no other option, Araujo pulls him to the floor and receives a red card.,3
OFF! Hummels slides in from behind on Antony down the left flank and referee Michael Oliver brandishes the red card. It appears a harsh decision on the field, and will be reviewed by VAR.,3
RED CARD!!!! He is off, and that wild challenge was always asking for trouble!!! Hayes keeps the ball well on the edge of the box and has a shot deflected into the air. He sticks his foot high into the air to win it back, but clatters studs-first into the chest of Cullen. The Burnley player is crumpled in a heap on the floor, and the referee shows a red card to the Fleetwood striker!,3
Remarkably, Edgar is given his marching orders! Having only arrived from the bench as an early substitute, the Betis defender hacks down Pedri and receives a second booking in the space of a few minutes. The visitors are down to 10 men!,3
RED CARD! Carvajal is shown a second yellow and then a red card after a dangerous tackle on Sociedad left-back Munoz. Ever since he was carded for dissent, Carvajal struggled to keep a lid on his emotions, and he has taken one risk too many. He overstretched and lunged into a challenge on Munoz, and he will now watch the rest of the match from the dressing room.,3
Holes is sent off! After a lengthy VAR check, the referee has decided that it was a reckless tackle from the Slavia midfielder and he's been given his marching orders. Calabria wasn't happy with the tackle, and after a review, the officials can understand why.,3
WOLVES ARE DOWN TO TEN MEN! Saiss receives a deserved second yellow for needlessly tripping up Zaha, and the defender receives his marching orders. This is going to be even more of an uphill struggle for Wolves now.,3
HE'S OFF! Just seconds after receiving his first yellow card, Ba punches the ball in frustration and it hits Martinelli, leading the referee to show him a second yellow card and send him off! Olympiacos are down to 10 men!,3
OFF! Griezmann's eventful evening goes from the sublime to the ridiculous as he is shown a straight red card for a high boot on Firmino. He tries to gain possession for the ball in the air and lifts his foot. However, he catches Firmino straight on the side of his head and the referee does not hesitate in giving the forward his marching orders. ,3
IT’S A RED CARD FOR MODRIC! REAL MADRID ARE INCENSED! The VAR review shows that Modric’s challenge is deemed violent play, and the referee produces a red card very quickly! With just over 30 minutes remaining, the visitors are reduced to 10 men!,3
IT’S A SECOND RED CARD FOR BOLOGNA! SORIANO IS SENT OFF! Toure was down in considerable pain after the tackle from the captain, who appears to have caught the left leg of the left-back with his studs. The referee takes a quick look at the VAR screen and has no doubts that it’s a stamp as he awards Milan a free-kick and sends off a second Bologna player!,3
RED CARD FOR SOUMAORO! Kjaer hits a ball over the top of the defence for Krunic, who gets to the pass ahead of Soumaoro. There’s a tangling of legs 20 yards from goal and the defender is deemed to have stopped a goal-scoring opportunity, for which he’s sent off!,3
SENT OFF! Tolisso is off and Bayern are down to 10 men! Klos gets away in behind and is bearing down on goal as Tolisso sprints back. The midfielder catches up to Klos just outside the box and slides in to win the ball, but catches his man and is shown a straight red for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity!,3
Quite remarkable scenes at Molineux as Neal Maupay is shown a red card after the full-time whistle for shouting at referee Jon Moss. Absolutely remarkable stuff.,3
What on earth is Lewis Dunk doing there?! Fabio Silva is away on the break with a lovely ball and the Brighton captain reaches out with a big tug on his shirt. Referee Jon Moss won't hesitate here - it's a straight red card!,3
BARCA DOWN TO 10! It was clumsy from Lenglet as he crashed into the back of Mina, getting nowhere near the ball, and both players have stayed down. Lenglet is holding his shin trying to put off the inevitable and the referee waits for him to get back to his feet before showing him his second yellow and sending him off.,3
RED CARD! It gets worse for Wolfsburg! Klaus’ tackle did not seem to be intentional, with his eyes having been on the ball. The referee, however, has decided it was worthy of a sending off, and the substitute is gone.,3
THE PENALTY STANDS, AND CATENA IS OFF! The referee watches the incident back after showing Catena a yellow card. He upgrades it to a red card, deeming the defender to have denied a clear goalscoring opportunity. There was also a question as to whether Lewandowski handled the ball in the build-up, but the spot-kick stands.,3
RED CARD FOR LEMINA! WOLVES ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Lemina surges over halfway before mistiming a pass towards Neto, allowing Zaniolo to intercept. The Italian darts forward, and Lemina is penalised for pulling him back by his shorts. The referee has no choice but to show a second yellow card!,3
EDERSON IS SENT OFF! It's a long ball over the top from Coady to Jota and he gets away from Otamendi and is one-on-one with the goalkeeper. Ederson comes out of his box quickly to close him down but catches Jota without getting near the ball and the referee shows him a straight red card. City down to 10 men!,3
RAMOS IS SENT OFF! PSG DOWN TO 10! Ramos is incensed by his yellow card and has far too much to say to the referee, who has no qualms about showing the former Real Madrid centre-back a second yellow card. He's given his marching orders as Galtier looks on pensively.,3
RED CARD! Sokratis has been sent off! Just moments after fouling Ben Arfa, Sokratis fails to keep up with Sarr, and can only pull back the Rennes winger, giving the referee little choice but to give the defender his marching orders.,3
RED CARD! Substitute Foyth has barely been on the field and, after a heavy touch, he slides in with his studs up into Simpson's knee! Another rush of blood to the head sees Spurs down to nine men at the start of the second half! ,3
RED CARD! Son is off! Fraser fouls him but Lerma comes in late after the whistle has gone and tries to nick the ball. He's furious and shoves the Bournemouth midfielder to the ground, and is shown a straight red card! Spurs down to 10 men! ,3
BURNLEY DOWN TO 10 MEN! Having been left exposed by his defensive colleagues, Collins is forced into barging over Toney in the box, and the young Irishman inevitably sees red.,3
REBIC DISMISSED! Seconds after Ronaldo's penalty miss, Rebic catches Danilo incredibly high with a shocking challenge and is rightly sent off.,3
RED CARD! Benteke has been shown a red card after the final whistle, it appears to be for a coming together with Konsa after the game has ended.,3
After the fracas is cleared up, the referee brandishes the red card and shows it to Success - leaving Udinese with 10 men for the remainder of the match. ,3
KAMARA IS SENT OFF! Things are going from bad to worse for Watford! Olise is threatening to break forward down the right and Kamara desperately pushes him off the side of the pitch to stop him. He's shown his second yellow card of the game before being sent down the tunnel.,3
RED CARD FOR FERNANDEZ! Levante waste a corner and Madrid counter quickly. Fernandez slides out of his box to sweep up a throughball and handles the ball while doing so. It's accidental but it's an obvious red card, and Levante will have to see out the last few minutes of this game with 10 men.,3
OFF! The referee initially awards a yellow card to Gallego for an elbow on Lenglet. However, he is instructed to watch the screen at the side of the pitch to view the incident again. After a second glance, the official reverses his decision to dismiss the forward.,3
DIALLO IS OFF!!! The defender is originally given a yellow card by referee Clement Turpin but VAR advise that it should be upgraded to a red. ,3
RED CARD! Coutinho is played through the Bayer Leverkusen defensive line, which forces Tah to extend and bring the playmaker down just before he could enter the penalty area! It has stopped a clear goal-scoring opportunity, which means the defender must walk!,3
OFF! PSG ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Navas is dismissed for the home side as he brings down Blas, who is through on goal. The Nantes forward gets the wrong side of Kehrer in pursuit of a long ball and is then wiped out by the PSG keeper. The referee brandishes the red card. This changes the complexion of the contest.,3
MAXENCE BARD WALKS! It's a straight red! After a Nice corner on the right is cleared, Barcola looks to break away. However, the right-back wipes him out completely and the ref sends him off. Zero per cent ball, 100 per cent body check.,3
HE'S OFF!!! It's a second yellow for Tomiyasu, and Arsenal are down to 10 men! Ayew turns and races away from the Arsenal left-back, who slightly pulls him back and to the floor. There's very little contact in it, but enough for the referee to show Tomiyasu a second yellow, and Arsenal's job holding onto this lead just got one hell of a lot harder!,3
RED CARD!!! After a foul on Ramsey, play stops and Villa prepare to take the free-kick. Sinisterra doesn't retreat 10 yards from the free-kick, and so the referee pulls out another and sends him off! Harsh indeed, but rules are rules, and Leeds go down to 10 men!,3
RED CARD! Danilo blocks off the run of Juwara and receives his second booking. The Brazilian is incredulous, but he has to make his way off the field.,3
RED CARD!! Everton are down to ten as Holgate is sent off. He was one of two changes to Everton's side for this game but he's been run ragged by Ayew all game. He brings down the Palace forward once again and the referee shows him his second yellow card. Can Palace now take advantage in these final ten minutes?,3
Toloi acts with fury against the referee on the sideline and manages to get himself a red card even though he's not on the pitch.,3
RED CARD FOR RAMOS! Jesus pounces on a mistake by the Madrid back line and is through on goal. Ramos catches Jesus with his trailing leg and the Madrid captain has to go! What will that do to the complexion of this tie?,3
RED CARD!!! Milik raced into the stands following that potential winner, and for that he's shown a second booking and is sent off!,3
REDS ALL ROUND!!! It's completely erupted here, with Fazio and Cuadrado in the centre of an all-in scuffle, and the Salernitana captain is sent off!!!,3
The argument between D'Ambrosio and Paredes continue through the full-time whistle, with the two pushing and shoving inside Inter's penalty area. Despite the match being effectively over, the referee has gone over to show D'Ambrosio a straight red card.,3
RED CARD KONSA! What is the Villa man doing? Meslier catches Digne's terrible corner, and the Villa defender blocks the Frenchman from releasing the ball for a Leeds counter. Konsa had already been booked, and is deservedly sent off.,3
RED CARD FOR BANDA! Lecce are down to 10 men! Believing the visitors should have been awarded a corner, Banda vents his frustration towards the referee for signalling a goal-kick. However, he appears to go too far in doing so - certainly for the liking of the official, who gives him his marching orders.,3
FIORENTINA DOWN TO 10 MEN! Milenkovic is sent off! Scamacca was clean through on goal, and the Serbian defender simply stretched out a leg and brought him down - that's a clear-cut decision for the referee! He makes the long walk to the sideline, cutting a figure of total frustration.,3
RED CARD! There was clear movement from Lenglet to move his arm towards the Girona man and the defender is given his marching orders. Barcelona are down to ten men!,3
OFF! Felipe perhaps was lucky to remain on the field in the first half, but now is sent off. He catches Foden on his follow-through and has to go. Felipe does not walk off quietly and vents his frustration to the referee. Eventually, the defender is ushered away by his team-mates.,3
RED CARD! Schar has only been on the pitch for six minutes and he has now been shown a straight red card, after he lunges into the back of Martinelli and catches the winger high and late. Really poor challenge by the Newcastle centre-back.,3
RED CARD! From bad to worse for Leicester as Faes is sent off for a second yellow card. It's a poor challenge on Chukwuemeka and the referee has no choice but to give the Leicester defender his second yellow card and send him off.,3
CITY GO DOWN TO TEN MEN! Fernandinho picks up his second yellow for wrangling Davis to the ground. He can have no complaints.,3
OFF! Sensi raises his hands to Patric, who goes down very easily as the two players grapple for the ball on the sideline at a throw-in. Sensi shouldn't raise his hands, but the reaction is over the top from the Lazio defender. The referee brandishes a red card to Sensi, who's totally bemused.,3
OFF! Immobile is sent off for lashing out at Vidal. The midfielder catches the Lazio forward from behind and he remains on the deck. Vidal goes over to the forward, who swings an arm out. He makes glancing contact with the Chilean, who goes down clutching his face. The referee pulls out the red card to dismiss Immobile. It's a harsh one on the Lazio forward.,3
BENTANCUR SENT OFF! Things get even more incredible just before the hour, as a shoulder-to-shoulder between Bentancur and Lukaku sends the forward to the ground. The referee tries playing advantage but brings play back and shows the Uruguay midfielder a second yellow for the infraction on Lukaku! Juve down to 10 men for the final 35 minutes!,3
OTAMENDI SENT OFF! Otamendi clatters Burgstaller from behind and is immediately shown a second yellow card. Reckless defending. ,3
RED CARD FOR FRENKIE DE JONG! The Barca midfielder slides clumsily into Espino in an attempt to salvage a loose touch. He receives his second yellow card and he has to go! Koeman rubs his chin. Barca's players harangue the referee to no avail. ,3
Bellingham was never going to let this go easy, but he's following the referee as he walks off the pitch and continues to vent his anger about the decision. In the end, he's shown a straight red card for dissent.,3
RED CARD FOR TOMORI! Wow! Not only do Chelsea have a penalty, but their former player Tomori has been sent off for denying Mount an obvious goalscoring opportunity! It looks harsh, as Mount stayed on his feet and managed to get his shot away, but it was a foul.,3
RED CARD FOR KOLO MUANI! The Frenchman overruns with the ball and catches Anguissa on the foot as he stretches to reach it. Both players stay down injured for a while. The referee shows the Eintracht striker no sympathy and dismisses him. Napoli's players applaud the decision.,3
RED CARD! Rather incredibly, Morata, who has only been on the field for eight minutes, is shown a second yellow card for dissent after exchanging words with Sevilla just moments after the initial booking.,3
RED CARD! Pellegrini is adjudged to have gone too strongly into an aerial challenge and the youngster is shown a second yellow card and dismissed less than 12 minutes after entering the field as a substitute! He will now miss the first leg of Roma's knockout game. A completely unnecessary challenge to make. ,3
Foden is sent off, second yellow! The first one looked harsh but this one was a bit silly as he pulls De Roon back. Suspect we'll be hearing about this from Guardiola after the game. Foden, to his credit, makes no complaint and hurries straight off the pitch.,3
RED CARD! Cuadrado overruns the ball and in an attempt to recover the situation, lunges in and catches Castrovilli with his studs up. The referee initially gives a yellow, but after watching the replay, changes his decision to red. ,3
RED CARD! Spurs are down to ten men as Romero receives a second yellow card. The ball is there to be contested between Hernandez and Romero but the Argentine centre-back recklessly flies into the challenge again and it's an obvious second yellow.,3
HAKIMI IS SENT OFF! It gets worse for PSG! It's another late challenge from Hakimi as he lunged to try and nick the ball off Yongwa. He didn't get near the ball but did catch the wing-back on the ankle with his studs. The referee goes straight to his pocket for a second yellow card and he's off! PSG are down to 10 men!,3
RED CARD! Walcott turns Gabriel brilliantly before being brought down. The defender knows he's in trouble straight away and he's right. There's no hesitation from the referee as he brandishes a second yellow.,3
Red card! This game gets a little more interesting as De Jong is shown a second yellow for a clear pull on Calleri's shirt. He was trying to make amends for losing the ball in midfield, and Pique puts a consolatory arm around the youngster's shoulder as he trudges off. He can't have any complaints.,3
Red card! Well, just as Saint-Etienne thought they were getting back into it, they have been reduced to 10 men! Di Maria was racing clear down the right, and Fofana – tracking back – could only bring the winger down. Replays suggest he did not get too much of a firm touch, but the referee has made his decision.,3
RED CARD FOR LENGLET! Barca's centre-back receives his marching orders for a second yellow card after stepping on Molina's foot. Will that change things at all?,3
RED CARD! A nightmare for Newcastle as Pope races out of his box and fails to clear the ball with his feet. He handles the ball to prevent Salah scoring and the referee is left with no choice but to send him on his way. The dismissal rules him out of the EFL Cup final next week.,3
RED CARD FOR ARAUJO! This could turn the tie on its head. Barcelona look comfortable before a throughball catches the defence off-guard. Barcola sprints towards the area before Araujo bundles him over by tripping the PSG winger up. The Barcelona centre-back gets his marching orders after a VAR check sticks with the on-field decision!,3
OFF! Acuna is sent off for the hosts for his second bookable offence for timewasting at a throw-in. In bizarre circumstances he still tries to take the throw-in, but the referee sends him on his way.,3
RED CARD! Nyom is given a straight red! Oblak had launched the ball towards Sanchez on the left before Nyom clattered in to the full-back’s head with a high foot. Lahoz deems the challenge was too dangerous for his liking and instantly makes his mind up. Getafe’s defender may get in further trouble after the game as well as he aggressively got in the face of the referee following his decision.,3
RED CARD! Fiorillo is sent off with a matter of minutes remaining for violent conduct on Florenzi. He didn't get onto the pitch but sees red from the referee.,3
Rui has been sent off for a second yellow! Frosinone clear the free-kick and counter through Okoli, but the Napoli man commits a professional foul and is given his marching orders!,3
The referee comes back onto the pitch and shows Soumaoro a straight red card for the challenge on Morata which denied a goal-scoring opportunity. After the review however, the match official has deemed that the contact first occurred outside the penalty area - giving Juventus a free-kick from 18 yards out.,3
RED CARD FOR N'DICKA! N'Dicka receives his second yellow card in five minutes for his foul on Luuk de Jong, so he has to go! Frankfurt will play however long is left of this game with 10 men.,3
BARCA GO DOWN TO NINE MEN! Dembele also receives his marching orders as the referee gives him a second yellow for dissent. This game has long been bizarre.,3
RED CARD FOR ARAUJO! Hello, hello! Can Sevilla still score here? Araujo hauls down Hernandez as he bursts through on goal. It's an obvious goal-scoring opportunity and the substitute has to go. Barca are down to 10 men for the last few minutes.,3
YOUNG IS SENT OFF! Diaz goes up against the right-back and just manages to get a yard on him. Young slides in trying to make sure he doesn't get into the box, but catches Diaz's leg when he shields the ball. The Liverpool fans are asking for a second yellow and the referee shows him one. Everton are down to 10 men!,3
VAR HAS INTERVENED AND IT’S RED! Replays show that Molina stamped on the foot of Thomas, twisting his ankle horribly. The referee has rescinded the yellow card upon review, and awarded the Getafe striker and captain a red card!   ,3
RED CARD! Bravo is shown a straight red card after he rushes off his line to try and stop Ilicic from sprinting through on goal. The Atalanta man is played through by Gomez, he just has Bravo to beat, but the keeper dives in and brings him down. VAR take a look at the decision, but it stands. Who is going to go in goal for City now?,3
RED CARD! It goes from bad to worse for Valencia as Lee, who only came on in the 76th minute, receives his marching orders for taking several swipes at Ramos.,3
RED CARD! Hermoso is also sent off for his clash with Mallo, with both players having words with eachother and causing a huge coming together on the pitch. Nearly every player on the pitch came to join in, as it got very heated.,3
RED CARD! Both sets of players have completely lost their heads now, with late challenges flying in. Mallo catches Suarez late after the striker released Carrasco for his chance. The Celta skipper then squares up to Hermoso who comes charging in and the pair clash, before being separated by their team-mates. Mallo is shown a straight red card.,3
LUCAS IS SENT OFF! The Brazilian flicked a header straight onto Keane and tried to make up for his error by chasing down the defender. He's very late though, stepping on Keane's ankle with his studs, and he knows straight away he's in trouble. The referee pulls out another straight red, and it's 10 against 10 here!,3
DOUCOURE IS SENT OFF! It's a moment of madness from the midfielder! Gray is pushed off the ball by Kane, who then has nowhere to go once he's won it. Doucoure gets across to dispossess him before pushing Kane away once and then hitting him in the face. He tries to protest his innocence, but the referee has no doubts as he shows him a straight red. Everton are down to 10!,3
OFF! As expected, Gimenez is given his marching orders following the pitchside review, having committed an ugly foul on Mancini - that was pure frustration from the Feyenoord forward.,3
O DEAR O DEAR! Kounde has been sent to the stands for a moment of utter madness. The Sevilla right-back had a coming together with Alba on the touchline, and it was all very pointless. As Kounde turned around to take a throw-in, Alba shoulder barged him. Rather than let the referee deal with matters, Kounde has lost his temper and thrown the ball into the face of Alba, and the referee has sent him to the stands. What on earth was he thinking!!,3
KHOCHOLAVA IS OFF! In his frustration, Khocholava kicks out a leg at Isco, catching the Spaniard on his calf with his studs. The referee initially shows a yellow card, but then he's called over to the monitor by VAR. It's a really poor challenge, and the defender is shown a straight red after the referee sees the replay.,3
OFF! Watkins is sent off as he receives his second booking of the match. He latches on to a long ball over the top and goes down as Henderson sticks out a leg. However, there is no contact and the striker gets booked for simulation before the referee then brandishes the red card.,3
ROQUE IS SENT OFF! What a rollercoaster of a substitute appearance this has been! His first yellow card was borderline, but there doesn't seem to be too much in this challenge. He was trying to win the ball off Marin when he clipped the defender on the shin with his trailing leg, but the referee deems it to be a second yellow card. Barca are down to 10 men!,3
PAOK DOWN TO 10 MEN! It's about the worst possible start the visitors could have drawn up! Matos' dreadful back-pass puts Khacheridi under all sorts of pressure as he tries to beat Giroud to it, but arrives just a split-second too late. He takes the striker to ground, denying a clear goal-scoring opportunity, leaving the referee with little choice but to produce a red card.,3
RED CARD! The Blades are two goals down and are now down to 10 men after Ahmedhodzic is shown a second yellow card for a foul on Dominguez with just seconds left to play.,3
RED CARD! Romero sticks out a leg and brings down Grealish on the charge. He receives his second booking and then a red card.,3
HE'S OFF! Mamardashvili is sent off for a deliberate handball outside his area, and Valencia will have to play the remainder of the game with ten men and a deputy goalkeeper.,3
VALENCIA DOWN TO 10! Just two minutes after receiving his first booking, Diakhaby has been sent off! Lille were breaking quickly upfield and Diakhaby pulled back Osimhen on the edge of the box. There were two other defenders back though and he didn't need to make the challenge. ,3
RED CARD! Gianluigi Donnarumma - on the bench - is sent off for something he said to the officials on the sidelines following their failure to award Milan a penalty!,3
BRIGHTON DOWN TO 10! Just five minutes after picking up a booking, Mooy is off the field. He went to ground to get the ball and ended up catching Grealish with his trailing leg and the referee shows him his second yellow before pulling out the red card.,3
MILAN DOWN TO 10! Dalot uses that long switch of play out to Rebic on the left again, but this time, he can't get there ahead of Hysaj and he catches the defender late. He isn't happy about the free-kick going against him and the referee sends him off for his bad reaction.,3
Saint-Etienne are down a man for the rest of the game! Mbappe breaks, Timothee Kolodziejczak lunges for him and the latter drags his studs over the forward's knee. There is absolutely no disputing that call!,3
Red card! As Neymar is taken from the field, the referee returns and dismisses Mendes, deeming his challenge to have been worthy of a straight sending-off. There's a little grumble - were Neymar not having to leave prone on a stretcher, he might have escaped with a yellow - but no-one is really complaining.,3
OFF! The red mist descends on Melamed and he goes head to head with Pique and earns his second booking in a matter of seconds. Melamed receives his marching orders. Both teams are down to 10 men.,3
RED CARD! Pique is sent off for going head to head with Melamed, earning his second booking. Madness from the veteran defender.,3
RED CARD!!! Things go from bad to worse for Bayern!! Upamecano is shown a second yellow card following that foul on Schlotterbeck, leaving the Bavarians down to 10 men as they chase what could soon be a two-goal deficit!,3
RED CARD FOR BILLING! Bournemouth are down to 10 men. With Hudson-Odoi threatening to race away on the counter, Billing looks to stop him in his tracks and stamps down on the back of the Forest winger's Achilles. Although the contact appeared to be accidental, it was dangerous and the referee shows him a straight red card.,3
RED CARD! Kossounou dribbles out of defence with the ball, but his touch is heavy, and he produces a strong challenge on Tomiak. After taking some time with the decision, the referee produces a second yellow card, and he's given his marching orders!,3
RED CARD! Madness from Jimenez as he receives a second booking straight after earning his first. He refuses to retreat to allow City to take their free-kick and is given a second yellow then a red card.,3
RED CARD! After checking the VAR screen, referee Atkinson sends Milivojevic off for his right-footed lunge on Moutinho near the halfway line!,3
RED CARD!! Bayern are down to ten! It's a long ball over the top which catches the Bayern defence on their heels. Plea strides clear and as he nears the box, the striker tangles with Upamecano and goes down. The referee gives a free-kick and the French centre-back is given a straight red with the striker through on goal.,3
RED CARD! Hakimi is given his marching orders as he is shown a straight red card! PSG are down to 10-men. The right-back was the last man as he fouled Under and the referee has no option but to send him off.,3
HE'S OFF!!! Burnley's task just got a lot more difficult!!! Berge allows Douglas Luiz to get goal-side of him after collecting a throw-in from Taylor, and drags the Brazilian back by his shirt. There's not much contact, but certainly enough to impede the Villa midfielder, and the Norwegian is swiftly met with a second yellow card that leaves Burnley a man down for the rest of this game!,3
Booked when he was still on the pitch, Kampl receives a second yellow card for his protests about the claimed-for 'penalty' from the dugout.,3
LEIPZIG DOWN TO 10! Trying to prevent a rapid counter-attack, Halstenberg hauls back the fast-escaping Holer, and given the lack of cover, the referee decides showing him a red card is the only option! Leipzig are both a goal and a man down now!,3
Inter's substitute goalkeeper Padelli is sent off for questioning the referee's decision about Brozovic. Inter still have 11 men, but Padelli will no longer watch from the touchline.,3
SENT OFF! Can does not escape with a cursory yellow, however, and is shown a straight red card! He only came on at half-time, but his clash with Porro near the touchline has been deemed worthy of a sending-off! Dortmund are down to 10 men!,3
WILLIAN IS OFF! The referee is left with no choice but to also show a red card to Willian after denying a clear goal-scoring opportunity with his hand on the line. He's shaking his head in disbelief, but he can't argue with that.,3
RED CARD! Things are heating up as Lamptey catches Grealish and referee Oliver deems it enough to give Brighton's right-wing back his second yellow of the game. The youngster was only given his first booking five minutes ago and now he has been given his marching orders!,3
GIROUD SENT OFF!!! Continuing his tirade against the referee sees Giroud receive another yellow card, and Milan's top scorer is sensationally dismissed! The Rossoneri are unravelling here, and they go down to 10 men!,3
RED CARD! Deeney has been sent off! Torreira is on the ball and Deeney tries to tussle with him for possession, but the striker catches the Gunners' midfielder in the face with an elbow and is shown a straight red card! Watford are down to 10! ,3
Welinton is sent off for bringing Dahoud down in a goalscoring position, conceding a penalty in the process.,3
More drama right on the final whistle! Dijks has received a straight red card. It seems to be for complaining to the referee.,3
Now Bologna are down to 10! Sansone reacted badly to a challenge by Kessie, and the referee has again brandished a red card.,3
RED CARD! Di Cabrine jinks past the final defender and Calabria drags him down by the neck just outside the box! The referee instantly brandishes a red card and now there's debate about where the foul took place! ,3
RED CARD FOR BAKAYOKO! Bakayoko makes a clumsy challenge on Hernandez and receives his second yellow card! Napoli are down to 10 men for the remaining quarter of this game.,3
RED CARD! Verdu is sent off for Elche as the captain takes down Lewandowski to deny to clear goal-scoring opportunity. Easy decision for the referee.,3
RED CARD FOR ATLETICO! Savic is dismissed for a elbow into Rudiger's chest as Chelsea defend Atletico's latest corner. It looks fairly innocuous and Rudiger makes the most of it but it's still violent conduct and Savic makes the lonely walk down the tunnel. Atletico will have to play the last 10 minutes with 10 men.,3
RED CARD! BARCELONA HAVE LOST THEIR LEAD, AND THEY'VE NOW LOST ALBA! Lahoz continues to flash his yellow card, and Alba has talked himself into a second booking after Espanyol were awarded a free-kick! The Barca defender was in conversation with the referee while setting up a defensive wall for the kick, and he's clearly said something Lahoz didn't like!,3
ARSENAL DOWN TO 10! Xhaka was originally shown a yellow card for the tackle on McNeil, but after that, the replays showed him grabbing Westwood by the neck. VAR had a look at the incident, and after going over to the monitor, Graham Scott upgrades the yellow to a straight red for violent conduct.,3
FULHAM DOWN TO 10! Cavaleiro loses possession and Robinson tries to win it back. He flies into the challenge on Azpilicueta, completely missing the ball and taking out the right-back. The referee goes straight to his pocket and pulls out the red card.,3
RED! HE’S OFF! Lecomte is deemed to have volleyed the underside of Ceballos’ leg, getting to the ball late and instead catching the man right outside the penalty area. The goalkeeper is given his marching orders as captain Cabrera is tasked with going in goal.,3
OFF! After looking at the screen at the side of the pitch, referee Dean sends Ajayi off for deliberate handball. The West Brom man can have no complaints.,3
HERMOSO IS SENT OFF! RED CARD! The substitute centre-back who got Atletico Madrid back into the match with his earlier goal has put his side at a real disadvantage, picking up his second yellow card in two minutes after giving Ceballos a two-handed shove during a corner-kick for the hosts! Atleti down to 10 men!,3
Bengtsson lunges in on Emerson on the edge of the Chelsea box to receive a second yellow card. He initially looked to have got away with it but the referee waited for the Malmo defender to get to his feet before showing him the card.,3
OFF! Insigne vents his frustration at the referee for the penalty decision and goes over the top. The official brandishes a red card to dismiss the forward for dissent. A huge moment in the game and potentially the title race in Serie A.,3
RED CARD! Matters are made worse for Samp, as Thorsby receives a second booking after he lunged in on Pjanic. A hefty touch took the ball away from him, and as soon as he made the challenge, the midfielder knew his game was over.,3
This has been an ugly game, in all honesty. Tousart brings Mbappe down, who was ready to spring a counter for his side. A second yellow means both sides are down to 10 men.,3
THE PLAYING FIELD IS LEVEL! It was accidental by Muller, but horribly dangerous nonetheless as he gets a boot up into the head of Tagliafico, who has been cut open in the process! Muller can't be putting himself in that position. He sees red and hands Ajax a huge lifeline in the process!,3
AJAX DOWN TO 10 MEN! Well that really puts a dent in their plans! It's sloppy, late and reckless from Wober who thought he could break up a counter but arrives late and dangerously hacks Goretzka to ground. It's a straight red and Ajax have a tough task ahead of them now.,3
Hughes looks to break down the right wing - and Matic carelessly barges into him to cut off his run. It's a second yellow for the United man - and therefore a red. The visitors will play out the final minute or so with 10 men.,3
Holding is sent off!!! Arsenal are down to 10 men after the centre-back receives his second booking for pushing over Son, as the Korean looked to latch onto a long Dier through ball.,3
RED CARD FOR FULHAM! Things go from bad to worse for Fulham. Ream's foul was his second bookable offence of the game, so he has to go! This game is slipping away from the hosts.,3
The crowd aren't happy one bit as the referee blows for full-time as Levante look to have carved out a promising-looking last attack, and Pier's protests earn him a second yellow card after full time!!!,3
OFF! Ruiz is handed a second yellow card for handball. It's a harsh one on the midfielder as his arms were down by his side. However, the referee feels that it was an intentional ploy to stop a Milan counter and sends the Napoli man on his way.,3
Et Rennes va terminer ce match à dix ! Meling, coupable d'une grosse semelle sur Ounas, est exclu pour les dernières minutes de cette rencontre.,3
RED CARD FOR ALAVES! Jota has made his side’s fight for three points a lot more difficult, getting himself sent off for a second yellow card after raising his boot high and catching Pique high in the chest. It’s unfortunate for the midfielder, but it’s worthy of a booking. The hosts down to 10 men!,3
HE'S OFF!! McBurnie's not happy with the referee's decision there, and tells him as much. The referee responds with a second yellow card for the striker, who is sent off and leaves Sheffield United down to 10 men!,3
There is another red card for Monza in the dugout. This time substitute Mirko Maric is sent to the stands.,3
Leganes goalkeeper Cuellar is sent off for a second yellow card after being deemed to waste time by the referee. Silva takes the gloves and will finish the game as goalkeeper!,3
It's a red card! Kouassi is deemed to have committed an offence worth a straight dismissal and his night is over already. Bayern will finish this game a man down.,3
The sliding tackle earns Martinez a second yellow card - and he's given his marching orders! Bayern are down to 10 men!,3
MAITLAND-NILES IS SENT OFF! His touch let him down when he received the ball and he slid in on Maddison to try and win it back. The referee is across quickly to show him his second yellow and a red card as he is told to leave the field. ,3
BARCA DOWN TO 10! Both of Fati's feet are off the ground as he launches himself at Calero. He catches his opponent on the shin and is initially shown a yellow card, but the referee rightly changes that to a red when reviewing the incident.,3
RED CARD! Following a trip to the VAR monitor, Gvardiol is shown a red card for a last-man challenge! This could be a lifeline for Freiburg.,3
BOTH TEAMS ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Maybe Napoli *can* get back into this! Pjanic gets a second booking for handling the ball near Juve's penalty area. Now that makes things interesting.,3
RED CARD FOR MERET! Meret sells Malcuit short with a terrible pass forward and Ronaldo suddenly bears down on goal! The Portuguese is bound to score and Meret promptly takes Ronaldo out just outside the box. This will be a tough game for Napoli now.,3
RED CARD FOR DALBERT! Rennes are down to 10 men as Dalbert is shown a second yellow card for that handball incident. It appeared harsh in all fairness.,3
Evans is shown a straight red after taking a heavy touch and diving in with a dangerous lunge on McTominay.,3
Dunk is given his marching orders! Seconds after Anthony Taylor gave him a yellow, the Brighton defender receives a red! Dunk must have said something that the referee wasn't happy with.,3
Odriozola is sent off for a second yellow card! Madrid have it all to do now: the right-back threw himself into a dangerous challenge to stop a breakaway, and despite claims that he took the ball, the referee doesn't hesitate to send him off. ,3
RED CARD FOR RICCI! Inter see the corner out and immediately burst forward. Ricci slides in high on Bastoni and leaves the defender crumpled in a heap. The referee shows no hesitation in dismissing him as Martinez expresses his condolences.,3
Moutinho makes a bad situation worse for Wolves as he fouls Ramsey. He gets his second yellow and then a red card.,3
Luiz jumps with an outstretched arm on Podence and catches him with an elbow. The midfielder gets his second yellow card before referee Dean brandishes the red.,3
OFF! Referee Oliver brandishes the red card to Richarlison after he gets to his feet. It's a deserved one for the Toffees forward.,3
RED CARD! Ibrahimovic has been shown a straight red card and he is sent off! Milan are down to 10 men for the remaining half an hour. It looks like a Ibrahimovic has reacted badly to a free-kick being awarded, after Gagliolo fouls Calhanoglu and the striker has said something to the referee. The match official was quick to brandish the red card.,3
This is a nasty challenge from Thomas, catching the ankle of Kroos to earn a second yellow card. A bad day for Atletico has just got a lot worse.,3
RED CARD FOR ALVES! The Barca right-back is dismissed by the referee. The incident does look nasty on second viewing. Alves heads down the tunnel frustrated. Barca will now have to see out the last 20 minutes against a resurgent Atleti with 10 men.,3
CASEMIRO IS SENT OFF! This match has had just about everything as the Brazil international is given his marching orders for a second yellow card! He gives away a foul in midfield which the referee does not choose to book him for, but Casemiro then does not allow the requisite space for Michel to take the free-kick, instead blocking the delivery and kicking it away. The match official takes exception to this and books the Real Madrid player – after already showing him a yellow earlier in the match! ,3
SAVIC IS OFF! It was an off-the-ball incident that escalated very quickly! Savic dispossessed Torres but then started grappling with the forward on the floor. He was holding him down, grabbing him around the neck and then he pushes Torres away before the referee shows him a straight red. Atletico are down to 10!,3
TORRES IS ALSO OFF! He started it all by rugby tackling Savic and preventing him from standing up. He was dragging the defender by the hair at one point and giving as much as he got. Barca down to 10 too!,3
He has! Referee Paul Tierney goes over to have a look at the monitor at Michael Oliver's recommendation and returns to send Pereira off! West Brom are down to 10 men!,3
RED CARD FOR BURNLEY! Lowton arrives late on Chambers and takes the Villa centre-back out. It's a nasty tackle on first viewing, albeit one made more in desperation than malice. VAR watches it back a few times and agrees with the referee's decision to send the Burnley substitute off.,3
RED CARD! Delph takes a big swing at the ball and gets it, but catches Pereira with his studs on the follow-through. The Leicester players are furious and the referee brandishes the red card! Delph has almost certainly put an end to City's slim chances of snatching a late result now. ,3
RED CARD!!! Ely is caught in the air by Reguilon's elbow, and the referee is quick to blow for the free-kick and holds another yellow card aloft, and Reguilon's second booking in just four minutes means he's sent off! A nervy last few moments coming up for Atletico now, to say the very least.,3
RED CARD! After initially showing Laguardia a yellow card, the referee upgrades it to red after consulting the monitor. Lemar did look clean through so it's hard to argue with the decision. The hosts have a mountain to climb now!,3
RED CARD FOR VALLADOLID! Dembele races inside from the left-hand channel and Plano chops him down with a slide tackle from behind. The referee then shocks the visitors by producing a red card for Plano, who caught the back of the Frenchman’s heels. The tackle looked like a yellow card at most, so perhaps Plano's frustrations are understandable but he still has to go!,3
BUCHA IS SENT OFF! Plzen are down to 10 men! The midfielder was originally shown a yellow card for a poor challenge on Barella, which saw him catch the Italian on the side of his leg with his studs. After a very quick VAR review and an even faster glance at the monitor, the referee upgrades the card to a red.,3
RED CARD! Martinez is shown the red card after protesting the referee's decision to book him, and the striker is evidently furious with the decision.,3
Vlahovic has now been sent off! The Serbian striker wasn't happy with the decision by the referee to penalise him for a foul on the Genoa goalkeeper, and his reaction has earned him two yellow cards, resulting in a red!,3
RED CARD! Arsenal are down to NINE men! Leno rushes out of his box to deal with a long pass in behind but misjudges the bounce of the ball and handles the ball outside of his area, preventing a goalscoring opportunity! The referee reaches into his pocket and pulls out a straight red!,3
RED CARD! Tillman was running through on goal and Nobile had both hands on his shirt, dragging him back to stop him from getting to the ball. He wasn't the last defender, but he was stopping a clear goalscoring opportunity, so he's shown a straight red card and Bremer will have to finish the game with 10 men!,3
RED CARD FOR VALVERDE! Modric's free-kick causes chaos in the Atletico box and they eventually scramble it clear to counter! Morata beats Valverde and is through on goal but Valverde cynically brings him down. It's an obvious goalscoring opportunity, and Madrid are down to 10 men!,3
SENT OFF! Olsson gets in behind and is clean through on goal when Navas sprints back and catches him on the back of the ankle, halting his progress - and removing his boot in the process. The referee shows the Sevilla skipper a straight red for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity! The hosts are down to 10 men! Lopetegui has his head in his hands.,3
RED CARD! Tanganga is shown a second yellow card and is given his marching orders! The defender has been on edge since the Zaha challenge and he dives into a tackle with Ayew, getting nowhere near the ball and catching the striker late. The referee immediately makes his decision and Tanganga is off, so Tottenham are down to 10 men.,3
WEST HAM ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN!!! Just moments after picking up his first booking, Coufal is now given his marching orders too with both sides now down to 10! His second is for a challenge on McAtee.,3
RED CARD! Everton are down to 10 men! A terrible first touch from Jagielka sends the ball over to Jota, who is immediately clattered into by a poor challenge from the defender. It leaves him writhing on the ground as the referee decides to show a straight red card. Huge decision!,3
RED CARD!! Moments after that goal and Stuttgart are down to ten. Sosa picked up his first yellow card for kicking the ball away which looks awfully silly now as he's shown a second yellow moments later for a bad foul. Not ideal for Stuttgart as they chase an equaliser.,3
RED CARD FOR TENHO! The referee looks at the pitchside monitor, wipes out Tenho's yellow card, and shows the defender a red one! The barge on Belotti wasn't so bad, but Tenho was the last man so he has to go. What an early blow that is to HJK.,3
Hause avoids trouble, but the closeness to goal of Konsa's foul sees him given a red card by the referee instead!! It looks harsh given there was minimal contact, but he was the last man and the Villa defender can have few complaints!,3
RED! Hermoso is given a straight red card for a lunge on Loren. It's from behind and cynical, but there was not a violent intent from the defender. ,3
RED CARD FOR VAN DIJK! Liverpool can’t believe their luck as the centre-back is shown a straight red card. The Netherlands defender brings down Isak, who was looking to burst onto a Gordon throughball. Referee Brooks dismisses Van Dijk straight away as the Newcastle striker was through on goal without the challenge.,3
Red card for Kang-In Lee! The referee reviews the footage and decides to show the substitute a straight red.,3
RED CARD! Rabiot, who has only been on the field for a short period of time, is shown a second yellow card for sliding in late and from behind on Gumus. Juventus, much like Genoa, are now down to 10 men.,3
ANOTHER RED CARD! Following Pandev’s foul on Dybala, Marchetti, an unused substitute, has been shown a red card by the referee for disputing the decision.,3
RED CARD! Lerma has been sent off for a second yellow card after blocking Grealish's run. It looked very soft but the midfielder is given his marching orders by Anthony Taylor. Eddie Howe is absolutely fuming.,3
IT'S A RED CARD! VAR had a long look at that incident between Son and Rudiger and have overturned the referee's decision. It was a bad challenge from the forward and he's shown a straight red card. Spurs are down to 10 men!,3
RED CARD! Palace down to 10 men! Five minutes after his booking, Doucoure is late again on Chambers. The referee is left with little option but to show a second yellow card.,3
OFF! COSTA IS GIVEN A STRAIGHT RED CARD! The Atletico forward has been given his marching orders by the referee. He was not happy with a decision and went straight up the official. He let his feelings known and seemingly overstepped the mark. Referee Jesus Gil Manzano brandished the red card, prompting a furious reaction from the Atletico players. Costa has to be escorted from the field by Pique of all people.,3
INTER DOWN TO 10 MEN! The Nerazzurri's task has just become much tougher! Having been warned several times since his earlier booking, Gagliardini receives a second yellow card for an ill-timed tackle on Anguissa in midfield. He's off!,3
RED CARD! Forest are down to 10 men after Boly is shown a second yellow card. He slides through Smith and wins the ball, with the right-back stepping on his foot, but the referee gives it the other way and sends off Boly. VAR cannot get involved as it is a second yellow card.,3
METZ ARE DOWN TO 10! Things are going from bad to worse for the visitors here! It's a late challenge from Traore on Neymar, with the midfielder catching him on the shin with his studs. He was booked in the first half, so he's shown a second yellow before being sent down the tunnel.,3
RED CARD FOR KABASELE! Watford are down to 10 men! The officials decide that Kabasele denied Jota an obvious goalscoring opportunity with that foul. He's gone. What can Wolves do with their new one man advantage?,3
OFF! Xhaka launches himself into a challenge with Cancelo off his feet and is dismissed by referee Atkinson. The contact appears to be minimal, but the intent was dangerous from the Arsenal man.,3
RED CARD FOR BELLEGARDE! WOLVES ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Lockyer and Bellegarde tussle for the ball and both men go down. Caught between the Luton man's legs, Bellegarde looks to escape and kicks out at the Hatters' defender. The referee calls the play back and issues a red card!,3
And a second! Bale now commits to an awful challenge, in opposition territory no less, and Madrid are down a man. Two goals and an early bath!,3
RED CARD FOR NIAKHATE! Wissa charges towards the edge of the area before being brought down by Niakhate, who was booked in the first half! The Forest defender's tackle was a genuine attempt to win the ball, but he stepped down on Wissa's calf and can have no complaints as he's shown a second yellow card!,3
RED CARD! Everton make it back-to-back red cards as left-back Digne is given his marching orders! He was racing after Walker-Peters and managed to end up treading on the back of the right-back's ankle from behind. The French full-back waves his arms in the air as he leaves the pitch but replays do not help Digne's case as the tackle looks even worse.,3
MADRID DOWN TO 10 MEN! After a VAR review, the referee goes back over to Militao and the decision for a yellow has been overturned and he's shown a straight red instead for denying a goal-scoring opportunity.,3
THE DECISION STANDS! Laporte is dismissed for his clumsy challenge on Zaha. He looks forlorn as he heads down the tunnel. He's unfortunate to be sent off but it was a mess entirely of his own making. He's had a nightmare of a first half.,3
RED CARD! Sergio Reguilon's return from injury lasts only a few minutes as he is sent off for that foul on Vitinho. Massive problem for Brentford early on.,3
IBRAHIMOVIC HAS BEEN SENT OFF! Well, out of nothing, Inter have been given a lifeline. Milan’s goalscorer and the difference-maker in this match so far has received his second booking, having gone in on Kolarov. It appeared very harsh, with Kolarov seemingly clipping his own heels, but it has fooled the referee and now it’s advantage Inter!,3
OFF! Sanchez catches Juan as he sticks out a boot to reach Correa's offload. He flicks the Cornella keeper in the face and duly gets his second booking before the referee brandishes the red card.,3
Tuta is sent off!!! The centre-back receives a second yellow card for a really late challenge on Pedri as the young Spaniard beat him to the ball, and the hosts will play the rest of this game with 10 men. He can't really have any complaints, with both of his cards being fully warranted.,3
FULHAM DOWN TO 10! It was Andersen that brought Wilson down to give away the penalty, and after watching the monitor, the referee has shown him a straight red as he made no attempt to play the ball.,3
Mariappa goes in for a 50/50 challenge with Lansbury and catches him late. He receives a second booking and a red card from referee Simon Hooper. There was not a great deal of contact there, but enough for midfielder to draw the foul.,3
RED CARD! Despite only being on the field for 10 minutes, Jonathas is sent off! The substitute looked to catch Kimmich in the face with his arm and the referee immediately showed the Hannover striker a second yellow card.,3
RED CARD! Hernandez has been sent off! What a huge blow that is for Milan. The full-back received a caution for dissent earlier on and now has picked up his second booking after going in late on Dybala. How costly could that be for the hosts?,3
RED CARD! Savic is sent off for the visitors for a second bookable offence. He loses control of the ball in a battle with Lobotka and handles it in an attempt regain possession. The referee is on the spot and dismisses the Atletico defender.,3
SEMEDO IS SENT OFF! RED CARD! Dunk launches a long pass over the top of the defence for Mitoma, who gets on the end of it with only Semedo covering. The right-back gets the wrong side of his opponent and clumsily pushes him over just outside the penalty area! Wolves are down to 10 men!,3
EMERSON IS OFF! Martinelli tried to skip past him down the right and Emerson was late getting across. He sticks out a leg, scraping his studs down Martinelli's ankle and the referee shows him a straight red card. Spurs are down to 10 men!,3
RED CARD!!!! Ahoulou is sent off after a shocking tackle in the middle of midfield. The referee took his time before deciding to dismiss him after a clumsy challenge on Paredes.,3
A blemish to what has otherwise been another good day for United under Solskjaer, as Bailly is shown a straight red for diving in on Fraser with both feet off the ground. A stupid challenge, leaving the referee with little choice.,3
RED CARD! Kucka was booked in the first half and he is now shown a yellow and given his marching orders! The midfielder lost his cool and dived into a challenge with Tavares, catching the Arsenal man late and the referee had no choice but to award a free-kick and send him off.,3
IT'S RED!!! How much worse can things get for Milan?? Replays show that Jovic clearly lashed out at Izzo, and connected too, and the referee has no choice but to rescind the initial booking and show the Rossoneri striker a straight red card!! 2-0 down at the break and now down to 10 players too - the mountain Milan must climb just got a whole lot steeper.,3
RED CARD! CARVAJAL IS SENT OFF! Two yellow cards in as many minutes for the substitute, who is dragged back by Kike Perez as he attempts to get the ball forward for Madrid. However, he appears to lash out at the Rayo midfielder, who goes down clutching his face, and can have no complaints as he is sent for an early bath.,3
IT'S RED!!!! Never mind a second yellow card, it's a straight red for Beraldo!! The referee judges that his shunting of Aubameyang over the sideline should be deemed as violent conduct, and sends the 20-year-old off for the rest of the match!! The visitors are down to 10, and despite their advantages in terms of personnel, PSG's task just got all the more difficult!,3
The Leicester defender has his yellow card changed to a red, and the away side are down to 10 men trying to turn this game around.,3
HE'S OFF!!! The penalty is given for that handball by Gulde, and it's a rather harsh yellow card. However, that's his second of the game, meaning the Freiburg defender is off as Vlahovic prepares to take the Juventus penalty!,3
Mee is sent off! The referee had to go to the monitor to check the challenge and Mee has been given his marching orders. It was a reckless tackle from the Brentford defender, but Frank is furious on the sideline!,3
BAYERN DOWN TO 10 MEN!!! To make things even worse for the visitors, Upamecano's challenge is ruled to be dangerous, and he is given his marching orders! What a huge moment that could prove to be! It also rules Upamecano out of the second leg!,3
Promel, who was contentiously booked in the first half, is issued a second caution for a late challenge on Tel. That was perhaps worthy of a straight red rather than a yellow.,3
Red card for Kohr! Frankfurt's problems have just mounted considerably! Saka makes up for his earlier miss by drawing a cynical trip from Kohr, who's given a second yellow card for stopping the breakaway. The hosts are furious with the decision, but they can have little complaint there.   ,3
Amiri slides in recklessly on Arias, he's out of control and gets none of the ball. It's a straight red card for the Leverkusen winger, and his side are now down to 10 men!,3
GILMOUR IS SENT OFF! Brighton are down to 10 men after a poor challenge from Gilmour. He goes lunging into a tackle on Onana, getting a touch on the ball but crashing into the ankle of the Everton man. The Seagulls are behind and need something special if they want to get back into it.,3
CHALOBAH IS OFF! VAR had a long look at the replays before the referee went over himself. He took his time looking at the replays before coming to his decision, and the original yellow card is overturned, and Fulham are down to 10 men just eight minutes in!,3
Davies is sent off! The defender caught Endo with a high, studs-up challenge on his calf and although the referee initially gave a yellow, VAR analyses the foul and decides to award a red card!,3
RED CARD!! How big could that be? Kimmich picked up a silly yellow card in the first half for a shove and he now gets his second after he brings down Arnold as he looks to drive forward with the ball. Bayern are down to ten and Wolfsburg may have a way back into this game.,3
Red card! Chiesa is sent off on his Juventus debut! He looks absolutely gutted, and you can see why. He went to play a loose ball but ended up putting his studs into the sliding Cigarini, who looks to be in a lot of pain. It doesn't look like it was on purpose, but a red is probably the right call.,3
SENDING OFF! Maitland-Niles is shown a second yellow card and is given his marching orders by the referee. The right-back has to be helped off the pitch by the physio, after his challenge on Taylor. Arsenal are down to 10 men.,3
Aye blocks off the run of Ramsey on the edge of the box from Higuain's cutback. The forward receives his second yellow card and then his marching orders from the referee.,3
RED!! Espinosa is off for a second yellow! Having been initially carded harshly for a clash with Messi, the defender clips Suarez's heels and is dismissed to the disbelief of the home side.,3
OFF! Juve are down to 10 men as Bentancur receives his second bookable offence. The midfielder trips Castagne as he attempts to come out from the back and the referee gives him his marching orders.,3
RED CARD! Fernandinho is sent off after blocking the shot on the goal line, denying Chelsea a goal. The defender has no complaints about the decision and now Chelsea have the opportunity to take the lead once again.,3
RED CARD FOR AZPILICUETA! Chelsea down to 10 men! The Blues skipper is given his marching orders as he reacts to Grealish's foul by pushing his hand into the face of the Villa talisman. Contact was minimal and Grealish certainly made the most of it, but that was irresponsible from the Spaniard.,3
RIGONI IS SENT OFF! He catches Gagliardini with a late challenge as he makes a darting run down the left and the referee is very quick to go to his pocket to produce a yellow card. He starts walking off the field as soon as he sees it as it's his second yellow of the game. ,3
RED CARD! Chiesa goes on a slaloming run through midfield, attacking the space with pace and directness. Milenkovic feels he has no other choice but to stick a leg out and bring down the former Fiorentina forward, though he’d already been booked previously! The referee shows the defender a second yellow card and the visitors will be down to 10 men for the final 17 minutes!,3
RED CARD! Leon reacts furiously to the referee and the fourth official about the handball decision. His goes too far in the eyes of the official and is sent off for dissent.,3
It's a sending-off for Alvaro Morata after the final whistle too! The goalscorer looks to have said something to the referee who has immediately flashed him a red card! Juve have finished this game with 10 men, after the final whistle! How utterly strange that is!,3
RED CARD FOR UNAI GARCIA! Osasuna are down to 10 men! Already on a yellow card, the skipper receives a second as he drags back Roque, who was looking to race onto Araujo's throughball. He can have no complaints in all fairness.,3
RED CARD! Paciencia nips past Boateng and the central defender leaves a clumsy leg trailing and fouls the forward as he goes one-on-one! It's right on the edge of the area and looks to be just outside, but the referee initally awards a penalty! However, following a VAR check, a free-kick is given and the yellow card shown to Boateng is changed to a straight red for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity! ,3
RED CARD! Shelvey is shown a second yellow for a clear foul on Reguilon as the Spurs left-back sprinted through on goal and Shelvey brought him down in order to prevent a goalscoring chance. The midfielder has only been on the pitch for 23 minutes after coming off the bench and was shown his first yellow card five minutes ago. Newcastle have to play the final minutes with 10 players.,3
CARDIFF DOWN TO 10 MEN! Controversy here as Ralls sees red! Lucas poked the ball beyond him near the halfway line and looked poised to run in behind him, with Ralls cynically taking the attacker to ground making absolutely no attempt to play the ball. It certainly wasn't a goal-scoring opportunity, so was that simply just four the clear cynical nature of the foul? Seems harsh, and Warnock agrees.,3
HE'S OFF!!! Frustrations boil over for Atleti as Roque runs in behind the defence on the counter-attack. Molina's the last man back, and shunts the substitute to the floor, conceding a dangerous free-kick and being shown an instant red card!!! It's not been the Rojiblancos' game whatsoever, and they're now down to 10 players to compound a miserable 90 minutes.,3
VARANE IS SENT OFF!! The substitute Piatti is brought down from behind just outside of the penalty area by the France defender, who happened to be the last man in defence. Madrid must soldier on with 10 men as Marcelo is being readied to come on.,3
RED CARD! After checking the monitor, Mendez is sent off after a high tackle on Busquets. He stood on the ankle of the Barcelona man after going late into a challenge.,3
Napoli are down to 10 men! A second yellow card for Mario Rui, who catches Dybala with a crunching challenge that leaves the Juve man down on the floor. Both sets of players come together in a fairly ugly mess and the referee shows Rui a second yellow to send him off. ,3
RED CARD! Wow that seems harsh. Raul Garcia's game is over after just 14 minutes after he is booked for another challenge on Kroos. Neither seemed overly cynical nor were they committed in a dangerous area. ,3
RED CARD! Capoue dived into a challenge with Saka and caught the Arsenal man late and both players went down injured as a result. Capoue has come off worse, with the referee having to wait a few minutes while he received treatment, before showing him his second yellow card.,3
OFF! Livermore is given his marching orders on review for his challenge on Grealish. His tackle was high and reckless on the Villa skipper. The referee changes his mind after initially giving a yellow card and brandishes the red.,3
Fekir glides past Nuhu far too easily and it proves to be Nuhu's second yellow. It's been a nightmare debut in the competition for the Ghanaian.,3
RED CARD! Alisson charges out of his box to deal with a long ball over the top by Webster and palms Trossard's dinked shot away! He's off!,3
RED CARD! Allan is initially shown a yellow card for a vicious challenge on Saint-Maximin. However, a VAR check overturns the decision and a red card is shown. Allan is furious with the officials, but he had no reason to complain - it was a deserved red.,3
What on earth has gone on here? Raul Garcia has just been shown a straight red card by referee Antonio Miguel Mateu Lahoz. It's for a challenge, but which one is unclear. Either way, the hosts are down a man, with three minutes of injury time incoming.,3
MAGLICA IS OFF! Darmstadt are down to nine! Mr Petersen shows third red card of the game as Maglica is given his marching orders. The defender trips Kane on the edge of the box. The England captain would have been in on goal otherwise, so the referee sends the offender for an early bath.,3
RED CARD FOR GJASULA! The referee overturns his initial decision and deems Gjasula was the last man, so rescinds his yellow card in favour of a red one. He also confirms contact was outside the penalty area, so just a free-kick is given for Bayern.,3
After a lengthy VAR check, Deli is sent off for that earlier handball after he dived to stop McTominay’s curling shot. He can have absolutely no complaints with that decision. ,3
OFF! Espanyol go down to 10 men, as Cabrera gets caught out by Morata, who chases past him to latch onto a throughball towards the box. The defender blocks his opponent off and a tangle of limbs sees a foul and a straight red card called by the referee! A touch harsh, perhaps?,3
Coman is sent off!!! The Frenchman receives a red card for a slap on Mavropanos, as he felt aggrieved at a challenge by the Greek defender. The hosts will finish this game with ten men.,3
PALACE ARE DOWN TO TEN MEN! Benteke looks to lead with his elbow in contesting an aerial duel with Soucek, and the referee shows no hesitation in showing the Belgian a second yellow card.,3
RED CARD! Mings receives his second booking in six minutes and he is given his marching orders! Initially, the centre-back had failed to deal with Palace's first long ball and then, in his attempts to recover, he drags down Zaha near the halfway line, leaving referee Taylor with no option but to issue a second yellow card.,3
RED CARD! Mbappe is brought down by Savanier, it was a poor tackle by the Nimes man but Mbappe then loses his head and shoves Savanier to the floor. Having already picked up a yellow card in the first half, the referee has no choice but to send the striker off.,3
RED CARD! Murillo is given his marching orders. Celta are down to 10 men as the substitute is sent off just 13 minutes after entering the action. Depay was about to advance into the penalty area before his intervention, and he was the last man.,3
RED! Castillejo has been shown a straight red card after a dangerous tackle on Lo Celso. That sums up a fairly disappointing night at the office for Milan.,3
OFF! Thiago Silva is sent off on his return to the Chelsea team. He catches Yokuslu on his follow through after attempting to block his strike, but catches the Turk in the process. The referee brandishes a second yellow and a red.,3
HE'S OFF!! Palace's composed performance takes a significant hit, after Ayew needlessly takes Elliott down on halfway. He's shown a second yellow card and can have no complaints with the referee's decision, and the red that follows leaves the Eagles down to 10 men for the final 15 minutes of this game!,3
GAVI IS OFF! For the second time in this game, Wendell spins away from Gavi, and the youngster wraps an arm around him to drag him back. It's a silly challenge to make and the referee is left with no choice but to show him a second yellow. Barca will finish the game with 10 men!,3
NORWICH DOWN TO NINE! Drmic goes over the top of the ball and catches Pieters. He does not make all that much contact with the Burnley left-back and referee Kevin Friend will review the decision.,3
RED CARD!!!!! Insigne is now sent to the stands in the dying minutes. Like Koulibaly, he has lost control and said something to the referee. He then hit out at Keita who came to intervene and that is a sour moment for Napoli fans.,3
RED CARD FOR MARTINELLI! Well, that changes things! Martinelli gets a second yellow card for committing two fouls in quick succession, the second being to bundle over Chiquinho as he bursts forward from the throw-in. What stupidity by the Brazilian. Arteta shakes his head.,3
OFF! Vormer slides in late on Vinicius and the referee sends him on his way for a second bookable offence. The Brugge skipper is furious with the official.,3
Red card! Farias has only been on the pitch for 20 minutes, but he gets a straight red for a slide tackle from behind on fellow substitute Barella. He looks hugely annoyed with himself.,3
GALLAGHER IS OFF! After such a strong start to the game, things are going downhill for Chelsea! Gilmour was racing away through the middle and Gallagher made up a lot of ground to get to him. The ball is already out of his reach, and he clumsily brings down the Scotsman. It earns him his second yellow card, and for the second game in a row, Chelsea are down to 10 men!,3
He is off!!! Marriner flashes his red card to Casemiro, who put his hand around the throat of Hughes during that struggle between the two sets of players. United will have to see out the rest of this game a man down.,3
RED CARD! Well, Wolves certainly have the upper hand now. A sloppy touch put Choudhury in trouble and the midfielder, as he slipped, had little choice but to bring down Dendoncker and receive a second booking.,3
RED CARD! Leao goes for a cross with a high boot in the Sampdoria box and catches Ferrari in the head. The referee brandishes a second yellow card and then a red to send the forward on his way.,3
FIORENTINA DOWN TO 10! Gonzalez's temper has got the better of him here. Within seconds of the first yellow card being shown, he sarcastically applauds the referee for the decision, resulting in a second booking for dissent and a red card.,3
RED CARD! Frimpong is sent off for Leverkusen as things go from bad to worse for them. He fouls Pepe unnecessarily and the referee shows him a second yellow card.,3
RED CARD FOR BASTONI! Bastoni receives his second yellow card for clipping Juwara as the winger knocked the ball past him. It's 10 versus 10! This is getting feisty now.,3
RED CARD FOR SORIANO! What's this? Soriano dribbles towards Inter's box but his touch lets him down and he catches Gagliardini. The referee gives him his marching orders and Bologna are down to ten men! That looks incredibly harsh.,3
CORREA IS SENT OFF! The referee has gone over to review the incident after VAR looked at it and he's now showing him a red card for lashing out at Chema. ,3
RED CARD, MARUSIC! Lazio down to nine! It goes from bad to worse for the hosts. Penalised for a push on Leao, the full-back vents his frustration. However, he does so too much for the liking of the referee, who shows him a straight red card.,3
RED CARD FOR PELLEGRINI! Two quickfire yellows in the space of seven minutes mean Lazio are down to 10 men. Waiting for a whistle that does not arrive, the left-back drags down Pulisic, who was threatening to race away on the counter, and receives his marching orders.,3
ANOTHER RED CARD! Incredible! Rochina, who was substituted earlier in the game, has been shown a second yellow card whilst in the dugout for protesting the decisions of the referee.,3
RED CARD! Nacho is shown a second yellow card and he has been sent off! Dwamena span away from the Spanish defender on the right side of the box and he opted to pull him to the ground. The referee had no choice but to send him off there.,3
FABIO IS SENT OFF! The ball bounces away from Vitinha and Fabio has his foot high to try and block the pass. He ends up catching the Portuguese midfielder on his knee with his studs and the referee shows him a straight red card. Fabio is trying to claim he touched the ball, but he got nowhere near it. Nantes are down to 10 men!,3
Getafe are down to 10 men! It is a straight red card for Alena, and this game takes a major twist with over a quarter-hour to go. Surely Atletico can smell a result now!,3
OFF! After arriving late into a studs-up challenge on Christie just outside Bournemouth's box, Mac Allister is shown a straight red card! He caught his opponent's boot, but it wasn't malicious - nonetheless, he has to walk, and Liverpool are now down to 10 men!,3
CASEMIRO IS SENT OFF! No sooner do Madrid deal with the first Messi free-kick does Casemiro commit a second foul, barging Mingueza over on the edge of the area. The referee has no choice. He shows Casemiro a second yellow card and then a red. Casemiro has to go!,3
Montoya is shown a red card! VAR completes its check and the referee decides to change his mind and show Montoya a red card for a professional foul!,3
Extraordinary scenes - Sevilla are down to 10 men! En-Nesyri is off for a second yellow card! He goes down in the Salzburg box but the referee deems him to be the culprit and books him for what seems to be simulation, before showing him the red.,3
ROBERTSON IS OFF! The left-back lunges into Emerson with a reckless challenge that leaves Spurs man on the deck. The referee initially gives a yellow card for the challenge, but is instructed to the screen at the side of the field. On review, referee Paul Tierney overturns his decision and brandishes a red card to the Scot. Liverpool will not be happy after Kane avoided a red in the first half.,3
Second yellow, and Matheus is OFF! A shove on Webster from the Wolves winger leads to a scuffle between himself, Estupinan and Dunk, with the referee quickly intervening to calm tensions before giving Matheus his marching orders via a second yellow card!,3
RED CARD! Gabriel is shown a straight red card and is sent off! Tadic fouls Gabriel on the edge of the penalty area, the centre-back then goes down injured and Tadic pushes him in the back in frustration. Gabriel then reacts very angrily, pushing Tadic in his chest and then leaning in with his head and appearing to headbutt the striker.,3
RED CARD!!!! Coulibaly has lost his head and left his foot in on Silva. The Brazilian screamed in pain and the referee wasted no time and showed him his second yellow card.,3
RED CARD! Consigli is sent off after he mistimes his jump to try and head the ball clear, completely misses the ball and Piatek runs clear on goal with the opportunity to poke the ball into the back of an empty net. The goalkeeper drags the striker down to stop him, resulting in a Milan free-kick and a red card.,3
MANDANDA IS SENT OFF! The keeper races out of his box when Di Maria is set free on goal and foolishly extends his arms to save the shot! Had it been legal, that would have been a great save - but it wasn't. Marseille are down to 10 men!,3
HE'S OFF! Adenon is shown a second yellow card after bringing Mbappe down right on the edge of the penalty area, just as the striker was about to break into the box. The referee shows no hesitation in giving him his marching orders.,3
RED CARD! BARCA ARE DOWN TO 10! Lenglet is sent off for his second bookable offence as he pulls back Joaquin. The home crowd bay for blood and are satisifed as the referee produces the yellow then the red card.,3
OFF! Fekir reacts to his booking with a dismissive hand gesture and is handed his second yellow card. He must have said something to the official. Fekir has his marching orders and Betis are down to 10 men.,3
RED CARD! After a LENGTHY VAR review, the referee walks back onto the pitch and brandishes the red card for Soucek! It didn’t seem to be a particularly dangerous challenge, but the match official has decided that it’s violent conduct. It may not hurt West Ham today, but that expulsion will certainly change their gameplan in the matches to come.,3
The referee carefully watches the video and returns to the pitch to overrule the earlier yellow and show Cuadrado a red! It certainly looked like a deliberate professional foul and Cuadrado can have few complaints. ,3
Things have gone from bad to worse for Reading now, as they drop to 10 men! Casemiro is cleaned out by Carroll and it is a second yellow for the forward, who heads straight down the tunnel. It is not the former England international's finest moment.,3
RAMON IS OFF! A second yellow card for a late lunge on Casemiro sees Alcoyano reduced to 10 men for the final 10 minutes. Will they be able to hold on?!,3
RED CARD! After watching the incident back, the referee wastes no time in sending Pickel off! It was a blatant shove to throw Tonali off his stride. The Cremonese man can have no complaints.,3
RED CARD!!! Bella-Kotchap is sent to the stands and he can have no complaints after a clumsy touch. The centre-back turned away from Muller and tried to find Riemann but he kicked thin air and fell over the ball. With Muller coming towards him, he handled possession and brought down the Germany international. He had to go and Bochum are down to 10. ,3
HERNANDEZ IS SENT OFF! The left-back looks to stop Pellegrini’s progress into the penalty area and goes into a clumsy challenge - which prompts the referee to brandish a yellow card. Having already been booked, the France international is given his marching orders, meaning he will miss next week’s Milan derby!,3
RED CARD FOR ATALANTA! De Roon is shown a straight red for violent conduct for his part in the melee. The Dutchman pushes the referee after the card is shown, pretty much proving the official's point.,3
SECOND YELLOW! CALABRIA IS OFF! Miranchuk looks to cut inside from the left in midfield ahead of Calabria, who slides into a challenge to try and win back the ball. The Milan captain instead catches the man and earns a second yellow card, which sees him sent off! Milan will have to finish the match with 10 men!,3
GABRIEL IS OFF! Just two minutes after receiving his first booking, Gabriel is given a second! Both of them are unnecessary yellows, with his second coming for blocking Jesus' run off in the centre circle. There's no need for the challenge and Arsenal are down to 10 men! ,3
Red card for Bayern! Pavard is shown a straight red. Furth rip through Bayern with a series of rapid interchanges that send Dudziak through on goal. Pavard attempts to poke the ball away with a slide challenge but only brings down the Furth man, and after careful hesitation, the referee sends him off.,3
Saelemaekers is shown his second yellow card in two minutes as his reckless and dangerous tackle on Elmas draws another booking. Milan will be down to 10 men for the final three minutes.,3
MONCHU IS SENT OFF! Vinicius skipped away from the first challenge from Quini and Monchu followed in with a heavy challenge. He slid in, getting nowhere near the ball and sweeping Vinicius' legs out from underneath him and the referee goes across to show him a straight red card. Granada down to 10! ,3
Kroos is given his marching orders after picking up a second yellow for a foul that disrupted a breakaway.,3
RED CARD! Bellarabi, who had just come on, is dismissed for a late stamp on the trailing leg of Rafinha! Leverkusen are now down both a goal and a man.,3
THINGS GO FROM BAD TO WORSE AT THE BERNABEU! VAZQUEZ SENT OFF! It looked a standard foul to prevent a counter-attack from Vazquez inside the centre-circle on Merino, but perhaps the forward had forgotten his previous booking in the first half. In any case, he's given his second yellow, and promptly sent off! He is clearly unhappy as he has words with the referee, before proceeding to walk off the pitch and tear his shirt. What a horrible lapse in judgement; one that leaves Real Madrid with 10-men on the pitch for the final half-hour! ,3
Alonso, having initially been shown a yellow card for a coming-together with Lewandowski, is now shown a straight red after VAR look at the incident! The Spaniard appeared to strike his counterpart in the face and is sent off!,3
OFF! Palace are down to nine men! Issued a second yellow card of the game, this time for an elbow on Mitrovic in midfield, Tomkins is sent off by the referee. He can have few legitimate arguments with that - it could've been a straight red!,3
OFF! Fred slides in hard on Herrera and is given a second yellow card by the referee. It is a harsh second yellow, but the Brazilian should have been sent off in the first half. The midfielder is given his marching orders, but he is not happy about the decision.,3
RED CARD! Delph is shown the red card for a second bookable offence following his late challenge on Capoue.,3
RED CARD! Joao Felix is sent off on his Chelsea debut! For throwing himself into a reckless studs-up challenge on Tete, the on-loan forward is shown a straight red card and will not complete even an hour on his first Premier League appearance!,3
This could be a game-changer, as Baptiste is sent for an early bath, having rugby-tackled Trincao to the turf shortly after receiving his first yellow card. The Bees are down to 10 men!,3
RED CARD FOR MADRID! Vallejo is sent off for blocking Willian Jose's effort towards goal with his hand. It's a blatant penalty.,3
It's 10 versus 10! The referee heads to the monitor to take another look at the bust-up and it appears both Hakimi and Mangani threw punches at one another! There is no debating that decision, Mangani follows Hakimi down the tunnel!,3
A twist at the Parc des Princes! A scuffle breaks out and involves almost every player on the pitch, and Hakimi needs to be held back after some serious pushing and shoving from him. The referee waits until it has all calmed down before showing him a straight red!,3
NYOM’S YELLOW IS CHANGED TO RED AND HE’S OFF! The full-back was originally shown a yellow card for stepping on the ankle of Renan Lodi, who had fallen over just out of play in an attempt to save the ball from going out.- but after an extremely fast VAR review, it’s been changed to red. The challenge was definitely unpleasant, but thankfully the Atletico player is back up and walking without issue.,3
PENALTY TO CITY! What a horror start for Fulham and captain Ream, who has seen red for dragging down Jesus. Well, an uphill challenge has surely become a near impossible one now, as Gundogan steps up to take the spot-kick.,3
OFF! Gavi commits another reckless foul as the ball slips away from him in midfield, and his sliding challenge on Collado brings a second yellow card for the teenager. He's off, and Barcelona are down to 10 men!,3
Sevilla's Fernando, who was earlier substituted, is shown a needless red card after the full-time whistle after appearing to say something to the referee! It's a sour end to the game for the stunned hosts.,3
OCAMPOS IS OFF! Just minutes after picking up a needless booking for dissent, the Argentinian is off! Ocampos looked like he was trying to pull out of the challenge, but it didn't stop him from crashing into the midfielder. He stays down holding his knee, but the referee has no sympathy as he shows him his second yellow card. Sevilla are down to 10!,3
DALBERT’S YELLOW IS CHANGED FOR A RED! After pushing Ibrahimovic over from behind during a counter-attack, the Fiorentina winger was initially shown a yellow card - but after review, it appears as though the challenge stopped a goal-scoring opportunity; thus the expulsion! Fiorentina are down to 10 men!,3
Milan will finish the match with 10 players. Suso, who was booked for dissent a little earlier, goes in late on Valdifiori and is shown his second yellow.,3
Following a quick VAR check, Niakate's booking for hacking down Behrens is overturned, and the referee flashes a red card in the defender's direction! He has his marching orders, and Braga are one man down before the break!,3
Red card for Cabaco! The defender is dismissed for brutally sliding in on an onrushing Dembele, kneeing him in the chest on the follow-up. This could get even worse for Levante.,3
RED CARD! Villa are down to 10 men after a horrendous tackle from McGinn. Udogie skips past him, and the Lions captain lunges across him without trying to win the ball. It’s a naughty challenge, and the Spurs players are quite rightly furious.,3
BERNARDESCHI IS SENT OFF! He goes sliding into Barrow with his foot off the ground and he takes out the player. He was going for the ball, but it was a bad challenge and the referee goes straight to his pocket to pull out the red card. Juventus will have to play the last minute with 10 men. ,3
GUTI IS SENT OFF! ELCHE DOWN TO 10! It's a silly challenge from the previously carded midfielder, who goes sliding in on Kroos to win the ball. He goes through the back of the German and catches the man before getting a touch to the ball which leaves the referee with no choice. It's a second booking - and he's sent off!,3
NUYTINCK SENT OFF! The referee makes his mind up immediately and sends off the Udinese substitute for a cycnical rake down the calf of Castillejo. There appeared to be no intent to play the ball there, and the match official looks to have made the right call!,3
RED CARD! Parma are reduced to 10 men as Kucka receives his marching orders following an off-the-ball incident soon after Inter's equaliser.,3
Bournemouth's task gets even more difficult! Red card for Francis! Francis pulled back Jota on the edge of the area and while the referee initially plays advantage, once the ball goes out of play he returns to show the defender a second yellow! ,3
Keita is shown a second yellow card for that pull on Dragowski's top and is sent off! Just to clarify, it is still 2-1 and Inter are down to 10 men for the remaining seconds. There's still time left for a late, late twist!,3
ATALANTA GO DOWN TO 10 MEN!! Second-half substitute Toloi is sent off! He hauls back Sanchez midway through Atalanta's half and is immediately shown his second yellow card since arriving from the bench! Could that kill off La Dea's hopes of retrieving something from this match?,3
RED CARD! Herrando pulls back Pedri through on goal and the referee brandishes the red card. A nightmare debut for the 22-year-old. It was needless from the defender and Osasuna are down to 10 men.,3
SECOND YELLOW! Messias has been on the pitch for less than two minutes, and he has already done more than some of his team-mates did in 70. After narrowly missing the target, he then played a part in Djidji's red card. The Torino player was booked in the first half, and he has just been shown his second yellow card after a poor tackle on Messias on the halfway line. He was so desperate to stop the Milan player that he mistimed his challenge, and he must now watch the rest of the game from the changing room.,3
After checking the monitor, the referee has gone back over the Perrin and showed him a red card for the challenge on Mbappe. St-Etienne are down to 10 men!,3
CHANGED TO RED! Obiang was initially shown a yellow card for his tackle that caught Chiesa by the ankle, but after a VAR review it’s been changed to red! Sassuolo are down to 10 men!,3
Kondogbia impedes the progress of Pino, sending the substitute to the ground in the process as he was driving towards goal. It's the second yellow of the game for the Atletico Madrid midfielder - who has been sent off! ,3
The referee calls an end to the game after three extra minutes of the allotted injury time, but PSV's players are far from happy and Mauro Junior is shown a red card!,3
PENALTY!!! Son gets the run on Salisu and glides past him into the box. Salisu then cuts down the Spurs forward, conceding a blatant penalty! To make matters worse, he's yellow-carded again, meaning he is sent off and Saints are down to 10!,3
RED CARD! Taremi is sent off! After Marega was adjudged to have fouled Demiral while competing for an aerial ball, Taremi fires the ball forward after the whistle had gone. The Juventus players surround the referee, and he goes to his pocket to show the Porto striker a second yellow card.  ,3
KOVACIC SENT OFF! Anthony Taylor initially books Xhaka following a 50-50 with Kovacic. However, 30 seconds after doing so, the referee reaches back into his pocket to show Kovacic a second yellow. That is an incredibly harsh call!,3
ASSIGNON IS OFF! The Frenchman was booked early on in this game, and that challenge for the penalty is deemed to be his second bookable offence. After pointing to the spot, the referee goes to his pocket to pull out a second yellow card for Assignon, who is sent off, much to Burnley's disbelief. Burnley are down to 10!,3
COSTA IS OFF! The referee gets word of the incident and gives the Brazilian his marching orders. It's a terrible end to an excellent performance off the bench for Douglas Costa! And surely there will be further discipline coming?,3
RED CARD!!!! Higuain has said too much after being carded and the referee now sends him off. What a huge error from the Milan forward!,3
OFF! Nottingham Forest captain Worrall is given his marching orders! Caught out by a well-timed Fernandes run into the box, the centre-back hauls his fellow skipper down and is immediately shown a red card!,3
RED CARD FOR ANGELINO! The former City man picks up his second yellow card for a clumsy challenge on Cancelo. It's not been the return to Manchester he would have been hoping for.,3
TREZEGUET IS OFF! It's a very late challenge from the forward as he blocks off Zaha's run down the right wing. It's a bad decision from someone on a booking and the referee is quickly across to show him his second yellow and then the red. Villa down to 10!,3
SANCHEZ IS SENT OFF! The Granada defender is given his marching orders after stepping across Messi and taking him out, near the Granada 18-yard box. The foul doesn’t appear to be anything malicious, but the match official has deemed it worthy of a second booking as the visitors are reduced to 10 men!,3
RED CARD! Semedo is shown a straight red card! Wolves launch a quick counter which results in Jota knocking the ball beyond the Olympiacos defender on the edge of the box before going down after being caught late by Semedo, who was the last man. The home side are down to 10 men.  ,3
RED CARD! Cash has been shown a second yellow card for his rash challenge on Foden, just a couple of minutes after his initial booking. The referee showed no hesitation in showing him another and sending the right-back off. Both teams are now a man down.,3
RED CARD! The decision has been overturned and Stones has now been shown a straight red card! The centre-back dived into a challenge with Ramsey, catching the Villa man high and late on the halfway line. The referee went over to take a look at the video replay and changed his mind, overruling the yellow and changing it to a red.,3
A RED CARD! And out of absolutely nowhere too! Lopez turns to say something to the referee, and it certainly hasn't gone down well as the referee shows no hesitation in brandishing a straight red card! It's a bizarre situation we've rarely seen before, but the fact is that Sassuolo are now down to 10 men!,3
DALOT IS SENT OFF! Referee Oliver takes a no-nonsense approach here. The United right-back gestures wildly after an initial throw-in decision goes against him, with a yellow card immediately shown. Seemingly punished for getting further involved, Oliver shows a second yellow card to Dalot in quick succession and United will end this game with 10 men at Anfield! What has the Portugal international said there... and, more importantly, what is he thinking?!,3
RED CARD FOR KRSTOVIC! HE’S OFF! The referee takes absolutely no time in making up his mind, showing the Lecce striker a straight red card for leaping during an aerial duel and lifting his leg far too high, catching Chukwueze on the shoulder with his studs. The striker doesn’t look to be protesting the decision too ferociously, seemingly accepting his fate. Lecce are down to 10 men!,3
Gravillon gets caught ball watching, and Mbappe runs in behind him with the chance to shoot. The former Monaco forward goes down, and the officials claim the Lorient defender deserved to be sent off. It will be Mbappe to take the penalty...,3
RED CARD! Savic loses all composure and is shown a second yellow card as he takes Camavinga out with a sliding challenge.,3
INTER DOWN TO 10! Skriniar catches Kyriakopoulos and gets none of the ball. The referee Davide Massa shows the Inter centre-back a second yellow card.,3
Tonali is sent off! The Milan midfielder catches Ionita with a late, high lunge that connects with the midfielder's knee. He's initially shown a yellow card, but a check with VAR ensures that the punishment is upgraded to a red!,3
RED CARD FOR MATA!!! GETAFE ALSO DOWN TO 10! Both sides have now lost a player as Mata is given his marching orders. The Getafe forward caught Araujo late and is shown a second yellow card by the referee.,3
RED CARD FOR RAPHINHA!!! BARCA DOWN TO 10 MEN! Although, they can have few complaints. Anticipating another fierce block from Alvarez, Raphinha gets in first, but does so with his elbow. The referee has no choice but to produce the red card.,3
Silva is given his marching orders! After checking with VAR, the referee has changed his mind and upgraded the Benfica defender's yellow to a red. It was an unnecessary challenge and Schmidt certainly won't be happy!,3
THE REFEREE SHOWS A RED CARD TO KLOSE! A pass is fizzed into the feet of Fernandes just outside the penalty area, and the midfielder has the presence of mind to flick it behind for Ighalo. The striker is through on goal but brought down on the 18 by Klose, who is immediately given his marching orders!,3
RED FOR ROMAGNOLI! Guida has finally reached his limit with the Milan skipper’s behaviour throughout the match, and after sarcastically clapping another decision against his side, the referee whips out the straight red and sends him off! It goes from bad to worse for Gattuso and his troops!,3
Gross' corner is attacked by Dunk. The ball runs loose and the centre-back, in an attempt to keep the attack alive, lunges in on Cahill two-footed and is rightly dismissed. There was no malice in the challenge, but he left the floor and has to go.,3
Pepe's sent off! Replays show that the Arsenal man thrust his head into Alioski away from the play and the referee doesn't hesitate in showing a red card!,3
RED CARD! Koke is shown a second yellow card after dangerously lunging in on Zaldua down the right-hand side of the field. The Spaniard can have no complaints about that.,3
RED CARD! Jankewitz, making his first Premier League start today, has been sent off with a little over a minute played after catching McTominay on the thigh with a horror challenge. Referee Mike Dean had no choice there.,3
Wolfsburg are down to 10, with their captain Guilavogui receiving his second booking for that tackle on Cuisance.,3
PENALTY AND A RED CARD! The foul was deemed to have occured just inside the area, and a penalty is awarded! Incredible drama at the death! And to top things off, Radu is issued a red card! It's not entirely clear what for just yet, but he must have said something to the referee.,3
CITY DOWN TO 10! Silva is running down the left and he tries to shield the ball from Walker, who is coming in quickly behind him. The right-back seems to just kick out at the back of Silva and the referee shows him a straight red card.,3
RED CARD FOR CRESSWELL! Aouar sends Dembele running through on goal with a great ball down the middle. Cresswell collides with the striker, who instantly goes down. He's heading away from goal, but the referee pulls out his red card and West Ham are down to 10 men just before half-time! That could change this game dramatically.,3
RED CARD FOR SANDS! The Rangers defender receives his second yellow card in as many minutes for the foul on Simeone. He has to go. Rangers are suddenly down to 10 men and in trouble!,3
Savic is dismissed for a second bookable offence for his handball, although it didn't seem he could do a lot about it.,3
RED CARD FOR DAHOUD! Brighton are down to 10 men! The midfielder is shown a straight red card after he appeared to stamp on Osborn's ankle. It did look accidental to be fair, but it was endangering his opponent.,3
Torreira follows through on Rose, catching his opponent on the shin, to earn hismelf a late red card. We have now had just about everything in this second half.,3
OSIMHEN IS SENT OFF! Napoli's day goes from bad to worse! It's another example of frustration getting the better of one of the Napoli players here as Osimhen chases Llorente to try and win the ball back. He clips the back of the defender's heels to bring him down and gets his second yellow card of the game. Napoli are down to nine men!,3
POLITANO IS SENT OFF! Zalewski has a big handful of the winger's shirt to drag him back, and the referee's whistle goes to award Napoli a free-kick. Instead of that being the end of it, Politano swings out a leg to kick the youngster in the hip, and the referee is left with no choice but to give him a straight red card. It's a moment of madness by the Italian, and Napoli are down to 10 men!,3
Pinsoglio, Juventus' backup goalkeeper, has been shown a red card despite being a substitute on the bench in the aftermath of Juve's second goal. ,3
RED CARD FOR VALLEJO! Granada go down to 10 men as Braithwaite cuts across Vallejo and is brought down on the edge of the box during a rapid Barca counter. Vallejo is the last defender on the scene so he has to go.  ,3
RED CARD! Nice are down to 10 men as Cyprien is shown a second yellow card and is given his marching orders after a collision with Neymar. It looks like the Nice man elbowed Neymar in the face and that is why the referee has sent him off. The home crowd are not impressed, they feel that the PSG man is making the most of the challenge.,3
PSG go down to nine men! Kimpembe halts a counter-attack with a vicious, cynical tackle and he's shown a second yellow!,3
Red card for PSG! Gueye lunges into a 50/50 with Haidara and catches the attacker late prompting the referee to issue him with a second yellow card!,3
BROWNHILL SEES RED! Out of the mediocrity... SOMETHING HAS HAPPENED. Trafford gave his midfielder what the Oxford Dictionary would brand a 'hospital pass'. Lerma was creeping through but Brownhill, the last man, drags him back. The referee had no option and Palace have a free kick in an interesting position here...,3
Red card for Balerdi and Marseille! The hosts quickly lose their man advantage as Marega spins past Balerdi before going down and earning a penalty and a red card for the defender!,3
Grujic is sent off! The Porto midfield bafflingly slams into a challenge with Cuisance despite having plenty of covering players around and he's rightfully shown a second yellow!,3
INTER DOWN TO 10! Within moments of hauling themselves back into the tie, Sanchez lunges recklessly into a challenge with Thiago, earning himself a second booking. The former Manchester United man is sent off at Anfield!,3
OFF! Pogba is given a second yellow card for the challenge. It looked as though initially he had gotten away with a lunge that caught Dani Alves high on his leg. However, the referee thought for about 30 seconds before reaching for the red card. United's evening gets even worse.,3
RED CARD FOR MARSEILLE! Gigot takes out Neymar with a horrendous tackle. The PSG players are rightly incensed and the referee wastes no time in brandishing his red card! Marseille will find a comeback that much harder now.,3
Cabral makes his unfortunate evening worse by earning a second yellow card. He catches Ramos late with a lunge, forcing the referee to brandish the yellow then a red card.,3
RED CARD! Dewsbury-Hall is given a second yellow card for a late challenge on Young and is sent off. He was about to be replaced by Pereira.,3
BAYERN DOWN TO 10 MEN! Well that should certainly be a boost to the hosts' pursuit of a comeback! Robben is late arriving as he catches Rexhbecaj from behind to send the midfielder to ground, and the referee doesn't hesitate in showing the Dutchman his second yellow of the match!,3
RED CARD FOR NKETIAH! Arsenal down to 10 men! Within moments of coming on, Nketiah is given his marching orders for a rash foul on Justin. The referee initially showed the youngster a yellow card but, after a lengthy consultation with VAR, changed it to a red.,3
RED CARD! Dawson is sent off! The referee reviews the video footage and it shows that Dawson was the last man and has therefore denied Lukaku a clear goalscoring opportunity, so West Ham are down to 10 men.,3
RED CARD! Magnusson has been sent off for a second yellow card offence after cynically bringing down Kluivert who was through on goal.,3
LEEDS DOWN TO 10! Ayling is sent off for his reckless two-footed challenge, as the VAR instructs the on-field referee to review his decision to show him only a yellow card. After a brief check, it is upgraded to red, and Leeds are up against it now!,3
RED CARD! Sandro brings down Lasagna on the edge of the box and is shown a straight red card after denying the forward a goalscoring opportunity. Verona have a free-kick in a dangerous position, but Sandro arguably takes one for the team to save the goal.,3
CITY ARE DOWN TO 10!! Rodri and Gibbs-White clash in the corner, and the City midfielder appears to grab at his throat, sending the Forest man tumbling to the turf. The referee sprints over to separate the pair, before brandishing a red card to Rodri. There will be a VAR check, though, to rule whether the sending-off will stand...,3
LENS ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Abdul Samed is sent off! The visitors lose possession high up the pitch, with Hakimi tracking back to win the ball just outside his own penalty area. After taking a step he’s immediately brought down by Adbul Samed, who clearly stomped on his opponent’s ankle - coming nowhere near the ball.,3
RED CARD! Romagnoli's day started extremely well with a goal, but since then he has put forward an awful performance. After being turned with ease by Berardi for Sassuolo's third, he lunges in on Defrel and brings down the forward when through on goal. The Milan skipper is sent off.,3
BREST ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Having just left a little bit on Mbappe, Brassier makes the same mistake once again. The PSG forward breezes past Brassier on the turn and the centre-back clips his heels, leaving the referee with no choice but to show a second yellow card and send him off!,3
OFF! Bassey blocks off Nketiah on a counter and collects his second yellow card and then a red. He was already walking off after the challenge.,3
Gimenez lunges with the foot for a delivery into the Athletic box and promptly puts his boot into the side of Martinez's head. He gets a yellow card, but VAR insists on a second look - and it's going to be a red!,3
RED CARD FOR KABA! Lecce's substitute drives into the box from the byline and goes down when challenged by Chiesa. It's not a penalty, but the referee thinks he made enough of it to merit a second yellow card! He's off!,3
Ten men for Valencia! The visitors are going to see this one out without Paulista. He trips Vinicius with a cynical move and sparks a melee between both teams. The referee hands him a straight red in the middle of the storm and tries to keep order.,3
RED CARD! GOBELJIC IS OFF! Red Star down to 10 men. Already on a yellow card, the defender bundles over Calhanoglu and can have few complaints as he is sent for an early bath.,3
RED CARD, COSTA! After consulting his pitchside monitor, the referee wastes no time in brandishing a red card in the direction of Costa. He can have no complaints in all fairness.,3
BOURABIA IS SENT OFF! The midfielder was second to Milan's clearance and recklessly slid through the back of Rebic on the left wing. Referee Pairetto deems the challenge unacceptable and books Bourabia, before realising the midfielder has already been cautioned and sends him off. Sassuolo are down to ten and it could be a long second half for them.,3
RED CARD FOR EGAN! United are down to 10 men as the skipper is shown his marching orders for pulling back Watkins. A soft one from Egan's perspective, but he was the last man and prevented the Villa striker from getting into full stride.,3
OFF! De Jong is off the field for Sevilla, but he has been red carded. He speaks out against a decision from the official from the sideline within ear shot. Jose Maria Sanchez Martinez marches over and brandishes the card.,3
OFF! Fernando pulls back Trincao on the edge of the box and receives his second yellow card and then a red one. Sevilla are reduced to 10 men.,3
Mancini is also sent for an early bath after the referee brandishes a straight red card, and he flings the captain's armband at Cristante in frustration as Roma go down to NINE players!,3
MADRID DOWN TO 10 MEN! Not only does the referee award a penalty for the handball, but he goes over to Militao and shows him a straight red card for denying a clear goal-scoring opportunity right in front of the line.,3
The day gets worse for Southampton as Hojbjerg is given his marching orders after a very poor lunging challenge on Fernandinho, which really gave the referee no choice.,3
RED CARD! It gets worse for West Brom. James appeared to give Gibbs a nudge off the ball, but the visiting full-back reacts ludicrously, pushing out at the Everton man and giving Mike Dean no chance but to send him off.,3
HE'S OFF! Sean Longstaff catches Neves very high and he's been shown a straight red! It's not malicious as he's chasing a loose ball, but it's a dangerously high tackle that Kevin Friend deems worthy of a red.,3
RED CARD! Akanji gets his marching orders! The City defender is sent off after receiving a second yellow card for pulling down Fati on the counter.,3
RED CARD! The decision has been overturned and Pogba is off! It was a really bad challenge by the midfielder on Keita and after looking at the video replay, the referee changes his mind and shows Pogba a red card. It goes from bad to worse for United.,3
RED CARD! Zerbin is sent off for a second bookable offence and the Monza player will have no complaints with the referee. He caught Alcaraz's heels and the referee had no choice but to send the forward off.,3
RED CARD!!! De Marcos is sent for an early bath after he handles a Barcelona pass. He was tracking back towards his own goal before sticking out his elbow.,3
RED CARD! Nacho is sent off for a high tackle on Portu after a VAR check. He was in the air when diving across to try and get the ball off Portu, connecting with the foot of the substitute.,3
RED CARD!!! Neymar is off!! PSG work the ball forward and Mbappe's throughball into the box is latched onto by the Brazilian, but he goes down claiming a penalty from Djiku's challenge. However, there is no contact whatsoever and the referee books him for diving, and his second yellow card in as many minutes means Neymar is sent off!,3
RED CARD! TOMORI IS SENT OFF! Belotti is in front of the defender and he lets the ball roll in front of him. Tomori puts his arm around the forward to stop him from latching onto it and is shown his second yellow card of the game. The Milan players are furious and surround the referee, with Tomori venting his anger as he follows the official, and he's ordered to get off the pitch. Milan are down to 10!,3
RED CARD!!!! Moffi looks to beat Ramos by knocking the ball past him, but the PSG substitute pulls him back and to the floor! It's a clear yellow card offence, and the ex-Real Madrid captain is given his second booking in four minutes and is off!,3
HE'S OFF!!!! A loose Cucurella pass from the corner gives Barnes a chance to streak clear, but he's taken out by Gallagher and hits the deck! It's a yellow card all day long, and Gallagher's second, which means the young Chelsea midfielder is sent off!,3
PSG DOWN TO 10! It's an awful challenge from Gueye as he went in on the back of Gundogan and caught him with his studs getting nowhere near the ball and the referee shows him a straight red card.,3
RED CARD! Romero is shown a straight red card after he drags Icardi to the ground just inside the penalty area! It's a clear goalscoring opportunity and he was last man, so the referee immediately shows a red card and the defender is off. The striker was just about to fire a shot at goal, when Romero stopped him from doing so.,3
Ahamada was sent off for his second yellow after a poorly timed challenge on Cunha outside the penalty area.,3
RED CARD FOR BALBUENA! Balbuena receives his marching orders for serious foul play. Moyes is understandably furious. Balbuena soon leaves the pitch. West Ham's chances of salvaging anything from this game look to have gone with him.,3
NACHO IS OFF! The referee doesn't have to look at the replays of that challenge for long. It's high and late from Nacho, and it's resulted in the initial yellow card being overturned as he's now shown a straight red. Madrid have to finish the game with 10 men!,3
RED CARD! Christensen is sent off for bringing down Mane as the last man. Referee Paul Tierney initially booked the defender but after looking at the screen on the side of the pitch, he overturns his decision and sends off the Dane.,3
RED CARD! Camara, booked only minutes beforehand, receives a second yellow card for a swing of the arm on Dybala. A very unwise decision from the Young Boys defender.,3
KESSIE IS OFF! He closes Llorente down quickly, but he's already got rid of the ball by the time Kessie gets there. He steps on his foot from behind and is shown his second yellow card of the game and is sent off. That could completely flip this game on its head.,3
AND HE'S OFF! Not only has the referee pointed to the spot and awarded Real Madrid a penalty, but David Garcia is given his marching orders 12 minutes from time! Osasuna down to 10 men!,3
HE’S OFF! The CSKA captain is given his marching orders as the goalkeeper has refused to stand down to the referee and has been shown a second yellow for it! We play on here but someone else will have to come on from the bench to finish the match.  ,3
CALABRIA IS OFF! There's more late drama! As Bennacer waits to take a corner, Calabria gets into a tussle with Mkhitaryan on the goal line. The right-back swings an arm out behind him, catching the Armenian in the face with his fist, and the referee is left with no choice but to go to his pocket for the red card again. Milan are down to nine men!,3
HERNANDEZ IS OFF! It's no surprise that the red card is out here for the argument. Hernandez needlessly rushed over to shove Frattesi off the ball, but he didn't back down when Dumfries grabbed him. He was already on a booking anyway, but that's a straight red. Milan down to 10!,3
DUMFRIES IS OFF! The Dutchman was the worse of the two during that argument, as he had Hernandez by the collar when he dragged him away from his team-mate. It was a rash reaction from him, and his game didn't last long after entering the pitch just 10 minutes ago. Inter also down to 10!,3
RED CARD! Kerkez has been sent off for a horrible challenge over the ball on Doherty! Bournemouth have to play the remainder of the game with 10 men! VAR have checked it and confirmed the onfield decision.,3
IT'S A RED CARD! MAIGNAN IS SENT OFF! The referee has two looks at the monitor and makes up his mind, coming back onto the pitch and giving Maignan his marching orders. The Milan goalkeeper will now be suspended for the Juventus match, while an outfielder will have to finish the game in goal as the visitors have already used all of their substitutions!,3
RED!! Second yellow for Rabiot! The midfielder has been walking a tightrope since the Roma penalty and this is a simple decision. He turns in the centre of the pitch and does not spot Mkhitaryan behind him, diving after the ball and kicking the back of his opponent's leg.,3
After reacting angrily to provocation from the crowd following his converted penalty, Lukaku is sensationally sent off!,3
RED CARD! The referee has changed his mind after reviewing the footage and Omlin has now been shown a straight red card! The keeper doesn't have any complaints and walks straight down the tunnel. Montpellier have got a long game ahead of them now with only 10 men.,3
UDOGIE IS OFF!!! Chelsea break and have a three on two, but Sterling's pass to his right for Palmer is weak and flicked away by Udogie. The ball is running loose, and as Udogie and Sterling challenge for the ball, the full-back scythes down the Chelsea man, giving the referee no choice but to dig out the second yellow and then a red. Spurs are down to nine men!,3
Kenny is off!!! Just a couple of minutes after receiving his first booking, the defender earns a second for bringing down Jimenez in midfield, and the hosts are down to ten men.,3
MARTIAL IS SENT OFF! As Spurs are getting ready to take a corner, Lamela backs into Martial and the Frenchman isn't happy as he feels he was elbowed. Martial then retaliates and hits Lamela under the chin and the referee shows him a straight red card. United down to 10!,3
Sergio Ramos is off! It's a second yellow card and a subsequent red for the Madrid captain after he appears to catch Alcala's face trying an overhead kick. Los Blancos are going to have to play out this game a man down.,3
RED CARD FOR VELJKOVIC! The Serbian defender receives his second yellow for raising his arm when challenging a header with Sule. He's understandably frustrated but everyone - even Bayern's players - seem sympathetic. How will this affect Bremen?,3
Dijks is off! A second yellow makes it a red card for him as he tries to pull back Saelemaekers on the counter. Bologna will finish this game with 10 men and that surely ends their chances of any result being snatched here in remarkable fashion.,3
Remarkably, Rondon is red-carded for a horrible lunging tackle on Henry, ending his involvement after four minutes on the pitch. Everton are down to nine men!,3
Out of the blue, Atletico go down to 10 men! Correa shoves Catena to the ground in retaliation for a foul and sees a straight red card.,3
RED CARD FOR DJALO! The Lille defender is also given his marching orders for provoking Neymar's reaction with those challenges.,3
RED CARD FOR NEYMAR! The Brazilian is dismissed for a second bookable offence after retaliating to a couple of nibbles from Djalo.,3
RED CARD FOR LEWANDOWSKI! The referee shows him his second yellow card, so he has to go off! The Poland international protests but he knew exactly what he was doing when he whacked David Garcia. It's bad news for him, and for Barca.,3
RED CARD FOR COUFAL! Things are going from bad to worse for West Ham. Coufal receives a yellow card for the tackle on Lacazette. It's his second of the game, so he has to go. West Ham fans will not be happy.,3
David Luiz is given a straight red card for bringing down Abraham much to the delight of the Chelsea fans.,3
AND VELTMAN IS SENT OFF TOO! The Ajax defender is penalised for handball following Hudson-Odoi’s shot and his defensive partner’s dismissal, and Ajax have not only conceded another penalty but are also shorn of their two centre-backs! Unbelievable scenes at the Bridge!,3
BLIND IS DISMISSED! The Ajax players surround Rocchi after the ex-Manchester United defender’s trip on Abraham is played on, and once Hudson-Odoi’s shot appeared to have hit Veltman’s hand in the penalty area, Rocchi stops play to hand Blind his second yellow!,3
RED CARD! Correa is shown a straight red after he is deemed to have elbowed Rudiger off the ball! Correa pushes an arm into the chest of Rudiger on halfway, and the former Chelsea man drops to the turf. Atleti are furious, and on second viewing, Rudiger looks to have made the most of the slightest bit of contact.,3
DAN JAMES IS SENT OFF! Leeds are down to 10 men for the second game in a row! It's a really poor challenge from James, who lunges into the challenge on Kovacic and catches him on his calf with his studs. It's right in front of the referee, who goes straight to his pocket to produce the red card. Things have gone from back to worse for the hosts here...,3
RED CARD! Sowah's yellow card for kicking the ball away after a free-kick is given is his second of the game. Brugge will have to defend with 10 players for the rest of the match.,3
RED CARD FOR POTE! The Sporting winger reacts badly to being booked and is shown a second yellow card! He has to go! Sporting are down to nine men. Their lack of discipline has really hurt them.,3
RED CARD FOR ESGAIO! Once the Sporting defender is back on his feet, he's shown his second yellow card in about as many minutes for his reckless challenge on Harit. They're down to 10 men!,3
Red card for Kumbulla now! It gets worse for Verona as they gather their second consecutive red card. This time Kumbulla cynically trips Matuidi as he rushes into the box and earns a second yellow card for preventing a huge opportunity. You'd think that will end their hopes now.  ,3
GIROUD SENT OFF! It's a moment of madness from the striker, who forgets he's on a yellow card as he takes his shirt off in celebration! The striker's face goes from joy to pain as he realises his mistake having already been carded as he's shown a second yellow and given his marching orders!,3
Marchesin - who was meant to be on the bench - was also sent off during the clashes between the two teams.,3
Wendell is shown a red card too! The defender puts his arm up as Cunha attempts to snatch the ball off him, and the Atletico player throws himself down. The referee awards a red card and it seems like a harsh decision.,3
Carrasco is sent off! Porto win a throw-in and Carrasco carries the ball away. Otavio rushes over and snatches the ball off the Atletico man, and Carrasco reacts by pushing Otavio in the face. The referee instantly sends the Atletico man off.,3
RED CARD!!!! After an absolute age, we now have the decision, and Emerson is sent off. He was caught ball watching, and that allowed Jovic to creep in behind him. In an attempt to disrupt his rhythm, Emerson has nudged him from behind, and the referee believes it was a clear goalscoring opportunity. Betis down to 10 men for the final 23 minutes.,3
