Saka went down a moment ago but didn't need treatment. He's gone down again, and this time, the medical team does come on. He's moving gingerly as he goes off, and Smith Rowe comes on for him.,0

Tomiyasu pulled up a minute ago, and it looks like he has a problem with his calf. Arsenal are taking no chances and Soares comes on in his place.,0

West Ham are making the first change of the game here as they chase an equaliser. Lanzini is taken off and replaced by Antonio.,0

GABRIEL SCORES! Saka hangs another corner into the box and this time, it's half-cleared by West Ham. Martinelli recycles it by lifting it into the far post and Gabriel stoops to head it on goal. It's straight at Fabianski, but it hits the keeper's leg which helps it over the line. 2-1 Arsenal!,1

Bowen went down after avoiding the Ramsdale's sliding challenge, and he's booked for simulation. He doesn't have too many complaints about that though.,2

Saka tries to trip Bowen but misses, and then clips him on the back of his heels with the second attempt. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

BOWEN EQUALISES! Again, West Ham look to their right side, and this time, it pays off! Rice goes long over the top for Coufal and he brings it down before volleying a cross into Bowen. His first touch sets it up nicely for a volley, and the slightest nick off Gabriel takes it out of Ramsdale's reach and into the net. 1-1!,1

HOLDING SCORES! It's a much better delivery from the corner this time as Saka hangs it up in the middle of the box. Holding outmuscles Lanzini and leaps higher than everyone else to head it past Fabianski. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

The booked Gloukh also comes off, with Amankwah Forson on in his place to stretch the Inter defence in wide positions.,0

Nene Dorgeles is also brought on by Salzburg and replaces Konate up front for the hosts, whose chances of reaching the last 16 are hanging in the balance.,0

Inter make another change after opening the scoring late on, with Augusto replaced at left-wing-back with the more defensively-minded Federico Dimarco.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Never. In. Doubt! Up steps Martinez, and drills the ball into the bottom-left corner!! Schlager dives the opposite way, as Inter score the first goal of the game with just five minutes left to go, and take the 1-0 lead which could seal their place in the last 16 of the Champions League!,1

Simic's hold-up and linking of play with his team-mates has been important but so far ineffective for Salzburg, who bring on Petar Ratkov for the final 10 or so in the hope of grabbing a late winner.,0

Frattesi is caught late by Gloukh, who leaves a foot in as he releases the ball, and the Salzburg midfielder is booked by the referee with 15 minutes left on the clock.,2

Mkhitaryan also comes off for the visitors, and he'll be replaced by the supremely talented Nicolo Barella in midfield.,0

The well-drilled Salzburg defence has largely kept Sanchez at bay so far, but his fellow South American Lautaro Martinez is now on and could prove an entirely different proposition for the hosts.,0

Kristjan Asllani is on for the Nerazzurri, and will replace Calhanoglu in the middle for the last half-hour of the contest.,0

A fast break from Inter sees Sanchez and Frattesi combine on the edge of the box, but the latter is clipped late, and right on the edge of the box, by Pavlovic, who is very lucky that his yellow card-worthy tackle didn't cost Salzburg a penalty.,2

Darmian's cross from the right is cut out by Salzburg, but their attempted counter-attack is short-lived after Calhanoglu wipes Gloukh out with a cynical sliding challenge. He goes into the book, and the hosts are given a free-kick.,2

Having been booked in the first period, the otherwise impressive Bisseck won't feature in the second as Stefan de Vrij comes into the Inter backline.,0

Having shaken off his first-half injury, veteran Salzburg captain Ulmer is withdrawn at the break anyway, and Lucas Gourna-Douath will replace him for the hosts.,0

Bisseck slid in late on Ulmer as the Salzburg captain took that shot on, and is booked as a result by the referee.,2

Partey is booked for that foul on Mahrez. It was a fairly innocuous foul but in a semi-dangerous position.,2

City have decided to shut this game down, if it even needed it. Foden trots off to be replaced by Fernandinho.,0

Ake is booked for time-wasting over a throw-in. City look frustrated more than frightened of Arsenal at the moment. The visitors are like an annoying fly they just want to swat away.,2

Dias receives a yellow card for that challenge on Saka. Willian and David Luiz are candidates to take the free-kick.,2

Aguero playfully claps to the absent Etihad Stadium crowd while jogging off. Gundogan replaces him. Silva will take Aguero's place up front.,0

Cancelo is booked for pushing Tierney over near the halfway line. It's an easy decision for the referee.,2

GOAL! MAN CITY 1-0 ARSENAL! Just when we were going to say this game is nothing to write home about, City take the lead! Aguero runs through the middle and slides in Foden who cuts inside past Bellerin and shoots. Leno spills it and Sterling is there to slot home!,1

A yellow card is shown to Bani for puling the shirt of Barella as the midfielder looked to break forward on the counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Inter double their lead, it's 2-0! Ranocchia meets a corner at the front post and flicks it on towards the far corner of the net, but it seemed to be heading wide before D'Ambrosio dived in and turned it into the goal from just a couple of yards out.,1

Another Inter change now as Martinez is replaced by Pinamonti and the striker isn't happy about something as he is seen punching his seat on the bench after leaving the pitch.,0

Genoa make a substitution following the Inter goal, with Pjaca the man coming off and he has been replaced by Shomurodov.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Inter take the lead, it's 1-0! Lukaku breaks the deadlock for the visitors on 64 minutes. Barella plays a lovely quick pass through to the striker on the edge of the box, who turns one way and then cuts back and fires the ball into the top left-hand corner of the net. Great finish.,1

Genoa now with a double substitution, with Behrami coming off and he has been replaced by Radovanovic.,0

Perisic was lively in the first half, but has hardly touched the ball in the second, so he has also been replaced, with Hakimi coming on.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Martinez after he slides in and tries to meet Eriksen's low cross into the box, but Goldaniga gets their first and the striker catches him late.,2

Danny Welbeck is Arsenal’s final participant from the bench, with Aaron Ramsey finishing the match in a watching capacity. ,0

ARSENAL WALK IT INTO THE NET FOR 2-0! Ozil breaks free into the Everton half virtually unmarked and sends a pass across the face of goal for Ramsey who lay in wait. The delivery is perfect, but the Arsenal midfielder can’t get the ball out of his feet – opting instead to play a lovely back-heel ball for Aubameyang who is also present, by the far post. From there, the Gabon international curls it past Pickford! 2-0! ,1

LACAZETTE GIVES THE HOSTS THE LEAD! Ramsey passes it to his left for the Arsenal striker who takes a touch to set himself in the penalty area before dispatching a wonderful curled effort into the top corner. Pickford had no chance with that strike, it was hit with absolute perfection! 1-0 to the hosts!  ,1

There will be an early enforced change, though it is not to Mustafi, but his centre-back partner. Sokratis is removed after being seemingly unable to shake off an earlier knock. Rob Holding is his replacement.  ,0

Sokratis is shown a yellow card for bringing down Walcott with a sliding challenge in order to stop a promising Everton attack. The Toffees once again have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Lucas Digne picks up Everton’s first yellow card of the match after bringing down Aubameyang to stop the Arsenal counter-attack following the away side’s failed free-kick.,2

It’s a yellow card for Lucas Torreira in his first Premier League start for Arsenal – a well-deserved booking for a two-footed slide tackle on Sigurdsson.,2

Conte brings on Esposito for Lukaku, who has had a pretty quiet game by his standards. The sub will also help to run down more valuable seconds.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! INTER 2-1 FIORENTINA!! WHAT A STRIKE!! Milenkovic heads a right-sided cross to the edge of the 'D' and Barella thumps a first-time shot into the bottom-left corner. That is an incredible finish to restore Inter's advantage.,1

Dalbert is cautioned for that foul on Sanchez. It looks as though a member of the Fiorentina coaching staff was also booked.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! INTER 1-1 FIORENTINA!!! CACERES EQUALISES!! Completely against the run of play, Lirola sends a deflected shot inches over the bar. Fiorentina make the corner count as Caceres outjumps Martinez to head home.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! INTER 1-0 FIORENTINA!! CANDREVA GIVES INTER THE LEAD!! A series of one-touch passes culminates in the ball trickling through the Fiorentina defence. Ceccherini slides in but cannot cut it out and Martinez gets a vital touch to knock it past Terracciano. Candreva takes over by firing into an unguarded net.,1

