West Ham have only won one of their last 14 Premier League home games against Arsenal (D4 L9), while they have conceded at least two goals in 11 of these matches (32 in total).

Mikel Arteta is the first Arsenal manager to see his side to home and away wins over West Ham in a Premier League campaign since 2016-17, in what was Arsène Wenger’s penultimate season in charge of the club.

West Ham are winless in their last four Premier League games (D1 L3); their longest run without a victory in the competition since December 2020 (also four). This was only their second home defeat in the Premier League this year (W5 D2), since losing to Leeds in January.

Arsenal are back up to fourth with a 2-1 win over West Ham. They took the lead in the first half when Holding headed in his first-ever Premier goal. West Ham pulled themselves level on the stroke of half-time through Bowen, whose volley deflected in off Gabriel. The Brazilian then restored Arsenal's lead in the second half, with a stooping header that was helped over the line by Fabianski. Arsenal could've had more, with Fabianski pulling off some great saves to deny Nketiah. West Ham couldn't find a way back into it though.

GREAT SAVE! It's a poor backpass from Coufal as he plays it straight into Nketiah's path. He drags it away from Zouma before taking aim from the edge of the D. Fabianski gets down well and manages to tip it wide.

CHANCE! At one end, Fornals' leaping volley is blocked by Gabriel and Arsenal quickly break on the counter through Nketiah. He takes on the shot from the left of the box but flashes it across goal and wide of the far post.

VAR was just checking the goal for a possible foul on Coufal by Holding when the corner was originally put into the box. They've seen nothing wrong with it though and the goal stands!

BLOCK! It's a lovely low cross in from Fornals on the right and Benrahma reacts quicker than Tomiyasu to reach it. He takes it around the right-back but then fires his shot straight at Holding.

It's all square at the break, with West Ham and Arsenal drawing 1-1. There wasn't much between the sides in the opening half an hour or so, but it came to life in the 38th minute. Nketiah finished off a weaving run with a low shot that was tipped wide by Fabianski and Holding headed in his first Premier League goal from the resulting corner. Rice's glancing header was tipped away by Ramsdale at the other end before Bowen's deflected volley found the bottom corner on the stroke of half-time.

GREAT SAVE! At the other end, West Ham have a corner of their own and Fornals whips it in. Rice glances it on at the near post and Ramsdale sees it late but manages to tip it away under the crossbar.

GOOD SAVE! Bowen gifts the ball to Odegaard and he lays it off to Nketiah, who weaves his way past four West Ham defenders. He takes aim from the edge of the box, but Fabianski gets down well to tip it wide.

BLOCK! It's a wonderful pass from Fredericks out to Coufal, who has space down the right. His low cross takes two deflections on its way through to Lanzini, who hits the shot first time, and Holding throws himself in front of it.

CHANCE! Coufal's cross is half-cleared by Martinelli and Fornals chests it away from Xhaka with his first touch. He lets it bounce before firing a half-volley towards goal but it's always rising over the bar.

West Ham have lost more Premier League games against Arsenal (33) than they have versus any other side in the competition.

Arsenal have lost just one of their last 13 Premier League away games against West Ham (W8 D4), going down 1-0 in January 2019. Overall, at no side have Arsenal won more Premier League away games than their 13 victories at the Hammers.

Since completing the league double over Arsenal in the 2006-07 campaign, West Ham have won just two of their last 27 Premier League games against the Gunners (D5 L20).

West Ham are unbeaten in their last six Premier League home games (W4 D2), with the Hammers last having a longer such run between September 2015 and April 2016 (15 games at Upton Park). They’ve also scored in their last 18 home league games, since a 1-0 loss against Everton in May 2021.

Arsenal have won more Premier League games in May than any other side (50), while the Gunners also have the best win rate in May in the competition (59% - 50/85).

Mikel Arteta makes just three changes from the win over Manchester United last Saturday. Tomiyasu is deemed fit to start after his calf injury, with Holding and Martinelli being brought in as well. Soares and Smith Rowe both start on the bench, while Ben White misses out with a tight hamstring.

David Moyes makes five changes to the side that lost to Frankfurt last time out. Fabianski returns in goal, with Coufal, Fredericks, Noble and Benrahma also coming in. Areola, Soucek and Antonio drop to the bench, where Diop is also named after recovering from an ankle injury. Craig Dawson is suspended after his red card against Chelsea last weekend.

Salzburg have lost three consecutive home games in the UEFA Champions League for the first time, while they’ve failed to score in back-to-back home games in the competition for the first time since December 1994 (a run of three).

Internazionale (W3 D1) have gone unbeaten in their opening four games of a UEFA Champions League campaign for the first time since 2009-10 – the last time they lifted the trophy in this competition.

Salzburg have lost five of their last six games in the UEFA Champions League (W1), with a third consecutive defeat tonight equalling their longest losing run in the competition (previously lost three under Jesse Marsch in 2020-21).

Inter break Salzburg hearts in the dying minutes to win 1-0 in a true snatch-and-grab victory over Die Roten Bullen. Lautaro Martinez's penalty five minutes from the end of normal time proved to be the decisive goal, in a match saw both sides go close to adding several more to the final scoreline. Salzburg continued their bright start in the first half and were straight onto the front foot in the second, with Gloukh and Dedic both firing wide from close range either side of a Konate shot being saved by Sommer. Inter had plenty of their own opportunities though, testing Schlager with efforts from Calhanoglu, Asllani and Martinez before a Barella shot struck the hand of Bidstrup. Martinez made no mistake from 12 yards to give Inter a late, late lead, which they'd hold until the final whistle confirmed their place in the knockout stages of this season's Champions League. Salzburg can take positives aplenty from their narrow defeat and are well placed to secure Europa League qualification on matchdays five and six, but for the Nerazzurri, it's now a battle between themselves and Real Sociedad to see who finishes first and second in Group D.

WIDE!!! Barella finds Martinez with a delightfully clipped ball in from the left, but the goalscorer can only strike wide with only Schlager to beat!

PENALTY!!! Inter are given a golden chance to snatch victory here!! Teed up by Thuram just inside the box, Barella's first-time shot hits the outstretched arm of Bidstrup, and after a moment of hesitation, the referee points to the spot and awards the Nerazzurri a penalty!

SAVED!!! Bastoni's cross from the left is inch-perfect for Martinez, whose glancing, goalbound header is tipped onto the bar and away by a fully-stretched Schlager!

CHANCE!! Barella and Martinez link up to cut out a Salzburg attack and launch one of their own. The latter carries the ball forward on the counter and finds Thuram in the box, but he delays shooting, goes down, and is dispossessed by Bidstrup!

SAVED!!! Asllani steps into shooting space from 20 yards and lets fly, sending a dipping effort towards goal which Schlager sees late, parries and re-gathers right on his own goal-line!

CHANCE!!! Thuram does brilliantly to win a corner out of nothing, but misses the chance to put Inter 1-0 up!! Asllani's cross is flicked on by Martinez, but Thuram can't get the contact on the ball to take it goalwards from the back post!

WIDE!!! Another superb flick-on from Simic gives Konate space to run into, but both he and Sucic find their paths blocked from getting a shot away. Dedic does though, and drills a low strike towards the near post which beats Sommer before rattling into the side netting!

SAVED!!! Simic wins a superb header to give Gloukh crossing space on the left. He instead plays in Konate, who runs through to go one-on-one with Sommer, but fires a side-footed shot straight at the Inter 'keeper!

WIDE!!! Forward come Salzburg as Simic carries the ball over halfway and finds Konate ahead of him. He cuts onto his left foot and skips past two defenders to tee up Gloukh, but the midfielder's close-range shot is put high and wide of the target!

SAVED!!! Calhanoglu steps up and curls a powerful shot goalwards from the free-kick. Schlager gets two hands to the ball, but can only parry it half-clear, and Baidoo's there to block Darmian's volley on the rebound. Sanchez crosses back in for Frattesi to head for goal, but his effort is held by the Salzburg goalkeeper!

BLOCKED!!! Konate does brilliantly to beat three Inter defenders and play the ball back to Sucic, whose effort from the edge of the area takes a nick off Mkhitaryan and loops just wide of Sommer's right-hand post!

It's goalless at the break, but that's not for a lack of trying with both sides looking to attack whenever they're on the ball! The hosts have edged the number of high-quality chances in the final third, with Ulmer drawing a save from Sommer, Bidstrup and Konate firing over, while at the other end, Schlager has only been called into by Bisseck's left-footed effort. Inter have arguably spurned two guilt-edge opportunities though, with Bastoni and Frattesi heading wide and shooting over respectively from close range, and although a draw would retain the four-point gap between the sides in Group D, both are clearly only thinking about winning this game.

OVER!!! Inter blow the best chance of the game so far!! A long goal-kick from Sommer is taken down brilliantly by Thuram, whose cross from the byline is straight to Sanchez. He tees Frattesi up to shoot, but the midfielder's first-time effort has too much behind it and he thumps it over the top from close range!

WIDE!!! Inter win a second free-kick from the right in as many minutes and Calhanoglu whips the delivery into the box. Bastoni finds himself unmarked in the middle, but can only nod wide of the near post from right in front!

SAVED!!! Bisseck gets forward again for Inter and cuts inside from a wide Mkhitaryan pass, sending a looping left-footed shot into the gloves of Schlager!

OVER!!! Konate pinches possession from Mkhitaryan and strikes goalwards from just inside the halfway line, but Sommer's not far enough off his own to be troubled as the ball sails well over the top!

SAVED!!! Lovely play down the left between Sucic, Simic and Ulmer sees the latter shoot from a tight angle, and the effort flashes across the face of goal before being parried away by Sommer!

OVER!!! Sucic and Simic are both crowded out from shooting in the box, and the latter plays it out to Bidstrup. He lets fly from 20 yards, but sends the ball flying over the top of the bar!

CHANCE!!! Baidoo dispossesses Augusto and sets off on a barnstorming run down the touchline. A cross is blocked straight back into his path, but the defender's second attempt deflects Simic's way and almost gives him sight of goal before Sommer dives on the ball!

Internazionale have won all three of their meetings with Salzburg in European competition, beating them over two legs in the 1994 UEFA Cup final and 2-1 last time out in the UEFA Champions League.

Salzburg have only lost one of their last seven home matches against Italian sides in European competition (W4 D2) and have already beaten an Italian opponent at home this year (1-0 v Roma in the UEFA Europa League). However, they are winless in their three games against such opposition in the UEFA Champions League (D1 L2).

Salzburg opened the current UEFA Champions League campaign with a 2-0 win over Benfica but have since lost their last two. If they lose here, they’ll equal their longest losing run in the competition, which came back in November 2020 under Jesse Marsch (three games).

Internazionale are unbeaten in their last four away games in the UEFA Champions League (W2 D2) and could go five in a row without an away defeat in the competition for the first time since February 2005 (one game under Alberto Zaccheroni and the last four under Roberto Mancini).

Salzburg have lost their last two home games in the UEFA Champions League (1-2 v Chelsea and 0-2 v Real Sociedad), while they’ve never previously lost three in a row at home in the competition.

Alexis Sanchez’s 19th minute opener got Inter off to the perfect start in the reverse fixture, and his partnership in attack with Marcus Thuram, who also netted in the game prior, will certainly be a handful for the Salzburg defence. Set-piece specialist Hakan Calhanoglu struck the winner from the San Siro penalty spot, and starts between Davide Frattesi and Henrikh Mkhitaryan in the Nerazzurri’s five-man midfield.

19-year-old midfielder Oscar Gloukh has netted twice in the 2023-24 group stages, coming out on the winning side once with the second in Salzburg’s 2-0 win over Benfica. He also struck a second-half equaliser at the San Siro, and in the reverse fixture will certainly be looking to provide a similar impact as he feeds the strike partnership of Roko Simic and Karim Konate.

Manchester City are unbeaten in their last 10 Premier League encounters with Arsenal (W8 D2), since a 1-2 loss in December 2015.

Arsenal are winless in their last 29 Premier League away games against “big six” opponents (D10 L19) since a 2-0 win versus Manchester City in January 2015.

Manchester City have conceded just one goal in their last six Premier League games against Arsenal, keeping a shut out versus four different managers in this run (Arsène Wenger, Unai Emery, Fredrik Ljungberg and Mikel Arteta x2).

Well, this game won't live long in the memory. Man City see off a hard-working Arsenal side thanks to Sterling's first-half strike. City managed to hold Arsenal at arm's length for almost the whole game with the visitors only occasionally threatening to cause the hosts problems. 

Arsenal's Bukayo Saka, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Eddie Nketiah look dejected after the match Pool via

David Luiz almost scores a calamitous own goal! Cancelo beats Tierney twice in succession to flash the ball across the face of Arsenal's goal. Arsenal's centre-back sticks out a foot and it's inches from creeping in at the far post. Mahrez fires high and wide from distance from the corner.

Arsenal get a shot on target straight away as Aubamayang flings in a cross from wide left and Pepe rises high to head straight at Ederson. Pepe's left on the turf in the aftermath and looks to require some treatment.

It's so far, so good for Man City who were largely comfortable in the first half. City grabbed the lead through an opportunistic Sterling strike and haven't looked like relinqushing it since. Arsenal have had their moments but haven't done enough to be a sustained threat to City so far.

Chance for Arsenal! Tierney and Saka overload Walker and put City under pressure at the back. Saka plays a one-two with Aubamayang and aims for the top right corner only for Ederson to make a fantastic fingertip save!

Gabriel's poor pass out puts Arsenal in trouble and City are on it like a shot. The ball finds itself with Foden who goes for goal quickly and Leno rushes out to block. Arsenal eventually manage to smuggle it away.

City are starting to switch it on now. Mahrez dances inside onto his left foot and aims for the near bottom corner, forcing a save from Leno. Mahrez tries again and the result is the same. It ends in a City corner that Leno claims comfortably.

Arsenal look to get back into the game quickly as Saka stings the palms of Ederson with a high shot from a tight angle. Arsenal have a corner from the right. William swings it in and Tierney's shot is blocked by Foden. Willian has another try and Pepe heads wide.

Manchester City are unbeaten in their last nine Premier League meetings with Arsenal (W7 D2), since a 1-2 loss in December 2015. They’ve scored at least twice in all nine of these games.

Arsenal have lost their last six Premier League meetings with Manchester City, shipping three goals in five of those six games. They last had a longer losing run against an opponent in league competition versus Ipswich between 1974-1977 (7).

Arsenal have won just one of their last nine away league games against Man City (D2 L6), winning 2-0 in January 2015. They’ve lost all four at the Etihad against Pep Guardiola.

This is the third of their four Premier League games this season that Manchester City are starting the day in the bottom half of the table – as many as in their previous 375 matches in the competition.

Manchester City have won just four points from their three league games this season, their lowest total at this stage since 2010-11. Meanwhile, only twice in their league history have the Citizens lost both of their opening two home games in a season – 1930-31 and 1953-54.

Guardiola makes four changes to the City side that drew 1-1 with Leeds a fortnight ago. Kevin De Bruyne is out after getting injured on international duty with Belgium but Aguero is back. There are three changes to the Arsenal side that beat Sheffield United last time out. Their new signing Thomas starts on the bench.

Inter clinch a 2-0 victory over Genoa thanks to second half goals from Lukaku and D'Ambrosio. The visitors had to work hard for their win, with the Genoa defence playing well and limiting their chances in front of goal. However, Barella made the difference, creating the opportunity for Lukaku to drift into the box and he powered the ball into the back of the net. They then doubled their lead when Ranocchia flicked on a corner delivery, which D'Ambrosio converted from just a few yards out.

OFFSIDE! Inter have the ball in the back of the net again, but it is ruled out for offside. Lukaku again with the run, he gets in behind the Genoa defence after a lofted ball over the top. The striker then chips it over Perin, but it won't count.

Inter have the ball in the back of the net! Hakimi races down the right wing, gets to the byline and then lays the ball back to Martinez, who slides it into the bottom left-hand corner of the net. However, it is ruled out as the ball had gone out of play before Hakimi played the cross.

It's goalless at the break between Genoa and Inter, with neither keeper yet to have a save to make, despite Inter dominating much of the half. The visitors have kept the ball well and got into good positions in the final third, with Martinez firing over the crossbar, before Vidal and Lukaku had efforts blocked. Meanwhile Genoa look dangerous on the counter, with Inter playing such a high defensive line.

CHANCE! Genoa break forward quickly on the counter-attack and Ghiglione is released in behind the Inter defence by Pandev. It looks like he only has Handanovic to beat, but Inter get players back quickly and crowd him out, forcing the winger wide and he can't get a shot away. Wasted opportunity.

CHANCE! Perisic dribbles into the box, getting to the left-hand touchline and he whips in a dangerous ball towards Lukaku, who throws himself at it, but he just can't get there first ahead of Bani, who follows the striker all the way and eventually clears the danger. Lukaku appeals for a penalty as the two players tussled for the ball, but nothing is given.

BLOCKED! Inter win a corner and the first ball into the box is well cleared, but it comes straight back into the penalty area from the right, falling to Vidal at the far post, who beats his marker and then fires a shot towards goal, but his effort is superbly blocked. That would've tested Perin.

CLOSE! Inter work the ball really well down the left wing, getting into the final third and Martinez drops back to the edge of the penalty area, he receives the ball and tries to curl it into the back of the net from 20 yards out. However, it flies just inches over the crossbar.

Inter have won their last four Serie A meetings against Genoa by an overall score of 16-0: only once in their Serie A history have the Nerazzurri have gained five wins in a row while keeping five clean sheets against a single opponent (against Atalanta between 1951 and 1953).

None of the last 14 Serie A games between Genoa and Inter have ended as a draw, with the Nerazzuri winning nine to Genoa’s five since a 0-0 draw in May 2013.

In 11 of the last 12 Serie A meetings between Genoa and Inter at Ferraris, at least one of the two teams has failed to score: the only exception was the Rossoblù’s 3-2 win in May 2015.

Inter have scored at least 11 goals in their first four Serie A games for the first time since 2013/14. However, the Nerazzurri have conceded eight goals at this stage for the first time since 2011/12.

Genoa have not scored in their last two league games, last going three Serie A games without a goal in March 2019 under Cesare Prandelli.

Meanwhile Inter have made four changes to their side that drew in midweek, with Ranocchia, Bastoni, Brozovic and Martinez all coming into the side, to replace De Vrij, Kolarov, Barella and Alexis Sanchez, the latter being substituted at half-time in that Champions League tie.

Genoa have made three changes to their starting XI, with Masiello, Radovanovic and Shomurodov all dropping down to the bench and they have been replaced by Goldaniga, Behrami and Pjaca.

Mallorca have lost two of their last three games against Levante in LaLiga (D1) after going unbeaten against them in the competition between 2006 and 2012 (W5 D3).

Mallorca lost their first LaLiga game against Levante at home (1-2 in May 2005); however, they are unbeaten in the last five against them in the competition (W4 D1).

Mallorca have only won one of their last seven LaLiga games (D1 L5), a 5-1 victory against RC Celta de Vigo in their last home game. The last time the Balearic team won back to back home league matches was in October 2019.

After five consecutive defeats on the road in LaLiga between January and February, Levante are unbeaten in their last three away games in the competition (W1 D2).

Mallorca have faced 15 penalties in LaLiga this season, more than any other team in a single campaign in the competition since 2003/04.

Arsenal are unbeaten in 24 home matches against Everton in all competitions (W20 D4) since a 2-1 Premier League defeat in January 1996 under Bruce Rioch.

Everton have played more Premier League matches at the Emirates without winning (12 – W0 D4 L8) than any other club.

Arsenal have scored more Premier League goals against Everton than any side has managed against another in the competition’s history (105).

49 different players have scored a Premier League goal for Arsenal against Everton – the only side to have more against an opponent in the competition are Chelsea (52 vs Spurs).

Arsenal have won more Premier League points in the month of September than any other side in the competition (199).

Inter book a place in the semi-finals of the Coppa Italia thanks to a 2-1 win over Fiorentina. Conte's men had the better of the first half and took the lead through Candreva's close-range finish just before the interval. After squandering a number of decent opportunities to double their advantage early in the second half, Inter were pegged back by Caceres' header. It took just seven minutes for Barella to restore their lead, though, with the midfielder firing a long-range volley into the bottom corner to send his side through.

GOAL DISALLOWED! Eriksen plays Martinez clean through and the impressive striker keeps his cool to fire past Terracciano, but his celebrations are cut short by the offside flag.

HANDANOVIC KEEPS INTER LEVEL! Chiesa plays in Vlahovic and the striker has just Handanovic to beat, but the Inter captain stands firm and makes a vital save. Sanchez leads the counter and is taken out by Dalbert.

GOOD SAVE! Martinez is chasing down absolutely everything. He somehow keeps the ball in play but a covering Fiorentina defender takes possession of it. From the next attack, Young floats the ball into the box and Vecino's downward header is scooped off the line by Terracciano.

Inter have been the better side so far and take a 1-0 lead into interval thanks to Candreva's strike right at the end of the half. Martinez knocked the ball into the path of Candreva after Ceccherini failed to cut it out and the wing-back had a simple finish past Terracciano. Vecino had earlier come close for the hosts with his long-range shot, while Sanchez had half a chance fairly early on.

Dalbert is challenged and is in need of some treatment, seemingly to his back. The Fiorentina wing-back is soon back to his feet and able to continue.

Fiorentina played out a goalless draw with Genoa at the weekend and boss Giuseppe Iachini has made five changes from that stalemate. Terracciano is preferred to Dragowski in goal and Vlahovic gets the nod over the benched Cutrone up top. Elsewhere, Ceccherini, Dalbert and captain Badelj return.

Conte has made five changes to Inter's starting line-up from the 1-1 draw with Cagliari on Sunday, three of those coming at the back as Godin, Ranocchia and wing-back Candreva replace Skriniar, Stefan de Vrij and Biraghi. Sanchez is also handed a rare start just off the front two and Vecino comes into midfield, taking over from Sensi and Valero respectively. New signing Eriksen is among the subs.

