Asst: PaulinhoGOAL! SPORTING CP 2-0 TOTTENHAM! The substitute Gomes adds insult to Tottenham's injury, reaching Paulinho's pass to skip past Emerson and inside Romero, and slot past Lloris from the left of the six-yard box.,1
Nuno SantosSporting · Midfielder #11Santos heads off too. Esgaio takes his place on the pitch for Sporting.,0
Marcus EdwardsSporting · Striker #10Sporting make some late changes to wind the clock down. The influential Edwards departs. Gomes is his replacement.,0
Asst: P. GonçalvesGOAL! SPORTING CP 1-0 TOTTENHAM! Sporting have stolen the win at the death! Paulinho meets Pote's corner at the near post to flick it into the far bottom corner with his head.,1
he yellow cards are totting up now. Hojbjerg is the latest offender, cutting across Ugarte after misplacing a pass.,2
Francisco TrincãoSporting · Striker #17Sporting substitution. Trincao goes off. Paulinho goes up front for the hosts.,0
ulusevski heads for the byline and gets tripped by Reis' sliding tackle. Reis is booked.,2
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Tottenham make a substitution too. Son, who's been quiet by his standards, is replaced by Kulusevski.,0
Hidemasa MoritaSporting · Midfielder #5Sporting make the game's first substitution. The booked Morita goes off. Alexandropoulos replaces him in central midfield.,0
orita joins Bentancur in the book for a tactical foul on Son. The Japanese midfielder's shown some bite for Sporting.,2
Bentancur's shown the game's first yellow card for his cynical tackle on Pote.,2
Di Maria picks up a late yellow card as he tracks Traore's run and scythes the substitute down.,2
efore play restarts, Hakimi talks himself into the book after sharing his thoughts too strongly with the referee. PSG do not take losing kindly.,2
Ludovic BlasNantes · Midfielder #10Blas is the last of Nantes' players to make way. Pereira replaces him.,0
Moses SimonNantes · Striker #27Simon gets an early rest too. Coco comes on to shore up Nantes' midfield.,0
Quentin MerlinNantes · Defender #29Merlin, who scored the best of Nantes' three goals, leaves the pitch to roars from the Nantes fans. Traore replaces him at left-back for added time, however long it will be.,0
bappe's shown a yellow card for getting seen off by Corchia and tugging the wing-back down once he's already passed back to Lafont. PSG's self-confidence is unsavoury at times.,2
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27PSG make another substitution. It looks like they're going for it. Gueye goes off. Their Argentine forward Icardi comes on.,0
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14Bernat heads off with a minor injury issue. Mendes takes his place at left-back for PSG.,0
Thilo KehrerPSG · Defender #24Kehrer's game is over too. The PSG right-back really struggled with Simon in the first half. Hakimi takes his place there.,0
NeymarPSG · Striker #10Here come more PSG changes. Neymar trots off the pitch to boos from the home fans. Di Maria comes on.,0
Osman BukariNantes · Defender #26Nantes respond by making a change of their own. Bukari goes off. Corchia is his replacement.,0
Georginio WijnaldumPSG · Midfielder #18PSG make a change. Wijnaldum makes way first. No doubt he'll be disappointed to have given Blas his penalty. Draxler replaces him.,0
Neymar's booked for kicking the ball away in frustration after he unfairly challenges Bukari for a lost cause.,2
Asst: L. MessiGOAL! NANTES 3-1 PSG! Neymar breaks Nantes' resistance straight away! The Brazilian latches onto Messi's threaded pass into the box, cuts onto his right foot and slots past Lafont into the bottom left corner. Game on.,1
Penalty GoalGOAL! NANTES 3-0 PSG! Nantes fans must barely believe what they're seeing! Blas steps up and smashes the penalty straight at Navas. The PSG keeper gets a hand to it but it's too powerful for him to stop from nestling into the net. What a half Nantes have had!,1
Wijnaldum is booked for handling the ball. PSG will be slightly aggrieved to have that decision given against them. The Dutchman was close to the header as it hit him, but his arm was out.,2
NO RED CARD FOR NANTES! On second viewing, Pallois was close enough to Appiah to have potentially bailed his teammate out of trouble. The referee decides Mbappe didn't have an obvious goalscoring opportunity and reduces Appiah's red card to just a yellow one. Nantes breathe a sigh of relief.,2
allois slides in to deprive Mbappe as he runs towards Nantes' box, accidentally catching the PSG forward on the followthrough. Verratti's booked for his reaction to the incident.,2
Castelletto picks up the game's first yellow card for scything down Neymar as the Brazilian gets past him.,2
Asst: O. BukariGOAL! NANTES 2-0 PSG! This is an incredible start by Nantes! Merlin drives through the middle to carry his team forward but can't find the right pass. The hosts regain the ball and Bukari lays off to the wing-back on the edge of the box before he smashes a fantastic drive into the top left corner!,1
Asst: M. SimonGOAL! NANTES 1-0 PSG! Nantes score from a lightning counter-attack down their left. Simon squares the ball into the box and Kolo Muani slots first-time past Navas into the far bottom corner.,1
Di Maria picks up a late yellow card as he tracks Traore's run and scythes the substitute down.,2
efore play restarts, Hakimi talks himself into the book after sharing his thoughts too strongly with the referee. PSG do not take losing kindly.,2
Ludovic BlasNantes · Midfielder #10Blas is the last of Nantes' players to make way. Pereira replaces him.,0
Moses SimonNantes · Striker #27Simon gets an early rest too. Coco comes on to shore up Nantes' midfield.,0
Quentin MerlinNantes · Defender #29Merlin, who scored the best of Nantes' three goals, leaves the pitch to roars from the Nantes fans. Traore replaces him at left-back for added time, however long it will be.,0
bappe's shown a yellow card for getting seen off by Corchia and tugging the wing-back down once he's already passed back to Lafont. PSG's self-confidence is unsavoury at times.,2
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27PSG make another substitution. It looks like they're going for it. Gueye goes off. Their Argentine forward Icardi comes on.,0
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14Bernat heads off with a minor injury issue. Mendes takes his place at left-back for PSG.,0
Thilo KehrerPSG · Defender #24Kehrer's game is over too. The PSG right-back really struggled with Simon in the first half. Hakimi takes his place there.,0
NeymarPSG · Striker #10Here come more PSG changes. Neymar trots off the pitch to boos from the home fans. Di Maria comes on.,0
Osman BukariNantes · Defender #26Nantes respond by making a change of their own. Bukari goes off. Corchia is his replacement.,0
Georginio WijnaldumPSG · Midfielder #18PSG make a change. Wijnaldum makes way first. No doubt he'll be disappointed to have given Blas his penalty. Draxler replaces him.,0
Neymar's booked for kicking the ball away in frustration after he unfairly challenges Bukari for a lost cause.,2
Asst: L. MessiGOAL! NANTES 3-1 PSG! Neymar breaks Nantes' resistance straight away! The Brazilian latches onto Messi's threaded pass into the box, cuts onto his right foot and slots past Lafont into the bottom left corner. Game on.,1
Penalty GoalGOAL! NANTES 3-0 PSG! Nantes fans must barely believe what they're seeing! Blas steps up and smashes the penalty straight at Navas. The PSG keeper gets a hand to it but it's too powerful for him to stop from nestling into the net. What a half Nantes have had!,1
Wijnaldum is booked for handling the ball. PSG will be slightly aggrieved to have that decision given against them. The Dutchman was close to the header as it hit him, but his arm was out.,2
NO RED CARD FOR NANTES! On second viewing, Pallois was close enough to Appiah to have potentially bailed his teammate out of trouble. The referee decides Mbappe didn't have an obvious goalscoring opportunity and reduces Appiah's red card to just a yellow one. Nantes breathe a sigh of relief.,2
allois slides in to deprive Mbappe as he runs towards Nantes' box, accidentally catching the PSG forward on the followthrough. Verratti's booked for his reaction to the incident.,2
Castelletto picks up the game's first yellow card for scything down Neymar as the Brazilian gets past him.,2
Asst: O. BukariGOAL! NANTES 2-0 PSG! This is an incredible start by Nantes! Merlin drives through the middle to carry his team forward but can't find the right pass. The hosts regain the ball and Bukari lays off to the wing-back on the edge of the box before he smashes a fantastic drive into the top left corner!,1
Asst: M. SimonGOAL! NANTES 1-0 PSG! Nantes score from a lightning counter-attack down their left. Simon squares the ball into the box and Kolo Muani slots first-time past Navas into the far bottom corner.,1
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2Having paraded his World Cup winner's medal around Old Trafford before kick-off, Martinez is introduced for the final couple of minutes. Lindelof makes way.,0
Asst: B. FernandesRASHFORD!!! 3-0 UNITED! GAME OVER! The points are in the bag now as Rashford scores yet again. Fernandes beats the offside trap to latch onto Shaw's magnificent diagonal ball, and puts it on a plate for the England forward to tuck into the empty net.,1
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8Another change for the visitors sees Rothwell replace Lerma.,0
Philip BillingBournemouth · Striker #29Bournemouth make two changes. The first sees Moore replace Billing.,0
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10The other sees Dembele enter the action in place of Christie.,0
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9Elanga will look to make an impression as he replaces Martial for the final 21 minutes.,0
Aaron Wan-BissakaMan United · Defender #29Dalot also enters the action with Wan-Bissaka making way.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14United make a triple-change. The first sees Fred replace Eriksen.,0
Adam SmithBournemouth · Defender #15Bournemouth make their first change with Stacey coming on in place of Smith.,0
Asst: A. GarnachoSHAW!!! 2-0 UNITED! The hosts double their lead following a sweeping move that culminates in the defender meeting Garnacho's centre, before sending a first-time effort beyond Travers.,1
Garnacho threatens to gallop away before Smith stops him in his tracks. The Bournemouth defender goes into the book.,2
Donny van de BeekMan United · Midfielder #34Garnacho comes on in place of Van de Beek, who received a brilliant reception from the home fans as he limped towards the tunnel.,0
United are awarded a free-kick on the edge of the box after Billing drags down Casemiro. The Bournemouth midfielder receives the game's first yellow card for his troubles.,2
Asst: C. EriksenCASEMIRO!!! 1-0 UNITED! The hosts take the lead midway through the first half, and what a lovely goal it is! Eriksen whips in a delicious free-kick delivery from the left, and Casemiro escapes his marker to volley into the roof of the net.,1
arvajal is booked for kicking the ball angrily at Yuri during the scuffle at the end. Madrid won't mind this late delay at all as they try and secure their win.,2
Yuri is also booked for Bilbao after pushing players in the confrontations after Muniain's tackle. ,2
Muniain is booked for a late challenge on Modric as the game threatens to boil over late on. ,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Madrid are doing an excellent job of slowing the game down as Benzema trudges off to be replaced by Jovic.,0
Casemiro is booked next after a heavy challenge near the halfway line.,2
amos is booked for his complaints to the referee after Villalibre's challenge on Militao.,2
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde makes way for Kroos in midfield after an energetic, defensive performance in midfield.,0
Dani GarcíaAthletic Club · Midfielder #14Dani Garcia also comes off after giving away the penalty as Villalibre takes his place in midfield.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #20Asensio also makes way for Vinicius as Madrid use a double substitution to refresh their front three.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #27Rodrygo makes way for Vazquez on the right flank for Madrid.,0
enalty GoalRAMOS TUCKS IT AWAY! 1-0 Madrid! Ramos steps up calmly and - despite frantic dancing from Simon - slots the penalty into the bottom-left corner and beyond the correct dive of the goalkeeper!,1
Unai LópezAthletic Club · Midfielder #8Lopez is replaced in midfield by Vesga as Bilbao search for an injection of energy.,0
Iñigo CórdobaAthletic Club · Midfielder #11Cordoba is replaced by De Marcos on the left flank as the hosts make a double substitution to make change the impetus of the match.,0
Raul Garcia is shown a yellow card for a vicious lunge on Marcelo that catches the defender above the knee.,2
Yeray ÁlvarezAthletic Club · Defender #5Yeray is replaced by Nunez at the back after picking up a slight injury.,0
Torres escapes from Baba, and Valjent attempts to help out by grabbing the Barca player around his waist to slow him down. The action gets him swiftly booked.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Torres also makes an appearance, replacing Dembele.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Xavi is hoping to close this one out as Roberto comes on for Alba.,0
Jaume CostaMallorca · Defender #18A like for like substitution at left-back as Costa comes off for Cufre.,0
irst yellow of the second half goes to Busquets, who gets booked for persistently fouling Baba.,2
Antonio SánchezMallorca · Midfielder #10Aguirre also makes a change, with Sanchez coming off for Rodriguez.,0
Franck KessiéBarcelona · Midfielder #19Xavi's first sub of the match, as Pedri comes on for Kessie.,0
This referee is clearly not afraid to use his cards. Kessie gets booked for a pull of the shoulder and a shove on Maffeo, and that's a fifth card in six minutes.,2
Costa now gets booked for arguing with the referee over his foul on Balde.,2
ensions are getting high here! Pique fouls Lee with a two-footed tackle and the referee does not hesitate to pull out the yellow card. The Barcelona players immediately surround him, complaining about the decision. Gavi also starts an argument, as he feels he was fouled moments earlier.,2
sst: A. FatiGOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! Who else but Lewandowski? He receives the ball from Fati, and is up against Valjent on the left. The striker fakes one way, and goes the other, freeing up some space for himself to curl the ball into the bottom corner at the far post.,1
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Meanwhile, Bentancur's picked up a knock. The former Forest loanee Spence comes on for Tottenham.,0
Brennan JohnsonNottm Forest · Midfielder #20Forest substitution. Surridge replaces Johnson, who might have scored on a better day.,0
Johnson joins his team-mates on a yellow card by scything down Richarlison seconds after the Brazilian pulls off a few cute tricks. Spurs are better for having a player of his quality to bring off the bench.,2
Kouyate's booked for a reckless challenge on Kane. Forest are still battling hard, but they must know the jig is up.,2
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Conte decides now's a good time to shut up shop. Kulusevski leaves the pitch. Bissouma comes on for Spurs.,0
Kane's booked for celebrating his goal excessively. It's understandable why he does though. He's now scored 187 Premier League goals, moving himself level with Andy Cole. Only Alan Shearer and Wayne Rooney have scored more than him in the league now.,2
Asst: RicharlisonGOAL! NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-2 TOTTENHAM! Sessegnon fails to set Kane up for a tap in as the pair bear down on goal. Richarlison picks up the pieces and pulls off a peach of a cross with the outside of his right foot. Kane remains in position and stoops to power a header past Henderson!,1
Steve CookNottm Forest · Defender #3Last to go off for Forest is Cook. Their new Nigerian forward Awoniyi comes on.,0
Ryan YatesNottm Forest · Midfielder #22Yates heads off too. The former Crystal Palace man Kouyate slots into Forest's midfield.,0
Lewis O'BrienNottm Forest · Midfielder #14Forest make a few more changes too. The booked O'Brien departs. Freuler comes on.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Son's match is over too. On comes Richarlison for Spurs.,0
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Tottenham make their first change. Sessegnon replaces Perisic at left wing-back.,0
O'Brien tugs on Kane's shirt as Spurs look to break from out of their own box. O'Brien's booked for the offence.,2
Jesse LingardNottm Forest · Striker #11Forest make the game's first substitution as they look to chase the game. The quiet Lingard goes off. Dennis comes on.,0
McKenna's the latest Forest player to land himself in the book after making a poor challenge on Kane.,2
orrall's booked for a tactical foul on Son. Forest are desperate not to concede a crucial second goal.,2
ook's shown a yellow card for handling the ball. He's lucky, as the officials decide not to send him off for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity after a quick VAR check.,2
Asst: D. KulusevskiGOAL! NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-1 TOTTENHAM! Tottenham score with their first real attack! Kulusevski steals the ball for the visitors and spots Kane running to his right. He finds the England captain who slots into the bottom left corner of the net from the edge of the box.,1
Jordan VeretoutRoma · Midfielder #17Veretout comes off for Roma, as Jose Mourinho brings on Cristian Volpato.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Çalhanoğlu's been instrumental to this one-sided scoreline, and Stefano Sensi takes his place on the pitch for the last seven minutes.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95The excellent Bastoni is also substituted, and is replaced by Federico Dimarco.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Goalscorer Džeko comes off having put on a show against his former employers, and Matías Vecino takes his place on the pitch.,0
Zaniolo's frustration sees him yank down Brozovic by the arm, and make it 21 yellow cards in 67 Serie A games with a deserved booking.,2
Forward comes Perisic again as he looks to link up with Alexis, but the substitute is clattered into touch by Mancini, and the Roma captain is given a yellow card.,2
Marash KumbullaRoma · Defender #24Kumbulla's game is over, and on comes Edoardo Bove for Roma.,0
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #19Correa does indeed come off, and in his place comes Alexis Sánchez.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23The yellow-carded Barella is also brought off, and Arturo Vidal enters the fray.,0
Barella's foot is very, very high as he catches Kumbulla late, and the Inter midfielder receives a booking.,2
sst: A. BastoniGOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! IT'S A DELIGHTFUL THIRD!!!! Bastoni is again very far forward from centre-back, and floats a delightful cross into the box. It bypasses everyone, but not before reaching a flying Dumfries at the back post, whose diving header flies straight past Patricio to make it 3-0 to Inter! Game, set, and match?,1
orrea looks to spark an attack but Ibanez is right behind him, and a tangling of legs sees the Roma wing-back punished and given the game's first yellow card.,2
sst: H. ÇalhanoğluGOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! IT'S TWO!!!!! Simply brilliant play from Inter as Bastoni tees up Calhanoglu on the byline. The first goalscorer turns provider, squaring the ball for Dzeko to lash it home on the half-volley! 2-0, and just like that, Inter are in complete control.,1
GOOOOOALLLLL!!!! WHAT A FREAK GOAL TO INTER!!!! After Veretout concedes a corner, Calhanoglu whips it in, catching everyone napping as it flies all the way in at the front post! Patricio is furious with his defenders, but he's just as much to blame as the Nerazzuri take a1-0 lead!,1
Andriy YarmolenkoWest Ham · Midfielder #7West Ham's third and final change sees Snodgrass enter the fray in place of Yarmolenko.,0
OOOAL! Cresswell makes it 2-0 to West Ham! The full-back lines up his free-kick from the right-hand side of the box before curling his effort beyond de Gea's reach and into the top right-hand corner!,1
Wan-Bissaka loses the ball in a dangerous area and Young then brings down Noble just outside the box. The full-back is shown a yellow card.,2
Juan MataMan United · Midfielder #8Manchester United's final switch sees Mata replaced by Gomes.,0
Ryan FredericksWest Ham · Defender #24Fredericks is uanble to contrinue which means he is replaced by Zabaleta in West Ham's second change.,0
Noble is shown a yellow card for a late challenge on Wan-Bissaka near the halfway line, but it will also be checked by the video referee...,2
Nemanja MatićMan United · Midfielder #31Manchester United's second change sees Matic replaced by Fred.,0
Felipe AndersonWest Ham · Midfielder #8West Ham make their first substitution of the match as Wilshere comes on in place of Anderson.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10Rashford is unable to continue and he is subsequently replaced by Lingard in the first substitution of the match.,0
ata receives Manchester United's first booking of the match for tripping up Rice.,2
sst: F. AndersonGOOOAL! Yarmolenko makes it 1-0 to West Ham! Noble squares the ball to Anderson on the edge of the box, and he then flicks it through to Yarmonlenko who takes a touch inside from the right before burying it in the bottom left-hand corner.,1
Ogbonna receives the first booking of the match for a late challenge on Pereira as he surges into some space on the right wing.,2
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Arsenal make another change to wind the clock down. On comes Vieira. Saka makes way.,0
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9Jesus gets a deserved rest after a battling display. Nketiah will replace him up front for Arsenal for the remainder of the time left.,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Arsenal decide now is the right time to make their first change. Their captain Odegaard leaves the pitch to applause. Tierney replaces him.,0
enalty GoalGOAL! ARSENAL 3-2 LIVERPOOL! Saka steps up and slots the penalty kick into the bottom left corner of the net! Alisson dives the right way but can't reach it. It's his second goal of the game, and the Gunners lead again! It's no less than they deserve after putting Liverpool under extended pressure.,1
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Midfielder #11This Liverpool change is more unusual. Salah goes off. He's replaced by Fabinho.,0
Joël MatipLiverpool · Defender #32Here are those Liverpool changes. Konate replaces Matip at centre-back first.,0
sst: D. JotaGOAL! ARSENAL 2-2 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool are level again! Firmino races onto Jota's throughball and runs across Ramsdale to slot into the far bottom corner.,1
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66Liverpool make a half-time change. Alexander-Arnold gets the hook and is replaced by Gomez at right-back. Alexander-Arnold may still be nursing a niggle, but both of Arsenal's first-half goals did come from down his side.,0
sst: G. MartinelliGOAL! ARSENAL 2-1 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool's free-kick doesn't work out, and Saka strikes instead on the counter, poking Martinelli's perfectly placed pass into the net!,1
degaard sticks a leg out to win the ball and catches Jota instead. The Norwegian's shown a yellow card.,2
Luis DíazLiverpool · Midfielder #23Diaz trudges forlornly down the tunnel to have his injury looked at. Firmino comes on for Liverpool.,0
Asst: L. DíazGOAL! ARSENAL 1-1 LIVERPOOL! Nunez equalises for the Reds, prodding Diaz's right-wing cross past Ramsdale. The Uruguayan will be pleased with that finish.,1
Arsenal clear the corner and try to counter. Diaz picks up an early yellow card for halting Martinelli's run.,2
Asst: M. ØdegaardGOAL! ARSENAL 1-0 LIVERPOOL! What a start for the Gunners! Liverpool give the ball away and get punished instantly as Martinelli latches onto Odegaard's cute throughball and slots past Alisson. The goal's checked for a possible offside, but it stands!,1
Konstantinos TsimikasLiverpool · Defender #21A change at left-back for Liverpool, with Robertson replacing Tsimikas.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Klopp continues to withdraw his attacking players as Milner replaces Firmino.,0
Flynn DownesWest Ham · Midfielder #12Nearly 10 minutes after he got ready, Antonio replaces Downes.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8Moyes makes a change of his own, with Fornals replaced by Benrahma with 30 minutes remaining at Anfield.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Klopp adds more steel to his midfield, with Fabinho replacing Thiago.,0
Fábio CarvalhoLiverpool · Midfielder #28Carvalho's night is also over, with Jones returning from injury.,0
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #27That wasteful effort was Nunez's last involvement, with Elliott on in his place.,0
Asst: K. TsimikasGOAAAALLLLL - LIVERPOOL 1-0 WEST HAM - Nunez showcases why Liverpool paid a hefty fee for his services in the summer with a beautiful header. Tsimikas's inch-perfect cross allowed Nunez to attack the ball, and he did just that, heading past Fabianski.,1
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Antonio has led the line with aplomb for West Ham all game long, and Andriy Yarmolenko comes on late.,0
est Ham soak up a good minute of City pressure before finally clearing the danger, and Bowen sets off on the counter before being pulled back by Jesus, who is booked for the cynical foul.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8Fornals comes off for West Ham, and youngster Ben Johnson will see out the game for the Hammers.,0
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10Lanzini is withdrawn for West Ham, and their captain Mark Noble comes on for his final appearance in front of the home fans.,0
abianski takes too long to take the goal kick from the referee's perspective, and is booked for time-wasting.,2
oufal holds back De Bruyne's run on the edge of the West Ham box, and the defender is yellow carded by the referee.,2
Asst: RodriGOOOAAALLL!!! There's the response!!! Zinchenko's deep cross is headed back by Rodri, and Grealish smashes a volley the bounces over Fabianski and into the net! 2-1, and game on already!!,1
Asst: M. AntonioGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! He's got another!!!! Antonio chests down Soucek's header and flicks it over the City defence. Bowen sneaks in between the centre backs and slots the ball beyond Ederson and into the bottom corner!!! 2-0 to West Ham, and Bowen's got a golden touch at the moment!,1
Bowen clips Fernandinho late and is penalised, picking up the game's first yellow card in the process.,2
Asst: P. FornalsGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! West Ham hit the front!!! A beauty of a reverse ball from Fornals on the volley puts Bowen in the clear, and he ghosts past everyone before rounding Ederson and slotting home! 1-0 to West Ham, and the London Stadium lights up!,1
Azpilicueta catches Podence on the foot and goes into the book for his late challenge.,2
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Barkley replaces Jorginho for the closing stages.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Loftus-Cheek is on for Kovacic in the middle of the park.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Striker #19Pedro replaces Mount for a closing five minutes in a Chelsea shirt.,0
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Jordao is on for the visitors to replace Jota.,0
Dendoncker brings down Abraham on the charge and he goes into the book.,2
Christian PulisicChelsea · Striker #22Hudson-Odoi is on for Pulisic in the final third.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18Abraham makes his way on to the field to replace Giroud.,0
Rúben NevesWolves · Midfielder #8Neves makes way for Moutinho in the middle of the park.,0
Matt DohertyWolves · Midfielder #2Podence is on for Doherty down the right.,0
Jonny OttoWolves · Midfielder #19Vinagre replaces Jonny down the left flank for the visitors.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Neto makes way at the break as Traore comes on to the pitch.,0
Asst: M. MountGOALLLLLL!!! GIROUD FINDS THE NET ON THE SLIDE!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!!! The Blues score a second before the break as Giroud displays great desire to scoop his effort around Coady into the net. Pulisic starts the move with a burst forward before Mount takes over. He sends the Frenchman through on goal, and Giroud knocks the ball past the onrushing Patricio. There's still work to do as Coady gets back, but Giroud bustles past him and slides to connect with his left foot to guide the ball home.,1
Giroud sticks out a boot and catches Neves. He goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLL!!!! MOUNT SCORES A STUNNER!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!! The Blues take the lead on the stroke of the interval courtesy of a fine free-kick from Mount. The midfielder bends his effort over the wall from the edge of the box and it curls away from Patricio into the left corner of the net. A super effort from the England man.,1
Jota goes into the book for a late lunge on Azpilicueta, catching the Spaniard on the ankle.,2
gbo kicks out at Brahim Diaz, who is furious with the challenge and has to be told to calm down by captain Marcelo. The referee books Agbo.,2
Madrid are racking up yellows galore now as Marcelo enters the referee's book.,2
José Ángel PozoRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #22Trejo replaces Pozo, who has been lively throughout the game for the home side.,0
Mariano DíazReal Madrid · Striker #7Mariano Diaz has not really made the most of his opportunity today. He is replaced by Vazquez for the closing stages.,0
arvajal enters the referee's book for taking the free-kick too quickly.,2
BebéRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #14Alvaro Garcia is on for Bebe in the home side's latest change. The outgoing player has put in a terrific shift.,0
Mario SuárezRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #15This is a smart change from Perez, replacing booked midfielder Suarez with Medran to help see out the game. ,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Modric, who has not had his finest of matches today, is replaced by Isco with around 15 minutes to go. Madrid win themselves a corner as Moreno gets across to help the ball behind.,0
iaz catches Ba and is shown the fourth yellow card of the game. There has been far more of an edge to the match since the restart.,2
Dani CeballosReal Madrid · Midfielder #24Ceballos is replaced by young midfielder Brahim Diaz as Zidane changes things around slightly.,0
Suarez catches Ceballos from behind, getting nowhere near the ball, and is rightly shown a yellow card. Bale is now back on the field after receiving some treatment.,2
Modric is cautioned for catching Moreno in the face with a stray hand. That did not warrant the reaction it did from the Vallecano midfielder, who made the most of it to say the least.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAALLL!!! RAYO 1-0 MADRID! The division's bottom side take the lead as Embarba makes no mistake from the penalty spot. Courtois gets nowhere near the ball and now Madrid have it all to do against their local rivals.,1
allejo is shown a yellow card to add insult to injury following the awarding of the penalty.,2
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2A curious decision late in the game from Koeman as Dest is withdrawn for Lenglet.,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Felipe enters the action for the hosts to replace Hermoso for the final nine minutes.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Lodi replaces Carrasco down the left flank to shore up the Atletico defence.,0
oke's determination to win the ball results in him catching Fati with a swiping leg. He goes into the book. Barcelona have a free-kick 30 yards from goal.,2
Óscar MinguezaBarcelona · Defender #22Koeman aims to up the ante as Luuk de Jong replaces Mingueza.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Correa replaces Joao Felix in the final third for the home side.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Suarez is withdrawn after notching a goal and an assist against his former club. Another former Barcelona man enters the fray as Griezmann replaces the Uruguayan.,0
Philippe CoutinhoBarcelona · Midfielder #14Fati replaces Coutinho in the final third for the Catalan club. Barca will attempt to be more direct with their approach.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Trippier replaces De Paul at the break for the home side. The Argentine had been cautioned in the first half.,0
Nico GonzálezBarcelona · Midfielder #28Gonzalez is withdrawn at the break for the Catalan club. Sergi Roberto replaces him in the midfield.,0
e Paul brings down Dest with a loose challenge on the left flank and goes into the book.,2
sst: T. LemarGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SUAREZ MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 ATLETICO!!!!!! The home side hit Barca on the break and this time Suarez converts the opening. Lemar is played into space down the left flank by Joao Felix and he lifts a cross over the last defender Pique. Suarez takes a touch before calmly picking his spot, firing low into the bottom-left corner.,1
Asst: L. SuárezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LEMAR FIRES ATLETICO AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! The home side take the lead as the Frenchman thumps a left-footed strike into the top-right corner. A neat interchange between Joao Felix and Suarez allows the latter to release Lemar into the left-inside channel. He holds his composure to blast his effort past Ter Stegen into the net. Busquets and Pique exchange words after the fact about who was picking up the forward.,1
Gavi barges into Lemar on the left flank with a strong challenge. The referee brandishes the yellow card.,2
Rice receives a yellow card after tripping Traore who was breaking away down the middle of the pitch. Wolves will take their time taking this free-kick.,2
Hugo BuenoWolves · Defender #64Fifth and final substitution for Wolves. It comes at left-back, with Toti replacing Bueno.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Striker #8Substitution for West Ham. Moyes adds another striker with Fornals coming off for Scamacca.,0
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Midfielder #11Wolves make their fourth change of the game. Lemina comes on to make his debut with Hee-Chan coming off.,0
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Moutinho cannot continue after being tackled by Aguerd. He is replaced by Traore.,0
The first yellow card of the game goes to Aguerd. Getting there before the West Ham defender, Moutinho pokes it past him before getting tripped. The midfielder is down after the challenge and needs some attention.,2
Matheus CunhaWolves · Striker #12Wolves make their first substitution of the game. It comes in the striking position with Jimenez replacing Cunha.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Midfielder #10Lopetegui has decided to make another chance. On the left wing, Ait-Nouri comes on for Podence who has scored the only goal of the game so far.,0
Tomáš SoučekWest Ham · Midfielder #28Moyes is utilising the substitutes bench and is making his first alteration. Benrahma, who scored against Brentford last time out, replaces Soucek.,0
GOAALLLLLLL! PODENCE SCORES! 1-0! On the break from a corner, Semedo dribbles the ball down the pitch before finding Nunes. Looking for Hee-Chan in the box, his pass is intercepted. However, it goes straight to Podence who lashes a low shot past Fabianski.,1
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Striker #17Another Chelsea change now, with Sterling heading off and on comes Azpilicueta.,0
RED CARD! Koulibaly is shown a second yellow card and he’s sent off! The centre-back deliberately pulls Gelhardt down as the striker skips past him and the referee has no choice but to give him his marching orders and Chelsea are down to 10-men.,3
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19The final change sees Rodrigo depart, as Gelhardt takes his place.,0
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Aaronson makes his way off the pitch and on comes Klich.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Triple Leeds substitution now, as they look to wrap up the three points. Harrison is one of those coming off and Greenwood is his replacement.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount is the latest to depart and on comes Chilwell.,0
Daniel JamesLeeds United · Midfielder #20Another Leeds change now, with James the man coming off and on comes Sinisterra.,0
Asst: RodrigoGOAL! LEEDS HAVE A THIRD! Harrison makes it 3-0! James tries to pick out Rodrigo in the box with a cross from the left, but he can’t control it and instead the ball falls perfectly to Harrison and he pokes the ball into the back of the net from close range. Surely they can’t lose this lead now.,1
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Jorginho is the other to depart, with Ziyech his replacement.,0
Conor GallagherChelsea · Midfielder #23Double Chelsea change coming up now, with Gallagher heading off and on comes Pulisic.,0
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8Here comes the first Leeds substitution, with Roca the man coming off and Forshaw heads on.,0
Asst: J. HarrisonGOAL! LEEDS DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Rodrigo makes it 2-0! Harrison whips a superb free-kick delivery into the penalty area from the left and Rodrigo gets up above James and powers his header into the right corner of the net. Excellent finish by the striker.,1
Sterling is booked as he trips Roca right on the edge of the penalty area, handing Leeds a free-kick in a very good position.,2
OAL! LEEDS TAKE THE LEAD! It’s a howler from Mendy to hand Aaronson his first Leeds goal on a plate. The keeper takes too long on the ball in the six-yard box and he then tries to take Aaronson, who nicks it off his toes and then has a tap-in from close range. Absolutely awful from the keeper, but Leeds won’t care one bit! They lead 1-0.,1
Koulibaly is shown the first yellow card of the game after a blatant shirt pull on Aaronson, after the Leeds midfielder skipped past him and tried to race into the final third.,2
Asst: ÁngelGOALLL! KUBO WINS IT! 2-1. The visitors hit Atletico on the break as Angel spots Kubo's run, before sending the attacker clean through on goal! Kubo speeds 40 yards down the pitch and approaches Oblak, before rolling a composed finish beyond the goalkeeper from eight yards!,1
Lee Kang-inMallorca · Midfielder #19Kang-In is replaced by Sedlar following a bright display in attack.,0
Valjent and Lodi argue over a foul and it results in a yellow card for the Mallorca defender.,2
Lodi is also shown a yellow card for his part in the disagreement.,2
sst: K. LeeGOAL! RUSSO EQUALISES! 1-1. Kang-In sends in a dangerous free-kick and Russo climbs over Hermoso to steer a precise header beyond Oblak and into the bottom corner from 10 yards!,1
Felipe trips Rodriguez and is shown a yellow card. This is a promising position for a free-kick for the visitors.,2
Antonio SánchezMallorca · Midfielder #10Sanchez makes way for Kubo in attack.,0
Abdón PratsMallorca · Striker #9Mallorca make a triple substitution to try and get back into this. Prats makes way for Angel up top in the first change.,0
Íñigo Ruiz de GalarretaMallorca · Midfielder #4Etxeberria also walks off with Battaglia taking his spot in midfield. ,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Two more changes for Atletico. Correa is replaced by Suarez following that assist.,0
Matheus CunhaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Meanwhile, fresh from scoring, Cunha departs with Vrsaljko coming on.,0
Asst: Á. CorreaCUNHA! 1-0. Atletico finally have the opener! Llorente threads a pass through to Correa who skips to the byline. The attacker chips in a dangerous cross and Cunha gets there just before Reina! He hits it into the goalkeeper, but manages to poke the follow-up over the line from his back! It was close, but the goal-line alert came through and a goal is awarded. ,1
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #8Griezmann is replaced by Lemar in the second change, following a quiet display. ,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Two changes for the hosts as they look to find some inspiration. The first sees De Paul make way for Joao Felix.,0
txeberria pulls back Correa near the halfway line and earns himself a yellow card.,2
Stefan SavićAtlético Madrid · Defender #15Savic is replaced by Hermoso in defence following that injury.,0
here's a heated exchange off the ball between Suarez and Alaba, and both players look angry The referee takes notice and Suarez is booked for his part in it.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Madrid were ready to make this change a moment ago, but they held off to try and run the clock down a little more. Vinicius is the next player to go off, with Rodrygo on for him.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11There's another change for Madrid now. The other goal scorer, Asensio, is taken off and replaced by Valverde.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Second change for Madrid now and it's Carvajal that's going off for Nacho.,0
ondogbia is stretching to try and keep hold of the ball and Casemiro ends up tripping over his leg. He's shown a yellow card. ,2
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Final roll of the dice for Atletico now as De Paul makes way for Herrera. ,0
Asst: V. JúniorASENSIO SCORES! Jovic spreads the play out to Vinicius on the right and he just takes it around Llorente before curling it into Asensio. Nobody is picking him up in the box and he slots his shot past Oblak and into the far bottom corner. 2-0 Madrid! ,1
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #8There's a double change for Atletico at the start of the second half. Griezmann is first to make way, with Joao Felix on for him.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21And Carrasco is also taken off, with Lemar on to replace him.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Madrid are making a change as well. Benzema, who is just back from a hamstring injury, isn't coming back out, with Jovic on for him.,0
Mendy tries to hold off Correa but catches the winger in the chin with his elbow. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Felipe tries to nick the ball off Asensio from behind but takes out the forward's legs instead. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: V. JúniorBENZEMA SCORES! And what a goal it is! Hermoso gives the ball away and Madrid take advantage as it's worked out to Vinicius on the right. He clips a good cross into the middle of the box where Benzema is completely unmarked. He gets his leg up to hit the shot on the volley and rifles it past Oblak. 1-0 Madrid! ,1
here's a heated exchange off the ball between Suarez and Alaba, and both players look angry The referee takes notice and Suarez is booked for his part in it.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Madrid were ready to make this change a moment ago, but they held off to try and run the clock down a little more. Vinicius is the next player to go off, with Rodrygo on for him.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11There's another change for Madrid now. The other goal scorer, Asensio, is taken off and replaced by Valverde.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Second change for Madrid now and it's Carvajal that's going off for Nacho.,0
ondogbia is stretching to try and keep hold of the ball and Casemiro ends up tripping over his leg. He's shown a yellow card. ,2
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Final roll of the dice for Atletico now as De Paul makes way for Herrera. ,0
Asst: V. JúniorASENSIO SCORES! Jovic spreads the play out to Vinicius on the right and he just takes it around Llorente before curling it into Asensio. Nobody is picking him up in the box and he slots his shot past Oblak and into the far bottom corner. 2-0 Madrid! ,1
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #8There's a double change for Atletico at the start of the second half. Griezmann is first to make way, with Joao Felix on for him.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21And Carrasco is also taken off, with Lemar on to replace him.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Madrid are making a change as well. Benzema, who is just back from a hamstring injury, isn't coming back out, with Jovic on for him.,0
Mendy tries to hold off Correa but catches the winger in the chin with his elbow. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Felipe tries to nick the ball off Asensio from behind but takes out the forward's legs instead. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: V. JúniorBENZEMA SCORES! And what a goal it is! Hermoso gives the ball away and Madrid take advantage as it's worked out to Vinicius on the right. He clips a good cross into the middle of the box where Benzema is completely unmarked. He gets his leg up to hit the shot on the volley and rifles it past Oblak. 1-0 Madrid! ,1
After his desperate lunging challenge on Hwang, the back-tracking Ricardo is shown a yellow card.,2
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Midfielder #3Ait Nouri is withdrawn after some medical attention, and Marcal comes on to bolster the Wolves defence in his place.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Perhaps the winning goalscorer, Podence takes his leave. After nearly a year out of action, Neto now returns to the fray and receives a rapturous reception from the Wolves faithful.,0
ith the fresh legs of Maddison charging through in a central position 20 yards from goal, Neves chops him down and is given a booking - also conceding a dangerously positioned free-kick.,2
Wilfred NdidiLeicester City · Midfielder #25With time running out, Maddison is given the chance to save the game, replacing Ndidi in an attacking move by the visitors.,0
Patson DakaLeicester City · Striker #29Rodgers rolls the dice, making a couple of changes. First, Daka makes way for Iheanacho up front.,0
As his countryman Tielemans attempts to break clear, Dendoncker clearly hauls him back and is booked as a result.,2
Asst: L. DendonckerWOLVES BACK IN FRONT! Having countered at speed, Wolves work the ball to Podence on the brink of the box, and he drives his shot arrow-like into the bottom left corner - leaving Schmeichel grasping at thin air! Against the run of play, Wolves lead 2-1!,1
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Wolves make an attacking change to their lineup, as midfielder Moutinho makes way for a forward, Hwang, who only recently returned from injury.,0
Asst: M. AlbrightonLEICESTER LEVEL! Within seconds of being booked, Lookman scores! Albrighton latches on to an exceptional pass through the packed Wolves defence by Tielemans, cutting back across the box for his fellow winger to slide the ball home on the line. Wolves 1-1 Leicester!,1
Clearly with intent, Podence thumps the ball at Lookman, who lies in from of him on the ground. After some lively verbal exchanges, he is the latest player to see yellow.,2
Lookman reacts to being hit with the ball by Podence with a shove in the Wolves forward's back. The referee decides that is worthy of a booking.,2
For bringing down Jimenez with a sliding tackle from behind on the greasy Molineux surface, Albrighton is shown a yellow card.,2
oon after the first, Ait-Nouri becomes the second man booked today - for a low sliding challenge on Albrighton.,2
or a crude challenge on Semedo out in the left-back area, Soyuncu is deservedly yellow-carded.,2
sst: R. JiménezWOLVES LEAD! With the ball bouncing about dangerously in the Leicester area, the visitors can't clear their lines. Jimenez finally gets a controlled touch back to Neves, lurking on the edge of the box, and the midfielder plants his strike firmly in the bottom corner of the net. Wolves 1-0 Leicester!,1
Matheus PereiraWest Brom · Midfielder #12Pereira, who was dangerous for the Baggies, is replaced by Phillips.,0
Filip KrovinovićWest Brom · Midfielder #17Another change for Bilic's men. Sawyers is on for Krovinovic.,0
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Rodriguez replaces Barnes for the final 15 minutes. Can he make the difference?,0
Karlan GrantWest Brom · Striker #29Bilic makes his first change. Robinson is on for Grant who came so close to scoring on his debut.,0
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7The visitors make the first change as Brady replaces Gudmunds­son.,0
Coman is sent off!!! The Frenchman receives a red card for a slap on Mavropanos, as he felt aggrieved at a challenge by the Greek defender. The hosts will finish this game with ten men.,3
Sasa KalajdzicVfB Stuttgart · Striker #9Kalajdzic can't continue, and Thommy is on for him.,0
Benjamin PavardBayern · Defender #5Tolisso comes on in the place of Pavard.,0
Tanguy NianzouBayern · Defender #23Kouassi comes off for Sule, in what will be the German defender's last game at the Allianz Arena before his transfer to Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.,0
sst: B. SosaIt's 2-2!!! Sosa floats a cross over from the left, and Kalajdzic outjumps Kouassi at the back post. The striker nods goalwards, and Neuer can't keep it out as Stuttgart level things up.,1
Omar MarmoushVfB Stuttgart · Midfielder #17Mangala comes on for Marmoush at the break.,0
Asst: D. UpamecanoIt's 2-1 to the hosts!!! It's an excellent goal too, as Thomas Muller pokes into the back of the net. The ball was played into him by Upamecano, and a brilliant turn by Thomas Muller creates the space for him to stab into the bottom corner.,1
Karazor is yellow-carded after catching the heels of Thomas Muller in midfield.,2
sst: R. LewandowskiThe hosts are level!!! Gnabry had a sighter a moment ago, and now he has the equaliser. The ball is played out to him on the right by Lewandowski, and he cuts onto his left in the box. He fires at goal, and despite Mavropanos' attempted block on the line, the ball nestles in the back of the net to make it 1-1.,1
Asst: O. MarmoushStuttgart take the lead!!! Tomas is the scorer, after Marmoush picked him out on the edge of the box. The Portuguese forward smashed it first time, sending it flying into the roof of the net past Neuer to make it 1-0.,1
Kouassi is the first player to go in the referee's book, for pulling back Marmoush as the visitors looked to counter.,2
yanco is shown a yellow card after a clumsy challenge on Coady.,2
Mohamed ElyounoussiSouthampton · Midfielder #24Perraud comes on for Elyounoussi and Southampton look to see this game through.,0
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27Maitland-Niles replaces Diallo, who was on a yellow card.,0
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Mara replaces Adams in the Southampton frontline to add more pace for a potential counter-attack.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Simms comes on for Gueye as Everton push for an equaliser.,0
OALLL!! 2-1 SOUTHAMPTON!! WARD-PROWSE AGAIN!! Southampton take the lead as Ward-Prowse scores from a free-kick. He whips the ball over the Everton wall and Pickford does not even move.,1
Séamus ColemanEverton · Midfielder #23Gordon replaces Coleman as Everton try and go for the win in this match.,0
Diallo receives a yellow card after a reckless challenge on Onana.,2
Samuel EdozieSouthampton · Midfielder #23Armstrong comes on for Edozie in attack for Southampton.,0
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Alcaraz replaces Lavia as Southampton's first change of the game.,0
sst: C. AdamsWHAT A GOAL!! 1-1! WARD-PROWSE!! Southampton equalise early in the second half with a great goal from Ward-Prowse! Walker-Peters sends a lofted pass forward towards Adams. The striker nodded the ball down and into the path of his captain. Ward-Prowse takes a touch to evade Godfrey, before firing past Pickford. Game on!,1
sst: D. GrayGOALLL!! 1-0 EVERTON!! ONANA!! Everton break the deadlock just before the break through Onana! Gray sends in a looping cross from the corner and Onana heads the ball into the ground, making it difficult for Bazunu to save.,1
Lavia receives the first booking of the game after bringing Onana down to stop an Everton counter.,2
yanco is shown a yellow card after a clumsy challenge on Coady.,2
Mohamed ElyounoussiSouthampton · Midfielder #24Perraud comes on for Elyounoussi and Southampton look to see this game through.,0
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27Maitland-Niles replaces Diallo, who was on a yellow card.,0
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Mara replaces Adams in the Southampton frontline to add more pace for a potential counter-attack.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Simms comes on for Gueye as Everton push for an equaliser.,0
OALLL!! 2-1 SOUTHAMPTON!! WARD-PROWSE AGAIN!! Southampton take the lead as Ward-Prowse scores from a free-kick. He whips the ball over the Everton wall and Pickford does not even move.,1
Séamus ColemanEverton · Midfielder #23Gordon replaces Coleman as Everton try and go for the win in this match.,0
Diallo receives a yellow card after a reckless challenge on Onana.,2
Samuel EdozieSouthampton · Midfielder #23Armstrong comes on for Edozie in attack for Southampton.,0
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Alcaraz replaces Lavia as Southampton's first change of the game.,0
sst: C. AdamsWHAT A GOAL!! 1-1! WARD-PROWSE!! Southampton equalise early in the second half with a great goal from Ward-Prowse! Walker-Peters sends a lofted pass forward towards Adams. The striker nodded the ball down and into the path of his captain. Ward-Prowse takes a touch to evade Godfrey, before firing past Pickford. Game on!,1
sst: D. GrayGOALLL!! 1-0 EVERTON!! ONANA!! Everton break the deadlock just before the break through Onana! Gray sends in a looping cross from the corner and Onana heads the ball into the ground, making it difficult for Bazunu to save.,1
Lavia receives the first booking of the game after bringing Onana down to stop an Everton counter.,2
Anton MiranchukLokomotiv Moscow · Midfielder #11Miranchuk makes way for Rybchinskiy after a brilliant display capped off with a goal.,0
VitoloAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #20Vitolo makes way for Torreira after suffering that injury.,0
Zhemaletdinov crashes awkwardly into Lodi and earns himself a yellow card.  ,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Correa also makes way with Lemar coming on.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Atletico make a double substitution - the first of which sees Llorente make way for Vitolo.,0
Fedor SmolovLokomotiv Moscow · Striker #9Smolov is replaced by Zhemaletdinov after a difficult day up top.,0
Rajkovic is the latest player to be shown a yellow card as he collides with Correa.,2
rychowiak takes a hack at Llorente's ankle resulting in a yellow card and a dangerous free-kick. ,2
Lodi is shown a yellow card after a high tackle on Zhivoglyadov.,2
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Saul is replaced by Koke after a quiet first half.,0
Cerqueira is shown a yellow card after cynically tripping Llorente near the centre-circle. ,2
Penalty GoalLOKOMOTIV EQUALISE! 1-1! Miranchuk steps up confidently to take the penalty before sending Oblak the wrong way and planting it in the bottom left corner!,1
uarez is shown a yellow card after protesting that penalty call from VAR.,2
sst: H. HerreraATLETICO TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! The hosts back off Herrera, who composes himself near the left-hand touchline before swinging in a devious cross that Gimenez meets at the near post, before flicking it beyond Guilherme!,1
Pedro PorroTottenham · Defender #23Emerson replaces Porro for the closing stages of the game at right-back.,0
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Solomon enters the action for Kulusevski, who has been excellent today.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10Rashfords cuts a frustrated figure as he is replaced by Martial.,0
Mason MountMan United · Midfielder #7Pellistri is on for Mount in the final third.,0
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29Hojbjerg replaces the goalscorer Sarr in the Tottenham midfield for the closing stages.,0
RicharlisonTottenham · Striker #9Perisic shores up the left side of Tottenham's line-up as he replaces Richarlison. Son will push up front.,0
Destiny UdogieTottenham · Defender #38Davies replaces Udogie for the hosts at left-back.,0
Aaron Wan-BissakaMan United · Defender #29Wan-Bissaka makes way for Dalot at right-back, which might due to his booking in the first half.,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Eriksen gets a warm reception from the Spurs fans as he replaces Antony.,0
Udogie holds the ball after bringing down Antony and is booked by the referee.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SARR FIRES SPURS IN FRONT!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Sarr gambles with a late run in the box and is in the right spot to convert Kulusevski's deflected cross. Kulusevski is afforded acres of space down the right flank and he breaks to the byline. He sends a right-footed ball across the face of goal which falls kindly for Sarr, and he makes no mistake hooking his left-footed strike into the net.,1
ernandes appeals the decision by referee Michael Oliver and follows his team-mate into the book.,2
Wan-Bissaka prevents Spurs from taking a quick free-kick and goes into the book.,2
Asst: İ. GündoğanGOAL! Foden fires City back into the lead and makes it 2-1! He finally gets his goal! It comes after De Bruyne brilliantly finds Gundogan with a cross towards the midfielder at the far post. Gundogan brings it down and then plays it back to Foden, who slides it into the back of the net from close range. What an ending to the game!,1
Asst: E. HaalandGOAL! Reus equalises late on for Dortmund, it’s 1-1! They open up City at the back after a couple of quick passes in midfield, with Bellingham skipping past Gundogan and then flicking it to Haaland, who spins and feeds Reus. The Dortmund skipper sprints through on goal and then slides it into the bottom right corner of the net.,1
Mateu MoreyDortmund · Defender #2The other change by the visitors sees Meunier replace Morey at right-back.,0
Mahmoud DahoudDortmund · Midfielder #8Double substitution by Dortmund now, with Dahoud heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Delaney.,0
Ansgar KnauffDortmund · Striker #36Dortmund now with their first change of the game, with Knauff replaced by Reyna.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Striker #20City have made their first substitution of the game, with Silva the man coming off and he has been replaced by Jesus.,0
Bellingham is booked for his challenge on Ederson, even though he clearly got to the ball first and the goal should have been allowed to stand. A really harsh one on the midfielder.,2
Can is booked for his challenge on Rodri in the box, which has led to the City penalty. However, there is a VAR check in place so this may be overturned.,2
Asst: R. MahrezGOAL! Man City take the lead on 19 minutes, it’s 1-0! It comes after a poor mistake from Can in midfield, he dwells on the ball for too long and his pass is cut out, which allows City to counter. De Bruyne plays it out to the left to Foden, who tries to find Mahrez at the far post, but his pass is too long, however, Mahrez keeps it in play and cuts it back to De Bruyne instead, who slides it past Hitz and into the back of the net.,1
GOAL!!! City get another!!! Sterling goes down in the box, but the referee waves away any penalty appeals. Struijk only half-clears it through, as Fernandinho rifles it back in, and Meslier, despite getting a hand to it, can't keep it out of the bottom corner! 4-0, and it's only getting worse for Leeds.,1
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Rodrigo's the next to come off for Leeds, and youngster Sam Greenwood will see out the game.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Opening goalscorer Rodri comes off for City, and Fernandinho replaces him at the base of midfield.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Following that superb assist, Foden is withdrawn for Bernardo Silva to see out the game for City.,0
sst: P. FodenGOAL! City have a third! Cancelo plays it inside to Foden, and Jesus escapes Ayling to receive the ball in space. His first touch sets him to shoot, and the second sees him fire it beyond Meslier to make it 3-0 to City! That might just be the goal that puts Leeds to bed!,1
Cancelo barges Rodrigo onto the floor off the ball, and is yellow carded by the referee.,2
Junior FirpoLeeds United · Defender #3The booked Firpo comes off for Leeds, who bring on more attacking reinforcements in the form of Joe Gelhardt.,0
Nathan AkéMan City · Defender #6Ake comes off injured soon after doubling City's lead, and Oleksandr Zinchenko will replace him.,0
sst: R. DiasGOAL!!! City double their lead!!! Dias rises to head down the corner, and it's poked home at the front post by Ake!! 2-0 up, and City can start to relax a bit here!,1
Stuart DallasLeeds United · Defender #15Dallas is stretchered off, and Daniel James will come on for the injured Leeds man.,0
Grealish scythes down Dallas and concedes a free-kick, warranting a yellow card from the referee.,2
Asst: P. FodenGOOAAALL!!! City take the lead!!! The free-kick is curled across the face of goal by Foden, and Rodri gets across his man to glance a header beyond Meslier and into the bottom corner! 1-0 to the reigning champions, and Leeds' frailty from set-pieces is exploited!,1
irpo pulls back Foden as he looks to turn away from the Leeds left-back, and is booked. That's his TENTH of the season so far!,2
Craig CathcartWatford · Defender #15Watford make a change as well, with Cathcart heading off and he has been replaced by Fletcher.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Late Arsenal change, with Saka coming off and he has been replaced by Martinelli.,0
RED CARD! Kucka was booked in the first half and he is now shown a yellow and given his marching orders! The midfielder lost his cool and dived into a challenge with Tavares, catching the Arsenal man late and the referee had no choice but to award a free-kick and send him off.,3
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Midfielder #10Late Arsenal change now, with Smith Rowe heading off to an excellent ovation from the home fans and Elneny is his replacement.,0
abriel is booked now after a high challenge on Joao Pedro as he catches the Watford man in the face.,2
Emmanuel DennisWatford · Midfielder #25Watford make their second change now, with Dennis the man coming off and he has been replaced by Hernandez.,0
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Midfielder #9Arsenal make their first change now, with Lacazette the man heading off and he has been replaced by Odegaard.,0
Ozan TufanWatford · Midfielder #18Here comes the Watford substitution, with Tufan the man coming off and he has been replaced by Joao Pedro.,0
GOAL! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD! Smith Rowe finally gets the breakthrough goal and fires Arsenal 1-0 ahead! Watford fail to clear the danger on the edge of the penalty area, with White racing forward, but his path is blocked and the ball falls to Smith Rowe, who drills a low shot towards goal. It takes a slight deflection and beats Foster in the Watford goal.,1
Sissoko is the latest player to be booked now, after he pulls the shirt of Saka as the Arsenal winger turns away from him.,2
Aubameyang battles for the ball with Femenia and the Arsenal skipper dives into a challenge and catches the Watford defender late.,2
Another booking now, this time it is shown to Kucka after he dives into the back of Lacazette and gets nowhere near the ball. Poor challenge by the Watford man.,2
Sarr comes over to the left wing and runs at Tomiyasu and skips past the Arsenal right-back, who catches him late. Tomiyasu is booked.,2
Lokonga is the first Arsenal man to be booked after he deliberately brings down Kucka as he looks to break forward and then shoves him to the ground as the pair clash afterwards.,2
he first yellow card of the game is shown to King after a foul on Gabriel as the pair battle for the ball.,2
Mikel OyarzabalReal Sociedad · Striker #10La Real make a late change with Oyarzabal leaving the pitch. Cho is on to replace him in the final few minutes of the game.,0
Alexander BahBenfica · Defender #6Schmidt rolls the dice as he brings on an attacking option hoping to rescue something from this game. Chiquinho comes on to replace Bah.,0
Bernat receives a booking for being overly aggressive with his protests towards the referee.,2
Ander BarrenetxeaReal Sociedad · Striker #7Zakharyan has a chance to prove himself in the second half as he comes on in place of Barrenetxea.,0
Takefusa KuboReal Sociedad · Striker #14La Real make another change as Fernandez comes off the bench in place of Kubo.,0
erino is the latest player to receive a yellow after a late challenge on Neves in the middle of the pitch.,2
ust a matter of seconds after coming off the bench, Elustondo goes into the referee's book for a foul on Gouveia.,2
Hamari TraoréReal Sociedad · Defender #18La Real make their first substitution of the match as Traore is replaced by Elustondo.,0
David NeresBenfica · Midfielder #7Neres' game is over as Schmidt makes his fourth change, bringing on Gouveia in attack.,0
Asst: A. BarrenetxeaGOOOAAALLLL!!! 1-0 REAL SOCIEDAD!! Merino swivels on the ball and sprays a pass out wide to Barrenetxea on the left-hand side. The La Real winger takes on Bah and cuts it back to Mendez who found himself in space in the box, and he powers home leaving Trubin with no chance. The Spanish side open the scoring in Lisbon!,1
David JurásekBenfica · Defender #13Benfica make their third change of the game as Bernat comes on in place of Jurasek and slots in at left-back.,0
João MárioBenfica · Midfielder #20Joao Mario won't be involved in the second half as Kokcu replaces him at half-time.,0
Petar MusaBenfica · Striker #33Cabral enters the fray at the break in place of Musa in attack.,0
City break before Clarke-Salter halts Nmecha in his tracks. His side would have been in trouble if he hadn't intervened and he is rightly booked.,2
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9The highly rated Delap is on for Jesus for the final 15 minutes.,0
riend turns Walker well before being brought down. The Manchester City defender earns a yellow for the challenge.,2
Jonathan LekoBirmingham · Midfielder #14Jutkiewicz will get 20 minutes or so in place of Leko who had some good moments.,0
Ivan ŠunjićBirmingham · Midfielder #34Karanka makes another change as well with Bela on for Sunjic.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Fernandinho is on for Rodri for the final quarter of the game.,0
Scott HoganBirmingham · Striker #9Unsurprisingly, the visitors have also dipped into the subs. Roberts is on for Hogan. ,0
Rúben DiasMan City · Defender #3Stones is also on in place of Dias.,0
João CanceloMan City · Defender #27In the last of three changes for now, Harwood-Bellis gets a chance and comes on for Cancelo.,0
It's been coming and it's Sunjic who becomes the first player to be booked. Foden is bearing down on the defence and the midfielder feels he has no option but to cynically haul the Englishman down.,2
Asst: R. MahrezGOAAAAAALL! IT'S 3-0 CITY! Mahrez breaks forward with pace before finding Foden on the edge of the box. He's surrounded by Birmingham defenders but his first touch is brilliant and his second is even better as he fires a low shot into the bottom corner. 3-0 City!,1
Asst: K. De BruyneGOAL! SILVA DOUBLES CITY'S LEAD! This is a textbook City goal. Mahrez, Foden and De Bruyne pass it around with ease on the right flank before the Algerian plays in De Bruyne who cuts it back for the onrushing Silva to finish from close range. 2-0 City!,1
CITY LEAD 1-0! WHAT A GOAL FROM SILVA! Friend fails to deal with a diagonal ball played towards Mahrez and can only head it into the danger area. And it falls for Silva on the volley who thunders it into the top corner to put City one goal to the good!,1
Yussuf PoulsenRB Leipzig · Striker #9Poulsen has been poor tonight and is replaced by Silva in the final third. Leipzig need something special from the forward.,0
AngeliñoRB Leipzig · Midfielder #3Angelino is replaced by Halstenberg for the closing stages of the game.,0
UNDSTRAM PUTS RANGERS BACK IN FRONT!!!!!!! 3-1 ON THE NIGHT, 3-2 ON AGGREGATE!!!!!! Lundstram is in the right place at the right time to steer a left-footed strike into the net after Kent's dangerous cross causes havoc in the box. The winger raids down the left flank and digs out a delivery that travels awkwardly to the back post. Gvardiol has to clear it off the line with the back of his head, but the ball lands perfectly for Lundstram to fire home. Ibrox is bouncing.,1
Asst: J. TasendeGOALLLLLLL!!!! NKUNKU LEVELS THE TIE!!!!!! 2-1 ON THE NIGHT!!!!! Nkunku brings Leipzig on even terms in the tie with a clinical finish from close range. Angelino lifts a dangerous cross into the box from the left flank and after breaking in behind the Rangers defence, Nkunku steers a strike over McGregor into the back of the net. A fine effort.,1
Dani OlmoRB Leipzig · Midfielder #25Szoboszlai enters the game to replace Olmo, who has lacked a clinical edge this evening.,0
Ryan JackRangers · Midfielder #8Jack is forced off with an injury and is replaced by Balogun.,0
Scott WrightRangers · Midfielder #23Wright is withdrawn after a fine outing for the home side and is replaced by Arfield.,0
The referee receives sarcastic jeers from the home fans after Kampl is booked. The midfielder brought down Wright on a run into the Leipzig half.,2
Joe AriboRangers · Striker #17Sakala replaces Aribo in the final third as the latter is withdrawn with a head injury.,0
Barisic brings down Heinrichs on the edge of the box with a lunge. Leipzig have a free-kick in a very dangerous position.,2
oldson lunges in on Poulsen and brings down the Dane. The referee books the defender for his challenge. Two of the Rangers' back three are now on yellow cards.,2
assey pulls back Olmo before he can get away from him. The referee books the Rangers defender.,2
Asst: S. WrightANOTHER GOAL!!!! KAMARA CURLS A STRIKE HOME!!!! 2-0 RANGERS!!!!! The Scottish side take the lead in the tie courtesy of a finish of pure composure from Kamara. He latches on to a lay-off from Wright on the edge of the Leipzig box and takes on the strike first-time on his left foot. Kamara bends his effort away from Gulacsi into the bottom-left corner to send Ibrox into raptures.,1
sst: R. KentGOALLLLLLLLL!!!!! TAVERNIER FIRES RANGERS LEVEL IN THE TIE!!! 1-0!! Tavernier notches his seventh Europa League goal of the season as he coasts in at the back post to steer home a strike into an empty net. Kamara does well to release Kent down the left flank, and the winger fends off two challenges before supplying a cross into the middle. It deflects off a Leipzig defender and falls into the path of Tavernier to score. Game on.,1
João PedroBrighton · Striker #9Joao Pedro leaves the field to be replaced by Lallana. Lo Celso says something to the departing player on his way off the field - possibly a complaint at how long he was taking to head for the sidelines - and the Brighton man reacts by urging the crowd to make more noise.,0
Asst: P. PorroGOOOAAALL!! NOW THEN! Gil plays the ball to Porro, who swings a cross towards the back post for Davies to get above Dunk and head past Steele. That is a great header - albeit one Brighton should have done better to cut out - and Tottenham are incredibly back in this game as it is now 4-2.,1
unk is cautioned for his follow-through challenge on Kulusevski in the direct build-up to Veliz's goal. He will now miss Brighton's next game, which is at West Ham.,2
Asst: H. SonGOOOAAALLL!!! TOTTENHAM HAVE ONE BACK! Kulusevski refuses to give up and blocks a pass from Dunk. It falls to Son, who finds Veliz alongside him to convert past Steele. That is a first goal in Tottenham colours for Veliz to make it 4-1.,1
enalty GoalGOOOAAAALLL!!!! BRIGHTON 4-0 TOTTENHAM!! This is getting embarrassing for Tottenham now. Joao Pedro this time goes to his right, and Vicario this time goes to his left, which results in the same outcome - a second successfully converted penalty for the hosts.,1
Hojbjerg blasts the ball at Moder's shin, but it is the Brighton player who is showed the yellow card for delaying the restart.,2
Brennan JohnsonTottenham · Midfielder #22Johnson has had his moments today, but it just has not been Tottenham's - or his - day. Veliz is given a run-out at the Amex Stadium in his place.,0
James MilnerBrighton · Midfielder #6Milner has been very good today. The experienced midfielder is replaced by Moder for the final 20 minutes or so.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Ferguson is brought on in place of Welbeck, who has put in a solid shift today without really having anything to show for it from a personal perspective.,0
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29It is a double change for the visitors as Sarr is replaced by Gil.,0
RicharlisonTottenham · Striker #9Richarlison makes way for Tottenham after a disappointing game. Lo Celso comes on, which may mean Son moving centrally.,0
Asst: J. MilnerGOOOOAAALLL!!! WHAT A STRIKE! This is superb from the returning Estupinan. He puts his foot through the ball from a good 25-30 yards out and the ball does all sorts in the air - it swerves, it dips, it goes this way and that - and ultimately ends with Vicario failing to get anything to it. 3-0!,1
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40One 19-year-old is replaced by another as Baleba comes on for Buonanotte.,0
icharlison pushes Joao Pedro in the throat and earns himself a yellow card.,2
Igor JulioBrighton · Defender #3Estupinan, returning from an injury lay-off, is on for Igor in the only half-time substitution.,0
Buonanotte is the first player to be cautioned as he takes too long to retreat when Spurs attempt to take a quick free-kick.,2
enalty GoalGOOOAAAALLL!! BRIGHTON LEAD 2-0! Joao Pedro has been very lively so far today and he has a goal to go with his assist. He sends the penalty into the bottom-left corner, the opposite way to Vicario's dive, and Brighton have some breathing space.,1
Kulusevski is booked for preventing Welbeck from getting on the end of the ball in front of goal.,2
Asst: J. PedroGOOOAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 1-0 TOTTENHAM! Joao Pedro drives into the box, then back out of it, before picking out Hinshelwood. The unmarked youngster takes a touch to settle himself and then absolutely thumps a shot past Vicario to give Brighton the lead.,1
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Holding comes on for Odegaard to shore up the Arsenal backline.,0
Raphaël VaraneMan United · Defender #19Garnacho enters the action for the visitors to replace Varane. United need a moment of magic.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! NKETIAH RESTORES ARSENAL'S LEAD!!!!!!! 3-2!!!!!!!!! Arsenal regain the lead at the death as Nketiah steers home Odegaard's strike at the back post. Zinchenko bursts down the left flank and sends a cutback to Odegaard. The Arsenal skipper scuffs his effort towards the target, but Nketiah is alert at the back post to guide the ball past De Gea. Could that be a game winner for the Gunners?,1
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Trossard makes his Arsenal debut as he replaces Martinelli down the left flank.,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Antony is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Fred.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MARTINEZ LEVELS THE SCORES!!!! 2-2!!!!! Martinez finds the back of the net with a header following a Ramsdale error to find the equaliser for United. Ramsdale flaps at Eriksen's corner and pushes the ball straight to Martinez, who stoops and guides his header from six yards over Saliba on the line. What a game!,1
sst: T. TomiyasuGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SAKA FIRES ARSENAL AHEAD!!!!!!! 2-1!!!!!!!!!! The forward produces a moment of magic with a brilliant left-footed strike from 25 yards. Saka cuts inside with menace from the right flank and bends a perfect effort on his left foot away from De Gea into the bottom-left corner. Utter precision from the England man.,1
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4White makes way at the break for Tomiyasu, having been booked in the first half.,0
Asst: G. XhakaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NKETIAH RESPONDS!!!!!! 1-1!!!!! The Gunners level the scores as Nketiah nods home Xhaka's cross at the back post. Xhaka is played into space down the left flank and he delivers a brilliant cross into the middle. Nketiah gambles and gets goal side of Wan-Bissaka before he guides his header into the net. A super team goal.,1
hite catches Rashford with a late lunge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: B. FernandesWHAT A GOAL!!!! RASHFORD FIRES UNITED AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Rashford continues his outstanding form with a brilliant strike from distance to find the bottom-left corner. Partey loses the ball in the middle of the park and Fernandes releases Rashford into the final third. He coasts past Partey and unleashes a perfect strike from 25 yards that zooms past Ramsdale into the net.,1
Asst: N. KantéBACK OF THE NET! HAVERTZ MAKES IT 3-1 TO CHELSEA THIS ONE IS OVER. Kante does brilliantly to work his way into the area and tee up Havertz, who smashes home into the top-left corner. As fictional Norwich hero Alan Partridge once said 'he's got a foot like a traction engine!' - the Germany attacker absolutely walloped that home.,1
Timo WernerChelsea · Midfielder #11And Lukaku comes on for Werner in Chelsea's last change.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8The excellent Kovacic comes off for Kante as Tuchel looks to tighten up the midfield.,0
Josh SargentNorwich City · Striker #24One last throw of the dice from Smith as Sargent exits the game to be replaced by Rowe.,0
Chalobah goes in the book now, no question about this one as he crudely bundles Roshica to the ground.,2
Penalty GoalLIFELINE TAKEN! PUKKI SCORES! Mendy's attempts to put the Finland striker off don't work as he rolls his effort coolly into the bottom-right corner! Norwich still trail 2-1 but folks...WE HAVE A GAME!,1
Mendy is booked for some time wasting as he tries to put Pukki off his penalty.,2
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Midfielder #28Tuchel has also decided to make a chance as Azpilicueta is replaced by Loftus-Cheek for Chelsea.,0
Christoph ZimmermannNorwich City · Defender #6And Zimmermann's race is run as Rupp enters the fray.,0
Mathias NormannNorwich City · Midfielder #16Dean Smith has made a couple of half-time subs, the first of those seeing Normann replaced by Rashica.,0
Asst: K. HavertzGOOOOOOOOOAL! 2-0 to Chelsea and this time it's Mount! It's far too easy for the visitors again, Werner plays in Havertz in the area and the Germany star lays it to Mount who takes a touch out of his feet and rifles high into the right side of the goal. I think you can stick a fork in this one folks...,1
Asst: M. MountGOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!! WHAT A START FOR CHELSEA! The Blues earn an early corner from the left after a neat passage of play and Chalobah flicks home from Mount's delivery. 1-0 to the visitors!,1
The Spurs players rushed to the stands to celebrate that goal, and Porro's celebration is deemed to be excessive.,2
here's another yellow card here, this time for Van Dijk, who is deemed to be time-wasting.,2
Yves BissoumaTottenham · Midfielder #8And Hojbjerg is also on in place of Bissouma.,0
James MaddisonTottenham · Midfielder #10Spurs are making a double change as they continue to search for a late winner. Maddison is the first to go off, with Veliz on for him.,0
The yellow card is out again, this time for Romero who blocks off Szoboszlai's run when he tries to break on the counter.,2
issouma holds Endo off by putting a hand to the midfielder's face. He can have no complaints with that booking.,2
Robertson just caught Porro with his elbow during an aerial challenge and goes into the referee's book.,2
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29And Skipp is also brought on in place of Sarr.,0
Destiny UdogieTottenham · Defender #38Spurs are making a double change now. Udogie is the first to go off, with Davies replacing him.,0
Alexis Mac AllisterLiverpool · Midfielder #10The final change for Liverpool sees Gravenberch come on in place of Mac Allister.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11And Salah is the last to go off, with Alexander-Arnold on in his place.,0
Joe GomezLiverpool · Defender #2Gomez is also taken off, with Konate on for him.,0
Luis DíazLiverpool · Striker #7Liverpool are making a triple defensive change as Klopp looks to try and see out this draw. Diaz is the first to go off, with Endo on for him.,0
JOTA IS SENT OFF! Liverpool are now down to nine men! Udogie picks the forward's pocket, and Jota lunges in to try and make up for losing possession. He completely misses the ball but clips the player, and just over a minute after picking up his first booking, he gets a second.,3
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7Spurs are making their first change of the game now. The goalscorer, Son, is replaced by Solomon.,0
Udogie is getting away from Jota, who just sticks out a leg to clip him from behind. He's the latest player to pick up a booking.,2
Salah is leading a solo charge upfield, but he gets in a tangle with Udogie, who does well to track back. The defender goes down softly, but then the Egyptian kicks the ball away in frustration which earns him a booking for dissent.,2
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Gakpo still looked uncomfortable as he went off for half-time after picking up an ankle problem. He's replaced by Jota.,0
Asst: V. van DijkGAKPO EQUALISES! Mac Allister pings it out to Szoboszlai on the right, and he curls a lovely cross into the far post. Van Dijk nods it down and it bounces behind Gakpo, but he controls it before hitting it on the half-turn. Vicario does get fingertips to it, but the power takes the shot straight into the back of the net. 1-1!,1
Udogie tries to pull out of a challenge when the ball gets away from him, but in doing so, he catches Gakpo's ankle under his leg. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Mac Allister blocks off Son's run before stretching to dispossess Udogie. He gets nowhere near the ball, stepping on the left-back's foot instead, and he goes into the book.,2
sst: RicharlisonSON SCORES! Liverpool have been all over the place at the back since going a man down, and Spurs punish them for it! Maddison picks out Richarlison's run down the left once more and he unselfishly squares it into the middle for Son. Alisson was drawn to the ball, leaving the Spurs captain to tap it into the empty net. 1-0 Spurs!,1
JONES IS SENT OFF! The referee is called over to the monitor to have another look at the incident himself. It's obvious that Jones wasn't intentionally trying to hurt Bissouma, but he went over the top of the ball and caught him high with studs. The original yellow card decision is overturned, and Liverpool are down to 10!,3
Enzo Le FéeLorient · Midfielder #80Final change for Lorient now as Ponceau comes on in place of Le Fee.,0
DIENG SCORES! And this one will stand! PSG win a corner which is played short to Ruiz, who tries to switch it to the far side. It's cut out and Lorient break quickly on the counter, with Dieng leading it through the middle. He's one-on-one with Donnarumma, who saves it, but it bounces under him and Dieng follows in to head it over the line. 3-1 Lorient!,1
Danilo PereiraPSG · Midfielder #15Pereira needed treatment following that tackle from Dieng, and he's now going off. It's an attacking change for PSG, as Zaire-Emery replaces him.,0
Dieng's frustration after that last miss is clear as he slides in to stop Pereira from breaking forward. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2
erratti catches Abergel with a late challenge. He's protesting his innocence, but it won't stop the referee from showing him a yellow card.,2
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17PSG are also using the opportunity to make a change as Ekitike comes on for Vitinha.,0
Gedeon KaluluLorient · Midfielder #24And Kalulu is slowly helped back to his feet before going off with the medical team. Cathline replaces him.,0
Ibrahima KonéLorient · Striker #9Lorient are making a double change here. Kone is the first to go off, with Dieng on in his place.,0
Bonke InnocentLorient · Midfielder #8Lorient are making their first change now as Kari comes on in place of Innocent.,0
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14PSG are making their second change now as Mendes comes on to replace Bernat.,0
Le Fee slid in on Mbappe, and when the referee didn't see an advantage playing out, he pulled it back. The winger is also booked.,2
arquinhos gets in a tangle with Yongwa and a free-kick goes against him. There wasn't much in it, but his angry reaction towards the linesman means he's talked himself into a booking.,2
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #28PSG are making their first change at the back. Soler is taken off, with Ruiz on in his place.,0
YONGWA SCORES! It's rolled out to Faivre down the right and he dribbles past Verratti and Bernat to take it to the byline before he drills it into the middle. It's just behind Kone, but it doesn't matter as Yongwa is following in and fires it into the empty net first time. 2-1 Lorient!,1
t's a late challenge from Innocent on Soler, and he goes into the referee's book.,2
BAPPE EQUALISES! In the most bizarre of circumstances! The referee was calling for the game to carry on as Mbappe went down, but the referee didn't blow his whistle. Mvogo ushers the Frenchman back up before rolling the ball out in front of him. When the keeper doesn't immediately send it upfield, Mbappe nicks it off him and fires into the net. Lorient are furious that it stands, but the whistle didn't go. 1-1!,1
AKIMI IS SENT OFF! It gets worse for PSG! It's another late challenge from Hakimi as he lunged to try and nick the ball off Yongwa. He didn't get near the ball but did catch the wing-back on the ankle with his studs. The referee goes straight to his pocket for a second yellow card and he's off! PSG are down to 10 men!,3
Asst: R. FaivreLE FEE SCORES! It's great work from Kalulu to lose Bernat on the right before touching it through for Faivre in a better position. He fizzes his low cross into the middle of the box where Le Fee is waiting and he stretches to fire a first-time shot into the roof of the net. 1-0 Lorient!,1
akimi slides in with a very late tackle on Faivre, getting nowhere near the ball. He picks up an early yellow card.,2
Marco ReusDortmund · Midfielder #11Reus, who looks to have taken a knock, is replaced by Witsel.,0
Donyell MalenDortmund · Striker #21Malen, who has looked very bright today, is off for Tigges.,0
OOOALLLLL!!!!! 2-2!!! Ibrox erupts! Bassey does brilliantly to escape the attentions of three Dortmund defenders on the left, and whip in a sumptuous ball into the area. It's sliced up in the air by a Dortmund defender, and falls straight to Tavernier at the far post! He makes no mistake, and volleys home emphatically!,1
Tavernier is cynically hauled back by Schulz as he escapes him on the right flank, and the Dortmund man is rightly carded.,2
Morelos just about holds onto the ball on the left flank, and Bellingham comes sliding in with a committed tackle. The ball rolls behind for a corner as Bellingham protests the decision. He goes into the referee's book for his protestations.,2
Thomas MeunierDortmund · Defender #24Rose has also decided to make a change, as Wolf comes on for Meunier.,0
Borna BarišićRangers · Defender #31Balogun is on for Barisic at the break.,0
GOOOALLLL!!!! 2-1 to Dortmund!! Reus whips in a cross from the right that evades everyone, and Brandt picks up the ball and slides it across the six-yard box. It takes a few deflections, and falls to the feet of Malen, who taps it home from close range!,1
undstram goes in the book after a cynically sliding tackle to break up play.,2
GOOOALLLL!!! 1-1! Malen's shot deflects off a defender and runs straight into the path of Bellingham with just the keeper to beat! He makes no mistake and slots it calmly past McGregor at his near post. Game on!,1
enalty GoalGOALL!!! 1-0 Rangers!! Tavernier skips up to the spot, and slots the penalty straight down the middle of the goal, into the roof of the net! The keeper was nowhere near it as he dived away to his right.,1
Chelsea play it short and Dortmund try to counter. The Blues pick them off and then Bellingham is booked after he clatters into James.,2
Cucurella gets booked as Chilwell is taken down by Wolf just outside the Dortmund box. Chelsea will not rush this.,2
Zakaria sweeps a ball across the Dortmund box that Chelsea keep alive on the far flank. A free-kick goes to the visitors though, and Chilwell gets into a scrap with Wolf, earning a booking.,2
Enzo FernándezChelsea · Midfielder #5Chelsea make another change to bulk up their back-line, with Zakaria on for Fernandez.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8The Blues also introduce Pulisic in place of Kovacic.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Striker #17Sterling now departs in Chelsea's latest change, with Loftus-Cheek on in his place.,0
ernandez now goes into the book for a sliding foul, taking the yellow card in order to break down Dortmund's attack. Chelsea clear the free-kick from Reus afterwards.,2
Sébastien HallerDortmund · Striker #9Dortmund make their next change, with Malen on for Haller. The latter has had something of a quiet game today.,0
João FélixChelsea · Striker #11Now Chelsea make their fist change of the game, and it is Felix who makes way for Gallagher.,0
epa then undoes some of that work by lingering with his goal-kick, and is booked for wasting time.,2
Salih ÖzcanDortmund · Midfielder #6Dortmund make an attacking change now, introducing Bynoe-Gittens for Ozcan.,0
GOAL! CHELSEA 1-0 DORTMUND! Sterling finally breaks the deadlock and draws the Blues level in this tie! He misses Chilwell's square ball in the first time, but keeps his composure to round Reus and smash a second attempt into the roof of the net!,1
The first booking of the game goes to Dortmund now, with Sule shown a yellow for time-wasting.,2
Julian BrandtDortmund · Midfielder #19Dortmund have been forced into an early change here, with Brandt limping off. He looks to have a leg problem and Reyna is straight on in his place.,0
Gauthier HeinAuxerre · Midfielder #7Hein is replaced by Dembele in Auxerre’s third switch of the game.,0
Nuno da CostaAuxerre · Striker #9Niang is given a chance to find the equaliser, replacing Da Costa.,0
Lassine SinayokoAuxerre · Midfielder #17The goal-scorer is taken off with four minutes to go as Sinayoko makes way for Perrin.,0
Fabián RuizPSG · Midfielder #8Ruiz will be unable to continue, which gives Sanches a chance to see out the remainder of the match.,0
Hugo EkitikePSG · Striker #44Confirmation of the enforced change, with Galtier sending Vitinha on for Ekitike.,0
Asst: N. da CostaSINAYOKO HALVES THE DEFICIT! 2-1! Radu’s kick from inside his penalty area is headed on inside the centre-circle by Da Costa, which allows Sinayoko to latch onto the ball behind the last defender. With Ramos and Danilo converging the winger steadies himself and fires a low shot with his left foot that slips under the body of Donnarumma and in!,1
ubal picks up the first yellow card of the match a minute into the second half, with his poorly timed lunge catching the foot of Verratti.,2
sst: L. MessiTWO GOALS IN TWO MINUTES FOR MBAPPE! 2-0! A giveaway in midfield presents the ball to the foot of Messi 20 yards away from Radu’s target, with the Argentina international immediately playing it across the face of the box. Ekitike cleverly steps over the ball as a decoy and without thinking, Mbappe immediately curls a beautiful shot that leaves the goalkeeper with no chance!,1
sst: F. RuizMBAPPE FINDS THE TOP CORNER! 1-0 PSG! Messi plays a quick pass to Ruiz just outside the penalty area before being taken out by a tackle, which gives the midfielder just enough space to squeeze the ball through the defence for Mbappe. The striker slaloms back and forth to change the angle before firing an inch-perfect shot into the roof of the goal!,1
Emmanuel GyasiSpezia · Striker #11Eating up a few seconds of stoppage time, Kovalenko comes on to replace Spezia skipper Gyasi.,0
2-0 TO SPEZIA! Surely sealing the points, Esposito steps up to a free-kick taken from just outside the box, and he finds the top-left corner. It was a curling strike that brushed Maignan's fingertips on the way in, and that puts the home side within touching distance of victory!,1
Fikayo TomoriMilan · Defender #23Tomori is now replaced, as Milan captain Calabria comes on for the closing stages.,0
SPEZIA LEAD! Stadio Picco goes wild, as the hosts go in front against Milan! After Amian crashes a near-post header off the upright, Wisniewski reacts when the ball bounces off Kalulu and fires the ball home from close range! It's 1-0 to the Aquilotti, and that's a huge shot in the arm for their survival hopes!,1
Ante RebićMilan · Striker #12Pioli introduces two more replacements. First, Giroud adds some presence up front; the barely visible Rebic is withdrawn.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Adli also makes an appearance from the bench, with Diaz taken off.,0
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Milan opt for a double substitution, in search of some much-needed inspiration. First, Hernandez is withdrawn for his left-back deputy Ballo-Toure.,0
Mehdi BourabiaSpezia · Midfielder #6Semplici decides to make a change in midfield, as Bourabia is replaced by Zurkowski.,0
Diaz is shown a yellow card after toppling over in the box under challenge from Esposito and then complaining too vociferously that he isn't awarded a penalty.,2
For clearly hauling back Origi in midfield, Amian becomes the first player booked today.,2
Undav is handed a late booking now for attempting to impede a quick restart from Bonham. We'll have four added minutes here.,2
Jacob BrownStoke City · Striker #9Stoke make their final change now, introducing Lowe for Brown.,0
Jeremy SarmientoBrighton · Midfielder #19Another Brighton change now and it is a former FA Cup winner in Welbeck who arrives to replace Sarmiento.,0
Tyrese CampbellStoke City · Striker #10Campbell is also replaced by the Potters, who introduce Celina.,0
Kaoru MitomaBrighton · Midfielder #22That is Mitoma's last action too, as Brighton replace him with Enciso.,0
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40The Seagulls make a second swap too, with Veltman on for Buonanotte.,0
Evan FergusonBrighton · Striker #28Brighton make their first alteration now, as goalscorer Ferguson is replaced by Undav.,0
Dujon SterlingStoke City · Defender #20Stoke now make their second change of the game, with Clucas on for Sterling.,0
aker clips Caicedo on the back of the right ankle and the latter goes down like a sack of potatoes. It's a yellow card for the Stoke man.,2
Josh LaurentStoke City · Midfielder #28Stoke have made a change at the break too, with Smallbone brought on in place of Laurent.,0
Asst: K. MitomaGOAL! STOKE 0-1 BRIGHTON! It's Ferguson who breaks the deadlock in the Midlands, after a quiet start to the game. Dunk rolls a lovely ball down the left after catching the defence out through Mitoma. He simply cuts the ball beyond Bonham inside for a tap-in finish. Textbook stuff, but lovely to watch!,1
The first yellow card of the day is out, and it is for Stoke's Laurent, after another industrial challenge on Caicedo. The Ecuador international is certainly drawing those tackles to him.,2
Undav is handed a late booking now for attempting to impede a quick restart from Bonham. We'll have four added minutes here.,2
Jacob BrownStoke City · Striker #9Stoke make their final change now, introducing Lowe for Brown.,0
Jeremy SarmientoBrighton · Midfielder #19Another Brighton change now and it is a former FA Cup winner in Welbeck who arrives to replace Sarmiento.,0
Tyrese CampbellStoke City · Striker #10Campbell is also replaced by the Potters, who introduce Celina.,0
Kaoru MitomaBrighton · Midfielder #22That is Mitoma's last action too, as Brighton replace him with Enciso.,0
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40The Seagulls make a second swap too, with Veltman on for Buonanotte.,0
Evan FergusonBrighton · Striker #28Brighton make their first alteration now, as goalscorer Ferguson is replaced by Undav.,0
Dujon SterlingStoke City · Defender #20Stoke now make their second change of the game, with Clucas on for Sterling.,0
aker clips Caicedo on the back of the right ankle and the latter goes down like a sack of potatoes. It's a yellow card for the Stoke man.,2
Josh LaurentStoke City · Midfielder #28Stoke have made a change at the break too, with Smallbone brought on in place of Laurent.,0
Asst: K. MitomaGOAL! STOKE 0-1 BRIGHTON! It's Ferguson who breaks the deadlock in the Midlands, after a quiet start to the game. Dunk rolls a lovely ball down the left after catching the defence out through Mitoma. He simply cuts the ball beyond Bonham inside for a tap-in finish. Textbook stuff, but lovely to watch!,1
The first yellow card of the day is out, and it is for Stoke's Laurent, after another industrial challenge on Caicedo. The Ecuador international is certainly drawing those tackles to him.,2
Iddrisu BabaMallorca · Midfielder #12Baba is withdrawn for the closing stages of the game and is replaced by Grenier.,0
sst: MarceloGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA PLANTS A HEADER HOME!!!!!! 3-0 MADRID!!!!! Benzema notches his second of the game with a fine header from Marcelo's cross. Kroos works the ball back to Marcelo from a corner before the Brazilian angles a delivery into the middle. Benzema rises highest in the box, and directs a powerful header away from Rico into the top-right corner. A perfect finish.,1
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Marcelo replaces Mendy down the left flank for the visitors.,0
Takefusa KuboMallorca · Midfielder #17Lee replaces Kubo in the final third for Mallorca. Kubo had a strong start to the game, but faded in the second half.,0
Dani RodríguezMallorca · Midfielder #14Ndiaye comes onto the field to replace Rodriguez in the middle of the park.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! BENZEMA CONVERTS!!!!! 2-0 MADRID!!! The Frenchman holds his nerve from 12 yards as he drills his effort into the bottom-left corner. Madrid now have complete control of the game and are on course to take a 10-point lead at the top of LaLiga.,1
Maffeo goes into the book for dissent in the build-up to the spot-kick.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo has to be carried off the field with an apparent ankle injury. Asensio replaces the Brazilian.,0
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Vazquez is withdrawn at right-back and on a yellow card. Carvajal enters the action to replace him.,0
Raillo lunges into a challenge with Rodrygo and brings down the winger with a poor tackle. He goes into the book and the Madrid man remains down.,2
Antonio SánchezMallorca · Midfielder #10Sevilla replaces Sanchez in the middle of the park for Mallorca.,0
Ángel RodríguezMallorca · Striker #22Prats makes his way on to the field to replace Angel Rodiguez in the final third for the home side.,0
CasemiroReal Madrid · Midfielder #14Camavinga enters the action for Casemiro, who was also walking a fine line.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde, who could well have been sent off earlier, is withdrawn by Ancelotti and is replaced by Modric.,0
Asst: K. BenzemaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VINICIUS FIRES MADRID AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Baba loses possession to Valverde on the edge of his own box before Benzema finds Vinicius to slot home. Valverde robs Baba, who expects to win a free-kick. However, the referee waves play on and Benzema works a simple offload to Vinicius in the left-inside channel, whose places his effort between the legs of Rico into the back of the net.,1
Vazquez pulls back Kubo on the charge down the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Maffeo puts in a strong challenge on Vinicius to halt his charge down the left flank. The Brazilian is furious that he does not get a free-kick and goes into the book for squaring up to Angel Rodriguez.,2
Angel Rodriguez goes into the book for his reaction to Vinicius' aggression towards him. The game has a little bit of an edge here.,2
Valverde wipes out Kubo on the charge in the Madrid half and goes into the book. It was a clumsy challenge from the midfielder.,2
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Final change for Inter now and Eriksen is on in place of Gagliardini.,0
Asst: G. LapadulaCAPRARI SCORES! It's poor defending from Inter as all of the defenders drift out to Lapadula and don't pick up Caprari in the middle. The ball falls to him and he coolly slits the ball past Handanovic who is rushing off his line. 5-2! ,1
Schiattarella picks up the first yellow card of the game for a late tackle on Gagliardini.,2
Asst: A. SánchezINTER HAVE A FIFTH! Martinez has time to set himself to take the shot on the edge of the box, after getting the ball from Sanchez, before curling his effort around Glik and into the far bottom corner of the net. 5-1 Inter! ,1
Bryan DaboBenevento · Midfielder #14Final change for Benevento now and it's Hetemaj coming on for Dabo.,0
Ashley YoungInter · Midfielder #15Young is the other player to make way, with Perisic on to replace him.,0
Stefano SensiInter · Midfielder #12Sensi is also brought off with Brozovic on in his place.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9Inter are making a triple change now and Lukaku is the first to come off with Martinez replacing him.,0
Gabriele MonciniBenevento · Striker #21Another change for Benevento now and Moncini is making way for Lapadula.,0
Arturo VidalInter · Midfielder #22Conte makes his first change now and it's Vidal that's making way for Barella.,0
Christian MaggioBenevento · Defender #11There's a double change for Benevento at the start of the second half. Maggio is first to make way due to an injury and he's replaced by Foulon.,0
Roberto InsigneBenevento · Striker #19Insigne also makes way, with Tuia on in his place.,0
AKIMI SCORES! Young's drills a low cross into the six-yard box from the left and it looks like Caldirola has dealt with it but he's unaware that Hakimi is behind him and he nicks the ball off him and taps in from close range to score his first Inter goal. 4-1 Inter!,1
Federico BarbaBenevento · Defender #93Barba is making his way around the pitch to go down the tunnel and Letizia is on to replace him.,0
CAPRARI SCORES! Benevento have one back and it's another goalkeeping mistake as Handanovic's clearance goes straight to him. He takes a touch before drilling his shot into the bottom-left corner. 3-1!,1
sst: R. GagliardiniLUKAKU SCORES! It's a mistake by Montipo that sets up the chance for Inter as his pass goes straight to Gagliardini. Lukaku isn't being picked up in the middle and he picks out the bottom-left corner for the second time in the game. 3-0 Inter!,1
sst: A. YoungINTER HAVE A SECOND! Gagliardini is hovering on the edge of the box when the ball comes to him from Young and he hits the shot on the half-volley. It catches Montipo out at his near post and nestles in the back of the net. 2-0 Inter!,1
sst: A. HakimiLUKAKU SCORES! It's a brilliant start from the visitors as they go ahead just 28 seconds into the game! Hakimi is given a lot of space on the right and he squares it into Lukaku at the near post where he sidefoots his effort across goal and into the bottom-left corner. 1-0 Inter!,1
MULLER SCORES! And it's another moment to forget for Hradecky this season! It's played back to him by Andrich, and he slips as he turns to pass it to Tah. The loose ball rolls to Muller, who slots his first-time shot into the back of the empty net as the keeper's head drops into his hands. 4-0 Bayern!,1
Dayot UpamecanoBayern · Defender #2And Upamecano is also taken off, with Mazraoui replacing him.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Striker #42Final changes for Bayern now, and Musiala is going off first, with Gravenberch on in his place.,0
Moussa DiabyLeverkusen · Midfielder #19And the final substitution for Leverkusen sees Hlozek come on to replace Diaby.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Both sides are making a change here, starting with Bayern. Choupo-Moting is on in place of Sane.,0
Marcel SabitzerBayern · Midfielder #18And Sabitzer is also taken off, with Goretzka replacing him.,0
Sadio ManéBayern · Midfielder #17Bayern are making a double change of their own, with Mane going off for Gnabry.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiLeverkusen · Midfielder #17And Hudson-Odoi is also making way, with Adli on in his place.,0
Patrik SchickLeverkusen · Striker #14There's another double change for Leverkusen. Schick is the first to go off, with Azmoun on to replace him.,0
Mitchel BakkerLeverkusen · Defender #5There's a double change for Leverkusen at the break. Bakker is the first to go off, with Hincapie on in his place.,0
Jeremie FrimpongLeverkusen · Midfielder #30And Frimpong is also taken off, with Aranguiz on for him.,0
Asst: J. MusialaMANE SCORES! Diaby is caught on the ball inside his own half and Musiala quickly latches onto it. He picks out Mane inside the D and he takes a touch before drilling a low shot past Hradecky and into the near bottom corner. 3-0 Bayern!,1
Asst: T. MüllerMUSIALA SCORES! It's another brilliant throughball by Upamecano that gets Bayern upfield and Musiala brings it down. He plays a one-two with Muller to find a bit of space on the right of the box before he drills a low shot across goal. Hradecky gets a hand to it at his near post, but can't keep it out. 2-0 Bayern!,1
Asst: J. MusialaSANE SCORES! That's just the start that Nagelsmann will have wanted! It's great work from Musiala down the right, and he fizzes a low cross into the near post. Sane takes a touch to set himself before trying to place it into the far bottom corner. A deflection off Kossounou wrongfoots the keeper, and it hits the back of the net. 1-0 Bayern!,1
Marcel HalstenbergRB Leipzig · Defender #23Halstenberg leaves the pitch to a standing ovation from the Leipzig fans. Raum replaces him.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Bayern make another change too. Muller replaces Gnabry.,0
Mohamed SimakanRB Leipzig · Defender #2Simakan also gets the last few minutes off. Klostermann takes his place at right-back for Leipzig.,0
Dani OlmoRB Leipzig · Midfielder #7Leipzig make more changes. Haidara replaces Olmo first.,0
Laimer commits a silly challenge on Sane and lands himself in the book.,2
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Bayern decide to make their first substitution. The booked Musiala goes off. On comes Coman.,0
Emil ForsbergRB Leipzig · Midfielder #10Here's that Leipzig change. Forsberg makes way for Werner.,0
ayern overcommit upfield and Upamecano takes out Szoboszlai once the Hungarian beats him. Leipzig are furious to see the referee show the Frenchman a yellow card instead of a red one.,2
oretzka's booked in the aftermath of the goal for dissent. Bayern think Silva fouled Kimmich. He didn't.,2
Asst: D. SzoboszlaiGOAL! RB LEIPZIG 1-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Halstenberg equalises for Leipzig! Silva outmuscles Kimmich to find a cross from the right of the box. Szoboszlai nods it back across goal for the left-back, who converts the ball past Sommer!,1
Schlager's booked for a feisty tackle on Musiala in Bayern's half.,2
Asst: S. GnabryGOAL! RB LEIPZIG 0-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Bayern go straight forward and score from the goal-kick! Choupo-Moting darts onto Gnabry's far post cross to steer the ball past Blaswich from very close range.,1
Musiala's shown the yellow card for bundling over Simakan down Leipzig's right.,2
Coco goes into the box for a late challenge on Valverde, who looks in a bit of discomfort as play resumes.,2
Jonathan VieraLas Palmas · Midfielder #21Viera departs with Perrone coming onto the pitch for Las Palmas as they look to get back into the game.,0
Javier MuñozLas Palmas · Midfielder #5Munoz leaves the pitch for Las Palmas with Loiodice entering the fray.,0
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #12It's a straight swap in midfield as Kroos replaces Camavinga for Madrid.,0
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Garcia comes on in place of Mendy for Ancelotti's side.,0
Sory KabaLas Palmas · Striker #16Park enters the pitch in place of Kaba as Las Palmas looked to get back into the game.,0
JoseluReal Madrid · Striker #14Shortly after extending Madrid's lead, Joselu is replaced by Vinicius.,0
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Midfielder #21Diaz, who opened the scoring for Madrid late in the first half, is replaced by Ceballos.,0
Asst: RodrygoGOAAAAAAAAAL!!!! 2-0 Madrid!!! Joselu finally gets his goal! Rodrygo uses his pace to burst into the box on the left-hand side before delivering a teasing ball onto the head of Joselu, who guides it past the Las Palmas goalkeeper and into the back of the net.,1
Daley SinkgravenLas Palmas · Defender #18Sinkgraven is taken off at the break with Marc Cardona entering the fray.,0
Omenuke MfuluLas Palmas · Midfielder #22There's a change in midfield at half time as Rodriguez enters the pitch for Las Palmas in place of Mfulu.,0
Asst: L. VázquezGOOAAAAAAAL!!!! 1-0 Madrid!! Ancelotti's side eventually find a breakthrough. Vazquez receives the ball on the right-hand side of the box and fires the ball into the middle. Diaz has plenty of time to set himself and turn, before firing past Valles in the Las Palmas goal.,1
David AlabaReal Madrid · Defender #4Alaba makes way for Vazquez. Nacho has come into the centre of defence to play alongside Rudiger, with Vazquez heading to right back.,0
DIALLO IS OFF! After picking up a booking for preventing a quick Liverpool free-kick earlier, the goalscorer took his shirt off in celebration to show it to the crowd. He doesn't seem to care too much as he's given a second yellow card, and United will see out the last couple of minutes with 10 men!,3
Asst: A. GarnachoDIALLO SCORES! United take the lead in the 121st minute! From a Liverpool corner, Diallo rushes out to close down Elliott and nicks the ball off him. He sets Garnacho on the counter, and he races through the middle before returning it to the substitute. He takes it past Bradley before drilling his low shot past Kelleher and into the far bottom corner. 4-3 United!,1
Diallo trips Van Dijk, and then tries to stop him from taking a quick free-kick. He's booked, much to his frustration.,2
Luis DíazLiverpool · Striker #7Liverpool are making a change in reaction to that goal, and Clark, who was a doubt coming into this game with an ankle problem, comes on. He replaces Diaz.,0
Asst: S. McTominayRASHFORD EQUALISES! United pull level again! Tsimikas takes too long on the ball before gifting it straight to McTominay, who slides it into Rashford's feet. He takes the shot first time and, after missing a big chance at the end of the second half, he buries this one into the bottom corner. 3-3!,1
Kelleher is taking a long time over his goal-kick, and the referee isn't having any of it. The goalkeeper is booked for time-wasting.,2
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2It's another attacking change for United as Mount comes on to make his first appearance since November. He replaces Lindelof.,0
Asst: C. BradleyELLIOTT SCORES! Liverpool are back in front at Old Trafford! It comes from a throw-in on the right, and United are slow to close Elliott down as he sets himself for a shot just outside the box. The effort takes a big deflection off Eriksen when he tries to block it, and that's what catches Onana out and takes it into the far bottom corner. 3-2 Liverpool!,1
Joe GomezLiverpool · Defender #2Liverpool are making their fourth change now, and Gomez is making way for a more recognised left-back in Tsimikas.,0
ANTONY EQUALISES! McTominay cuts out Van Dijk's clearance, and he touches it to Antony, who surges forward with support on either side. He plays it out to Garnacho, who cuts inside but slips as he takes the shot, and it rolls out to Antony. He has three Liverpool defenders around him, but he smartly turns before slotting a low effort into the bottom corner. 2-2!,1
Raphaël VaraneMan United · Defender #19United's final roll of the dice is an attacking one. Varane is taken off, with Diallo given five minutes plus stoppage time to make an impact.,0
Kobbie MainooMan United · Midfielder #37There's another change for United now as Eriksen comes on in place of Mainoo to give the hosts something a little different going forward.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11And there's also an attacking change as Salah, who has scored what is the winning goal as things stand, goes off for Gakpo.,0
Andrew RobertsonLiverpool · Defender #26Liverpool are making a double change now. Robertson is taken off for Bradley, so Gomez will switch out to left-back.,0
Dominik SzoboszlaiLiverpool · Midfielder #8Liverpool are making a change of their own. Szoboszlai, who has provided a real threat for Liverpool, is replaced by Elliott.,0
Aaron Wan-BissakaMan United · Defender #29And Wan-Bissaka also makes his way off, as Maguire comes on for him. That will mean a move out to left-back for Vindelof.,0
Rasmus HøjlundMan United · Striker #11United's double change sees both players who have recently come back from injury going off. Hojlund, who managed just one shot on his return, goes off for Antony.,0
omez and Wan-Bissaka both have their feet high to get a touch on the ball, but the Liverpool man follows through. He clatters into the United left-back, catching him in the head, and he gets a booking.,2
ernandes is furious as he thinks he was fouled by Gomez in the build-up. The left-back got the ball though, and was just too strong for the United captain, who has talked himself into a booking.,2
SALAH SCORES! Liverpool have flipped the game on its head! Gomez is too strong for Fernandes, pushing him off the ball before he curls a cross to the edge of the box. Diaz touches it into Nunez, who curls a shot on goal, and Onana gets a strong hand to it, but he can only push it to Salah. He makes no mistake as he rifles it in off the inside of the near post. After a VAR check, it's given! 2-1 Liverpool!,1
Asst: D. NúñezMAC ALLISTER EQUALISES! What a goal by Liverpool! Quansah sees the space open up and carries it to the edge of the area from the halfway line before squaring it to Nunez. He has his back to goal, so he lays it off to Mac Allister instead, and he fires a powerful shot on goal. It takes a slight nick off Mainoo, and Onana can only get fingertips to it. 1-1!,1
McTominay cuts inside from the right, and as he does, Mac Allister clips his heels from behind. He can have no arguments as he's shown the first booking of the game.,2
MCTOMINAY SCORES! Endo gives away a free-kick on halfway, and United take it quickly with a long ball out to Rashford on the left. He slides it through to Garnacho, who takes on his shot from a tight angle, but Kelleher gets behind it. Unfortunately for the goalkeeper, it loops up into the air, and McTominay is on hand to volley it into the empty net from close range. 1-0 United!,1
Tolgay ArslanUdinese · Midfielder #5Udinese substitution. Arslan heads off. Samardzic comes on just in time to take the corner.,0
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Juve give Bentancur an early rest. Rabiot takes his place in central midfield.,0
WalaceUdinese · Midfielder #11Walace also makes way for Udinese. On comes the Bosnian midfielder Jajalo.,0
Brandon SoppyUdinese · Midfielder #93Udinese substitution. Their young right wing-back Soppy goes off. He's replaced by Success.,0
Asst: M. De SciglioGOAL! JUVENTUS 2-0 UDINESE! McKennie gets his headed goal at the third time of asking. It comes from a familiar route, as De Sciglio reaches the byline and loops the ball up for the American to nod into the net. Udinese had been warned.,1
eegelaar receives a yellow card for an overly firm challenge on Dybala.,2
Gerard DeulofeuUdinese · Striker #10Deulofeu's game is over. Pussetto takes his place on the pitch for Udinese.,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Juve substitution. Morata replaces Kean up front. Kean did good work in creating Juve's only goal so far here.,0
Luca PellegriniJuventus · Defender #17Juve freshen things up at full-back. De Sciglio replaces Pellegrini.,0
Arthur MeloJuventus · Midfielder #5Juve make two changes at half-time to keep themselves fresh. Locatelli replaces Arthur in midfield. Arthur may still be struggling from that challenge in the first half from Soppy which got the Udinese wing-back booked.,0
Dejan KulusevskiJuventus · Midfielder #44Kulusevski also makes way after a quiet first half. Bernardeschi enters the fray for Juve.,0
Soppy arrives late on Arthur and catches the Brazilian. He's booked for it.,2
rthur picks up the game's first yellow card for scything down Deulofeu as he races down the wing.,2
GOAL! JUVENTUS 1-0 UDINESE! Dybala grabs his seventh Serie A goal of the season. After some slick Juve interplay, the Argentine receives a quick pass to feet from his strike partner Kean to dribble into the box and lash the ball into the top left corner of the net.,1
Asst: RodriGOOOALLLLL! 2-0 CITY! Rodri plays in De Bruyne through the middle and the Belgian finishes this FA Cup tie with a powerful left-footed finish into the bottom-right corner from inside the area. Initially, Mina feels he was fouled by Mahrez, which is why Everton surround the referee straight after the goal. Oliver, however, isn't having it and VAR backs up the original decision before confirming De Bruyne was also onside.,1
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Scorer of what could prove to be the winner, Gundogan, is brought off for the more defensive option of Rodri.,0
Mason HolgateEverton · Defender #4Ancelotti has to attack now and he sends on Iwobi for defender Holgate.,0
OOOALLLLL!!!! 1-0 CITY! Laporte finds himself unusually far forward and pokes an effort from inside the area towards goal, which Virginia manages to palm onto his crossbar. The rebound breaks to Gundogan and, with the goalkeeper still on the floor, he produces a diving header into an empty net to open the scoring. Mina did his best to recover as the nearest defender but even he couldn't get close to the German to deny him the opportunity.,1
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7Sterling, who had missed out on the last three starting elevens prior to this fixture, comes off for De Bruyne.,0
Referee Oliver plays advantage before going back and booking Gomes for an earlier foul in midfield.,2
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20City make the first change of the game as Mahrez makes his way on for Silva.,0
For the foul on Richarlison in the middle of the park, Fernandinho becomes the next man in Oliver's book. Whether it was for the cynical nature of the tackle or an accumulation of fouls, Fernandinho can't have too many complaints.,2
llan goes through the back of Gundogan and referee Oliver dishes out the first yellow card of the game. The Brazilian pairing of Richarlison and Allan complain but even their best protestations aren't going to change Oliver's mind.,2
AllanEverton · Midfielder #6An aggressive substitution for Everton as Ancelotti withdraws Allan for Tosun.,0
Robbie BradyBurnley · Midfielder #12Brady is withdrawn due to his knock and is replaced by Benson.,0
Abdoulaye DoucouréEverton · Midfielder #16Sigurdsson replaces Doucoure for the visitors in the middle of the park.,0
Jay RodriguezBurnley · Striker #19Rodriguez is withdrawn for Barnes in the final third for the home side.,0
sst: RicharlisonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CALVERT-LEWIN EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! Everton get their leveller just before the break as Calvert-Lewin converts. Allan wins the ball from Westwood and releases Richarlison. The Brazilian places a low ball across the face of goal and Calvert-Lewin gets inbetween Tarkowski and Mee to score on the slide in the six-yard area. A poacher's finish from the forward.,1
Fabian DelphEverton · Midfielder #8Gomes comes on to replace Delph, which may force a reshuffle in the Everton formation.,0
Asst: A. WestwoodGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BRADY SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0!!! The Clarets take the lead in the early stages of the game as Brady finds the back of the net with a well-placed strike. Westwood wins the ball from Doucoure and feeds his team-mate 25 yards from goal. Brady goes for the strike on his right foot and connects sweetly with his effort to beat Pickford.,1
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Frank makes his final change, bringing Janelt off for Baptiste as the game draws to a close.,0
Ezri KonsaAston Villa · Defender #4Konsa is down on the turf again and it is clear that he cannot continue. His injury forces him off and Smith calls on Hause, who slots in alongside Tuanzebe at centre-half.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Meanwhile, Mbeumo goes off for Brentford, with Frank bringing an extra central midfielder in Jensen on for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Ashley YoungAston Villa · Midfielder #18Smith introduces Watkins to warm applause from the home supporters. The striker replaces Young as Smith makes a positive change in search of a winner.,0
The bookings continue to rack up as Janelt now slides in very late on Young. It is a poor challenge and deserving of a yellow card.,2
Ings' frustration boils over as he is shown a yellow card for clipping the heels of Ajer as the pair raced into the Brentford box to meet the ball. The referee's mind is made up, however.,2
Saman GhoddosBrentford · Midfielder #14Frank responds with a substitution of his own. Ghoddos is the man to be replaced, with new signing Wissa coming off the bench.,0
Carney ChukwuemekaAston Villa · Midfielder #33Smith blinks first and makes a change. Teenager Chukwuemeka comes off after his first Premier League start and is replaced in midfield by Nakamba.,0
ash is the latest recipient of the yellow card following a late sliding challenge on Mbeumo. Cash was always on the wrong side of the ball there.,2
his game has developed a bit of an edge as Norgaard now goes into the book for a rash sliding tackle on El Ghazi.,2
Toney swiftly joins El Ghazi in the book for a clumsy challenge on Chukwuemeka in almost exactly the same part of the pitch.,2
El Ghazi makes no attempt to play the ball and trips Ajer from behind, earning him the first yellow card of the contest.,2
Asst: D. IngsGOAL!!! BUENDIA FIRES VILLA LEVEL!!! Ings cuts in from the left and slides the ball into the feet of Buendia on the edge of the box. The Argentine controls the ball and opens himself up before lashing a ferocious strike into the top-right corner past Raya, who had no chance! It's 1-1 now!,1
Asst: P. JanssonGOAL!!! BRENTFORD TAKE THE LEAD!!! A corner from the left is headed away but Brentford keep it alive through Canos, who drives down the right and puts in a low cross that Jansson flicks on to Toney. The striker finds himself unmarked in the centre of the box and fires an unstoppable effort into the top-right corner! It's 1-0 to Brentford!,1
Roofe is the next player into the book after stepping across Ezzalzouli to trip him.,2
Roca goes into the book after tripping Roofe. Rangers have a free-kick in Betis' half and will waste a few seconds.,2
zzalzouli is dragged to the floor by Tavernier, who goes into the book.,2
Héctor BellerínReal Betis · Defender #2Bellerin also makes his way off after an energetic performance at right-back. Ruibal is on.,0
William CarvalhoReal Betis · Midfielder #14Pellegrini is ready to throw on two substitutes. Carvalho runs off the pitch and is replaced by winger Henrique.,0
GOALLL! ROOFE SCORES OFF THE BENCH! 3-2 RANGERS! The Gers take the lead for the third time and move to the top of Group C. Barisic's corner is headed on by Davies. Goldson collects it on the right side of the box and cuts a pass back to Matondo. He makes a mess on the finish, but Roofe is there to poke it in!,1
Assane DiaoReal Betis · Midfielder #38Diao has been electric on the right, but he is now coming off. Ezzalzouli replaces him on the wing.,0
Borja IglesiasReal Betis · Striker #9Iglesias has been vital for Betis, with the striker getting an assist to his name. He is replaced up front by Willian Jose, who will also bring a physical presence.,0
Ross McCauslandRangers · Striker #45Matondo started the last match and is now coming on to replace McCausland, who took his place in the team.,0
Cyriel DessersRangers · Striker #9Clement has seen enough and has decided to make two more changes. Dessers was brilliant before the break and notched a goal and an assist, but is now coming off. Roofe takes his place up front. A slightly surprising decision with Rangers needing a goal.,0
undstram pushes Isco in the back and gives away a free-kick. He is then shown a yellow card for dissent.,2
Isco drags Lammers to the floor on the edge of the box and is shown a yellow card. It was very close to being inside the box.,2
Jose CifuentesRangers · Midfielder #15Rangers are making a change before the restart. Cifuentes got the assist for their second goal but is now coming off. Sterling takes his place for the second half.,0
Asst: IscoGOALLL! PEREZ SCORES! 2-2! Betis are level for the second time. Iglesias makes the most of a loose touch from Davies and makes a short pass to Isco, who rushes forward. He approaches the edge of the box and looks to shoot but instead slides a pass down the left to Perez. He wraps his right foot around the ball and curls his strike into the corner.,1
sst: J. CifuentesGOALLL! RANGERS ARE AHEAD AGAIN! 2-1! What a half! Dessers uses his tricky feet on the left of the box and rolls past Roca, who is left in a heap. The striker then makes no mistake with the finish to send Rangers back to the top of Group C.,1
sst: B. IglesiasGOALLLL! MIRANDA SCORES! 1-1! Betis are back at the top of Group C. Iglesias holds off a defender on the edge of the box and flicks a smart pass down the left to Miranda, who rushes away from his marker. He is one-on-one with Butland and drives his strike into the net.,1
Asst: C. DessersGOALLL! SIMA SCORES! 1-0 RANGERS! Rangers are at the top of Group C as things stand! McCausland rushes inside from the right and gets to the edge of the box. He flicks a pass into Dessers, who plays the ball into Sima. The winger takes a quick first-time shot and sends his effort across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1
Penalty GoalGOOOAAAALLLL!!!! La Viola are heading for Europe!!! Gonzalez steps up to send Pinsoglio the wrong way, slot the penalty into the bottom-left corner, and put Fiorentina 2-0 up!! Seventh place is surely theirs now!,1
Krzysztof PiątekFiorentina · Striker #19Piatek comes off with his head strapping barely in place, and is replaced up front by Arthur Cabral.,0
Alfred DuncanFiorentina · Midfielder #32Duncan's goal separates the two sides going into the last five minutes, but he comes off now for Lucas Torreira.,0
ybala is crowded out and dispossessed as he looks to create a shooting opportunity, and Fiorentina fly forward on the counter. Ikone taps the ball past De Ligt, but is floored by the Juve defender, who the referee promptly books.,2
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #47Miretti also comes off for the Old Lady, replaced by US international Weston McKennie.,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18The home crowd whistles as Kean comes off, but that's because former Fiorentina striker Dusan Vlahovic is the man to replace him!,0
Amrabat slides in wildly, and late, on Ake as the two go for a bouncing ball, and the yellow card is out immediately for the Fiorentina midfielder.,2
Riccardo SaponaraFiorentina · Striker #8Saponara's been exceptional for Fiorentina in this game, but comes off now for Jonathan Ikone.,0
Lorenzo VenutiFiorentina · Defender #23The booked Venuti is withdrawn for La Viola, and Alvaro Odriozola replaces him.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #20Bernardeschi comes off in Juve's latest change, and Marley Ake, who impressed in his cameo against Lazio, will replace him.,0
The battle between Rabiot and Venuti has been threatening to boil over for a while, and finally did there, with the Juve midfielder also booked for his involvement.,2
Bonaventura is felled in the box by Rabiot, and it looks a stone-wall penalty. Venuti isn't happy with the referee's decision to give a goal kick, and another fracas breaks out, with the referee booking the Fiorentina right-back.,2
Giorgio ChielliniJuventus · Defender #3Juve make some half-time changes, with Chiellini coming off for the final time to be replaced by Daniele Rugani.,0
Mattia PerinJuventus · Goalkeeper #36In goal, Juve also make a change, withdrawing Perin for Carlo Pinsoglio to come on for the second half.,0
Asst: G. BonaventuraGOOOAAAALLLL!!! La Viola hit the front!!! Bonaventura goes down in the box, but does extremely well to retain possession from a crowd of Juve players, spinning a pass out to Duncan who smashes it home!!! 1-0 to the hosts, and they sure do deserve that lead!,1
Kean is booked for his involvement in the fracas, as he was the one to initially push the Viola defender.,2
Julio did kick Kean late as the ball went out for a throw, and he's booked as a result by the referee.,2
sst: M. SalahGOAAAAAAL! 7-0 TO LIVERPOOL AS FIRMINO JOINS THE ACT! If the Brazilian is to leave Anfield at the end of the season, that's the way to mark his final Premier League appearance against United! Salah is involved as Liverpool attack down the right, and the Egyptian cuts inside to slip a fine ball in behind. Firmino initially looks to have taken the ball too far wide, but he swivels to tuck a finish past Dalot on the goal line!,1
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Jones is introduced in Liverpool's final change of the game. Elliott is off after playing his part in the sixth goal.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10Elanga is on for Rashford, who has been anonymous since half-time.,0
Salah is booked for removing his shirt to celebrate that goal. That's two goals apiece for him, Gakpo and Nunez in an extraordinary game!,2
Asst: R. FirminoGOAAAAL! 6-0 TO LIVERPOOL, AND SALAH IS THEIR ALL-TIME LEADING PREMIER LEAGUE SCORER! This is absolutely calamitous from United, but it's the stuff of dreams for Liverpool! Elliott has so much space on the right to find Firmino, who is challenged by Shaw. The United man sees his clearance bounce back off Firmino, and Salah slams into an empty net for his 129th Premier League goal for Liverpool!,1
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Milner is the final introduction for Liverpool, with Fabinho making way.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Gakpo is also taken off before he can get a treble. Firmino gets a hero's reception as he enters the action, after a week in which it was reported he will leave at the end of the season.,0
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #27Jota comes on for Nunez, who is denied the chance of a hat-trick against United.,0
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14With the game won, Klopp makes a quadruple change. Bajcetic replaces Henderson.,0
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18Sabitzer is on for Casemiro in United's midfield. The former Real Madrid enforcer has really struggled here.,0
Lisandro MartínezMan United · Defender #6Malacia is also on, with Martinez exiting the action and Shaw tucking inside.,0
Asst: J. HendersonGOAAAAL! IT'S FIVE AS NUNEZ HEADS HOME! Liverpool win a free-kick on the right, with Alexander-Arnold's delivery being cleared as far as Henderson. The Liverpool skipper stands up a neat cross, and Nunez finds the top-right corner with a deft header! This is getting embarrassing for United!,1
GOAAAAAL! 4-0 TO LIVERPOOL! What a finish from Salah! Liverpool launch another rapid break from a United corner, and Salah caps it with a crashing finish in off the crossbar! Nunez's prodded pass deflects towards Salah, and the Liverpool man spins before firing a right-footed volley off the woodwork and in!,1
McTominay is the next man booked, having crashed into Gakpo with his studs showing. The Liverpool players did not like that challenge, and you can see why.,2
artinez sends Gakpo down with a terrible tackle. The World Cup winner is cautioned, and Liverpool have a free-kick 25 yards from goal...,2
FredMan United · Midfielder #17McTominay, meanwhile, is on for Fred in midfield.,0
Wout WeghorstMan United · Midfielder #27Ten Hag has seen enough and decides to shake up the United attack. Garnacho replaces Weghorst.,0
Antony goes into Andy Madley's book for a foul on Robertson. United need to keep cool heads.,2
Asst: M. SalahGOAAAAAL! LIVERPOOL ARE RUNNING RIOT! IT'S 3-0! United have absolutely capitulated at Anfield as Gakpo gets his second of the game! A lightning counter-attack sees Gakpo send Salah clear on the right. The wideman beats Martinez with ease before rolling a pass into Gakpo's path, and he produces a beautiful dinked finish over the head of De Gea!,1
Asst: H. ElliottGOAAAAAAL! LIVERPOOL LEAD 2-0 AS NUNEZ STRIKES! What a start to the second half for the hosts as Nunez doubles their lead! Shaw and Casemiro both concede possession cheaply, leading to a scramble in the box. Shaw is unable to clear his lines, allowing Elliott to cross for Nunez to head in from close range!,1
Asst: A. RobertsonGOAAAAAAAL! GAKPO STRIKES AT THE OTHER END! 1-0! Less than a minute after United had the ball in the net at one end, Liverpool strike at the other! Robertson slides Gakpo in behind, and the Netherlands international cuts inside Varane to bend a brilliant finish into the bottom-right corner, great goal!,1
abinho becomes the first player booked – much to Anfield's annoyance – for a trip on Rashford on United's left flank. He's going to be walking a tightrope for the rest of this match.,2
Jack ColbackNottm Forest · Defender #8Silva comes in for Colback as we enter injury time.,0
Asst: K. TsimikasLIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Tsimikas wraps a right-footed cross to the far post looking for the run of Jota, who does just enough to remain onside before lunging at the delivery and steering it past Horvath with a toe!,1
Philip ZinckernagelNottm Forest · Midfielder #11Zinckernagel's missed opportunity is the last chance he'll get as Mighten is brought on in midfield.,0
Keinan DavisNottm Forest · Striker #9Surridge replaces Davis in attack with 13 minutes left in regulation.,0
Joe LolleyNottm Forest · Midfielder #23Nottingham Forest reply with a change of their own, with Cooper sending Cafu on for Lolley.,0
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Henderson is in for Keita as Liverpool continue to change things around in midfield.,0
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Fabinho also makes way as the visitors make four alterations in one go. Thiago is sent on in his place.,0
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Striker #67Minamino's two goals won Liverpool their last FA Cup match against Norwich and he'll get a chance to settle the quarter-finals as well as he's brought on for Elliott.,0
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Midfielder #15Oxlade-Chamberlain doesn't look too pleased as he's brought off by Klopp, with Diaz his replacement.,0
Gomez receives the first yellow card of the match for pushing over Johnson on the left wing - giving Forest a free-kick in a dangerous location.,2
Asst: J. MoncayolaWHAT A GOALLL!!! 1-1 OSASUNA!!! IBANEZ!!! Ibanez scores a volley from the edge of the box to all but secure Osasuna a spot in the final! He side-foots the ball into the bottom right corner, leaving the goalkeeper with no chance. Wow!,1
Oihan SancetAthletic Club · Midfielder #8Malcom replaces Sancet for the final few minutes of this game as Athletic search for a winner.,0
Aimar OrozOsasuna · Midfielder #22Ibanez comes on for Oroz to give Osasuna more defensive security.,0
Iker MuniainAthletic Club · Midfielder #10Muniain makes way for Zarraga as the hosts freshen up the attack.,0
Nico WilliamsAthletic Club · Midfielder #11Berenguer replaces Nico Williams on the left wing for Athletic.,0
ancet is shown a yellow card for a tactical foul that stops an Osasuna counter-attack.,2
Kike GarcíaOsasuna · Striker #18Avila comes on for Kike Garcia to lead the Osasuna attack.,0
Yeray ÁlvarezAthletic Club · Defender #5Vivian replaces Alvarez in the Athletic defence heading into extra time.,0
Moi GómezOsasuna · Midfielder #16Gomez walks off the pitch to run down the clock while Sanchez comes on for Osasuna.,0
Gorka GuruzetaAthletic Club · Striker #12Athletic make their first change of the game as 36-year-old Raul Garcia replaces Guruzeta.,0
Barja goes into the referee's book after pulling the shirt of Muniain.,2
Rubén García SantosOsasuna · Midfielder #14Brasanac replaces Ruben Garcia as Osasuna's first change of the game.,0
Abde EzzalzouliOsasuna · Midfielder #12Barja comes on for Ezzalzouli in attack for the away side.,0
orro receives a yellow card after a dangerous challenge on Sancet.,2
sst: M. VesgaGOALLL!!! 1-0 ATHLETIC!!! INAKI WILLIAMS!! Athletic finally get the goal they deserve as Inaki Williams pokes the ball home! Vesga wins the initial header from the corner and the attacker is alert in the six-yard box and gets to the ball before Herrera.,1
esga receives the first yellow of the game after a poor challenge on Oroz.,2
Roberto SorianoBologna · Midfielder #21Santander comes on for Bologna as Soriano is replaced. ,0
Aaron HickeyBologna · Midfielder #3Viola is sent on for Hickey as the hosts continue to throw strikers onto the pitch. ,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Jorge gets five minutes at the end of the match as Morata's day comes to an end early. ,0
Mattias SvanbergBologna · Midfielder #32Svanberg has had a good match but he’s replaced with 10 minutes remaining as Vignato gets a chance to make an impact.,0
Musa BarrowBologna · Striker #99Sansone replaces Barrow as Bologna continue to search for ideas.,0
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #14The previously booked McKennie also makes way as Bentancur gets a chance to stretch his legs. ,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Kulusevski replaces Kean with just under 20 minutes remaining. ,0
Asst: A. MorataCUADRADO DOUBLES THE LEAD! 2-0! It’s a magnificent hit from the full-back, who receives the ball on the right wing and drops his shoulder to get past Svanberg before firing a shot that takes a deflection on it’s way past Skorupski!,1
Arthur MeloJuventus · Midfielder #5Allegri takes this opportunity to make a change as Arthur is withdrawn for Locatelli. ,0
Luca PellegriniJuventus · Defender #17Juventus also make a change at left-back as Sandro replaces Pellegrini. ,0
Lorenzo De SilvestriBologna · Midfielder #29Olsen is sent on at half-time as De Silvestri makes way.,0
Dominguez's actions invites players from both Bologna and Juventus to meet at the spot of the foul for a bit of a confrontation. McKennie gets involved in a shoving match with Medel and will also receive a yellow. ,2
here’s a bit of pushing and shoving on the pitch as Morata goes down under the weight of a Dominguez challenge, which prompts the Bologna midfielder to give the striker a shove and an earful. It’s a booking for Dominguez as he is unable to keep his temper in check.,2
sst: F. BernardeschiJUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Bernardeschi takes up a position on the right edge of the penalty area and slips an incisive pass between the legs of Theate. Morata latches onto the ball and fires a first-time effort high into the roof of the net!,1
Asst: P. DiopLOSADA SCORES HIS FIRST CELTA GOAL IN HIS FIRST MATCH! The 18-year old pulls away from Ramos in the penalty are and takes a touch before hitting a low, powerful shot which beats Courtois at the left-hand post! 3-1!,1
Gabriel FernándezCelta Vigo · Striker #19Fernandez gets some rest at the end of the match as Losada takes his place.,0
Fran BeltránCelta Vigo · Midfielder #8Cheikh is in for Beltran as Celta look to limit the damage.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Benzema is removed with less than 10 minutes remaining, which allows Jovic to make his LaLiga debut.,0
Asst: K. BenzemaLUCAS VAZQUEZ MAKES IT 3-0 REAL MADRID! Sisto is extremely sloppy in possession ahead of his own penalty area as he intercepts a pass and then gives it away almost immediately, with Casemiro nipping in. They quickly press into the penalty area where Benzema’s beautiful turn takes away a defender and opens up a lane for Lucas Vazquez to receive the ball and slot it past Blanco!,1
Gareth BaleReal Madrid · Striker #11Isco will feature in Real Madrid’s first match of the season, replacing Bale with 15 minutes remaining.,0
Stanislav LobotkaCelta Vigo · Midfielder #14Lobotka is replaced by Sisto in Celta Vigo’s first change.,0
ostas is shown a yellow card for a challenge borne out of frustration more than anything.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #28Vinicius is recalled to the bench by Zidane who opts for Lucas Vazquez to close out the match.,0
Suarez is once again the target of Real Madrid aggression as Odriozola brings him down - which earns the right-back a yellow card of his own.,2
sst: MarceloIT’S A GOAL OF THE HIGHEST QUALITY FROM KROOS! It’s an UNBELIEVABLE strike as Kroos takes a step inside after receiving a pass from Marcelo and hammers an absolute thunderbolt from 40 yards out which smashes off the underside of the crossbar and over the line! No goalkeeper in the world is saving a shot of that quality! 2-0 Real Madrid!,1
IT’S A RED CARD FOR MODRIC! REAL MADRID ARE INCENSED! The VAR review shows that Modric’s challenge is deemed violent play, and the referee produces a red card very quickly! With just over 30 minutes remaining, the visitors are reduced to 10 men!,3
Fernandez is shown a yellow card for elbowing Ramos while attempting to head the ball. It’s the fourth of the match for Celta Vigo, who are losing their composure in their attempt to get back level.,2
Vinicius tugs Suarez back, preventing Celta from bursting forward on a counter-attack following a poor Real Madrid corner. He’s shown a yellow for the infringement - the fourth of the match.,2
spas also has his name taken down for venting his frustrations at match official Javier Estrada Fernandez.,2
The Celta players are furious following the awarding of the goal, as they believe there was a foul in midfield in the build-up. Blanco goes into the referee’s book for the resulting protestation.,2
sst: G. BaleBENZEMA PUTS REAL MADRID AHEAD! The goal goes to the striker, but all the plaudits go to Bale whose incredible slaloming run saw him lose two defenders before centring a low cross into the six-yard box. The pass pulls the goalkeeper out of position - allowing Benzema to tuck it away neatly. 1-0 to the visitors!,1
Kevin Vazquez goes into a reckless sliding challenge on Kroos which earns the full-back an early yellow card.,2
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24Alaba replaces Tolisso in midfield for the away side. ,0
Asst: J. van den BerghGOOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 2-2. HOLSTEIN KIEL LEVEL IN THE FINAL MINUTE!!! A ball is whipped into the Bayern box and Wahl is there to head home from close range. Unbelievable! Extra time surely to follow. ,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Striker #7A final late change for Bayern as Roca replaces Gnabry in midfield. ,0
Bouna SarrBayern · Defender #20A switch at right-back for the visitors as Pavard comes on for the final five minutes. Sarr - who has played very well tonight - departs for Bayern. ,0
Alexander MühlingHolstein Kiel · Midfielder #8Arslan comes on at the same time with Muhling leaving the field. ,0
Jonas MeffertHolstein Kiel · Midfielder #26More changes for the hosts and the first is an attacking swap as midfielder Meffert is replaced by forward Serra. ,0
Stefan TheskerHolstein Kiel · Defender #5Thesker pulls a muscle whilst trying to play a ball out from the back so he has to depart. Komenda comes on in his place. ,0
Finn PorathHolstein Kiel · Midfielder #27Hauptmann - on loan from Bundesliga side FC Koln - joins the action at the expensive of Porath at the same time. ,0
Joshua MeesHolstein Kiel · Midfielder #29The hosts respond with a double substituion of their own. Reese replaces Mees in the first switch. ,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Star striker Lewandowski is also called upon to try and finish off the hosts. Musiala departs as a result. ,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10A first change of the night from Bayern as Costa replaces Sane out wide. ,0
ule goes into the book after hacking down Porath on the left wing. ,2
GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! 2-1 BAYERN. SANE WITH A BEAUTY!!!! What a goal this is from the former Manchester City man. The German forward steps up to a freekick 25 yards from goal and wraps his left-footed effort into the top corner of the host’s goal.,1
Meffert is booked for synically bringing down Musiala who was breaking through the hosts' midfield. ,2
Asst: J. DehmGOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!! 1-1. HOLSTEIN KIEL LEVEL THROUGH BARTELS!!!! It’s as simple as it gets for the hosts as the ball is lumped up the field by Dehm. Bartels latches onto the pass, takes a few touches to steady himself and then unleashes an unstoppable shot into the far bottom corner of the Bayern net from 20 yards out. Game on!,1
OOOOOAALLLLLL!!! 1-0 BAYERN. GNABRY!!!! A ball is floated into the penalty area and Muller nods the ball down to try and find the onrushing Gnabry. Gelios races out of his net though to intercept and gets there but his clearance only hits the German forward who then coolly converts from six yards out. The Holstein Kiel goalkeeper won’t want to see that one again.,1
Asst: A. HakimiZAIRE-EMERY SCORES! And that should do it for PSG! He has acres of space down the right and he leisurely makes the run into the box. When nobody closes him down, he fires a low shot past Lecomte at the near post and seals the three points for his side. 3-1 PSG!,1
sst: S. MavididiNORDIN PULLS ONE BACK! Bernat looks to have cut out Montpellier's attack, but his loose touch gifts it straight back to the hosts. Nordin slides it into Mavididi, who runs straight into Marquinhos. The ball bounces back to Nordin, who takes the shot first time, curling it around the defender in front of him and past a static Donnarumma into the bottom corner. 2-1!,1
Falaye SackoMontpellier · Midfielder #77Final change for the hosts now. Sacko just pulled up holding his hamstring a few moments ago. Mbiayi comes on in his place for the final minutes.,0
Faitout MaouassaMontpellier · Midfielder #27And Maouassa, who has easily been Montpellier's biggest threat, is also taken off, with Fayad replacing him.,0
Joris ChotardMontpellier · Midfielder #13Another double change for Montpellier now. Chotard is the first to make way, with Nordin coming on for him.,0
Asst: F. RuizMESSI SCORES! PSG go straight down the other end, and Montpellier are caught out. Sanches switches it out to Ekitike on the left, and he cuts inside to find Ruiz, who slides it through for Messi. He peels off the back of Chotard, who didn't realise who was behind him, and the Argentinian slots his effort into the near bottom corner. 2-0 PSG!,1
Nuno MendesPSG · Defender #25And Mendes is also making way, with Bernat on for him.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17The visitors are making their final changes now. Vitinha is taken off first, with Zaire-Emery replacing him.,0
Valère GermainMontpellier · Striker #9There's a double change for Montpellier as they continue their search for an equaliser. Germain is the first to go off, with Faye replacing him.,0
Léo LeroyMontpellier · Midfielder #18And Leroy is also making way, with Ferri on in his place.,0
sst: H. EkitikeRUIZ SCORES! And this one will count! Vitinha's throughball is missed by Esteve and Ekitike sees a shot smothered at the near post. He nods it back into the middle, and Lecomte and his defenders lose the flight of the ball. It bounces through to Ruiz, who gets his leg high to poke it past Kouyate, who can't keep it out on the line. 1-0 PSG!,1
Sergio RamosPSG · Defender #4With Ramos already off the field, Sanches is now ready to come on and take his place.,0
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Mbappe went down off the ball, and he's holding his hamstring as he makes his way off the pitch with the medical team. He goes straight down the tunnel and Ekitike is on to replace him.,0
Savanier was getting away through the middle, and Pereira couldn't get close. He tugged his arm back and is shown a yellow card.,2
ullien picks up a yellow card for that challenge on Ramos and is the first to go into the referee's book.,2
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Barcelona make another change to try and slow the game down. Two former Chelsea players are switched with Christensen coming off for Alonso.,0
Alexander SørlothReal Sociedad · Striker #19Sorloth is replaced by Fernandez. The former Crystal Palace striker had a huge chance to score the equaliser earlier in the game but missed the target from close range.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7With a goal to his name, Dembele is now off the pitch. Fati is on and will play on the left wing with Raphinha on the right.,0
Takefusa KuboReal Sociedad · Midfielder #14Kubo has been Sociedad's best player, but is now coming off. Navarro will look to make the difference in the final 12 minutes.,0
Pablo MarínReal Sociedad · Midfielder #42Sociedad are now making two substitutions. Olasagasti replaces Marin.,0
Alejandro BaldeBarcelona · Defender #28A second change for Barcelona. Balde is given a rest with Raphinha coming on. Araujo is now at left-back with Busquets moving to centre-back.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8Xavi makes his first change of the game. Kessie comes on in the midfield to replace Pedri.,0
ubimendi is protesting his innocence but receives a yellow card. Gavi gets past the midfielder, with the Sociedad man pulling his shirt to stop him from progressing.,2
edri is now in the book after pulling Kubo's shirt with the Sociedad man breaking forward with pace.,2
usquets receives Barcelona's first yellow card of the game after committing a tactical foul on Barrenetxea.,2
sst: J. KoundéGOAALLLL! DEMBELE SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! The home side have a deserved lead. On the right, Kounde curls a low pass down the flank to the midfielder. Rushing forward into the box, he powers an effort towards the near post with the goalkeeper diving the other way. He gets a touch on the shot but cannot push it away.,1
Diego RicoReal Sociedad · Defender #15Sociedad have made a couple of changes at half-time. Firstly, left-back Rico is replaced by Munoz.,0
Mikel OyarzabalReal Sociedad · Striker #10The second Sociedad substitution comes in the attack. Quiet in the first half, Oyarzabal is replaced by Barrenetxea.,0
RED CARD! After checking the monitor, Mendez is sent off after a high tackle on Busquets. He stood on the ankle of the Barcelona man after going late into a challenge.,3
Elliott's frustration gets the better of him as he goes through the back of Ceballos to win the ball back. He's shown a late yellow card.,2
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10And Modric is also taken off, with Kroos on for him.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Madrid's last change is a double one. Benzema won't get the chance to go for a hat-trick as he's replaced by Asensio.,0
Stefan BajčetićLiverpool · Midfielder #43Final roll of the dice for Liverpool now as Elliott comes on in place of Bajcetic.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Second change for Madrid now, and Rodrygo makes his way off the far side of the pitch so Ceballos can replace him.,0
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14And Henderson is also going off, handing the armband to Milner, who comes on in his place.,0
Joe GomezLiverpool · Defender #2Another double change for Liverpool now. Gomez, who has had a pretty torrid second half, is replaced by Matip.,0
sst: V. JúniorBENZEMA SCORES AGAIN! Madrid break quickly on the counter, and Liverpool just can't cope with it. Modric bundles it to Vinicius, and he slides it through Van Dijk's legs to Benzema. Alisson rushes out, but he coolly takes it around him before firing his shot past three Liverpool defenders and into the top corner. 5-2 Madrid!,1
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #27And Nunez is also making way, with Jota on for him.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Liverpool's first change is a double one as they look to get back into this tie. Gakpo is the first to go off, with Firmino replacing him.,0
Vinicius is the first player to go into the referee's book as he refuses to retreat so that Liverpool can take their free-kick.,2
sst: RodrygoBENZEMA SCORES! What a turnaround by Madrid! Bajcetic can't clear his lines and Carvajal knocks it back out to Rodrygo. He touches it into Benzema, who gets it out of his feet before poking a shot on goal. It takes a big deflection off Gomez's thigh which completely wrongfoots Alisson as it hits the net. 4-2 Madrid!,1
sst: L. ModrićMILITAO SCORES! It was a clumsy challenge from Gomez on Vinicius and it's cost Liverpool! Modric whips the free-kick in from just outside the area on the left and Militao loses his marker to have a free header from the edge of the six-yard box. He thumps his header through the crowd and into the back of the net. 3-2 Madrid!,1
VINICIUS SCORES AGAIN! And this time, it's Alisson who's at fault! Gomez does well to intercept the pass into Vinicius and he knocks it back to the keeper. He attempts to play it straight back to Gomez, not seeing Vinicius closing him down, and the pass hits him and loops straight into the empty net. 2-2!,1
David AlabaReal Madrid · Defender #4Alaba does make his way straight off the pitch with the medical team, and it's Nacho that's on to replace him.,0
Asst: K. BenzemaVINICIUS PULLS ONE BACK! It's lovely stuff from the Brazilian, who gets away from Fabinho with a lovely bit of footwork before playing a one-two with Benzema as he cuts inside from the left. Nobody closes him down and he whips a great shot past Alisson into the far side of the net. 2-1!,1
SALAH SCORES! And it's a moment to forget for Courtois! Carvajal cuts off Gakpo's run down the left and knocks it back to the keeper. Courtois is looking to take his time, but it bounces awkwardly off his knee, wrongfooting him, and Salah is on the spot to fire it past into the back of the net. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
Asst: M. SalahWHAT A GOAL! And what a start for Liverpool! Salah drives down the right, and Alaba backs off, allowing him space to fizz a low cross into the middle. Nunez times his run perfectly and goes for an audacious backheel flick that comes off as it flies past Courtois into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
Asst: H. SonJOHNSON WINS IT FOR SPURS! Spurs have snatched a win! It's a lovely team move down the left for Spurs as Maddison slides it through to Richarlison, who picks out Son's overlap. He gets his head up to spot Johnson making a late, unmarked run to the far post, and he meets it first time, firing it into the roof of the net. 2-1 Spurs!,1
Billy GilmourBrighton · Midfielder #11Gilmour is the other player making way, with Baker-Boaitey replacing him.,0
Tariq LampteyBrighton · Defender #2There's going to be at least another six minutes added on here, and Brighton are making a double change. Lamptey is going straight off after getting seen by the physio, and Baleba is on for him.,0
t was a footrace between Richarlison and Dunk, and the Brazilian won. Dunk slides in late to catch him on the ankle, and the referee goes straight to his pocket for a yellow card.,2
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Brighton are making a double change of their own now. Welbeck, who hasn't been as involved in the second half, goes off for Ferguson.,0
Destiny UdogieTottenham · Defender #38And Udogie is also making his way off, with Hojbjerg replacing him.,0
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29Spurs' final change is a double one. The goalscorer, Sarr, is taken off, with Davies on in his place.,0
Estupinan walks off with the ball after being flagged offside, and the referee books him for time-wasting.,2
The ball is long gone by the time Buonanotte steps across Maddison awkwardly from behind. He's the first Brighton name into the book.,2
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21And Bissouma comes on to face his former club as he comes on for Kulusevski.,0
Timo WernerTottenham · Midfielder #16Lamptey will be pleased to see the back of Werner, who has given him a tough time in this game. He's replaced by Johnson.,0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Postecoglou was ready to make this change before the goal and is now introducing three new players. Son gets the captain's armband from Romero as he comes on to a warm reception in place of Bentancur.,0
Sarr jumped over the advertising boards to celebrate with the crowd, and he's booked for what is deemed an excessive celebration.,2
SARR EQUALISES! It's been coming from Spurs, and they've finally managed to get their goal! It's a wonderful throughball from Kulusevski to cut Brighton wide open, and Sarr latches onto it. His first shot is blocked by Dunk, but it rebounds off the post and straight back to the midfielder, who makes no mistake as he lifts it in from a tight angle. 1-1!,1
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Brighton are making the first change of the game here, and it's a positive one. Another attacker in Fati is coming on in place of Lallana.,0
Maddison tried to pull out of a tackle on Lamptey when he realised he wasn't getting the ball, but he still managed to trip the right-back. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
Penalty GoalGROSS SCORES! It's as cool as you like from the German! He takes a very short run-up to the spot, planting himself so he can get the power behind it as he fires it down the right of the goal. Vicario dives the wrong way, and it's 1-0 Brighton!,1
March is booked late on for time-wasting after taking too long with a throw-in.,2
Poor challenge by Mwepu on Etebo and he is quite rightly shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana is the final Brighton player to come off and he has been replaced by Moder.,0
Ken SemaWatford · Midfielder #12Third and final Watford substitution now, with Sema coming off and he has been replaced by Deeney.,0
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Midfielder #11Brighton now with their second change of the game, with Trossard the man coming off and he has been replaced by Mwepu.,0
Craig CathcartWatford · Defender #15Here comes another Watford change and it's an attacking one, with Cathcart replaced by King.,0
Another Brighton booking now, with Duffy booked for his late challenge on Dennis, which catches the striker high on the leg. Poor challenge by the centre-back.,2
ebster is shown the first yellow card of the game, after he pulls the shirt of Dennis as he looked to break forward.,2
Neal MaupayBrighton · Striker #9Brighton have been forced into making a change ahead of the second half, with Maupay unable to carry on after picking up a shoulder injury and he has been replaced by Connolly.,0
Imran LouzaWatford · Midfielder #6Hernandez comes on for Watford at the break, with Louza the man replaced. The substitute made an immediate impact last week, scoring from the bench within seconds of coming on.,0
sst: Y. BissoumaGOAL! Maupay doubles Brighton’s lead just before the break, it’s 2-0! Bachmann plays the ball out to Troost-Ekong and he plays a sloppy pass to Cleverley, who didn’t really want it and Bissouma nicks it off his toes around 25 yards out. The midfielder then plays it through to Maupay on the edge of the box, who only had the keeper to beat and he produced a fine finish, firing it into the back of the net.,1
Asst: P. GroßGOAL! Brighton take the lead after 10 minutes, it’s 1-0! Gross whips a terrific corner delivery into the penalty area and Duffy rises above his marker and powers a header towards the top left corner. It strikes the crossbar and then bounces down over the line and into the back of the net. Great start for the hosts.,1
Dejan KulusevskiJuventus · Midfielder #44Allegri has been waiting a while to make this change, and he's bringing on 18-year-old Soule for the end of the game in place of Kulusevski.,0
Luca RanieriSalernitana · Defender #19And Ranieri is also taken off, with Jaroszynski on for him.,0
Federico BonazzoliSalernitana · Striker #9Salernitana are making their final changes here. Bonazzoli is the first to go off, with Vergani replacing him.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #20Bernardeschi's involvement in that goal was his last of the game as he's replaced by Rabiot. ,0
ORATA SCORES! It's well worked by Juventus, with Bernardeschi pulling away from Zortea down the left before pulling the ball back from the byline. Morata gets in front of Belec at the near post and it's a cute finish from him as he flicks it between the keeper's legs. 2-0 Juve! ,1
Luca PellegriniJuventus · Defender #17And it's like-for-like with the other change as well, with Alex Sandro coming on for Pellegrini.,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Juventus are making a double change now. Kean is the first to go off, with Morata replacing him.,0
Simeon Tochukwu NwankwoSalernitana · Striker #25Third change for Salernitana here and it's Simy that's making way for Djuric.,0
It's a late one from Locatelli on Coulibaly, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Wajdi KechridaSalernitana · Defender #24And Kechrida is also going off, with Schiavone on in his place. ,0
Leonardo CapezziSalernitana · Midfielder #28Salernitana are making a double change here, with Capezzi the first to make way for Di Tacchio.,0
There were a couple of late challenges from Salernitana players just then, but Gagliolo's sliding challenge on Dybala is the one that's picked out by the referee, with the defender's name going into the book.,2
Asst: D. KulusevskiDYBALA SCORES! It's clever play from him as he plays a one-two with Kulusevski on the edge of the D, which just opens up the space he needs. He hits the shot first time, despite being slightly off-balance, and fires his shot past Belec and into the back of the net. 1-0 Juve! ,1
Asst: L. OcamposTHAT'S TWO! With just seconds on the clock deep into stoppage time, Mir finds himself in acres of space inside the area and latches onto Ocampos' precision ball from the right to prod home the second goal of the game. Three points for Sevilla, they win 2-0!,1
Diego CarlosSevilla · Defender #20Having hobbled off with some help, Carlos is replaced by Dutch defender Rekik.,0
Nmecha needlessly picks up a booking for handball; ruling him out of the final group game due to suspension.,2
John BrooksWolfsburg · Defender #25A final change for Wolfsburg sees Brooks brought off for Ginczek to feature in the closing moments of the game.,0
Joan JordánSevilla · Midfielder #8Sevilla decide on a third change, and goalscorer Jordan is offered a rest, allowing Delaney to come on and shore up the midfield.,0
For arguing that Jordan should be booked for time-wasting, Arnold is instead shown a yellow card by the unimpressed referee.,2
Munir El HaddadiSevilla · Striker #11Sevilla also make a substitution up front, as Munir comes off for Rafa Mir.,0
Papu GómezSevilla · Striker #24Lopetegui finally makes a change, as Papu Gomez is taken off and Oliver Torres is brought on in his place.,0
Ridle BakuWolfsburg · Defender #20In a straight swap on the right flank, Baku is replaced by Mbabu.,0
Jérôme RoussillonWolfsburg · Defender #15Roussillon is also brought off, with Paulo Otavio his replacement for the final 15 minutes.,0
Aster VranckxWolfsburg · Midfielder #8Vranckx has struggled to influence the game from midfield, so Lukebakio comes on in his place.,0
Yannick GerhardtWolfsburg · Striker #31Though he put in an industrious shift, Gerhardt has been replaced by Philipp in the Wolfsburg midfield.,0
Sent off in the reverse fixture earlier this season, Guilavogui finds himself booked for a poorly timed tackle on Acuna in midfield.,2
Getting caught on the wrong side of Gerhardt deep inside the Sevilla half, Fernando clumsily brings down his opponent and receives the game's first yellow card.,2
sst: I. RakitićSEVILLA LEAD! A typically precise delivery from the left by Rakitic finds Jordan unmarked inside the six-yard area, and the midfielder nods in his first Champions League goal to give Sevilla an early 1-0 advantage. A great start for Los Rojiblancos!,1
Billy GilmourNorwich City · Midfielder #8Gilmour gets the last 10 minutes off. Norwich's Danish defensive midfielder Sorensen comes on.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Tottenham make a substitution. Lucas, who opened the scoring, goes off. Bergwijn takes his place on the right wing.,0
sst: B. DaviesGOAL! TOTTENHAM 3-0 NORWICH CITY! This has become a routine win for Spurs. Davies salvages Doherty's cutback from the right and plays a one-two with Kane to approach the box. The Welshman lays off to Son who takes a touch and slots the ball calmly into the bottom left corner.,1
Pierre Lees-MelouNorwich City · Midfielder #20Here's that latest Norwich change. Dowell replaces the quiet Lees-Melou.,0
Adam IdahNorwich City · Striker #35Norwich decide to make their first change of the game. Sargent takes Idah's place up front.,0
OAL! TOTTENHAM 2-0 NORWICH CITY! Spurs have the second goal they need to probably wrap this game up. Their corner deflects off Gibson and lands kindly to Sanchez inside the six-yard box. The Colombian emphatically smashes it high into the net.,1
Japhet TangangaTottenham · Midfielder #25Tanganga goes off as Norwich are starting to find more joy down his side. Spurs bring Doherty on to replace him.,0
ilmour is shown the yellow card for his tactical foul on Lucas.,2
Sergio ReguilónTottenham · Midfielder #3Reguilon walks off the pitch unaided. His substitution looks precautionary. Sessegnon replaces him at left wing-back for Spurs.,0
eguilon steams into the back of Aarons near the touchline. The Spaniard is shown a yellow card.,2
Pukki's shown a yellow card for bringing Kane down. It looked accidental but it was a clumsy challenge by the Norwich talisman.,2
Asst: H. SonGOAL! TOTTENHAM 1-0 NORWICH CITY! What a goal by Lucas! The Brazilian skips over Gilmour's challenge and plays a quick one-two with Son before lashing into the top left corner from outside the box. Norwich's defenders couldn't get near him.,1
Penalty GoalNO MISTAKE FROM ALLI!!! SPURS ARE IN SEVENTH HEAVEN! The England midfielder picks himself up and calmly sends Cohen the wrong way from 12 yards.,1
Mohammad Abu FaniMaccabi Haifa · Midfielder #16Abu Fani goes off for Maccabi with Yuval Ashkenazi coming on in his place.,0
Dolev HazizaMaccabi Haifa · Midfielder #8Another change for the visitors sees Haziza replaced by Jose Rodriguez.,0
Harry KaneTottenham · Striker #10And completing his treble is Kane's last action as he goes off to be replaced by Sergio Reguilon.,0
Asst: S. BergwijnKANE!!! 6-2 SPURS! The England captain completes his hat-trick with a delightful chip over Cohen after been played in by Bergwijn.,1
Ofri AradMaccabi Haifa · Defender #15First change for Maccabi as Arad goes off to be replaced by Godsway Donyoh.,0
Pierre-Emile HøjbjergTottenham · Midfielder #5A second change for Spurs sees Hojbjerg make way for Moussa Sissoko.,0
Penalty GoalKANE!!! 5-2 TOTTENHAM! The three-goal cushion is restored as Kane tucks away the penalty. The goalkeeper went the right way, but could not get near the ball.,1
Penalty GoalRUKAVYTSYA SCORES!!! 4-2! Hope for Maccabi as their talisman calmly sends Hart the wrong way from 12 yards.,1
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18A change at the break for Spurs as Dele Alli is introduced, with Lo Celso given a well-earned rest.,0
Asst: H. KaneLO CELSO AGAIN!!! 4-1 SPURS! Another chance and another goal for the Argentine, who neatly chips the advancing Cohen after he was neatly played in by Kane.,1
LO CELSO!!! 3-1 TOTTENHAM! Breathing space for the hosts! The visitors are unable to clear their lines and the ball breaks for the Argentine, who neatly slots it into the top corner.,1
Asst: S. BergwijnLUCAS MOURA!!! 2-1! Spurs back in front! The hosts regain the lead as Lucas loses his marker at the near post to cleverly guide home Bergwijn's corner.,1
Asst: N. RukavytsyaWHAT A STRIKE!!! CHERY MAKES IT 1-1! Maccabi are level in emphatic fashion! Receiving the ball from Rukavytsya, Chery cuts inside before unleashing a stunning left-footed strike into the top corner, leaving Hart clutching at thin air.,1
Asst: B. DaviesKANE!!! 1-0! WHAT A START FOR TOTTENHAM! The hosts take the lead inside the opening 90 seconds as Davies and Bergwijn combine, with the former's delicious cross turned in by Kane inside the six-yard box.,1
Anthony ElangaNottm Forest · Midfielder #21The lively Elanga, who has set up two of Wood's three goals, is given a well-earned rest. He is replaced by Worrall.,0
DaniloNottm Forest · Midfielder #28Danilo is also given a breather with Kouyate replacing him for the dying moments.,0
ragging back Gibbs-White as the Forest midfielder looked to latch onto a loose ball, Schar is shown a yellow card for doing so.,2
Guimaraes' frustration is evident. The Brazilian kicks out at Yates, who had stripped him of the ball, and is yellow-carded.,2
illiams prevents Isak from taking a quick throw-in for Newcastle. The Wales international goes into the book for his troubles.,2
Callum Hudson-OdoiNottm Forest · Midfielder #14There is also activity on the Forest bench with Dominguez introduced in place of Hudson-Odoi.,0
Sven BotmanNewcastle · Defender #4Newcastle make a change with Hall coming on to replace Botman at the back.,0
Sean LongstaffNewcastle · Midfielder #36Newcastle also turn to the bench and introduce Joelinton for the final 20 minutes. Longstaff is the player to make way.,0
Ibrahim SangaréNottm Forest · Midfielder #6Sangare is also given a breather by the visitors. Yates goes on in his place.,0
Gonzalo MontielNottm Forest · Defender #29Forest make a double change. The first sees Montiel make way to be replaced by Williams at right-back.,0
Asst: MurilloWOOD!!! HAT-TRICK HERO! 3-1 FOREST! The visitors are in dreamland! The Newcastle defence switches off and Wood times his run brilliantly to latch onto Murillo's long ball. The former Magpies striker then demonstrates wonderful composure to jink around Dubravka before slotting into the empty net.,1
Dan BurnNewcastle · Defender #33Livramento also comes on at left-back for Burn, who has endured a torrid day against Elanga.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Newcastle turn straight to the bench as Howe makes a double substitution. The first of these sees Wilson introduced in place of Almiron.,0
Asst: A. ElangaWOOD!!! 2-1 FOREST! The visitors complete the turnaround and, once again, the former Newcastle striker comes back to haunt his old club. Forest counter with Elanga leading the charge before finding Wood with a precise throughball. The forward brilliantly turns Burn inside out, before lifting the ball over Dubravka with a delightful finish.,1
Asst: A. ElangaWOOD!!! 1-1! Forest are level! And it is a devastating counter by the visitors. Gibbs-White leads the charge before feeding Elanga. This time, the latter shows wonderful presence of mind to square the ball across the six-yard box, where an unmarked Wood can tap into the empty net.,1
Montiel waves an imaginary card in the direction of the referee following Gordon's challenge. The full-back is subsequently shown one for his troubles.,2
Gordon goes into the book after he catches Elanga late while tracking back.,2
angare is shown the first yellow card of the game for a rash challenge on Isak. He will miss Forest's next game against Manchester United through suspension.,2
Penalty GoalISAK!!! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! Cool as you like from the Swede! The man who was fouled for the penalty to be awarded, Isak steps up and very calmly rolls the ball past the flat-footed Turner.,1
ED CARD!!! Verratti wins the ball and plays it down the line for Messi, but he's clumsily scythed down by Pavard right on the edge of the box! It's not quite a penalty, but is certainly a yellow card, and Pavard's second of the game means he's off!,3
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Bayern bring on another defender, Josip Stanisic, to replace Sane as they attempt to consolidate this slender lead, which since Mbappe's introduction, has looked severely under threat.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Musiala is off next for Bayern, as a more defensively-minded midfielder in Ryan Gravenberch enters the fray.,0
Neymar shoves Kimmich to ground, where the Bayern midfielder collides with Verratti, and the PSG forward is shown a yellow card.,2
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Ex-PSG forward Choupo-Moting comes off next for Bayern, with Thomas Muller taking his place in attack.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11The player whose goal currently makes the difference is also withdrawn, with Serge Gnabry replacing Coman for Bayern.,0
Danilo PereiraPSG · Midfielder #15PSG make another change in midfield, as Vitinha replaces Danilo for the final 15 minutes.,0
oman looks to set off on the break for Bayern but is felled by a sliding Kimpembe. The PSG substitute was nowhere near the ball, and is shown a yellow card as a result.,2
Warren Zaïre-EmeryPSG · Midfielder #33Zaire-Emery has looked impressive down the right so far, but the 16-year-old's first Champions League start comes to an end with the introduction of Fabian Ruiz.,0
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #28Mbappe's return from injury comes earlier than expected, as he replaces Soler in this shell-shocked PSG side.,0
Asst: A. DaviesGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Bayern get the breakthrough, and it's that man again!!! Choupo-Moting tees Davies up to cross from the left, and the Canadian's cross flies over everyone's heads and falls to Coman, who side-foots the ball underneath Donnarumma on the volley to give the visitors a deserved 1-0 lead! He looked very lively on the left in the first half and his switch to the opposite side has yielded a goal in the second! Donnarumma could have done better, it should be said.,1
João CanceloBayern · Midfielder #22Bayern make one half-time change, with Manchester City loanee Cancelo replaced by Alphonso Davies. He'll occupy the left flank, switching Coman to the right.,0
Achraf HakimiPSG · Defender #2PSG also make a defensive alteration, as Presnel Kimpembe replaces Hakimi at half-time.,0
eymar comes central to take a pass, stepping away from Pavard in the process, but he's caught late by the Bayern defender, who goes into the book.,2
ED CARD! Schar has only been on the pitch for six minutes and he has now been shown a straight red card, after he lunges into the back of Martinelli and catches the winger high and late. Really poor challenge by the Newcastle centre-back.,3
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #11Third and final substitution by Arsenal now, with Odegaard replaced by Partey.,0
Ciaran ClarkNewcastle · Defender #2A final attacking change for Newcastle here, with Clark replaced by Gayle.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangArsenal · Striker #14Arteta opts to give Aubameyang a rest and he is replaced by Pepe.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24The other change sees Almiron replaced by Joelinton.,0
Federico FernándezNewcastle · Defender #18Newcastle have made a double substitution now, with Fernandez the first to come off and he has been replaced by Schar.,0
Asst: G. MartinelliGOOOAAALLL! Aubameyang doubles Arsenal’s lead and makes it 2-0! They work it well on the edge of the box and Aubameyang was originally appealing for a free-kick, but play is allowed to continue and Odegaard finds Martinelli down the left wing, who whips a superb cross into the box. Aubameyang then shows great skill to turn it into the back of the net from close range.,1
Fernandez is booked after he catches Xhaka late, with the Arsenal man just getting to the ball first and flicking it past him.,2
David LuizArsenal · Defender #23Here is the enforced change by Arsenal, with David Luiz heading off and he has been replaced by Chambers.,0
Almiron is booked after he dives into a challenge with Ceballos and the midfielder goes down. However, after looking at the replay, it doesn't look like the Newcastle man touched his opponent.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Xhaka after a cynical challenge on Saint-Maximin, lashing out and kicking him from behind.,2
Asst: P. AubameyangGOOOAAALLL! Arsenal take an early lead, it’s 1-0! Excellent movement by Bellerin down the right wing and David Luiz picks him out from the back. The right-back drills a cross into the box towards Aubameyang, who completely miss times his effort and it ends up falling to Elneny on the edge of the box. The midfielder then volleys the ball into the bottom left corner of the net, with Dubravka getting a touch on it, but he couldn’t stop it from flying in.,1
Surridge is booked for getting in the way of a Leeds free-kick.,2
Neco WilliamsNottm Forest · Defender #7Ayew comes on for his debut in place of Williams.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Marsch replaces Harrison with Greenwood with his final change.,0
Wober sees yellow for bringing down Surridge as Cooper's men countered.,2
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Marsch introduces Rutter, Leeds' record signing, in place of Bamford.,0
Pascal StruijkLeeds United · Defender #21Having escaped a red card a moment ago, Struijk makes way for Firpo.,0
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8McKennie is on for his Leeds debut in place of Roca.,0
illiams is yellow-carded for kicking the ball away as Adams looked to take a free-kick.,2
DaniloNottm Forest · Midfielder #28Danilo is replaced by Colback at the interval.,0
Struijk is the first player to go in referee Robert Jones' book for hauling down Johnson.,2
Cheikhou KouyatéNottm Forest · Midfielder #21O'Brien returns to the Forest midfield after a spell out as he replaces O'Brien.,0
sst: G. JesusGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ODEGAARD HAMMERS HOME A FIFTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5-0 ARSENAL!!!!!! Odegaard blasts a left-footed rocket into the top-left corner to pour on the agony for Forest. Jesus turns an offload into the path of the Norway international and he weaves his way past two challenges before unleashing a powerful strike beyond Henderson before he can react.,1
William SalibaArsenal · Defender #12Saliba is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Tierney. White will move to centre-back and Cedric will move to the right flank.,0
Granit XhakaArsenal · Midfielder #34Nketiah is on for the home side to replace Xhaka.,0
Renan LodiNottm Forest · Defender #32Williams replaces Lodi at left wing-back for the visitors.,0
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9Awoniyi has had an anonymous outing today. He is replaced by Worrall.,0
Takehiro TomiyasuArsenal · Defender #18Arteta takes the chance to withdraw Martinelli and replaces him with Cedric.,0
sst: R. NelsonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!! PARTEY SCORES A STUNNER!!!!! 4-0!!!! Partey scores the goal of the afternoon so far with a brilliant curling finish to find the top-right corner. Nelson is the architect on this occasion as he rolls an offload to the edge of the box for Partey to fire at goal. He bends his effort around two Forest defenders before finding the back of the net, leaving Henderson with no chance.,1
Jesse LingardNottm Forest · Striker #11Lingard is withdrawn to the jeers of the home fans as he is replaced by Dennis.,0
Morgan Gibbs-WhiteNottm Forest · Striker #10Gibbs-White is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Johnson.,0
Asst: G. JesusGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NELSON DOES IT AGAIN!!!!! 3-0 ARSENAL!!!!!!! The substitute notches his second of the game with a close-range finish. Arsenal work the ball well in tight quarters between Odegaard and Jesus in the inside-right channel. Jesus steers a cross to the near post where Nelson makes the run ahead of Yates to convert on his right foot. What an impact off the bench.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! NELSON SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!!! 2-0 ARSENAL!!!!! The Gunners score a vital second as Nelson converts second time around after seeing his first strike saved. Arsenal cut open the Forest defence as Partey releases Xhaka in the final third. He offloads to Jesus, who keeps the ball moving to Nelson in the inside-right channel. He steps past Freuler to shoot on his left foot. Henderson makes a good save, but the rebound falls kindly for Nelson to hammer home.,1
Gibbs-White takes out Xhaka on the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Nelson gets the nod to replace Saka down the right flank. Arteta and Gareth Southgate will be hopeful that it is not a serious injury.,0
Asst: B. SakaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MARTINELLI SCORES A SUBLIME DIVING HEADER!!!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!!!! Martinelli stoops to direct a low header into the bottom-right corner. Saka collects on the right flank and supplies a perfect cross for Martinelli to attack. The Brazilian connects and steers his effort away from Henderson into the back of the net.,1
Asst: J. SchluppGOOALLL! BATSHUAYI OFF THE BENCH, 1-1! The Belgian international strikes straight away! It's easy for Palace, who play their way right through the Everton midfield before Schlupp finds Batshuayi at the edge of the area. He takes it forward and picks out a perfect left-footed finish into the bottom-right corner.,1
James RodríguezEverton · Midfielder #19Gbamin is on! His first appearance since August 2019. He replaces the goalscorer Rodriguez.,0
Séamus ColemanEverton · Midfielder #23Godfrey comes on for Coleman as Everton make their second change. Sigurdsson takes the captain's armband.,0
Jaïro RiedewaldCrystal Palace · Midfielder #44Palace make their first change, with Schlupp coming on to replace Riedewald.,0
Asst: S. ColemanGOOOALLL! 1-0 EVERTON, JAMES RODRIGUEZ! Digne and Richarlison combine beautifully down the left. The former picks out Sigurdsson in the middle and Guaita makes a great save to keep out his reaction shot from close range, but Coleman manages to keep it in play. He looks up and slides the ball back to Rodriguez, who finishes powerfully at the near post.,1
Digne is booked for a nasty sliding challenge on Ayew as the Ghanaian looked to slip away after a throw-in in his own half.,2
André GomesEverton · Midfielder #21Gomes can't carry on, though he walks off under his own power. Sigurdsson comes on to replace him.,0
Eze gets on the ball in space for the first time and looks to burst forward from the centre circle. He looks to slip a ball forward for Benteke but is tripped by Davies, and Benteke is pulled back by Mina. Mina gets the first yellow card of the night.,2
avani has the ball nicked off him by Ajayi and ends up catching Gallagher late in his attempts to win it back. He's shown a yellow card.,2
FredMan United · Midfielder #17The final change for United sees McTominay coming on to replace Fred.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Solskjaer is making his second change as well and it's Van de Beek coming on for Rashford.,0
Branislav IvanovicWest Brom · Defender #20Final change for West Brom now and it's Ivanovic making way for Krovinovic.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Gallagher after he catches Fernandes with a late challenge.,2
Juan MataMan United · Midfielder #8There's a change for United as well as Mata is taken off and replaced by Cavani.,0
Karlan GrantWest Brom · Striker #29Grant is also coming off, with Robinson on in his place.,0
Grady DianganaWest Brom · Midfielder #11Bilic is making a double change now and Diangana is the first to make way for Robson-Kanu.,0
Penalty GoalFERNANDES SCORES! Once again, he does the hop before striking the ball and this time, he catches Johnstone out. He hits the spot-kick high this time and finds the back of the net despite the keeper going the right way. 1-0 United!,1
ierney gets a yellow card. In the same move, he clipped the foot of substitute Madueke.,2
degaard gets a yellow card after bringing down Simons who was bursting forward on the counter.,2
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Nelson gets an opportunity to show his worth. He replaces Saka for the final few minutes.,0
Joey VeermanPSV · Midfielder #23PSV are now playing with two strikers. Veerman is replaced by De Jong.,0
Takehiro TomiyasuArsenal · Defender #18Substitution for Arsenal at right-back. Assister Tomiyasu is replaced by White.,0
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9Substitution for Arsenal. Jesus is replaced by Martinelli with Nketiah moving into the striker position.,0
Asst: T. TomiyasuGOAAALLLL! XHAKA SCORES! 1-0 ARSENAL! Arsenal have the goal that they have been looking for. Standing in the middle of the box, the midfielder sweeps Tomiyasu’s cross into the bottom corner.,1
Fábio VieiraArsenal · Midfielder #21Substitution for Arsenal. Vieira is replaced by Arsenal captain Odegaard.,0
Albert Sambi LokongaArsenal · Midfielder #23Substitution for Arsenal. Lokonga is replaced by Partey in the midfield.,0
Gutierrez receives a yellow card after taking down Jesus on the edge of the box.,2
Xhaka receives a yellow card after stepping across Simons who was bursting away on the counter.,2
Ángel Di MaríaJuventus · Striker #22Di Maria does not have a goal or an assist to his name but played a vital role in the opener, putting a great cross into the box for Vlahovic to attack. Pogba replaces him for the final few minutes.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Allegri makes a straight swap in the midfield with Paredes coming on for Locatelli.,0
Ricardo EsgaioSporting · Midfielder #47Sporting make a straight swap on the right and have added extra pace with the introduction of Bellerin. Esgaio is off.,0
Marcus EdwardsSporting · Striker #10Edwards has been Sporting's best attacker, but is now being given a rest for the last 13 minutes. Essugo is on in his place.,0
GOALLLLL! GATTI SCORES! 1-0 JUVENTUS! Gatti scores the opener in this Europa League quater-final. Vlahovic gets to Di Maria's cross before Adan and heads the ball towards the goal with the Coates clearing it away. However, he only kicks it as far as Gatti who crashes his shot in from close range.,1
lahovic has only been on for a matter of minutes but goes into the book after putting his hand around the face of Diomande when challenging for the ball.,2
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #17Kostic usually has an impact on the left side and is always an attacking threat, but has not been involved as much as Cuadrado on the other side. Fagioli replaces him.,0
Nuno SantosSporting · Midfielder #11Reis is also on for Sporting. Santos is given a rest.,0
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Juventus also make two alterations. They also switch their striker with Vlahovic on for Milik.,0
Youssef ChermitiSporting · Striker #79Sporting make their first two changes of the game. Chermiti has had a quiet game in the attack and is now coming off without having a shot. Gomes is on.,0
Jeremiah Israël St. JusteSporting · Defender #3Sporting make a change before the break with St. Juste coming off with an injury. Diomande, who started the last game, replaces him at centre-back.,0
Wojciech SzczęsnyJuventus · Goalkeeper #1Szczesny cannot continue and is now coming off. Allegri has two goalkeepers on the bench and decides to bring on Perin.,0
Rabiot is the first Juventus player to be given a yellow card after stepping on the foot of Pote.,2
Inacio is the first player to go into the book after making a late tackle on Di Maria.,2
Asst: N. FüllkrugGOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Quarter-final-bound Borussia Dortmund!! From Kobel's goal-kick, Fullkrug heads the ball on to no-one in particular, but Babadi slips over, allowing Reus to run in behind and coolly slot beyond Benitez into the bottom corner!!! They've been under the pump for almost the entire second half, but Dortmund go 2-0 up on the night to seal a 3-1 victory on aggregate!,1
mecha becomes the second Schwarzgelben player to be booked in as many minutes, after clipping his opposite number Dest from behind.,2
Lozano is clattered by Sule as he knocks the ball past the Dortmund defender, and the makeshift right-back is shown a yellow card late on in this tie.,2
Mauro JúniorPSV · Midfielder #17PSV make another change late in the game, as Isaac Babadi replaces Mauro Junior in midfield.,0
Joey VeermanPSV · Midfielder #23Ricardo Pepi is on late as PSV throw numbers forward in a bid to rescue the tie, and he'll replace Veerman for the remainder of this end-to-end contest.,0
Jadon SanchoDortmund · Midfielder #10Sancho has picked up a knock and limps off the field with his goal still the difference in both the game and the tie, and club legend Marco Reus will enter the fray to see out the final 15 minutes.,0
Donyell MalenDortmund · Midfielder #21Malen's done everything but score for Dortmund in the opening 70 minutes of this game, but comes off now for young forward Karim Adeyemi to make an impact from the bench.,0
Julian BrandtDortmund · Midfielder #19Dortmund manager Edin Terzic makes his first change of the match, bringing on Felix Nmecha in Brandt's place as the under-pressure Schwarzgelben look to re-establish the foothold they had earlier on.,0
Guus TilPSV · Midfielder #20Hirving Lozano is on for PSV in the second half, and he's replacing Til in a switch-up that could see a change of formation for the visitors.,0
Asst: J. BrandtGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! What a start by Die Schwarzgelben!!! Once again PSV can't clear their lines after a cross from Maatsen to Fullkrug is knocked down, and Brandt tees up Sancho on the edge of the box. The on-loan Manchester United winger drills a low shot through Til's legs and towards goal, which Benitez sees late and can't get down to as the ball takes a nick off the post and rolls into the bottom corner!! 1-0 to the hosts already, as Dortmund go 2-1 up on aggregate inside three minutes of the second leg!!,1
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Final change for Southampton now and Long is coming on in place of Adams.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Hodgson is bringing on Eze to make his Palace debut and he replaces Schlupp.,0
Will SmallboneSouthampton · Midfielder #20Another change for Southampton now and it's Djenepo coming on to replace Smallbone.,0
James McCarthyCrystal Palace · Midfielder #22First change for Palace now and Milivojevic is on in place of McCarthy.,0
McCarthy slides in and misses the ball but catches Ward-Prowse with his tackle and is booked for the challenge.,2
he referee originally showed Walker-Peters a red card after he caught Mitchell late with a high boot. After going over to the pitchside monitor though, he's changed his mind and the right-back stays on and is shown a yellow.,2
Jan BednarekSouthampton · Defender #35There's a change for Southampton at the break as Vestergaard comes on to replace Bednarek.,0
Schlupp is shown the first yellow card of the game after he catches Ward-Prowse with a late tackle.,2
Asst: A. TownsendZAHA SCORES! It's a great goal from Zaha following another Palace counter-attack. It's a better ball from Townsend this time and Zaha pulls away from his defender at the far post and finds the back of the net with a close-range volley. 1-0 Palace! ,1
Germán SánchezGranada · Defender #6Granada are making their last change as Sanchez makes way for Perez.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Benzema scored with his final touch of the game as he's taken off by Zidane and Mariano comes on to replace him.,0
ENZEMA ADDS A FOURTH! Silva rushes out of his box to smother Casemiro's long ball upfield and he ends up chesting it down straight to Benzema. The Frenchman keeps his cool, lifting his shot over the goalkeeper and into the back of the empty net. 4-1 Madrid! ,1
Asst: E. HazardODRIOZOLA SCORES! It looks like the chance is gone after Hazard's cross misses everyone at the near post, but Odriozola makes a late run into the box. He catches Sanchez out as he hits the shot first time and fires it over Silva into the net. 3-1 Madrid! ,1
Quina is booked after he completely misses the ball and he ends up catching Hazard with his studs.,2
MOLINA PULLS ONE BACK! Suarez wrongfoots Militao to get into space before firing on goal and Courtois makes a good save to deny him. He pushes it straight to Molina, who timed his run to stay onside and he volleys the ball past the keeper and into the back of the net. 2-1! ,1
Yan Brice EtekiGranada · Midfielder #8There's a double change for Granada now, with Quina coming on to replace Eteki.,0
Antonio PuertasGranada · Midfielder #10Puertas is the other player to make way, with Marin on in his place.,0
acho goes through the back of Molina to try and win the ball back which earns him a yellow card.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Vinicius is also being taken off, with Hazard on to replace him.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15And Valverde is the last to go off, with Isco on in his place.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #25Triple change for Madrid now and it's Rodrygo that's making way first, with Asensio on for him.,0
Fede VicoGranada · Midfielder #14Vico is also making way, with Soro on to replace him.,0
Darwin MachísGranada · Midfielder #11There's a double change for Granada now and Machis is the first to make way, with Suarez on in his place.,0
teki steps across Rodrygo to nick the ball back, but clips his ankle and is shown a yellow card.,2
Modric catches Eteki with a late challenge and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Marvin ParkReal Madrid · Defender #28Madrid are making a change at the break as Odriozola comes on to replace Park.,0
Asst: M. ParkRODRYGO SCORES! Park's tackle wins the ball back for Madrid and it ends up bouncing to Rodrygo, who makes a brilliant driving run down the right. He cuts into the box and goes for goal when the space opens up, slotting it past Silva and into the far side netting. 2-0 Madrid! ,1
Molina doesn't have control of the ball and he ends up catching Casemiro in his attempts to keep hold of it so he's shown a yellow card.,2
ilitao crashes into the side of Veco as he tries to win the ball back which earns him the first booking of the game.,2
Asst: M. GutiérrezMODRIC SCORES! He has so much space as he slowly drifts into the box and his run isn't spotted by Granada until it's too late. Gutierrez lifts the ball over the top and he lets it bounce before drilling his shot through Silva's legs and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Madrid! ,1
Melvin BardNice · Defender #26And the other full-back, Bard, is also making way, with Perraud on in his place.,0
Jordan LotombaNice · Defender #23Nice's final roll of the dice sees Farioli make another double change. Lotomba, who had the visitors' best chances in the second half, goes off for Mendy.,0
Fabián RuizPSG · Midfielder #8And Ruiz is also taken off, with Ugarte replacing him.,0
Lucas BeraldoPSG · Defender #35There's a double change by PSG this time. Beraldo, who restored the hosts' two-goal cushion, goes off for Pereira.,0
Evann GuessandNice · Striker #29Guessand is also making way, with Cho on for him.,0
Morgan SansonNice · Midfielder #11Nice are making a double change this time. Sanson is the first to go off, with Claude-Maurice on in his place.,0
Gonçalo RamosPSG · Striker #9PSG are making their first change now. Ramos, who just hasn't had a finishing touch today, is replaced by Barcola.,0
 Gaëtan Laborde Nice · Striker #24While Bulka is down receiving treatment, Nice are making the first change of the game. It's the goalscorer, Laborde, that's going off, with another forward in Moffi coming on.,0
BERALDO SCORES! PSG's two-goal cushion is restored! The hosts win a corner which is taken short to Lee, and he whips a dangerous ball into the six-yard area. Dante gets a glancing touch to take it away from Ramos behind him, but Beraldo follows in at the far post to nod it into the bottom corner. After a quick VAR check for offside, the goal stands. 3-1 PSG!,1
LABORDE SCORES! Out of nowhere, Nice are back in this game! The move started with Boga down the left, and he made a brilliant weaving run down the wing before cutting inside and riding the challenges from three PSG defenders along the way. It would've been a stunning solo goal, but he was stopped by Beraldo, who can only clear as far as Laborde, and he sets himself up nicely for the half-volley. 2-1!,1
sst: O. DembéléRUIZ SCORES! What a mess Bulka got himself into there! It's a simple backpass to the goalkeeper from Todibo, but he takes a heavy first touch before Dembele sprints across to close him down. Bulka tries to clear his lines, but it hits Dembele, and he helplessly spins, losing the flight of the ball. Dembele has time to cushion it down for Ruiz, who slots it into the empty net. 2-0 PSG!,1
sst: F. RuizMBAPPE SCORES! He's back in the team and back on the scoresheet! It's no surprise that the attack comes from the right for PSG, though Dembele's cross is deflected out to Mbappe on the edge of the box. He plays a neat one-two with Ruiz to lose Todibo in the box and then stretches to poke it past Bulka and into the back of the net. 1-0 PSG!,1
Masoero is the next name into the book for the home team whose lack of discipline looks like being very costly.,2
SPURS LEAD 2-1!! Ndombele scores to put Tottenham a goal to the good and surely into the next phase of the competition. ,1
Penalty GoalKANE EQUALISES FROM THE SPOT!! Tottenham fans can breathe a sigh of relief as their talisman makes no mistake with the penalty.,1
NOTHER RED CARD!! Lokomotiv are down to nine men after Karagaren received a second yellow. ,3
RED CARD!! Almeida receives his marching orders for handball in the penalty area as the home team appear to be coming apart at the seams. ,3
Davinson SánchezTottenham #6It's no surprise that Lucas Moura has been called upon. He replaces centre-back Sanchez. ,0
LOKOMOTIV PLOVDIV LEAD 1-0!!! Georgi Minchev, the man who has been on the field all of four minutes has opened the scoring for the home side as the upset starts to become a very real possibility. It's a shame the fans aren't in the stadium for that one. Wow!,1
Steven BergwijnTottenham #23It's Mourinho's turn to look to the bench again as Erik Lamela gets a chance to impress in place of Bergwijn. ,0
Moussa SissokoTottenham #17Spurs make the first change and it’s Sissoko who makes way for Ndombele on the hour mark.,0
aragaren is the first player to be booked after a cynical challenge on Lo Celso who was looking to break.,2
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Late Liverpool change now, with Jota coming off and he has been replaced by Origi.,0
OAL! Firmino grabs his second and makes it 5-1! Jones fires a low shot at goal from the edge of the box, which is blocked by Cardoso and then falls straight to the feet of Firmino in front of goal. The striker then takes his time and slots it into the back of the net. The goal is initially ruled out for offside, but after a long VAR review, the decision is overturned and it stands as Firmino just managed to stay onside.,1
sst: C. JonesGOAL! Firmino capitalises on a huge mistake by Costa to make it 4-1! Jones plays a long ball over the top of the Porto defence looking for Firmino, but it looks like Marcano has it under control. However, Costa decides to come out of his box and races up the pitch to try and clear it, but gets nowhere near the ball. Firmino then has an empty net to aim at and he slides the ball towards goal, which just has enough pace on it to beat Costa, who couldn't prevent it from crossing the line, despite sprinting back.,1
sst: F. VieiraGOAL! Porto have pulled one back, it’s 3-1! Vieira does well on the edge of the box, to turn away from the Liverpool defence and work space for the cross, whipping a good ball into the penalty area. Taremi manages to get in front of Gomez and he powers his header into the back of the net, with Alisson having no chance of saving that.,1
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Another Liverpool change now, with Henderson the man coming off and he passes the captains armband to Van Dijk. Oxlade-Chamberlain is his replacement.,0
Sérgio OliveiraPorto · Midfielder #27Porto respond by making a change of their own, with Oliveira replaced by Pepe.,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Mane is also heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Minamino.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11There will be no hat-trick for Salah, as he also departs and Firmino is his replacement.,0
James MilnerLiverpool · Defender #7Liverpool make a triple substitution now, with Milner the first to man come off and he has been replaced by Gomez.,0
Asst: C. JonesGOAL! Salah scores his second of the game and Liverpool’s third! Jones does brilliantly in midfield, winning the ball back on the halfway line and then breaking forward quickly, before laying it out to Salah to his right, who only had Costa to beat and he coolly slides it past the keeper and into the back of the net.,1
Mateus UribePorto · Midfielder #8The other change by the hosts sees Uribe replaced by Vitinha.,0
Zaidu SanusiPorto · Defender #12Porto have made a double change now, with Sanusi the first to come off and he has been replaced by Wendell.,0
Toni MartínezPorto · Striker #29Porto have made a change ahead of the second half, with Martinez coming off and he has been replaced by former Liverpool man Grujic.,0
Asst: J. MilnerGOAL! Liverpool double their lead just before the break! It’s a brilliant cross into the box from the right wing by Milner, catching the Porto defence and keeper out, with Costa coming out to block the cross, but he completely misses the ball! It then falls to Mane at the far post, who had a simple tap-in from just a few yards out. Liverpool go 2-0 up.,1
GOAL! Salah fires Liverpool ahead, it's 1-0! Jones does brilliantly down the left wing, taking on Corona and he races into the box and fires a low shot at goal, which is saved by Costa. However, he can only push the ball straight into the path of Sanusi, who is unable to clear the danger and Salah sends it into the back of the net from close range. The keeper should have done better with the initial shot, but it was great anticipation by Salah to convert the rebound.,1
OtávioPorto · Midfielder #25Here is the enforced Porto substitution, with Otavio coming off with an injury and he has been replaced by Vieira.,0
Johan GastienClermont Foot · Midfielder #25A change for Clermont in midfield sees Iglesias replace Gastien. ,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Striker #23Draxler has been involved for the final time today as his number is put up on the fourth official’s board - with newly signed full-back Mendes his replacement.,0
Presnel KimpembePSG · Defender #3Bitumazala is on for his PSG debut, as the youth academy prospect replaces Kimpembe. ,0
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Mbappe's day ends with a goal as Icardi is brought on to give the striker a rest with just over 10 minutes left. ,0
Jodel DossouClermont Foot · Midfielder #24Clermont make changes of their own as Tell is sent on for Dossou. ,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27The goal scorer is replaced as Ebimbe is sent on for Gueye. ,0
Achraf HakimiPSG · Defender #2Hakimi gets a rest with 18 minutes left in the match as Kehrer is sent on to replace him. ,0
PSG MAKE IT 4-0! Mbappe drives towards the byline, beating Ogier for pace before firing a right-footed shot at Desmas. The keeper can only get a palm to the ball which takes it to the far post, finding Gueye in the process. The midfielder cushions a header into the bottom corner as Pochettino’s side go four goals ahead! ,1
Jim AllevinahClermont Foot · Midfielder #11Clermont Foot make two changes at once as Rashani is also introduced as Allevinah is withdrawn. ,0
Jason BerthomierClermont Foot · Midfielder #8Berthomier is replaced by Khaoui as Gastien looks to shuffle his pack. ,0
sst: J. DraxlerIT’S THREE FOR PSG! Draxler hits a long pass over the top of the defence for Mbappe, who exposes the high line and gets on the end of the ball, speeding past Zedadka as he draws Desmas off his line and deposits the ball in the empty net! 3-0!,1
HERRERA’S AT IT AGAIN! 2-0! Marquinhos sprays a long ball over the top for Mbappe, who latches onto it before dancing around N’Simba to win space on the right. The eventual cross is initially repelled by Ogier, but it only falls as far as Herrera at the penalty spot, who taps it home easily!,1
HERRERA MAKES IT 1-0! Hakimi turns N’Simba inside-out on the right wing and fires a low cross into the penalty area, which a diving Desmas can only parry instinctively with a hand. The rebound loops up kindly to Herrera, who powers his header into the empty net!,1
The PSG break is on through Gueye, but Mbappe is dragged to the turf by Zedadka in cynical fashion to bring the counter-attack to a halt. It’s a yellow card for the full-back, while the hosts are awarded a free-kick 25 yards from goal.,2
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Final roll of the dice for Manchester United now as Van de Beek comes on to replace Fred.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Second change for the visitors now and it's Cavani that's coming on for Rashford.,0
Tyler RobertsLeeds United · Midfielder #11Leeds are making their final change now as Roberts is brought off, with Koch on in his place.,0
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21First change for Manchester United now and Solskjaer is bringing on Pogba for James.,0
Hélder CostaLeeds United · Midfielder #17Costa is being taken straight off the field by the medical team and Klich is on to replace him.,0
amford kicked the ball away in frustration after Leeds weren't awarded a free-kick for a challenge on Costa and he's booked for dissent.,2
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #22Leeds are making the first change of the game and it's Harrison that's making way for Poveda.,0
oberts pokes the ball away and Maguire crashes into him after he's played the pass and he's booked for the challenge.,2
Leeds' corner is cleared by Shaw and Rashford latches onto the loose ball and tries to break quickly on the counter. Alioski blocks his run and is shown a yellow card.,2
Roberts' pass is intercepted and he tries to make up for it by getting back, but he's late on Greenwood which earns him a yellow card.,2
t was a late challenge from Ayling on Rashford as he took out the forward and it earns him the first booking of the game.,2
Tomás AlarcónCádiz · Midfielder #12Alarcon comes off for Cadiz, and Marcos Mauro comes on to see the game out.,0
Jens JønssonCádiz · Midfielder #2Off comes Jonsson for Cadiz, and Alvaro Bastida enters the pitch.,0
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Mendy is withdrawn by Carlo Ancelotti, and on comes Nacho for Madrid.,0
Iván AlejoCádiz · Midfielder #14Cadiz also make another change, as Alejo comes off for Ivan Chapela.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15That was Valverde's last action of the match, as he's replaced by striker Luka Jovic.,0
Cala is all over Hazard as he looks to move forward, and pulls him back via his shirt. The referee books the Cadiz defender, arguably a little later than he already should have.,2
Anthony LozanoCádiz · Striker #9Lozano's injury has forced a half-time sub, and on comes Alvaro Negredo for Cadiz.,0
Alejo cuts inside and beats two Madrid players on his way forward, but not Casemiro, who catches him late, brings him to ground, and is given the game's first yellow card.,2
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Skipp gets a couple of minutes for Spurs, replacing Winks.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Another Spurs change sees Son go off, with Fernandes coming on.,0
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Striker #15Another substitution for Leicester. On comes youngster Hirst, replacing Barnes.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Moura, meanwhile, is the player to make way for Bergwijn.,0
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18Here are those changes for Spurs. Lamela has replaced Lo Celso.,0
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #8A double change for Leicester, and it is both of their central midfielders who make way. First, Praet comes on in place of Tielemans.,0
Wilfred NdidiLeicester City · Midfielder #25Ndidi, meanwhile, has been replaced by Mendy.,0
Ayoze PérezLeicester City · Striker #17Rodgers has made another change, with Iheanacho replacing Perez.,0
Moura fouls Tielemans, 30 yards out from Spurs’ goal. Gray, who scored against Sheffield United, stands over it…,2
Ryan BennettLeicester City · Defender #29There has been a change from Rodgers at the break. Gray is on in place of Bennett, who struggled in the first half, meaning Leicester will change their shape.,0
Asst: LucasWHAT A GOAL! That is sensational from Kane! It’s 3-0 now to Spurs, and Leicester’s Champions League hopes are hanging by a thread. Another counter-attack saw Tottenham’s attackers left three-against-three with Leicester’s defence. Moura passed to Kane who, despite being forced wide, cut back inside to get past Bennett, before curling a sublime finish into the right-hand corner.,1
Asst: LucasGOOOOAAALLLL!!! SPURS MAKE IT 2-0! Leicester are caught on the counter once more – Lo Celso feeding Moura, who in turn slides a neat throughball into Kane’s path. The England captain let it roll across his body, before sweeping home with his left foot.,1
ash scythes down March and is booked, in what will likely be the last action of this match.,2
Mac Allister cuts inside and has two shots blocked, but on the second his shooting leg follows through and hits Young in the knee. He's booked for the incident, and it's clear to tell how frustrated Brighton are with how this game has turned against them.,2
onsa is also booked for his part in the argument, but Villa won't care as they close in on three all-important points.,2
OOOALLLL!!!! IT'S TWOOOOO!!!!!! Utter chaos in the Brighton box at the corner sees a McGinn cross back in from the byline dealt with by Webster. His sideward clearance only falls to Mings though, who smashes a fantastic first-time finish into the top corner to double Villa's lead and seal the three points here!!! What a finish to this game!!!,1
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Groß has impressed for Brighton, but Alexis Mac Allister's on in his place for the last few minutes of this match.,0
Asst: A. YoungGOOOOOOOOAALLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! WHAT. A. FINISH!!!!!!!!!!! Villa fly forward on the break once again, and Young finds Watkins on the run. He cuts inside Duffy, and Bissouma, and unleashes a firecracker of a shot right into the top corner!!!! What a goal, and potentially what a start to Steven Gerrard's tenure in charge at Villa Park!!!!,1
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Ramsey is the next to be withdrawn by Steven Gerrard, and Anwar El Ghazi come on for him.,0
Tariq LampteyBrighton · Midfielder #2Lamptey is the next to come off for Brighton, and Neal Maupay comes on in a clear showing of attacking intent from Graham Potter.,0
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Striker #10Buendia's been frustrated by his attacking performance in this game, and Ashley Young comes on in his place.,0
ebster's the next to be booked, this time for a late foul on Targett in quite a dangerous position for Brighton.,2
Danny IngsAston Villa · Striker #20Ings comes off for Villa, and Leon Bailey replaces him on the left wing.,0
Marc CucurellaBrighton · Midfielder #3Cucurella's been busy all game down the left for Brighton, and he's replaced by Solly March.,0
Nakamba shoves Lamptey over and catches the Brighton man on the way down, and the not-so-marvelous challenge sees the Villa midfielder put into the book.,2
uendia cuts inside looking to create an opportunity, before he's tugged from behind and brought down by Cucurella. The Spanish wing-back receives the game's first booking as a result.,2
Callum WilsonNewcastle · Striker #9Wilson comes off for Gayle in a late substitution.,0
It's 2-0!!! Guimaraes doubles his side's lead as Arsenal's Champions League dreams look to be in tatters. A through ball from Burn to Wilson sees Ramsdale rush out of his goal. The goalkeeper manages to tip the ball away from Wilson but it ends up at the feet of Guimaraes, who fires home despite Cedric's last-ditch attempt to clear it off the line.,1
Nuno TavaresArsenal · Defender #20Tavares is replaced by Lacazette in an attacking change by Arteta.,0
Fabian SchärNewcastle · Defender #5Lascelles comes on in place of Schar.,0
Nketiah goes in the book for an aerial foul on Schar. The Swiss defender has come off badly here, and there's some concern.,2
Takehiro TomiyasuArsenal · Defender #18Tomiyasu does indeed make way, as Cedric comes on to replace him.,0
hite is the first player to go in the book, for a foul on Wilson.,2
sst: I. AlejoGOAALLLLLL! CADIZ FIND A LATE WINNER! 3-2 CADIZ! Alcaraz dribbles forward, laying the ball down the right to Alejo. He then whips it across towards Sobrino who bundles it into the net from close range. There was a short check to see if the ball struck the arm of the striker but the goal is given.,1
elix gets a yellow card after smashing the ball into the crowd. He is annoyed that he missed the target with a header.,2
sst: A. GriezmannGOAALLLLLLL! FELIX SCORES! 2-2! The substitute has made a big impact. Playing a role in the first, he drills the ball into the bottom corner from outside the box to find an equalising goal. Griezmann squared the ball across to him after receiving the ball from De Paul. The celebration is muted, running back to his own half hoping his side can complete the comeback.,1
sst: SaúlGOALLLL! ATLETICO GET ONE BACK! 2-1! The ball loops towards Felix off the head of Espino. With the ball dropping, his overhead kick deflects off of Hernandez and into the net.,1
sst: A. EspinoGOAALLLLLL! FERNANDEZ SCORES! 2-0 CADIZ! The game is surely beyond Atletico now. On the left of the box, Espino chips it over to Fernandez who takes one touch before crashing it off the bar and into the net.,1
Anthony LozanoCádiz · Striker #9Substitution in the Cadiz attack. Lozano is replaced by Perez.,0
Théo BongondaCádiz · Midfielder #10Bongonda may have scored the winner. He is being replaced by Peralta.,0
Emeterio gets a yellow card after a late challenge on Cunha around the halfway line.,2
ondogbia receives the first yellow card of the game after a crunching challenge on Bongonda. The home fans cheer the decision.,2
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Carrasco, who has been Atletico's best player, has been taken off. He is replaced by Griezmann.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Correa is given a rest. Felix comes on in his place.,0
Momo MbayeCádiz · Defender #5Mbaye is forced off and is replaced by Chust.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Early substitution for Atletico. The injured Morata is replaced by Cunha.,0
Asst: A. EspinoGOALLLLLL! WHAT A START! 1-0 CADIZ! The home side have the lead. Espino bursts down the left before cutting the ball back towards Bongonda. Running onto it, he slams the ball into the bottom corner past Oblak. With just 27 seconds on the clock, that's the fastest LaLiga goal this season.,1
Samuel UmtitiBarcelona · Defender #23Umtiti, who has had a bit of a shocker today, is replaced by Trincao late on.,0
Asst: ÓliverGOOOOAAAALLL!!! SEVILLA 2-0 BARCELONA!! Rakitic nets against his former club to give Sevilla a two-goal advantage! A simple ball over the top undoes Barca and Rakitic, kept onside by Umtiti, keeps his cool when one-on-one with Ter Stegen.,1
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Koeman makes his first change of the contest, with Puig on for Pedri in central midfield.,0
Vidal is the latest player to be cautioned for what seems to be dissent.,2
SusoSevilla · Midfielder #7Suso, who is perhaps fortunate not to have given away a penalty, makes way for Torres late on.,0
Joan JordánSevilla · Midfielder #8Gudelj is on for Jordan in the fourth of Sevilla's changes. Lopetegui has one more substitution available.,0
Papu GómezSevilla · Midfielder #24Rekik replaces Gomez, who failed to get away any shots today but did play a couple of key passes.,0
Youssef En-NesyriSevilla · Striker #15De Jong takes over from En-Nesyri up top in the third of Sevilla's changes.,0
Sergio EscuderoSevilla · Defender #18Lopetegui has made a triple substitution with a little over 20 minutes to go. Munir is on for Escudero in the first of those changes.,0
Sevilla skipper Escudero lunges in on Dembele and is rightly issued with a yellow card.,2
essi puts his arm across the face of Jordan, but it is the Sevilla midfielder who is cautioned for blocking the run of the Barcelona forward.,2
Barcelona full-back Alba is issued the first yellow card of the contest right at the end of the first half.,2
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! SEVILLA 1-0 BARCELONA!! Kounde gave Barca a warning with his shot a little earlier and has now punished the visitors with the breakthrough goal. The defender knocks the ball past Umtiti and calmly fires away from Ter Stegen, who gets something to the shot but is unable to keep it out.,1
Jonathan IkonéLOSC · Striker #10A final change for Lille with Ikone making way for Domagoj Bradaric.,0
ED CARD FOR DJALO! The Lille defender is also given his marching orders for provoking Neymar's reaction with those challenges.,3
RED CARD FOR NEYMAR! The Brazilian is dismissed for a second bookable offence after retaliating to a couple of nibbles from Djalo.,3
ollowing a brief tussle between several players from both teams, Mbappe is booked for his part.,2
Renato SanchesLOSC · Midfielder #18Lille also turn to the bench with Burak Yilmaz replacing Sanches.,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27Another substitution for PSG sees Rafinha introduced in favour of Gueye.,0
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18Julian Draxler is also given the nod by the manager. Kean is withdrawn.,0
Thilo KehrerPSG · Defender #4Colin Dagba also comes on with Kehrer making way.,0
Abdou DialloPSG · Defender #22A triple-change from PSG. The first sees Mitchel Bakker replace Diallo.,0
Diallo catches Ikone with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
Neymar and Andre are involved in an altercation, before the PSG forward is booked for pushing his opponent in the face.,2
Jonathan DavidLOSC · Striker #9Lille forced into an early change as David is unable to continue. Timothy Weah comes on in his place.,0
sst: J. IkonéDAVID!!! 1-0 LILLE! The visitors lead at the Parc des Princes! Ikone leads the charge with a powerful run down the right. The French international then squares the ball for David, who takes a touch before his shot deflects past a helpless Navas.,1
David the victim again, with Gueye receiving a yellow card on this occasion.,2
onte receives the game's first yellow card for a late challenge on Diallo.,2
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9And that change for Leeds sees Struijk replacing Bamford.,0
amford is being taken off, but he gets involved in an argument on his way off the pitch. He's booked for dissent.,2
IRPO IS OFF! Schar plays another brilliant long ball over the top and Gordon is running onto it. Firpo gets tight to him, clumsily clipping his heels to take off his boot and give away a free-kick to the right of the D. Gordon was the last man, and it looks to be a straight red, despite the Spaniard having already been booked. Leeds have to play six added minutes with 10 men!,3
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19And for Leeds, it's Aaronson that's coming on for Rodrigo.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Both teams are making a change here, starting with Newcastle. Willock is going off, with Anderson replacing him.,0
KRISTENSEN EQUALISES! They win their first corner of the second half and it's very scruffy as two shots are blocked and Newcastle can't clear their lines. It bounces out to Kristensen on the edge of the box, who takes his time before volleying a shot just inside the near post, with a big deflection off Trippier completely catching out Pope. 2-2!,1
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24And Almiron is also making way, with Gordon replacing him.,0
Callum WilsonNewcastle · Striker #9Wilson does now go off, without the chance to get a hat-trick. Saint-Maximin is on for him.,0
he board has gone up to show that Wilson is going off, but he's taking his time to leave the field. He's booked for time-wasting.,2
enalty GoalWILSON SCORES AGAIN! He had to wait a long time to take it as Leeds did their best to put him off, but it didn't matter! Last time, he went low into the bottom corner, but this one is fired straight down the middle and into the roof of the net. The keeper went the saw way as last time, but gets nowhere near this one. 2-1 Newcastle!,1
Robles was doing his best to put off the taking of the penalty and after the referee has to usher him back to his line, he's booked for it.,2
Gnonto is still protesting that Firpo was fouled before he handled the ball, and he crosses a line which sees him go into the referee's book.,2
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Striker #11Second change for Leeds now. Harrison is taken off, with Gnonto on in his place.,0
irpo pulled Almiron back before lunging into a challenge on Guimaraes. It could've been worse as he catches the Brazilian on his foot and not much higher. He's booked and VAR chooses not to upgrade it.,2
McKennie gets across to Guimaraes on the halfway line, but doesn't make any contact and the Brazilian goes to ground. He's shown the first yellow card of the game for diving.,2
Sam GreenwoodLeeds United · Midfielder #42Leeds are making a change at the start of the second half. Greenwood goes off, with Forshaw on in his place.,0
enalty GoalWILSON EQUALISES! He runs up to the spot with confidence and rifles his penalty straight into the bottom left corner. Robles does go the right way, but he can't stretch to reach it and Newcastle are level just three minutes after they could've been two goals down. 1-1!,1
YLING SCORES! Bamford and Harrison link up well down the left, with the striker surging away from Trippier to clip a good cross into the middle. Rodrigo rises highest to glance a header on and Pope gets down to push it away but only gets it as far as Ayling. He makes no mistake as he fires it into the top corner. 1-0 Leeds!,1
Ceppitelli is rightly booked for pulling Meite's shirt after being turned.,2
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #21Conti is on for Milan, replacing Diaz who looked a threat in patches.,0
odin is yellow carded for his protests in the aftermath of the penalty appeal.,2
Giovanni SimeoneCagliari · Striker #9It's a double change for Cagliari as Cerri comes on for Simeone who endured a frustrating game.,0
Gabriele ZappaCagliari · Defender #25That is Zappa's final act as he is replaced by Pavoletti.,0
RED CARD! Saelemaekers receives his marching orders after pulling back Ceppitelli as he looked to break. The Milan midfielder lasted less than 10 minutes.,3
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8Meite is on for Milan, replacing Tonali for the final 20 minutes or so.,0
Alfred DuncanCagliari · Midfielder #32It's another change for Cagliari as Duncan is replaced by Oliva. ,0
He's been on less than two minutes but Saelemaekers is already in the book after a high challenge on Zappa.,2
Jens Petter HaugeMilan · Midfielder #15Pioli makes another change as Saelemaekers replaces Hauge.,0
Asst: D. CalabriaGOAAAALLLLL! MILAN LEAD 2-0! It's that man again Ibrahimovic. The Swede is found with a brilliant ball over the top before bringing it down perfectly and slotting past Cragno. The linesman raises his flag much to the striker's disbelief before VAR officials inform the referee the goal should stand. 2-0!,1
Simon KjærMilan · Defender #24The visitors have made a change at the break with Kyatengwa replacing Kjaer who must have taken a knock.,0
Romagnoli earns the first booking of the game after wrestling Simeone to the ground right in front of the referee.,2
Penalty GoalGOAAALLLLLL! IBRAHIMOVIC CONVERTS! The veteran striker steps up and makes no mistake, sending Cragno the wrong way to give Milan the perfect start! 1-0!,1
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9Guardiola gives Grealish around five minutes to impress or rub salt into his former club's wounds.,0
Marvelous NakambaAston Villa · Midfielder #19Gerrard freshens up his midfield as Nakamba makes way for Sanson.,0
Matt TargettAston Villa · Defender #3Targett looks a little groggy as he leaves the field. Gerrard turns to Chukwuemeka for the final 23 minutes of the match.,0
Asst: D. LuizGOAAAALLLL - ASTON VILLA 1-2 MANCHESTER CITY - Watkins gives Villa hope as he steers his shot into the bottom corner past Ederson. The Villa striker broke free from his marker at the near post, and he drove Douglas Luiz's corner into the back of the net. GAME ON!,1
Asst: G. JesusOOOO MYYY WORRRDDDDD - ASTON VILLA 0-2 MANCHESTER CITY - Bernardo Silva that is outrageous. Guardiola's men managed to snatch the ball back on the edge of their own box before then charging down the right wing on the counter-attack. Jesus broke free, and Villa's defence were at sixes and sevens, allowing Silva to break free at the far post. Jesus' floating pass picked him out, and Silva did the rest as he smashed his volley past Martinez.,1
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Striker #31Bailey's night is over already, with Young now on in his place.,0
sst: R. SterlingGOAAALLLLL - ASTON VILLA 0-1 MAN CITY - Dias fires City into the lead, and it is no less than the away side deserves. Sterling's pass was perfectly timed for Dias, who ran onto the ball and whipped a left-footed shot into the bottom corner. Dias does not score many, so he has every right to celebrate that strike! ,1
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33De Ketelaere comes on for a seven-minute cameo. Bennacer is recalled to the bench.,0
Kim Min-jaeNapoli · Defender #3With the result seemingly out of reach, Spalletti makes a change in defence to give Kim a bit of rest. Jesus enters the fray.,0
Giovanni SimeoneNapoli · Striker #18Raspadori is given a chance to impress, with Simeone making way.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Rebic gets 16 minutes to stretch his legs, with Giroud given the rest of the night off.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17In come the substitutes for Milan, with Pioli looking to rest some of his starters. The first is in attack, with Origi replacing Leao.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20A swap in midfield for the Partenopei sees Ndombele give Zielinski an early rest.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Elmas comes on for Lobotka immediately after Napoli concede the fourth.,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Spalletti continues to make changes as Lozano is also sent on for Politano.,0
Asst: D. CalabriaIT GETS BETTER FOR THE VISITORS! 4-0! INCREDIBLE! Saelemaekers picks up possession of the ball in a central area just over 20 yards from goal and proceeds to slalom through four Napoli defenders, using a clever skill to get past Kim before dispatching a shot that gets through the legs of Meret!,1
Krunic barges Politano over with his shoulder, sending the Napoli winger to the ground holding his face. It’s a yellow card for the Milan midfielder.,2
Asst: S. TonaliLEAO CONTINUES TO TORMENT THE NAPOLI DEFENCE! 3-0! SENSATIONAL! It’s a brilliant goal from the Milan winger, who latches onto Tonali’s leading pass on the left wing following a turnover in possession in midfield. The Portugal international twists and turns to get the better of three Napoli defenders before lashing a strike that leaves Meret no chance!,1
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10A first change of the match goes the way of Milan, who replace Diaz with Saelemaekers.,0
Rui is brought down just outside the penalty area by Diaz, who wins the ball cleanly according to the referee. The goal scorer then turns around and bursts away from his own penalty area, where he’s halted by a heavy Lobotka tackle. It’s a yellow card for the Napoli midfielder - the second booking of the match.,2
iroud's ungainly sliding challenge takes down Politano and earns the striker a yellow card - in his first match back from suspension.,2
MILAN DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Leao plays a one-two with Giroud on the edge of the area, before playing Bennacer into space down the left wing. The Algeria international puts a good cross into the area for Diaz, who brings it down and fakes a shot to get past a sliding Rui before depositing his shot in the back of the goal!,1
Asst: B. DíazLEAO GETS BACK ON THE SCORE SHEET! 1-0! Diaz shows a nifty bit of trickery to get past two defenders on the right wing before playing a perfectly weighted pass into the channel for Leao. The winger takes a first touch to draw Meret off his line before executing a fantastic chip to beat the goalkeeper!,1
Aspas takes his shirt off in celebration and is booked. It briefly appears as though he has been shown a red card, but the referee realises he has displayed the wrong card and books the striker instead.,2
GOOAAALLLL!!! ASPAS! That could be a massive goal in the title race! It's 2-2! From a similar position to Messi's first-half assist, Aspas curls in a wonderful free-kick, keeping his shot hard and low and deceiving a static Ter Stegen. Celta are back on terms.,1
Riqui PuigBarcelona · Midfielder #28Puig has impressed on his first league start of the season but now makes way for Arthur.,0
Braithwaite fouls Vazquez by the touchline and gets a booking, although the set-piece comes to nothing.,2
Luis SuárezBarcelona · Striker #9Luis Suarez will not get his hat-trick as he is replaced by Griezmann, giving Barca a little more energy in attack late in the game.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Barca are also making a couple of changes. Alba is off for Firpo.,0
Jacobo GonzálezCelta Vigo · Midfielder #29Celta make another change as Gonzalez bows out. Mina is his replacement.,0
Néstor AraujoCelta Vigo · Defender #4Murillo is another former Barca man and comes on for Araujo, who has been booked.,0
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Striker #31Barca now make their first change, perhaps surprisingly withdrawing the effective Fati for Braithwaite.,0
sst: L. MessiGOOAAALLLL!!! LUIS SUAREZ! It's that man again, with a huge goal for Barca! 2-1! The striker collects a touch from Messi and spins in the area before arrowing a low shot into the bottom-left corner. Clinical.,1
raujo fouls Luis Suarez, collecting a yellow card and giving up a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Fedor SmolovCelta Vigo · Striker #9Smolov, the goalscorer, also makes way, with Nolito introduced.,0
Brais MéndezCelta Vigo · Midfielder #23Celta make a triple change as they attempt to slow Barca. Bradaric is on for Mendez.,0
Okay YokuşluCelta Vigo · Midfielder #5Yokuslu, who provided the pass for the goal, is also off, as Rafinha faces his parent club.,0
Umtiti chops down Gonzalez and goes into the book as Barca urgently try to get back on top.,2
sst: O. YokuşluGOOAAALLLL!!! SMOLOV! It's 1-1! Celta are level with a beautifully crafted goal. Yokuslu is sent clear by an outstanding Aspas pass and then takes his time before squaring for Smolov to turn a finish past Ter Stegen. Barca have work to do!,1
Mendez is the first Celta player booked for a foul on Rakitic inside his own half.,2
sst: L. MessiGOOAAALLLL!!! LUIS SUAREZ! What a wonderful Barca free-kick! It's 1-0! Messi appears to be lining up a shot on the edge of the area but instead lifts a gorgeous cross to his strike partner at the far post. Onside due to the two defenders on the line, Luis Suarez heads in.,1
Alba is the first man into the book for a poor challenge on Mendez, appearing to catch his opponent with an elbow.,2
Asst: Lucas PaquetáGOOOOAAALLL!!! West Ham seal the victory, and perhaps the Premier League fate of Leeds United too! A late corner doesn't appear to be taken seriously by either side, as it's played short by the Hammers. Paqueta simply dribbles through several half-challenges from Leeds defenders, bypassing Kristensen and cutting the ball back to Lanzini, who fires it home to make it 3-1! Leeds look spent, and this game almost sums up the torrid season they've experienced in West Yorkshire.,1
Danny IngsWest Ham · Striker #18Ings also comes off, and youngster Divin Mubama is on for the final few minutes in only his third league appearance for West Ham.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8More late changes coming for West Ham, as Fornals comes off for Ben Johnson to add defensive reinforcements for the Hammers.,0
och is all over Coufal as he tries to get to Robles' long ball forward, and the Leeds defender is shown a yellow card late on for the foul.,2
Weston McKennieLeeds United · Midfielder #28McKennie has been one of Leeds' best performers in this game, but comes off late for Marc Roca to slot into the base of their midfield.,0
Pascal StruijkLeeds United · Defender #21Struijk also comes off for the Peacocks, with Sam Greenwood entering the fray as another attacking option.,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20Bowen comes off having scored the goal which looks set to win this game, and the West Ham winger is replaced by Manuel Lanzini for the final few minutes.,0
Emerson cuts inside looking for options, but is clattered to the ground by Rodrigo. He's shown a yellow card, as Leeds' hopes of victory and survival continue to wither away.,2
Summerville and Ogbonna collide in mid-air when contesting a high ball, and the West Ham defender falls very awkwardly, with Summerville being shown a yellow card for his part in the challenge.,2
Asst: D. IngsGOOOOOAAALLL!!! West Ham take the lead!!! Ings cuts inside and slips Bowen behind the defence with a reverse pass. Bowen glides through untouched and stabs the ball low, beating an onrushing Robles as it rolls into the bottom corner!! 2-1 to West Ham, and Leeds are now staring relegation in the face - they simply have to win here if they're to control their final day destiny.,1
Ing's shot from just inside the box is blocked and Summerville looks to spark a counter-attack. He's pulled back by Paqueta though, and the West Ham midfielder is shown a yellow card.,2
Adam ForshawLeeds United · Midfielder #4Forshaw also comes off, with Brenden Aaronson brought on to provide another attacking option in midfield for Leeds.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Striker #11Leeds make their first tactical changes of the half, with Crysencio Summerville replacing Harrison out wide for the visitors.,0
Kurt ZoumaWest Ham · Defender #4A slight knock for Zouma means he won't be back for the second half, and Thilo Kehrer is on to slot into central defence for West Ham.,0
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Bamford picked up a knock in the move prior to West Ham's equaliser, and can't continue. Wilfried Gnonto will be his replacement for Leeds, likely pushing Rodrigo into a central position and Harrison to the right wing.,0
Asst: J. BowenGOOOOAAALLL!!! The captain equalises for the Hammers!! Bowen drives forward and plays a smart one-two with Fornals in the box. He volleys the return ball towards the back post, where Rice arrives late to squeeze a volley off the ground and into the roof of the net!! 1-1 at the London Stadium, and Leeds have it all to do again if they're to climb out of the bottom three!,1
Asst: W. McKennieGOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Leeds take the lead with a belter!! Another long throw is launched into the area by McKennie, with the West Ham box crowded. No-one's picked up Rodrigo lurking on the edge though, and the striker makes a late run to smash a volley into the top corner! A precious, precious goal in Leeds' fight for survival, and their top scorer comes to the fore once again!,1
ali, who was felled by that Carvajal challenge, is also in the referee's face, and he gets a late booking too.,2
Hernandez demands a Cadiz free-kick for a challenge which looked more likely to go the other way, and the Cadiz centre-back is shown a yellow card for dissent by the referee.,2
Oussama IdrissiCádiz · Midfielder #11Idrissi has been simply unplayable at times, but comes off for Anthony Lozano having put in one hell of an attacking shift.,0
lcaraz is late to a Madrid ball forward, catching Hazard late to concede a free-kick in a good shooting position for Los Blancos.,2
Carcelen drags Hazard to ground as the winger advances over halfway, and the Cadiz substitute is booked.,2
Mariano DíazReal Madrid · Striker #24Real's goalscorer Mariano comes off, and on comes Juan Latasa for his first-team Madrid debut!,0
Negredo lunges in for a 50-50 with Casemiro, catching the Brazilian quite late and being booked for his troubles.,2
Carlos AkapoCádiz · Defender #15Akapo can't continue, and is sadly replaced by Isaac Carcelen.,0
azard lunges in on Akapo as the Cadiz right-back looks to shoot on the half-volley, and it's a really nasty one from the Belgian winger.,2
Álex FernándezCádiz · Midfielder #8Cadiz captain Fernandez comes off, and he's replaced by Jose Mari.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde's the next Los Blancos midfielder to come off, replaced by Dani Ceballos.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo's dribbling skills set up the first goal, and he comes off for a player with those in abundance, in the form of one Eden Hazard.,0
Jesús VallejoReal Madrid · Defender #5Vallejo also comes off, and Dani Carvajal will replace him.,0
obrino is sandwiched between Kroos and Nacho, being brought to ground by the latter, who is booked.,2
Kroos is clipped very late by Sobrino, and the Cadiz goalscorer is booked.,2
GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!! What an equaliser!!!! Militao heads an aerial ball away from the box, but Sobrino picks it up, cutting across the box before smashing a shot beyond Lunin, off the crossbar, and into the back of the net! 1-1, and this game is proving to be a classic!,1
Asst: RodrygoGOOOAAAALLLL!!! Real score first!!! After repelling five minutes of Cadiz attack, back come Real as Rodrygo bursts down the left. He evades tackle after tackle before squaring to Mariano in the box, and the striker taps home an easy finish to put Los Blancos 1-0 up!,1
Asst: L. DíazGOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! GAKPO MAKES THE POINTS SAFE FOR LIVERPOOL! The visitors have four, and yet again, it's poor defending from Collins. He fails to deal with a long ball down the right channel, then there's another error as Ghoddos allows Diaz's pass to slip under his boot and reach Gakpo. He makes no mistake when bearing down on Flekken, opening up his body to finish on his left foot – 4-1!,1
Sergio ReguilónBrentford · Midfielder #12Frank responds by using his final change. Ghoddos is back from the Asian Cup, and he replaces Reguilon.,0
Conor BradleyLiverpool · Defender #84Gomez, meanwhile, is on for Bradley. Klopp wraps his young full-back in cotton wool after seeing Alexander-Arnold ruled out of next week's cup final.,0
Alexis Mac AllisterLiverpool · Midfielder #10Here come those Liverpool changes. Elliott is on for one of the goalscorers, the impressive Mac Allister.,0
GOOOAAAALL! TONEY GETS ONE BACK! That's more like it from Brentford! Wissa darts onto a ball down the right-hand channel and finds Reguilon with his cutback, despite being caught late by Konate. The left wing-back sees his shot brilliantly saved by Kelleher, but Toney is on hand to side-foot the rebound home. It's 3-1 – they couldn't, could they?,1
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Frank makes his fourth change as Damsgaard replaces Jensen.,0
Onyeka is booked for his challenge on Endo, further irritating the home fans.,2
Asst: C. GakpoGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! SALAH ADDS A THIRD! That is surely game over as Liverpool punish some abysmal Brentford defending! Kelleher sends a straightforward kick up into the Brentford half, where Gakpo outjumps Ajer to glance it on. Both Collins and Mee hesitate and end up leaving the loose ball to Salah, who bustles into the area, holds off his marker and finishes across Flekken. 3-0 to the leaders – they are going five points clear!,1
ndo becomes the first Liverpool player to see yellow for a foul on halfway.,2
Mads RoerslevBrentford · Midfielder #30In fact, Frank will make it a triple change, with Lewis-Potter on for Roerslev in a positive switch.,0
Neal MaupayBrentford · Striker #7Wissa, meanwhile, is on for Maupay. He might feel hard done by, having been a menace to Liverpool's defence from the off.,0
Christian NørgaardBrentford · Midfielder #6We're going to see the returns of Brentford's two African stars. Onyeka is on for Norgaard in midfield.,0
Asst: M. SalahGOOOOOOAAAAAAALLL! MAC ALLISTER MAKES IT 2-0! Liverpool have the second goal they have been threatening since the restart! Salah is at the heart of it, taking in Gravenberch's pass before finding Mac Allister's run with a terrific ball into the box. The Argentine's first touch takes the ball between the legs of Collins, then he slides his finish past the helpless Flekken. Great goal!,1
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #9Klopp has made a third change at the break, introducing Gakpo for goalscorer Nunez. Reds fans will be hoping that is not another fitness concern – with two of his three substitution windows used up, it could just be smart management from Klopp.,0
There's the first booking of the game, and it goes to Reguilon. The Tottenham loanee dives into a poor challenge on Bradley, catching the youngster on the top of his boot, and deservedly sees yellow.,2
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Jota is carried off on a stretcher as Salah enters the fray. We will likely have a lengthy amount of first-half stoppage time now.,0
sst: D. JotaGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! NUNEZ WITH A LOVELY FINISH! What a counterattack from Liverpool! Brentford load the box from a deep free-kick, with Van Dijk hammering a clearance away as the Bees look to make something of a flick-on. There's just one Brentford defender back as Jota wins a clever header to release Nunez one-on-one, and the Uruguayan nonchalantly scoops the ball over Flekken! 1-0!,1
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Gravenberch enters the action for Liverpool as Jones makes his way around the pitch and towards the tunnel. With the EFL Cup final on the horizon and Alexander-Arnold and Szoboszlai out, that is a real worry for Klopp.,0
Buendia is shown a yellow card for trying to edge closer to the free-kick while standing in the wall.,2
Todd CantwellNorwich City · Midfielder #14Norwich's third and final change sees Stiepermann enter the fray in place of Cantwell.,0
Jonny OttoWolves · Midfielder #19Jonny is unable to continue following Godfrey's late challenge on him, and this sees Vinagre return from his injury lay-off to replace him.,0
odfrey is shown a yellow card for catching Jonny's foot as he went to kick the ball. However, there will be a VAR check for a potenial red card...,2
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Wolves make their second change as Traore comes on to replace Jimenez.,0
Coady is shown a yellow card for his sliding challenge on Drmic which led to him picking up a knock.,2
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Wolves make their first change as double goalscorer Jota is replaced by Neto.,0
Ondrej DudaNorwich City · Midfielder #25Norwich's second switch sees Duda replaced by Drmic.,0
Lukas RuppNorwich City · Midfielder #7Norwich make a double change with the first swap seeing Buendia enter the fray in place of Rupp.,0
OOOAL! Jimenez makes it 3-0 to Wolves! Jimenez slides a pass through to Jota on the right-hand side of the box, and the striker is denied his second hat-trick of the week as he sees his strike rocket off the post. However, the rebound then falls to Jimenez who bundles the ball into an empty net!,1
outinho runs on to the ball in midfield before threading a neat pass through to Jota, but the striker goes down under the challenge of Aarons on the edge of the box and the referee awards a free-kick. Aarons is booked for his foul.,2
imenez is shown the first yellow card of the match following a foul on Cantwell.,2
Asst: R. SaïssGOOOAL! Jota makes it 2-0! Wolves’ corner is played out to Moutinho who swings in a delivery which is flicked towards the back post, and Saiss is there waiting to volley a delivery across the face of goal which Jota taps into an empty net.,1
Asst: M. DohertyGOOOAL! Jota makes it 1-0 to Wolves! Doherty latches on to a loose ball in the box before poking it through to Jota, and the striker controls it on the turn before drilling his powerful strike underneath Krul.,1
De Jong and Balliu collide after the Barca midfielder has released a pass, but the clash sees De Jong pick up a somewhat harsh booking!,2
Felix goes down look to win a free-kick on halfway, but the decision goes the other way and the Portuguese forward is shown a yellow card of his own!,2
ancelo flicks the ball past Falcao and looks to run onto it, but is taken out late by the striker in a challenge that wouldn't even be legal on a rugby field! The substitute goes into the book, as the clock ticks over into minute 90.,2
Unai LópezRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #17Lopez's sweetly-struck volley is still the difference between these two sides, and he comes off to a hero's applause as he's replaced late on by Andrei Ratiu.,0
Sergio CamelloRayo Vallecano · Striker #34The Rayito make an alteration up front, with Radamel Falcao replacing Camello in the hope of adding to their slender 1-0 advantage.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8Both sides make further changes with just 15 minutes left on the clock, as La Masia product Fermin Lopez enters the fray for Barca in place of Pedri.,0
Lamine YamalBarcelona · Midfielder #27Raphinha is also brought off the bench for the final stages, replacing Yamal in a like-for-like switch on the right flank.,0
Abdul MuminRayo Vallecano · Defender #16Pathe Ciss will also see out the game for the hosts, replacing Mumin in a change that could see some switches in the back-line.,0
Lopez is all over De Jong as the Barcelona midfielder makes a run from deep, somehow dragging the Dutchman down and making a sliding tackle in the same movement that gifts the visitors a free-kick on the edge of the box! The Vallecano goalscorer also goes into the book for his troubles.,2
Jorge de FrutosRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #19De Frutos also comes off, and former Manchester United striker Bebe, who is loving scoring late goals this season, will replace him for the final 20 or so minutes of this contest.,0
Óscar TrejoRayo Vallecano · Striker #8Rayo Vallecano make their first changes of the match, with Trejo replaced up front by Kike Perez, who is on loan from city rivals Real Madrid.,0
Pedri dribbles his way through the defence down that right-hand side, but is dragged to ground by Espino racing back in cover. The left-back is shown the yellow card, and it's another chance for Barca to get the ball into the box.,2
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Midfielder #7Torres also comes off having recently missed that headed effort, and on-loan Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix will take his place in the front three.,0
Oriol RomeuBarcelona · Midfielder #18Having been booked early in the second half, Romeu comes off in Barca's first change, and İlkay Gundogan's introduction will likely see De Jong drop to the base of their midfield three.,0
A well-worked Barcelona attack is cut out brilliantly by Espino, who tees up De Frutos to set off on the counter-attack. He's stopped in his tracks though by Romeu barging him to ground off the ball, and the Blaugrana midfielder picks up a textbook yellow card.,2
GOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! The hosts open the scoring with an absolute belter!!! Lopez crosses the free-kick into the box, and after an initial headed clearance, Trejo's effort on the rebound is blocked. The ball bounces back out to Lopez, who drills a fantastic half-volley of his own towards goal, skimming over the top of the grass and arrowing right into the bottom corner! A scrambling Pena can't get there, as Rayo go 1-0 up thanks to the sweetest shot that Lopez will ever hit in his life!,1
edri loses out to Lopez on halfway but leaves a foot in and catches the Rayo midfielder. He's shown the first yellow card of the game for the challenge, as both sides continue to cancel each other out so far.,2
Moreno surges past Casemiro and is pulled back cynically by the Brazilian. He doesn't even attempt to play the ball. The referee can even afford a laugh as he books the Madrid man.,2
Giovani Lo CelsoVillarreal · Striker #17Lo Celso's first start for Villarreal comes to an end after a fine outing. He is withdrawn for Aurier.,0
MarceloReal Madrid · Defender #12Nacho comes on to shore up the Madrid backline for the closing stages. Marcelo was off the boil from the first minute today.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Hazard is the next man off the bench for the visitors as he replaces Vinicius. On another day, Vinicius perhaps would have taken his opening.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde is withdrawn from the action and is replaced by Modric.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11Rodrygo replaces Asensio in the final third for the visitors. Los Blancos need a spark from someone from the bench.,0
Gareth BaleReal Madrid · Striker #18Jovic replaces Bale, who had at least three chances to put Madrid ahead in the contest.,0
Samuel ChukwuezeVillarreal · Midfielder #11Chukwueze had a great first half, but faded in the second. Pino replaces the winger.,0
Alfonso PedrazaVillarreal · Defender #24Estupinan enters the field at left-back for the home side to replace Pedraza.,0
Arnaut DanjumaVillarreal · Striker #15Dia replaces Danjuma, who was nullified by the Madrid backline in the second half.,0
Vicente IborraVillarreal · Midfielder #10Iborra makes way for Trigueros for the home side in the middle of the park.,0
lbiol brings down Vinicius on the charge and goes into the book. Madrid will feel that the defender should have been cautioned a lot earlier. The visitors have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Bale clips the heels of Lo Celso on the charge in the Madrid half and goes into the book.,2
Asensio catches Iborra on the ankle after over-running the ball. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2
ilitao goes into the book for a melee with Foyth following an incident regarding Carvajal and Lo Celso.,2
Asst: S. DestGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! AGUERO NOTCHES HIS FIRST BARCA GOAL!!!! 2-1!!! Barca have a goal back as Aguero scores his first goal for the Catalan club, but it appears too little too late. Dest surges down the right flank and whips a dangerous cross into the middle. Aguero pounces and steers his strike into the left corner of the net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! VAZQUEZ CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 2-0 MADRID!!! The visitors surely wrap up the game as Vazquez is on the spot to pounce on a rebound to score on the slide from six yards. Asensio is played into space down the left-inside channel and he fires low and hard at goal. Ter Stegen produces the save, but Vazquez displays the hunger to get there ahead of Alba to score on the rebound with an outstretched boot.,1
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde has to make way with an injury after only arriving as a sub in the second half. Carvajal replaces the midfielder.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Vinicius makes his way off the field and is replaced in the final third by Asensio. The Brazilian is not receiving a warm reception from the Barcelona fans as he trudges off.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Gavi is withdrawn in the closing stages and is replaced by De Jong.,0
Mendy goes into the book for timewasting for the visitors from a throw-in.,2
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21Sergi Roberto enters the action to replace De Jong in the Barcelona midfield.,0
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Striker #10Fati is withdrawn for the final 16 minutes as Aguero enters the action. It would be timely for the Argentine to notch his first Barca goal today.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Valverde replaces Rodrygo in the Madrid midfield as Ancelotti looks to shore up his line-up.,0
ique protests to the referee about the decision and goes into the book.,2
Óscar MinguezaBarcelona · Defender #22Koeman has altered his attacking options at the break. Coutinho replaces Mingueza, which will see Dest drop back into the defence.,0
sst: RodrygoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ALABA SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 MADRID!!! Los Blancos score the perfect counterattacking goal with Alaba providing a sublime finish on his left foot. Alaba starts the move by dispossessing Depay on the edge of the Madrid box before breaking upfield. Rodrygo takes possession and cuts open the Barca defence with an incisive pass towards Alaba in the left-inside channel. He takes a touch before rifling his strike into the top-right corner.,1
Juan MataMan United · Midfielder #8Savage also makes his debut for the Red Devils as he replaces Mata.,0
Jesse LingardMan United · Midfielder #14Iqbal makes his United bow as he replaces Lingard.,0
Meschak EliaYoung Boys · Striker #15Maier enters the action to replace Elia for the closing stages of the game.,0
Shoretire nudges Elia to the deck as the forward runs at the United defence. The substitute goes into the book.,2
Mohamed Ali CamaraYoung Boys · Defender #4Lauper replaces Camara at the back for the visitors for the closing stages.,0
Amad DialloMan United · Midfielder #16Shoretire replaces Diallo in the final third for the home side.,0
Dean HendersonMan United · Goalkeeper #26Rangnick makes the curious decision to withdraw Henderson. Heaton replaces the keeper, making his first United appearance at the age of 35.,0
Jordan PefokYoung Boys · Striker #17Kanga enters the action to replace Siebatcheu as the Young Boys spearhead.,0
Fabian RiederYoung Boys · Midfielder #32The goalscorer Rieder is replaced by Hefti in the middle of the park.,0
Michel AebischerYoung Boys · Midfielder #20Aebischer is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Sierro.,0
Luke ShawMan United · Defender #23Mengi replaces Shaw at left-back for the home side.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!! RIEDER SCORES A STUNNER!!!!!! 1-1!!!!!! Young Boys are back in the game courtesy of a fine strike from Rieder. Van de Beek gifts possession to the midfielder on the edge of the United box. Rieder gets the ball out of his feet before curling a right-footed attempt away from Henderson into the top-right corner.,1
Asst: L. ShawWHAT A GOAL!!!!!! GREENWOOD VOLLEYS HOME!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!! The home side take the lead through a super strike from Greenwood on the volley. United build down the left flank before Shaw lifts a cross into the box. Greenwood finds space to take on the volley first-time on his left foot, finding the bottom-left corner with a crisp finish. A fine goal from the England international.,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Palace make their second change as Townsend replaces Ayew. Ayew has put in a good shift today but lacked any real threat in the final third.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #25Palace make their first change as Eze is replaced by Schlupp.,0
Matthew PhillipsWest Brom · Midfielder #10The Baggies make their second change of the match with Phillips being replaced by Snodgrass.,0
Matheus PereiraWest Brom · Midfielder #12West Brom make their first substitution as Pereira is replaced by Robson-Kanu as they look to find an equaliser.,0
Eze picks up the first booking for Palace for a late challenge on Townsend.,2
enalty GoalGOALLL! After a short VAR check, the penalty is given and Milivojevic makes no mistake from the penalty spot. Johnstone went the wrong way and Palace take the lead ten minutes before half time.,1
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Final change for Liverpool now as Klopp brings on Tsimikas to replace Mane.,0
Asst: A. RobertsonOXLADE-CHAMBERLAIN SCORES! He dropped back after the corner was cleared before being played in by Robertson. He dribbled past Taylor, wrongfooting the defender twice, opening up space and drilling a low shot past Norris at his near post. 3-0 Liverpool! ,1
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5Liverpool are using the stoppage in play to make their second change as Milner comes on in place of Wijnaldum.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Liverpool are making their first change now and it's Firmino that's making way, with Oxlade-Chamberlain on in his place.,0
Jack CorkBurnley · Midfielder #4Burnley are making their first change of the game and it's an attacking one as Vydra comes on to replace Cork.,0
Asst: S. ManéPHILLIPS SCORES! The initial corner is cleared by Lowton but Liverpool keep hold of it and Mane pulls it back into the middle. It's over Williams, but Phillips is waiting behind him to thump his header at goal. Norris gets a hand to it, but can't stop it from crossing the line. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
sst: A. RobertsonLIVERPOOL LEAD! Robertson's cross is missed by everyone in the middle of the box and Firmino makes a late run into the area to reach it. Cork spots him too late and the Brazilian slots it past Norris and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool! ,1
Espanyol captain David Lopez enters the referee's book late on, seemingly for dissent.,2
Ivan RakitićBarcelona · Midfielder #4Young defender Araujo is introduced in place of Rakitic late on.,0
Marc RocaEspanyol · Midfielder #21Espanyol make another change, with Lei brought on in place of Roca.,0
Luis SuárezBarcelona · Striker #9Braithwaite is brought on in place of a tired Suarez for the final eight minutes of normal time.,0
Adri EmbarbaEspanyol · Striker #23Embarba, who has arguably been Espanyol's best player today, makes way for Campuzano.,0
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #17Vidal is on for Griezmann as Setien looks to pad out his midfield a little more.,0
Fernando CaleroEspanyol · Defender #24Calero, perhaps still feeling the effects of Fati's challenge a little earlier, is replaced by Darder.,0
OOOAAAALLL!!! BARCELONA 1-0 ESPANYOL!! Barca have the breakthrough and it is a well-worked goal for the hosts. Griezmann is played in down the left and back-heels the ball into the path of Messi, whose shot is blocked. Suarez gets on the end of the loose ball and guides it past Diego Lopez.,1
ESPANYOL DOWN TO 10 MEN! Lozano follows through on Pique and is shown a yellow card. However, like the Fati decision a couple of minutes ago, the referee checks the pitchside monitor and changes his initial decision.,3
BARCA DOWN TO 10! Both of Fati's feet are off the ground as he launches himself at Calero. He catches his opponent on the shin and is initially shown a yellow card, but the referee rightly changes that to a red when reviewing the incident.,3
Nélson SemedoBarcelona · Defender #2Fati is on for Semedo at half-time, which will likely mean Roberto dropping into defence.,0
De Tomas fouls Messi and is shown the first yellow card of the match by the referee.,2
Martin BraithwaiteBarcelona · Striker #19Firpo replaces Braithwaite for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #17Griezmann makes way after an unconvincing display and is replaced by Fati.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MESSI CONVERTS!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! The Argentine steps up from 12 yards and lifts his effort past Remiro with a slight chip to find the right corner of the net. A vital goal for the Catalan club.,1
Guevara brings down Griezmann on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Ivan RakitićBarcelona · Midfielder #4Rakitic is withdrawn for the home side as Vidal enters the action.,0
Diego LlorenteReal Sociedad · Defender #3Llorente makes way for Zubeldia for the visitors.,0
ique is a fraction late on Merino and goes into the book. He's not happy with the decision.,2
Ander BarrenetxeaReal Sociedad · Midfielder #22Barrenetxea makes way for Oyarzabal on the left flank.,0
erino brings down Messi in the final third within shooting distance. He goes into the book for his troubles.,2
Lenglet wipes out Portu with a sliding challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: R. AndrichGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 1-1 UNION BERLIN! Union scratch together an equaliser! Teuchert earns a throw-in down the left and takes it quickly, catching Bayern out. Andrich races down the left and cuts back for Ingvartsen whose gentle shot rolls over the goalline.,1
Union are unhappy after Nianzou slides in late on Promel. Niazou's booked and gives his opponent an apologetic pat on the chest.,2
Keita EndoUnion Berlin · Midfielder #18Union substitution. Endo, who's faded this half, is replaced by the 35-year-old Gentner.,0
All these changes have disrupted any momentum this game had. Sarr picks up the game's first yellow card for a bad tackle on Ryerson.,2
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Bayern make yet another injury-enforced change. Hopefully it's just precautionary. The French centre-back Nianzou is Musiala's replacement.,0
Max KruseUnion Berlin · Midfielder #10Kruse also makes way for Teuchert, another forward. Union aren't out of this yet but they do need to offer more of an attacking threat now.,0
Petar MusaUnion Berlin · Striker #24Union respond immediately by making more substitutions. The Finnish striker Pohjanpalo replaces Musa.,0
Asst: T. MüllerGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 1-0 UNION BERLIN! Bayern finally have a breakthrough goal. Musiala wins a free-kick down the left which Union half-clear. Bayern keep pushing and Muller finds Musiala in the box, who skips over a challenge beautifully to slot into the bottom right corner.,1
Marius BülterUnion Berlin · Midfielder #15Next to go is Bulter, one of Union's best players here. Ingvartsen is his replacement.,0
Christopher LenzUnion Berlin · Defender #25Here are those Union changes. Lenz goes off first. Ryerson comes on.,0
Jérôme BoatengBayern · Defender #17Boateng's game is also over, no doubt with half an eye on the PSG game coming up. Pavard replaces him.,0
Tiago DantasBayern · Midfielder #28Bayern will make two changes actually. The German Under-19 midfielder Scott comes on for Dantas first.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Bayern substitution. Alaba comes on for the ineffectual Choupo-Moting. We'll see how Bayern change their shape.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Here's that Bayern change. Sane is on for Coman who limped off the pitch at the end of the first half. It appears the Frenchman couldn't shake off the niggle he picked up earlier.,0
Longstaff is the next player to go into the book after dragging Chrisene to the floor.,2
Lewis MileyNewcastle · Midfielder #67Newcastle make a late change. Anderson has missed most of the season but is on for the final few minutes. Miley is off.,0
Kieran TrippierNewcastle · Defender #2Howe makes a change just before the restart. It comes at right-back with Livramento coming on for Trippier.,0
OALLL! SZMODICS SCORES! 1-1! Blackburn are level against the run of play! Lascelles makes the mess of a clearance on the left, allowing Sigurdsson to surge towards the byline before cutting the ball across to Markanday. His powerful effort is pushed away by Dubravka, but Szmodics is the quickest to react and he bundles the ball in from close range.,1
Kyle McFadzeanBlackburn Rovers · Defender #55McFadzean has been brilliant in the Blackburn defence but is now coming off for a rest. Koumetio is on.,0
Asst: M. AlmirónGOALLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! The Magpies have the lead after a fantastic spell! Trippier chips the ball down the right to Almiron, who beats the offside trap and waits for options in the middle. He slides a pass across to Gordon, who races into the box and taps a first-time strike low past Pears.,1
John BuckleyBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #21Buckley is also on his way off, with John Eustace taking off another midfielder. Garrett comes on and will have to get used to the pace of the contest quickly.,0
Tyrhys DolanBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #10Dolan has had some nice touches in Newcastle's half but has also worked hard defensively. He is off for Markanday.,0
Andrew MoranBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #24Moran has been energetic in the midfield but is now coming off. Ayari is given a chance to impress.,0
Alexander IsakNewcastle · Striker #14Newcastle are going without a recognised striker, with Isak coming off for Barnes. Gordon will go up front.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Howe has seen enough from his Newcastle side and has decided to make some changes. Willock has only recently returned from injury and comes off for Miley.,0
Jacob MurphyNewcastle · Striker #23There is a straight swap on the wing for the Magpies. Almiron replaces Murphy, who has been quiet.,0
Sam GallagherBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #9Blackburn get the ball rolling again. Gallagher was carrying an injury near the end of the first half and is replaced by Sigurosson. Szmodics will now lead the attack.,0
Moran is shown the first yellow card after dragging back Murphy around the halfway line. He stopped a counter and will have to be careful now.,2
OtávioPorto · Midfielder #25Captain Otavio is the last change made for Porto, and Goncalo Borges will see out the game in his place.,0
GalenoPorto · Striker #13Galeno has again been exceptional down the left for the Dragoes, and he comes off late for Bernardo Folha to replace him.,0
PepêPorto · Defender #11Pepe comes off in a triple change for the leading side, and is replaced by Rodrigo Conceicao for the final few minutes.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Correa is the next forward to be rotated for the visitors, as youngster Pablo Barrios enters the fray.,0
EvanilsonPorto · Striker #30Evanilson is next off for Porto, and Toni Martinez will take his place in the forward line for the hosts.,0
 scuffle between De Paul and Cardoso takes place following that 'no goal' decision, and the Argentine midfielder is booked for the initial foul on Galeno.,2
ardoso ran right into the middle of that situation for no need whatsoever, and so the Porto centre-back is also shown a yellow card.,2
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Felix is also off following that speculative shot, and Matheus Cunha will replace him up front.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #17Saul comes off in Atleti's first change, and Yannick Carrasco, whose late penalty miss denied the Rojiblancos a win against Leverkusen, will come on for him.,0
Zaidu SanusiPorto · Defender #12Sanusi unfortunately can't carry on, and the left-back is helped off the field by his teammates before being replaced by Wendell.,0
Savic's poor clearance is collected by Sanusi, who drives through the midfield and beyond the right-side defence. That's where Savic is, and the Montenegrin hacks down the Porto left-back, being shown a yellow card and conceding a free-kick in a dangerous position in the process.,2
The referee comes back to book Reinildo for the late challenge, one which has left Otavio on his haunches receiving treatment.,2
Correa chases Grujic in-field but is caught in the face by the Porto midfielder's arm and wins a free-kick. Grujic is booked by the referee for the foul.,2
Asst: GalenoGOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Porto have a second!!! Sanusi's ball down the left finds Galeno, and the Brazilian spins away from Savic as he bursts forward. He enters the box and cuts the ball back from the left, to where Eustaquio arrives late to smash it beyond Oblak! A well-taken finish to a very well-worked goal, and Porto are 2-0 up and cruising here!,1
sst: EvanilsonGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! The Dragoes roar into the lead!!! Pepe drifts in-field and finds Evanilson with a fantastic reverse ball into the box. The Brazilian hits an early ball across the face of goal, and Taremi escapes the attention of Savic to tap it into an early nap! Atletico caught napping, but what clinical play from Porto to race into a 1-0 lead!,1
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14Eriksen is United's final departure. Van de Beek comes on for the Dane.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10Rashford's game is over too. He's had a fine one for United. Ronaldo gets a runout up front.,0
Diogo DalotMan United · Defender #20United make three changes of their own. Wan-Bissaka takes Dalot's place at right-back first.,0
Andrew RobertsonLiverpool · Defender #26Liverpool make a late change. On comes Tsimikas for Robertson at left-back.,0
GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-1 LIVERPOOL! Salah scores to give Liverpool hope! United fail to deal with Alexander-Arnold's latest corner, and De Gea saves Carvalho's rasping drive. The ball pops up for Salah who beats the United keeper with a low header at his near post.,1
ernandes gets booked for a blatant dive in response to a challenge from Robertson in the box. It's a shame, as the United midfielder had done some great work to take the Scot on.,2
James MilnerLiverpool · Midfielder #7Liverpool substitution. Milner makes way for the 19-year-old Carvalho.,0
Jadon SanchoMan United · Midfielder #25United make their first substitution of the game. Their first-half goalscorer Sancho goes off. Fred replaces him.,0
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Liverpool feel compelled to make the game's first substitution. Fabinho replaces Henderson at the base of their midfield.,0
Asst: A. MartialGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 LIVERPOOL! Rashford doubles United's lead through a classic counter-attack! Henderson misplaces a pass and Martial sends the Englishman running through on goal. Rashford has time to pick his spot, and duly dispatches the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1
Anthony ElangaMan United · Midfielder #36United make a half-time substitution. Elanga picked up a knock in the first half, so Martial replaces him. The Frenchman will go up front, and Rashford will slot in on the left wing.,0
Dalot's crude challenge on Diaz earns him a booking. There'll be just one minute added on before half-time.,2
Diaz knocks the ball past Varane and gets cleaned out by the Frenchman. Varane's shown the yellow card.,2
Alexander-Arnold's booked for his trip on Elanga. Eriksen will take the free-kick from United's left.,2
Asst: A. ElangaGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 LIVERPOOL! Sancho hands United the lead they deserve! Elanga plays a one-two with Eriksen to fire a low cross from the left. Sancho gets on the end of it in the centre of the box and pulls off a dummy to slot past Alisson!,1
nother Benfica break, this time from Pinho down the right, has PSG's defence at sixes and sevens. The substitute cuts inside before being felled by a woeful sliding challenge from Verratti, and the Italy midfielder is lucky to get away with just a yellow card there!,2
Neymar is also booked, likely for a prior foul on Florentino in the build-up to a PSG attack.,2
fter his attempted pass to Mbappe is cut out, Fabian Ruiz chases Rafa as he attempts to break and shoves him over, picking up a yellow card for the foul.,2
David NeresBenfica · Midfielder #7Neres is next off for the hosts, and it's a like-for-like replacement in Rodrigo Pinho.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Vitinha's buzzing presence in midfield has helped PSG regain control of this game, but he's off now for Fabian Ruiz, who will be hoping to help his side find a winner in the last few minutes.,0
Lionel MessiPSG · Midfielder #30Messi has been at his creative best for PSG, but comes off now for Pablo Sarabia to see out the game!,0
Enzo FernándezBenfica · Midfielder #13Fernandez also comes off for the hosts, replaced in midfield by Fredrik Aursnes.,0
Gonçalo RamosBenfica · Striker #88Compared to the first 45 minutes, Goncalo Ramos has been starved of service in the second half, and comes off now for Julian Draxler, who is on loan at Benfica from PSG themselves!,0
Goncalo Ramos catches Marquinhos in the face as the two contest Vlachodimos' goal-kick, and the Benfica striker is given a yellow card by the referee.,2
Nuno MendesPSG · Midfielder #25Off comes Mendes in the first substitution of the game, and Juan Bernat will take his place at left-wing-back for the Parisians.,0
A loose touch from Fernandez sees him fly into a 50-50 challenge with Verratti, who comes off worse despite winning the ball, and the Benfica midfielder is booked!,2
Asst: NeymarGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What a finish!!! The PSG big three combine once again, as Messi lays off Mbappe, who finds Neymar, and he tees up Messi to curl a beauty of a shot into the top corner! In their first real chance of a game dominated by the home side, the visitors lead 1-0!,1
Can receives a yellow card after a poor challenge to stop a counter-attack.,2
Mohamed DaramyCopenhagen · Striker #15Daramy comes off the pitch for Oskarsson.,0
Thorgan HazardDortmund · Defender #10Coulibaly replaces Hazard at left-back for Dortmund's final substitution.,0
Viktor ClaessonCopenhagen · Midfielder #7Jensen comes on for Claesson in midfield for the hosts.,0
Roony BardghjiCopenhagen · Striker #40Johannesson replaces Bardghji on the right wing for Copenhagen.,0
Lerager receives a yellow card following a needless challenge in the opposition half.,2
Salih ÖzcanDortmund · Midfielder #6Moukoko replaces Ozcan as Dortmund push for another goal.,0
Giovanni ReynaDortmund · Midfielder #7Brandt comes on for Reyna in the midfield for Dortmund.,0
Christian SørensenCopenhagen · Defender #6Kristiansen replaces Sorensen on the left side of the Copenhagen defence.,0
Mats HummelsDortmund · Defender #15Sule comes on for Hummels at centre-back for the visitors.,0
Gregor KobelDortmund · Goalkeeper #1Meyer replaces Kobel in the Dortmund goal for the second half.,0
Modeste receives a yellow card after a reckless sliding challenge on Diks.,2
Asst: V. ClaessonGOALL!!! 1-1!! HARALDSSON! Haraldson equalises for Copenhagen! Passlack is beaten to the ball by Claesson and the midfielder cuts it back to Haraldsson, who fires it into the far corner!,1
GOALL!!! 1-0 DORTMUND! HAZARD! Dortmund open the scoring! Passlack drives to the byline before sending in a cross. It finds its way to Hazard, who takes a touch before firing a low effort at goal.,1
Étienne CapoueVillarreal · Midfielder #25Capoue comes off for Villarreal and is replaced by Raba,0
Aaron Wan-BissakaMan United · Defender #29Wan-Bissaka is withdrawn for Mata, who will no doubt take a penalty.,0
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39Telles comes on to the field for the spot-kicks as he replaces McTominay.,0
Eric BaillyMan United · Defender #3Bailly appears to be struggling with cramp and is replaced by Tuanzebe on the field.,0
Paul PogbaMan United · Midfielder #6James replaces Pogba in the United midfield for the closing stages of the game.,0
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Midfielder #11United make their first change as Greenwood is replaced by Fred. Pogba will move further up the field.,0
Juan FoythVillarreal · Defender #8Foyth is withdrawn after collecting a yellow card and is replaced by Gaspar.,0
Alfonso PedrazaVillarreal · Defender #24Moreno makes his way on to the pitch to replace Pedraza at left-back.,0
oyth scythes down Shaw down the left flank and goes into the book for the Spanish outfit.,2
ailly blocks off the run of Alcacer with an arm to the face and the United defender goes into the book.,2
Manu TriguerosVillarreal · Midfielder #14Trigueros is withdrawn by Emery as Gomez enters the action for the Spanish side.,0
Yeremy PinoVillarreal · Midfielder #30Alcacer comes on to the field to replace Pino in the final third.,0
Carlos BaccaVillarreal · Striker #9Bacca is withdrawn for the Spanish side in the final third as Emery opts to shore up his midfield with Coquelin.,0
sst: S. McTominayGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! CAVANI EQUALISES WITH A CLOSE-RANGE STRIKE!!!!! 1-1!!!!! United are level as the Uruguayan reacts first to a deflection in the box and fires past Rulli. Villarreal fail to clear their lines from a corner and Rashford's drive from 20 yards is deflected into the path of the forward by the boot of McTominay. Cavani holds his composure to slot his effort into the back of the net. Game on.,1
Capoue pulls back Fernandes in the Villarreal half and goes into the book.,2
sst: D. ParejoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GERARD PUTS VILLARREAL AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Spanish side take the lead as Gerard pokes home at the back post. Parejo floats a pinpoint delivery in from the left flank on his right foot from a free-kick. Gerard pulls away from the United defence and has a free strike at goal. He does not disappoint, placing his effort beyond the reach of De Gea into the right corner.,1
Anthony GordonNewcastle · Striker #10Anderson gets two minutes to play in injury time, with Gordon not risked any further with the result secured.,0
Asst: F. SchärLIVRAMENTO MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! A first Newcastle goal for the full-back adds the cherry on top of an otherwise perfect day, latching onto Schar’s long-range pass in acres of space on the wing before dribbling through the entire Wolves defence and somehow scuffing an unwitting shot past the oncoming Bentley!,1
it Nouri is first called for a foul on Livramento on the touchline, before venting his frustration in the direction of the referee. It’s a yellow card for the Wolves wing-back; the first booking of the match.,2
Jeanricner BellegardeWolves · Midfielder #2720-year old Chirewa gets an appearance on the left wing, as Bellegarde is given an early rest.,0
Mario LeminaWolves · Midfielder #5Mario Lemina makes way with under 10 minutes to go, as O'Neil continues to roll the dice by sending on Traore.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock is also recalled to the bench in a triple substitution for Newcastle. Miley enters the fray.,0
Jacob MurphyNewcastle · Striker #23Almiron has 20 minutes to impress as he takes over on the right wing for Murphy.,0
Alexander IsakNewcastle · Striker #14Isak goes off having put his side ahead after just 14 minutes, with Barnes given a chance to stretch his legs.,0
Toti GomesWolves · Defender #24A change in defence for Wolves sees Toti make way after his key goal-line clearance. Hugo Bueno is selected to replace him.,0
Kieran TrippierNewcastle · Defender #2Trippier has limped off and remains deep in conversation with a member of the Newcastle medical staff. It first appeared as though the England international would be able to retake his place, but that won’t be the case as Livramento comes on in his stead.,0
José SáWolves · Goalkeeper #1Substitute goalkeeper Bentley is called upon to play in the second half, with Sa apparently unable to continue between the posts after half-time.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Neto does not return to the pitch after the interval either, with Fraser taking his place in attack.,0
NEWCASTLE STRIKE AGAIN! 2-0! Murphy gets free down the right wing and shapes his body to curl a low cross in towards the penalty spot for Isak. Sa comes rushing off his line to beat the forward to the delivery but a collision leaves the ball unclaimed just outside the six-yard box, with Gordon coming across to tap his finish into the empty net to double the advantage!,1
NEWCASTLE TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It’s a slightly fortuitous goal but the home supporters won’t care - with Isak giving Newcastle an early advantage! Gordon gets forward on a counter-attack after a long period of possession for Wolves, slipping the ball through for Guimaraes on the overlapping run. The midfielder hits his shot from close range which is deflected by Dawson, right into the path of Isak, who nods it home!,1
imitrievski is taking too long over his goal-kick in the referee's opinion, so he's booked for time-wasting.,2
Óscar ValentínRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #23Rayo's final change is a double one. Valentin is the first to go off, with Mumin on in his place.,0
EWANDOWSKI SCORES! Barcelona have one back! The striker starts the move on the right as he moves it infield to Kessie before continuing his run into the box. The substitute's shot is blocked by Valentin on the edge of the area, but Lewandowski is alert and pounces onto it, firing his volley past Dimitrievski and into the net. 2-1!,1
Unai LópezRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #17There's a double switch for Rayo as well, as Chavarria is on for Lopez.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Final rolls of the dice for Barca here as they make a double change. Torre comes on in place of Gavi.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8Barcelona are making another change now as Kessie comes on to replace Pedri.,0
Óscar TrejoRayo Vallecano · Striker #8Rayo are making their first change of the game now as Ciss comes on in place of Trejo.,0
Raphinha drags Fran Garcia off the ball and goes into the referee's book.,2
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Striker #11There's a double change for Barcelona as Alvaro Garcia gets back on his feet after finishing his treatment. Torres is the first to make way, with Fati on for him.,0
Marcos AlonsoBarcelona · Defender #17And Alonso is also taken off, with Alba on in his place. The left-back is already on a booking that he picked up for dissent in the first half.,0
RAN GARCIA SCORES! Lopez tries to cut out a Barca throw-in, only for his first touch to get away from him. De Jong slides in to try and send it upfield for the visitors, but it hits Garcia, who bursts past Araujo into the box and drills his low shot past Ter Stegen. 2-0 Rayo!,1
The yellow card is out again, this time for Gavi. He goes through the back of Isi on this occasion, bringing him down with a very late challenge.,2
The ball was there to be won, but as Gavi slid in, he missed it and caught Isi instead. Barca are furious that the free-kick goes against them, and Alba gets booked for his protests from the bench.,2
Balde has drawn attention to himself again, and after pushing Isi off the side of the pitch, he has his name taken by the referee.,2
Asst: S. CamelloALVARO GARCIA SCORES! It's Camello that wins the ball back this time, bundling Gavi aside to win it back high upfield. He takes it to the edge of the box before spreading it out to Garcia on the left of the box and he fizzes his low shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Rayo!,1
Luis MillaGetafe · Midfielder #5Seoane is on for Milla in midfield in Getafe's next change.,0
Enes ÜnalGetafe · Striker #10Latasa is on for Unal, who has worked hard but has not been presented with a genuine sight of goal.,0
Juan IglesiasGetafe · Defender #21Alvarez is the final player introduced by Getafe, replacing Iglesias on the left.,0
Unal goes into the book for appearing to lead with his arm in a challenge with Busquets, giving Barca a free-kick in their own half.,2
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20In response to that spell of Getafe pressure, Xavi makes another change at the back. Alonso comes on for Sergi Roberto, allowing Kounde to play at right-back. The former Chelsea man Alonso, meanwhile, will play in the centre of defence.,0
Borja MayoralGetafe · Midfielder #19Mayoral has been lively for Getafe throughout, but he is replaced by Portu for the final 13 minutes plus stoppage time, as the visitors look to take the game to Barcelona.,0
embele is the first Barcelona player to be booked after following through on Alderete as the Getafe defender looked to clear. The winger can have no arguments regarding that decision, and Alderete is still down clutching his shin.,2
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Raphinha is the man to make way for Kessie, which will likely allow Gavi to move further forward.,0
Ángel AlgobiaGetafe · Midfielder #16Getafe are also making a change as they look for a way back into the game. Villar replaces Algobia in midfield.,0
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15And Garcia has replaced Christensen in the heart of the defence.,0
Alejandro BaldeBarcelona · Defender #28Xavi has opted to make a double substitution at half-time, with Barca in the middle of a congested period. Alba is on for Balde at left-back…,0
Alderete becomes the first player to be booked for a clear foul on Dembele, giving Barca a free-kick on the right, 15 yards from goal. Raphinha is standing over it...,2
sst: RaphinhaGOAL! BARCELONA HAVE THE LEAD! Pedri puts the hosts ahead by converting their first clear-cut chance! Raphinha is released down the left following a good pass from Kounde, and the Brazilian's left-footed cross is prodded home by Pedri as he races into the area! That's the kind of incisiveness Barca have been crying out for, and it's 1-0!,1
Palace aren't happy that they weren't given the chance to take another corner after it was cleared, and they surround the referee. Andersen crosses a line with his protests and picks up a booking after the final whistle.,2
Robertson clumsily bundles Ayew over down the right to give Palace one last chance to put the ball into the box. His protests earn him a late yellow card.,2
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Final roll of the dice from Liverpool as they look to snatch a late winner. Gakpo is taken off, with Bajcetic on in his place.,0
It's Matip that stops a Palace counter-attack this time, and his name also goes into the book.,2
t's a brilliant driving run by Ayew through the middle, and Fabinho just sticks out a leg to trip him. He can have no complaints about that yellow card.,2
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20For Liverpool, it's a straight swap up top as Firmino comes on to replace Jota.,0
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66And Fabinho comes on in place of Alexander-Arnold, which means Milner will drop back into right-back.,0
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Both sides are making a double change here, starting with Palace. Mateta is the first to go off, with Edouard on in his place.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15And Schlupp is also making way, with Eze on for him.,0
Olise makes another surging run down the right, and as he cuts inside, Henderson clumsily trips him from behind, giving away a free-kick just outside the box. He's booked for it.,2
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Liverpool are making a change at the start of the second half. It's Keita, who is on a booking, that goes off, with Elliott replacing him.,0
It bounces off Jota's chest and out of the box, so Clyne decides to go in for the tackle. He goes through the back of the forward and gets the ball, but catches him with the follow-through to go in the book.,2
eita has a couple of attempts at dragging Olise back before the Frenchman goes down, and it earns him the first booking of the match.,2
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10West Ham respond with their own change. Fornals comes on for Lanzini, creator of Soucek's goal.,0
Dwight McNeilBurnley · Midfielder #11Burnley make an attacking change. Only a win will suit them really. Vydra replaces McNeil.,0
Asst: M. LanziniGOAL! WEST HAM UNITED 1-1 BURNLEY! West Ham are back in it! Soucek arrives at the far post to bury Lanzini's cross from close range. It looks like the ball's gone in off the Czech's chest.,1
Rice is booked after a tussle with Weghorst. The referee had to punish him somehow, as Burnley's players were clamouring for a card.,2
eghorst also receives a yellow card for his part in the argument. It's much ado about nothing, to be honest.,2
Nikola VlašićWest Ham · Midfielder #11West Ham make a change. Benrahma replaces Vlasic, who's shown flashes of quality in his hour on the pitch.,0
Matt LowtonBurnley · Defender #2Burnley make a substitution. Roberts replaces Lowton at right-back.,0
abianski's booked for impeding Cornet. Luckily, the West Ham keeper had a defender quite close to him. Otherwise he might have seen red.,2
OAL! WEST HAM UNITED 0-1 BURNLEY! Burnley get a lucky break! Cornet's corner from the right is thudded against the crossbar by Rodriguez. The rebound loops up kindly for Weghorst who nods into the empty net!,1
Ashley WestwoodBurnley · Midfielder #18Westwood is carried off the pitch on the cart in a stretcher. Brownhill will replace him in central midfield for Burnley.,0
ork's challenge on Lanzini earns him an early yellow card. He's in the thick of the action on his return to the starting 11 for Burnley.,2
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Gavi departs and Kessie comes on in midfield.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21De Jong heads off with Sergi Roberto taking his place.,0
GOAL! FATI! 4-1. Fati wraps it up with an excellent goal. Lewandowski flicks a loose ball goalwards on the edge of the box and Fati anticipates the opportunity and runs into the path of the ball before placing it around Remiro and in from 10 yards!,1
Mikel MerinoReal Sociedad · Midfielder #8Merino heads off with Karrikaburu coming on.,0
Aritz ElustondoReal Sociedad · Defender #6Aritz departs with Espinosa taking his place.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Midfielder #7Barcelona tighten up by replacing Dembele with Alba.,0
David SilvaReal Sociedad · Midfielder #21Silva hurries off with Benat coming on in his place.,0
Takefusa KuboReal Sociedad · Striker #14Kubo is replaced by Mohamed-Ali Cho in attack.,0
Alexander IsakReal Sociedad · Striker #19Sociedad respond with a triple sub: the first sees Isak head off for Roberto Navarro Munoz.,0
sst: A. FatiGOAL! LEWANDOWSKI! 3-1. Barcelona get two in two minutes. An intricate move culminates with De Jong feeding Fati inside the box, with the ball ricocheting off the attacker and into the path of Lewandowski who coolly slots it into the bottom corner from eight yards!,1
sst: A. FatiGOAL! DEMBELE! 2-1. Barcelona retake the lead. Fati receives a pass on the edge of the box, before flicking an exquisite backheel through to Dembele to open up the Sociedad defence. The attacker takes a touch before lashing a superb low strike into the far corner and beyond Remiro from 12 yards!,1
Alejandro BaldeBarcelona · Midfielder #28Balde makes way for Raphinha in attack.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Midfielder #11Barcelona make two changes as they look for fresh impetus. The first sees Torres depart with Fati coming on.,0
ubo skips through the heart of the Barcelona midfield and for a moment it looks like he'll break through on goal! However, Araujo pulls him back to stop him from progressing and the referee shows a yellow card.,2
Le Normand is booked after tripping De Jong near the touchline.,2
lustondo bundles Balde over off the ball and earns himself a yellow card.,2
GOAL! ISAK! 1-1. Sociedad equalise. Kubo and Merino swarm De Jong in midfield and snatch possession back for the hosts. Silva quickly sends it through for Isak whose close-range strike deflects off Garcia and over Ter Stegen and in!,1
sst: A. BaldeGOAL! LEWANDOWSKI! 1-0. Barcelona take an instant lead. Sociedad appeal for a penalty at one end as Kubo goes down under De Jong's challenge, but the referee plays on and the visitors break. Balde leads a counter down the left flank, before rolling it towards Lewandowksi who clinically fires a first-time strike into the bottom corner from eight yards!,1
Asst: M. CornetGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! West Ham might just have won it at the death!!! Cornet whips in a peach of a cross from the right, and up pops Soucek at the far post to volley the ball into the bottom corner!! A crushing blow for TSC, but West Ham open the scoring with their first real opening of the game itself, and it's 1-0 with stoppage time coming up!,1
Emerson is caught out at the back by Vlalukin and promptly brings him down, conceding a free-kick in a very promising position for TSC and being booked for his troubles.,2
Aleksandar ĆirkovićBačka Topola · Striker #32Cirkovic slips as he attempts to press Mavropanos, and has stayed on the deck with nobody near him. He's soon limping off unfortunately for TSC, who will hope substitute Bence Sos can provide a similar final-third threat.,0
Aaron CresswellWest Ham · Defender #3It's a new pair of full-backs for the Hammers, as Emerson comes in for Cresswell on the left-hand side of their defence.,0
Ben JohnsonWest Ham · Defender #2West Ham also make another double change of their own, with Johnson replaced at right-back by Thilo Kehrer.,0
Milan RadinBačka Topola · Midfielder #7A triple change coming for the hosts, the first of which sees Radin replaced by Milos Vulic in midfield.,0
Uroš MilovanovićBačka Topola · Striker #9Milovanovic has been the danger man up front, albeit unsuccessfully so far, and Milos Pantovic enters the fray hoping to make the breakthrough in the final 15 minutes or so.,0
Nikola KuveljićBačka Topola · Midfielder #21Kuveljic is also withdrawn by manager Zarko Lazetic, and Jovan Vlalukin will see out the game for the hosts.,0
Divin MubamaWest Ham · Striker #45Moyes makes a double change to try and kick-start West Ham into life here, with the starved-of-service Mubama replaced up front by Danny Ings.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Striker #22Benrahma also comes off having struggled with his end product, and it's a like-for-like replacement on the left in the form of Maxwel Cornet.,0
est Ham break at speed after Fornals turns Calusic to set Paqueta away in midfield. Benrahma's final cross goes behind for a goal-kick, but the referee comes back to show the TSC defender a yellow card.,2
ornals catches Cirkovic late as the TSC forward looks to play a one-two with Radin, and the Spaniard is shown a yellow card for the poor challenge.,2
Paqueta sets off on a forward run but is dragged back by Petrovic, who is shown the game's first yellow card for that blatant shirt pull.,2
Christian PulisicMilan · Midfielder #11Florenzi comes on against his former side. The defender replaces the injured Pulisic, whose hamstring seemed to go after stretching in midfield.,0
Milan ŠkriniarPSG · Defender #37It is last-chance saloon for Luis Enrique. PSG send on winger Barcola for centre-back Skriniar, who was perhaps fortunate to escape further punishment for his earlier foul on Leao.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #10Leao drops to the floor, holding what seems to be his ribs. The Milan winger is still struggling from the hefty challenge by Skriniar just five minutes ago. Pioli decides to withdraw the Portugal international for Okafor.,0
Yunus MusahMilan · Midfielder #80Musah, dancing on thin ice on a booking, comes off for Krunic. The United States midfielder has been everywhere for Milan.,0
Leao gets the home fans on their feet after bursting past two PSG defenders before the third, Skriniar, crashes into the Milan winger. The Slovakia centre-back is cautioned, despite the hosts wanting a red card for what they deemed to be a clear denial of a goalscoring opportunity.,2
Musah will miss the next European game through suspension after being cautioned for pulling back Zaire-Emery. The Milan midfielder's foul causes somewhat of a scuffle before the referee steps in to calm proceedings down.,2
Lucas HernándezPSG · Defender #21Another on a booking, Lucas Hernandez comes off for Mukiele. The left-back won just one of his three duels after struggling to impose his authority on Pulisic and the marauding Loftus-Cheek.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Vitinha is also hauled off for Lee as Luis Enrique opts for fresh legs in midfield.,0
Manuel UgartePSG · Midfielder #4Perhaps with a sense of caution, Ugarte – already on a booking – comes off for Fabian.,0
Randal Kolo MuaniPSG · Striker #23Luis Enrique cannot wait any longer. Kolo Muani, who managed just 14 touches all game, makes way for out-and-out striker Ramos.,0
Loftus-Cheek slips away from Ugarte before Lucas Hernandez clatters into the Milan midfielder. The PSG full-back is shown a yellow card, perhaps fortunate to escape further punishment after racing towards the referee to contest the decision.,2
sst: T. HernándezGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAALLLLLLLLL! MILAN ARE IN FRONT! Pulisic’s right-wing cross fails to find Leao, who stays down as well as Hakimi at the back post. The referee waves play on as Theo Hernandez keeps the chance alive, whipping towards the six-yard area. Giroud towers above Skriniar to thump a header into the top-right corner. PSG went to sleep and are punished as the hosts go 2-1 up! The VAR checks for a foul on Hakimi by Leao but sticks with the on-field decision as Milan's celebrations continue.,1
heo Hernandez aims to burst forward on the counter-attack before a cynical foul by Ugarte inside the Milan half. Unsurprisingly, the Uruguay midfielder is shown a yellow card.,2
Tomori is on the end of a poor lunge in the air by Kolo Muani. The England centre-back stays down clutching his head, and the PSG forward goes into the book for his mistimed jump.,2
Vitinha is perhaps unfortunate to go into the referee's book after catching Calabria slightly late. The PSG midfielder defends his case, but ultimately caught the Milan captain with a high boot on the right-hand side.,2
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! MILAN LEVEL JUST THREE MINUTES LATER! The home crowd erupts into raucous noise as Leao equalises with a spectacular overhead kick to make it 1-1. The Portugal international drives through the centre before offloading to Giroud, whose left-footed drive is parried in the air by Donnarumma. Leao is there on the rebound, though, volleying an acrobatic right-footed shot through the legs of the PSG goalkeeper. Game on!,1
Asst: MarquinhosGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! PSG SILENCE THE HOSTS! Former Inter defender Skriniar comes back to haunt his former rivals. Vitinha’s right-wing corner towards the near post is flicked on by Marquinhos. Skriniar has the freedom of Milan inside the six-yard area, escaping the attention of Loftus-Cheek, before stooping to finish with a diving header into the bottom-left corner. Maignan has no chance from point-blank range and the French champions lead 1-0!,1
Lucas TorróOsasuna · Midfielder #24And Osasuna are making their final change as well, with Torro going off for Jony.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Midfielder #11Final change for Madrid now and it's Asensio that's making way for Arribas.,0
Roberto TorresOsasuna · Midfielder #10Osasuna were waiting to make the double change before Madrid's second goal, and they're getting their chance now. Barja is coming on to replace Torres.,0
Rubén García SantosOsasuna · Midfielder #14Ruben Garcia is also taken off, with Lopez on in his place.,0
Asst: K. BenzemaCASEMIRO SCORES! It's all in the build-up from Benzema, who is allowed to carry the ball from the halfway line to the edge of the box without being closed down. He touches it through to Casemiro and it looks to be a bad touch from the Brazilian, but it wrongfoots Herrera and bounces into the bottom left corner. 2-0 Madrid! ,1
sst: IscoMADRID LEAD! It's another good corner into the box for Madrid and Militao gets to it at the far post again. This time, he manages to hold off David Garcia and thump his header past Herrera and into the back of the net. 1-0 Madrid! ,1
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Midfielder #7Another change for Madrid now, and it's Hazard that's going off for Isco.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Midfielder #20And Vinicius also makes way, with Rodrygo on in his place.,0
Javi MartínezOsasuna · Midfielder #28Martinez is also taken off, with Brasanac on to replace him.,0
Ezequiel ÁvilaOsasuna · Striker #9Osasuna are making a double change now and they're bringing on their top-scorer Budimir for Avila.,0
MarceloReal Madrid · Defender #12There's a double change for Madrid now as well, with Marcelo being taken off for Gutierrez.,0
he fourth official called the referee over to the bench after Oier's protests against the Hazard free-kick caught his attention and he's booked for dissent.,2
Martinez steps across the back of Hazard to stop his run and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Raphaël VaraneReal Madrid · Defender #5Madrid are making a change at the start of the second half, with Nacho coming on to replace Varane.,0
Lameck BandaLecce · Striker #22Banda comes off without a goal after striking the post in the first half. Maleh is introduced.,0
Valentin GendreyLecce · Defender #17A change in defence for Lecce sees Romagnoli come on for Gendrey.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Leao is given an early rest after a two-goal effort, to be replaced by Origi.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10De Ketelaere comes on, still in search of his first goal for Milan. Diaz is withdrawn.,0
Alexis BlinLecce · Midfielder #29Lecce make a change immediately after conceding, with Gonzalez replacing Blin in midfield.,0
Asst: B. DíazIT'S TWO FOR LEAO AND TWO FOR MILAN! 2-0! A goal entirely of his own creation, he gets on the end of Diaz's scuffed pass towards the centre circle and drives through Lecce's half, getting past Hjulmand and Baschirotto before entering the penalty area and dragging a clever finish off the right post and in, with the goalkeeper rooted to his spot!,1
Assan CeesayLecce · Striker #77Persson is sent into the fray to spearhead the attack, with Ceesay making way.,0
Federico Di FrancescoLecce · Striker #11Di Francesco comes off in Lecce's first change of the match. Strefezza gets a chance to make his mark.,0
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8A change in midfield for Milan sees Bennacer take over for Tonali.,0
Malick ThiawMilan · Defender #28The booked Thiaw makes way, with the experienced Kjaer on in his stead.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Saelemaekers gets 30 minutes to make an impact, replacing Messias on the right wing.,0
Asst: S. TonaliLEAO CONTINUES HIS GREAT RUN OF FORM! 1-0! Tonali takes Milan's corner low towards the near post, where Messias waits to receive the pass. The winger immediately returns the ball to his team-mate, with Tonali clipping in a lovely cross to the far post. With four players waiting in the area, it's Leao who rises highest to head home a finish!,1
The first yellow card of the match is shown to Thiaw, for aggressively stepping across and catching Banda in midfield.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!89'Reims Sainte-Anne0 - 1ReimsMartin AdelineReims,1
alker catches Wijnaldum with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
Laporte is booked for pulling down Salah and preventing a potential Liverpool counter.,2
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66Injury forces Alexander-Arnold out of the game. He is replaced by James Milner.,0
Ferran TorresMan City · Midfielder #21City also turn to the bench with Bernardo Silva introduced in favour of Torres.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Midfielder #9First change for Liverpool with Firmino making way for Xherdan Shaqiri.,0
Matip receives the first yellow card of the game after a late challenge on De Bruyne.,2
sst: K. De BruyneJESUS!!! 1-1! A lovely goal from Manchester City! The hosts equalise with a quickfire attack that sees De Bruyne fizz the ball into the feet of Jesus, who cleverly turns away from Alexander-Arnold before poking it past Alisson.,1
Penalty GoalSALAH!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! The Reds' talisman steps up and firmly sweeps the spot-kick into the corner. Ederson went the right way, but was never going to reach that.,1
Dominic ThompsonBrentford · Midfielder #2Frank is forced to make his final change, as the injured Thompson makes way for Ghoddos.,0
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Onyeka is the second Brentford man to be replaced, as Bidstrup is given the final 15 minutes to make an impact.,0
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Brentford make the game's first change, as Wissa - who has faded since the interval - makes way for Canos.,0
Asst: K. De BruyneCITY LEAD! For all Brentford's bright play, Foden puts City in front with a clinical finish, as he side-foots into the net from close range following a pinpoint De Bruyne cross. Brentford 0-1 Man City!,1
Giovanni SimeoneVerona · Striker #99Should Hellas Verona secure all three points, Simeone will be the hero. He's taken off with seven minutes left though, as Kalinic is chosen to see out the match. ,0
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Pellegrini comes on for Sandro in a straight swap at left-back for Juventus. ,0
Asst: DaniloJUVENTUS STEAL ONE BACK! 2-1! Danilo makes an incisive pass from the right which finds McKennie in all kinds of space. The United States international takes a touch to set himself and fires a powerful strike which cannons off the underside of the crossbar and goes in!,1
Gunter is shown a yellow card for tugging Morata back, cynically ending a potential Juventus attack.,2
orata is shown a yellow card as well for lashing out after Gunter’s foul. That’s the second booking shown to a Juventus player this evening for retaliation as the Bianconeri’s frustration mounts. ,2
Adrien TamezeVerona · Midfielder #61Tameze is recalled to the bench with 15 minutes left after a thoroughly impressive shift. Bessa is sent on.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11Cuadrado's number goes up on the fourth official's board as he is recalled to the bench with 20 minutes remaining. Kulusevski is his replacement. ,0
Arthur MeloJuventus · Midfielder #5Allegri makes another change in search of a way to cut the deficit. Bernardeschi is introduced for Arthur.,0
Nicolò CasaleVerona · Defender #16Casale is removed after coming dangerously close to a second booking. Ceccherini is his replacement. ,0
Darko LazovićVerona · Midfielder #8Sutalo is sent on for Lazovic as Tudor looks to hold the lead with just over 20 minutes remaining. ,0
rhur is booked for lashing out in frustration after Faraoni's infringement. ,2
araoni is given a yellow card for a foul on Arthur in midfield.,2
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Bentancur also makes way just before the hour as McKennie is sent on in his place. ,0
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Juventus make two changes in midfield; the first sees Rabiot replaced by Locatelli. ,0
A mistimed challenge on Dybala by Casale earns the defender a yellow card.,2
 cynical challenge from Danilo on Caprari near the technical area gets him in trouble with the referee - who produces a yellow card immediately. ,2
his time the free-kick is awarded, and Lazovic is shown a booking for going through the back of Cuadrado. ,2
Asst: D. LazovićSIMEONE JUST CANNOT STOP SCORING! 2-0! Unbelievable goal from Simeone who doubles his tally in a matter of minutes! The striker receives a pass on the left edge of the penalty area and takes a touch to set himself before curling a tremendous strike into the far corner of the goal - giving Szczesny absolutely no chance!,1
SIMEONE PUTS HELLAS AHEAD! Barak manages to stay onside to receive a throughball on the edge of the penalty area, before firing a low shot towards Szczesny. The goalkeeper does well to make the initial stop but Simeone is in the perfect place to tap home the rebound! 1-0!,1
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23Patterson replaces Coleman as Everton's final change of the game.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10Rashford is unable to continue and Weghorst comes on for the striker.,0
Jadon SanchoMan United · Midfielder #25Eriksen replaces Sancho as he makes his first appearance since January.,0
Marcel SabitzerMan United · Midfielder #15Fred comes on for Sabitzer as Man United look to see this game through now.,0
sst: M. RashfordGOALLL!!! 2-0 MAN UNITED!!! MARTIAL!! There is the goal that Man United wanted as Martial doubles their lead! Coleman’s miscontrol allows Rashford to break into the box, who then squares the ball to Martial for an easy finish. That could be game over for Everton.,1
Ellis SimmsEverton · Striker #50Maupay comes on for Simms to lead the Everton attack.,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Martial comes on for Antony as Ten Hag's first change of the game.,0
Amadou OnanaEverton · Midfielder #8Onana makes way for Davies as Dyche refreshes the Everton midfield.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Former Man United player Garner comes on to replace Gueye for Everton.,0
Asst: J. SanchoGOALLL!!! 1-0 MAN UNITED!!! MCTOMINAY!!! Man United finally get their breakthrough as McTominay fires past Pickford! Sancho plays a brilliant pass into the six-yard box and the Scottish international shoots first-time to open the scoring.,1
Enis BardhiLevante · Striker #10Levante look content to try and eat into time remaining now, as they make another change - Bardhi comes off for Rochina.,0
Jorge de FrutosLevante · Midfielder #18Levante make two changes: first up De Frutos comes off for Son.,0
Roger MartíLevante · Striker #9Marti also makes way with Vezo taking his place.,0
José Luis MoralesLevante · Midfielder #11Morales makes way with Alcon taking his spot on the left flank.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Joao Felix returns from injury to replace Carrasco.,0
Šime VrsaljkoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #24Both sides make a change during the break: Atletico replace Vrsaljko with Kondogbia.,0
De Frutos hits Carrasco with a late tackle and he receives a yellow card.      ,2
Asst: KokeLLORENTE! 1-1! Atletico grab an equaliser before half time, as Llorente's speculative effort from 25 yards flicks off Pier and into the net! Fernandez was left stranded by that deflection!,1
aul is shown a yellow card after catching Pier in the face with a stray arm.,2
Asst: J. de FrutosBARDHI! 1-0 LEVANTE! De Frutos ignites a quick counter-attack as he charges towards the edge of the box, before slipping Bardhi through on goal where he cooly slots a low finish beyond Oblak!,1
Danilo PereiraPSG · Midfielder #15Danilo looks to have picked up a knock shortly after scoring - which forces Pochettino’s hand. Michut comes in for his debut - replacing the injured midfielder.,0
Asst: J. DraxlerDANILO SCORES HIS FIRST FOR PSG! A simple finish from a corner, Danilo rises highest to nod home the delivery after Racioppi came off his line and missed his punch. It’s 4-0 now for Paris!,1
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12Rafinha is replaced by Gueye, as Pochettino looks to seal the result.,0
Éric Junior Dina EbimbeDijon · Midfielder #8Ebimbe is replaced by Sammaritano with 15 minutes left to play. ,0
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18PSG take this time to make a swap of their own, sending Sarabia on in Kean's place. ,0
Pape Cheikh DiopDijon · Midfielder #6Linares is forced into a substitution with 20 minutes left in the match as Cheikh will not be able to continue. Marie is his replacement.,0
Jonathan PanzoDijon · Defender #4The second change is a forward-thinking swap as midfielder Dobre comes in to replace Panzo - a defender.,0
Pape Moussa KonateDijon · Striker #11Dijon make a couple changes on the hour, with the first coming in attack. Konate is replaced by Assale. ,0
sst: RafinhaTWO FOR MBAPPE, THREE FOR PSG! Another simple goal for the visitors, who are running rampant. Kehrer finds Rafinha in acres of space just outside the penalty area, before the former Barcelona midfielder slips it through for Mbappe. The France international opts for a first-time hit with the left, wrapping his boot around it and beating Racioppi with pace and accuracy! 3-0!,1
Kean is the first PSG player to be booked, after his cynical tug back on Cheikh in midfield.,2
enalty GoalNO DOUBT ABOUT IT! Mbappe steps up with confidence and sends the goalkeeper the wrong way, giving PSG a 2-0 advantage! ,1
elina is shown a yellow card for his handball inside the penalty area. ,2
bimbe is shown the first yellow card of the match for a reckless and mistimed slide tackle on Danilo.,2
Asst: A. DialloPSG SCORE AFTER SIX MINUTES! Diallo plays a simple pass into the penalty area for Kean - who feints one way to open up space before poking the ball past the keeper into the corner of the goal from six yards out! 1-0!,1
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Perisic has put in another industrious showing today, but now makes way for Dimarco for the closing moments.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2D'Ambrosio replaces the goalscorer, Dumfries, who receives some warm applause from the Inter faithful.,0
Arturo VidalInter · Midfielder #22Vidal is given a rest for the final few minutes; Sensi is on in midfield for the Nerazzurri.,0
Josip BrekaloTorino · Midfielder #14Having just failed to find the final ball today, Brekalo is now substituted and Leicester City loanee Praet comes on. Juric is clearly not afraid to mix things up here!,0
Wilfried SingoTorino · Midfielder #17Singo comes off for Torino, with his fellow wing-back Ansaldi being brought on in his place.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10There will be no more goals in 2021 for Martinez, who is brought off, as Sanchez comes on to add experience and fresh legs to the Inter attack.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Inzaghi responds by making changes of his own, as the recently booked Calhanoglu comes off to be replaced by Vecino.,0
Tommaso PobegaTorino · Midfielder #4Pobega is substituted with 25 minutes to go, allowing Mandragora the opportunity to impose himself on the midfield battle.,0
Alessandro BuongiornoTorino · Defender #99Buongiorno is the second player to be hooked by Juric, as he comes off for Rodriguez in a like-for-like replacement at the back.,0
For using his arm to stop Lukic's strike at the Inter goal, Calhanoglu picks up a yellow card.,2
Antonio SanabriaTorino · Striker #19After a fruitless hour up front, Sanabria comes off for Torino, who opt to bring Warming on in his place.,0
sst: E. DžekoINTER LEAD! In a break from the edge of their own box, the champions spring forward with menace, and Dzeko carries the ball past several rather static Torino defenders to roll the ball across the box, Brozovic lets it trickle by, allowing Dumfries to step forward and steer it home for the opening goal! Inter 1-0 Torino!,1
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLLL!!!!!! 1-1. CADIZ ARE LEVEL THROUGH FERNANDEZ!!! The visitors haven’t looked threatening all afternoon, but Fernandez converts the penalty to draw the away side level. He slots his strike into the bottom left corner as Ter-Stegen dives the other way. Unbelievable.,1
errano is booked for dragging back Messi in the build-up to that strike from Puig. ,2
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2Dest is replaced by Mingueza at right-back at the same time.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #11Another change in midfield for the hosts as Puig comes on for Dembele. ,0
Alberto PereaCádiz · Midfielder #10Jonsson comes on for Cadiz at the expense of Perea. ,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Another switch for the home side as Trincao replaces Pedri in midfield. ,0
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #7A first change of the afternoon for Barca as Griezmann is replaced by Braithwaite.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Pjanic joins the fun at the same time with Busquets leaving the field of play. ,0
Salvador Sanchez PonceCádiz · Midfielder #7Another change for Cadiz as Sanchez departs the field. The midfielder has looked Cadiz’ best player this afternoon but an injury means Alejo takes his place.,0
Álvaro NegredoCádiz · Striker #18Negredo departs at the same time as Lozano enters the action.,0
Jairo IzquierdoCádiz · Midfielder #25The third substitution sees Izquierdo replaced by Fernandez out on the left wing for Cadiz. ,0
Jon Ander Garrido MoraciaCádiz · Midfielder #5A triple change for the away side as they go in search of an equaliser. The first sees Serrano replace Garrido.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL!! 1-0 TO BARCA. MESSI!!!! Well, that’s as cool as you like from the Barcelona forward. Messi casually walks up to the spot and passes the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the Cadiz goal.,1
Le Normand catches Muriqi with a late challenge on the halfway line and picks up a booking.,2
uriqi backs into Oyarzabal with some force, knocking the La Real captain to ground. He's protesting his innocence but has his name taken by the referee.,2
Cyle LarinMallorca · Striker #17And Larin, who has been a frustrated figure due to his limited involvement, is also taken off, with Radonjic on in his place.,0
Samú CostaMallorca · Midfielder #12Mallorca's final change is a double one. Samu Costa is the first to go off, with Mascarell on in his place.,0
Takefusa KuboReal Sociedad · Striker #14And Kubo, who has been a real bright spark for La Real throughout, is replaced by Sadiq.,0
Mikel MerinoReal Sociedad · Midfielder #8Alguacil might have one eye on a potential penalty shoot-out now as he makes his final two changes. Merino is taken off for Olasagasti.,0
Jaume CostaMallorca · Defender #11And Jaume Costa, who is on a yellow card, is replaced by Lato.,0
Dani RodríguezMallorca · Midfielder #14Mallorca are making a double change, with both changes coming down their left side. Rodriguez is the first to go off, with Darder replacing him.,0
Javi GalánReal Sociedad · Defender #25La Real are making another change before we get restarted. Tierney is coming on in place of Galan.,0
Jaume Costa is deemed to be taking too long over a throw-in, and he's booked for time-wasting.,2
Brais MéndezReal Sociedad · Midfielder #23La Real are making their third change here, and Mendez, who missed the penalty in the first half, is replaced by Turrientes.,0
Antonio SánchezMallorca · Midfielder #18Mallorca were ready to make this change before the goal, and Morlanes is coming on in different circumstances than he expected. He replaces Sanchez.,0
Asst: B. MéndezOYARZABAL EQUALISES! What an impact by the substitute! La Real win it back on halfway, and Mendez plays a one-two with Kubo to work through the midfield press before sliding it through to Oyarzabal. He times his runs perfectly to stay onside before drilling his low shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-1!,1
Arsen ZakharyanReal Sociedad · Striker #12Oyarzabal was a major doubt coming into this game, but Alguacil has decided that he's needed in this game. He comes on to replace Zakharyan.,0
Abdón PratsMallorca · Striker #9Mallorca are making their first change of the game now, and it's a straight swap up front as Muriqi is brought on for Prats.,0
Asst: J. CostaGONZALEZ SCORES! Samu Costa dinks it out to the left, and it's cushioned into Jaume Costa, who swings a brilliant first-time delivery into the box. Gonzalez is completely unmarked and he thumps his header back across goal, out of the stretching Remiro's reach and into the back of the net. 1-0 Mallorca!,1
André SilvaReal Sociedad · Striker #21La Real are making a change at the break. Silva, who barely got into the game and didn't manage a single shot, is taken off for Becker.,0
opete has a fistful of Kubo's shirt when he drags him back so he can clear the ball. He can have no complaints as he receives the first booking of the game.,2
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Palmer will be given the chance to show his quality in the closing minutes as he replaces De Bruyne.,0
uehi is the third player to receive a yellow card in as many minutes from the referee.,2
Mateta is too aggressive when trying to win the ball back and is into the referee's book.,2
Foden receives a yellow card after a clumsy challenge from the winger.,2
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9Gomez comes on for his Man City debut for the hat trick hero Haaland.,0
sst: İ. Gündoğan4-2 HAALAND!!!! IT’S A HATTRICK FOR HAALAND! Gundogan plays the ball into the feet of Haaland and the striker uses his strength to body Ward and slots the ball past Guaita. Ruthless finishing from Haaland.,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Mateta will move into the striker position as he comes onto the pitch for Ayew.,0
Nathaniel ClyneCrystal Palace · Defender #17Olise replaces Clyne as Vieira brings on an extra attacking player to try and fight back in this game.,0
sst: J. Stones3-2 HAALAND!!!!!!! Man City take a quick corner and Silva combines with Alvarez and the Portuguese man cuts it back to Stones. Stones’ mishit shots falls to Haaland from two yards out and puts City ahead!,1
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Hughes comes on for Palace to add another body into the Palace midfield. It seems to be Eze who has been pushed into the striker role for now.,0
sst: P. Foden2-2 HAALAND!!!!!!! It is his first chance all game and he buries it. Foden crosses it into a dangerous position and the Norwegian heads home. It is his first goal at the Etihad Stadium for Man City.,1
Riyad MahrezMan City · Midfielder #26Alvarez comes for Mahrez to change City to a two-striker formation and cause more trouble for the Palace defenders.,0
Tyrick MitchellCrystal Palace · Defender #3Richards replaces Mitchell who cannot carry on due to the injury he picked up minutes earlier.,0
Asst: Rodri2-1 BERNARDO SILVA!!!!! Rodri switches the ball to Silva who drives out to the edge of the box and then cuts the ball towards the near post and a deflection wrong-foots Guaita. Game on!,1
Asst: E. Eze2-0 ANDERSEN!!!!!!!! Andersen sends a bullet header into the bottom left corner past Ederson from Eze’s corner to double Palace’s lead! Clinical finishing from the away side.,1
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Armstrong is replaced by Smallbone to delay the free-kick.,0
esus hammers the ball away in frustration after the referee awards a goal kick rather than a corner, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Adams is replaced up top by the tireless Long, after a strong display that was perfected with his wonderful finish over Ederson.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26De Bruyne replaces Mahrez as City push to try and find that elusive equaliser. ,0
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7Sterling is replaced by Foden as City look to add a new dimension to their front three.,0
Fernandinho is booked for a frustrated, late challenge on Redmond.,2
Romeu is booked for a cynical trip on David Silva near the halfway line.,2
Asst: S. ArmstrongSOUTHAMPTON TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Zinchenko loses possession inside his own half again and Armstrong pokes it to Adams, who hits a stunning first-time lob from 40 yards over the top of Ederson and in! What a brilliant way for the striker to net his first goal for the club!,1
ique pulls back Joao Felix on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Midfielder #2Dembele enters the action to provide further firepower for the home side in the final third. Dest is withdrawn by Koeman.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Kondogbia comes on for the visitors to shore up the middle of the park.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Simeone takes no chances with Saul, knowing that he is on his last warning. Joao Felix replaces the midfielder, who only entered the action for Lemar in the first half.,0
oke brings down Messi on the charge on the edge of the Atletico box. The skipper is booked and he hands the home side a free-kick in a dangerous spot.,2
Moriba goes into the book for sticking out a leg and tripping Hermoso.,2
Felipe gives away a free-kick for bringing down Messi on the charge. Barca have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Óscar MinguezaBarcelona · Defender #28Mingueza is withdrawn at the break for the home side and is replaced by Araujo.,0
aul pulls back Messi on the charge down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Moriba replaces Busquets for the home side, which will likely force De Jong into a deeper role in front of the back four.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Lemar is forced off with an ankle injury and is replaced by Saul on the left flank.,0
Salisu picks up a late yellow card for a late challenge on Davis.,2
Adam ArmstrongSouthampton · Striker #9Saints goalscorer Adam Armstrong heads off to warm applause. He hasn't done much apart from score, which is all he's there to do really. Broja takes his place up front.,0
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Midfielder #10Villa make another substitution. Their 19-year-old forward Archer replaces Buendia.,0
Tuanzebe lands himself in the book for pushing Adam Armstrong over when space opens up for the striker.,2
Marvelous NakambaAston Villa · Midfielder #19Villa make a change at this point. Ramsey replaces Nakamba in central midfield.,0
omeu's firm challenge on Cash earns him a yellow card. Villa have a free-kick just to the right of the box.,2
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Southampton make a change. Lyanco replaces Stuart Armstrong on their right wing.,0
El Ghazi picks up the game's first yellow card for a poor challenge on Saints' young right-back Livramento.,2
OAL! SOUTHAMPTON 1-0 ASTON VILLA! What a goal by Adam Armstrong! Cash can't clear a long ball with Adams lurking. It rebounds on the edge of the box to Armstrong who lashes it clean and true on the volley into the bottom left corner. You don't keep those out.,1
Djenepo is late getting across to Azpilicueta, and he clips his ankles to take his legs out from under him which earns him a late yellow card.,2
Salisu catches Werner with a late challenge when he tries to stop his run down the right and he's shown a yellow card.,2
CHILWELL SCORES! Lukaku fires a shot on goal from close range that bounces off the post before Azpilicueta fires a shot against the crossbar. It falls to Chilwell on the left of the box, and it looks like McCarthy kept him out too, but he did so from behind the line. 3-1 Chelsea! ,1
Nathan RedmondSouthampton · Striker #11Final change for Southampton now and it's Elyounoussi that's coming on for Redmond.,0
Asst: C. AzpilicuetaWERNER SCORES! He had one disallowed in the first half, but this one will count! Azpilicueta gets in behind Walker-Peters and squares the ball into the six-yard box. Southampton aren't alive to the danger and Werner is following in to tap it past McCarthy. 2-1 Chelsea! ,1
Ruben Loftus-CheekChelsea · Midfielder #12Final roll of the dice for Chelsea now as they try to find a late winner. Loftus-Cheek is taken off, with Barkley on to replace him.,0
T'S RED! After looking at the replays of Ward-Prowse's tackle, Martin Atkinson has gone back onto the pitch and shown the Southampton captain a straight red for serious foul play. He hands the armband over to Romeu, and the Saints are finishing this game with 10 men.,3
Nathan TellaSouthampton · Midfielder #23Southampton are making a change here as well, with Tella going off for Djenepo.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Second change for Chelsea now and it's Jorginho that's coming on for Kovacic.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Midfielder #20Chelsea are making their first change of the game now as Mount comes on to replace Hudson-Odoi.,0
enalty GoalWARD-PROWSE SCORES! The captain steps up to take the spot-kick and confidently fires them level! It's a good penalty from him as he gets a lot of power behind it and picks out the bottom-right corner. Mendy dived the wrong way and it's 1-1! ,1
t's a late challenge from Silva on Redmond, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Theo WalcottSouthampton · Midfielder #32There's a change for Southampton at the start of the second half as Walcott makes way for Diallo.,0
omeu sticks out a leg to trip Kovacic after the ball is knocked past him and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: R. Loftus-CheekCHELSEA LEAD! It's a good corner from Chilwell into the box that's flicked on by Loftus-Cheek in the middle. Chalobah is unmarked at the far post and he stoops to get on the end of it, nodding his effort into the back of the net before McCarthy can react. 1-0 Chelsea! ,1
GOOOAAALLL! Aguero makes it 2-0 to City! The hosts whip a corner into the box and Ake meets it well, rising above his marker and powering a header towards goal, but Mandanda gets across well and makes a good save. However, the rebound falls straight to Aguero, who taps it in from just a couple of yards out.,1
Valère GermainMarseille · Midfielder #28The final substitution sees Germain come off and he has been replaced by Benedetto.,0
Florian ThauvinMarseille · Midfielder #26Thauvin is also coming off and he has been replaced by Ake.,0
Pape GueyeMarseille · Midfielder #22Triple substitution by the visitors now, in a final attempt to get back into the game. Gueye is the first man to come off, he has been replaced by Strootman.,0
Dimitri PayetMarseille · Striker #10The other change by the visitors sees Payet replaced by Cuisance.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Midfielder #26City also make a substitution and it is Mahrez who is making way for Aguero.,0
Boubacar KamaraMarseille · Midfielder #4Double substitution now by Marseille, with Kamara the first to come off and he has been replaced by Rongier.,0
GOOOAAALLL! City take the lead, it’s 1-0! Silva sprints forward and lays the ball off to Mahrez, who gets the ball nicked off his toes and it falls perfectly into the path of Torres, who then fires it past Mandanda from close range. It was unlucky for Marseille that the ball fell straight to the City man, but he made no mistakes with the finish.,1
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8City have made substitution ahead of the second half, with Gundogan the man coming off and he has been replaced by Sterling.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Gueye for his blatant trip on Gundogan as he tried to break forward and set up another City attack from the halfway line.,2
Eric GarcíaMan City · Defender #50Here is the enforced City substitution, with Garcia limping off with an injury and he has been replaced by Stones.,0
Tyler MortonBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #6Morton picked up an injury just prior to the goal, and he's withdrawn late for fifth-round scorer Tyrhys Dolan.,0
Sammie SzmodicsBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #8Blackburn make late changes as they look to rescue the game, as Szmodics comes off for Jake Garrett.,0
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28McAtee comes off having excelled in the middle today, and one of the Blades' 2019 promotion winners, Chris Basham, replaces him.,0
Asst: S. BergeGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!!!! What a way to win this cup tie!!! Berge can't find much of an avenue in the box, so passes deep to Doyle 25 yards from goal. The youngster smashes an absolute belter of a finish straight into the top corner, and Pears can't keep the ball out as it rifles past him!!! 3-2 to the Blades, and what a way to cap off this simply outstanding game of football!,1
George BaldockSheffield United · Midfielder #2Baldock comes off late for the Blades, with Jayden Bogle slotting in at right-wing-back.,0
sst: M. LoweGOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Sheffield United are level once again!!! Lowe brings down a cross-field ball and somehow squeezes the ball into McBurnie's path. He steps beyond his marker and fires the ball across the face, with Pears rooted to the spot as it finds the bottom corner!! 2-2 inside the final 10 minutes, and this game takes another magnificent twist!,1
Joe Rankin-CostelloBlackburn Rovers · Defender #11Rankin-Costello is also withdrawn, with the right-back replaced by Callum Brittain.,0
Ryan HedgesBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #19Hedges comes off having scraped the woodwork with a brilliant Blackburn chance, and he's replaced by defender Scott Wharton.,0
Jack RobinsonSheffield United · Defender #19The Blades bring off Robinson in defence and make an attacking change, introducing club captain Billy Sharp for the last 20 minutes (at least).,0
Carter slides in wildly to chop down McBurnie, and his yellow card means he'll be suspended for the semi-final - should Blackburn get there.,2
sst: S. GallagherGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! The Rovers return to score first in the second half!! A fantastic sliding challenge from Morton sends possession straight to Gallagher, and his deft throughball puts Szmodics in the clear. He slides in to slide the ball beyond Foderingham, and the ball nestles in the bottom corner to send Blackburn 2-1 up!,1
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAALLL!!! First blood to Blackburn!!! Brereton-Diaz steps up from 12 yards and rifles the ball into the bottom corner!! Foderingham may just have got a hand to the ball, but there was no way he was stopping Blackburn from going 1-0 up there!,1
Robinson is booked for the handball, and shakes his head in disbelief as the card is raised.,2
Andrew RobertsonLiverpool · Defender #26Oxlade-Chamberlain is also brought on for Robertson.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9There's a late double change for Liverpool here as Jota is brought on to replace Firmino.,0
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Kouyate went down holding his knee and Palace aren't taking any chances as they bring on Kelly to replace him.,0
James McCarthyCrystal Palace · Midfielder #22Second change for Palace now and it's McCarthy that's making way for Van Aanholt.,0
t's a poor challenge from Milner to take out Schlupp from behind and he has his name taken by the referee.,2
Riedewald slides in and gets to the ball, but he also catches Thiago on the follow-through which earns him a yellow card.,2
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5Wijnaldum goes off to a standing ovation and a warm reception from the fans in what is likely his last appearance for the club. Milner is on in his place.,0
Asst: M. SalahMANE SCORES! The Palace defenders are drawn to Salah and the ball, leaving Mane in so much space just outside the box. It's squared across to him and he has time to take a touch before drilling it into the bottom corner. You can see the relief of Klopp and the fans as it hits the back of the net. 2-0 Liverpool! ,1
Alexander-Arnold is also shown a yellow card, but for the challenge on Ayew.,2
he frustration boils over for Ayew after he's brought down by Alexander-Arnold and he pushes into the right-back which earns him a booking.,2
James TomkinsCrystal Palace · Defender #5Tomkins slowly makes his way off the field, still holding his hamstring, and it's Schlupp that comes on to replace him.,0
Asst: R. FirminoLIVERPOOL LEAD! Again, Palace are all over the place as Robertson swings the corner in and it's flicked on at the near post. Firmino can't control it but Mane quickly latches onto the loose ball and pokes it past Guaita and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool! ,1
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7Villa make another pair of changes as they look to see out this results, with captain McGinn withdrawn in midfield for Jacob Ramsey to come on.,0
Ollie WatkinsAston Villa · Striker #11Watkins' potential winner is the difference as the added time ticks down, and he comes off in the final stages for Colombia forward Jhon Duran.,0
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18Alejo Veliz enters the fray late for Spurs, replacing his countryman Lo Celso in the hosts' final throw of the dice.,0
Watkins is demanding a corner following that header wide, but isn't getting it, although his continued protests do earn him a yellow card instead.,2
Bryan GilTottenham · Midfielder #11Oliver Skipp comes on for Spurs, replacing Gil in a change that Postecoglou will hope can bolster their midfield somewhat.,0
Asst: Y. TielemansGOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Lovely play from Villa, and they take the lead in north London!!! Watkins plays a one-two with Tielemans on the edge of the box, collecting the return ball and slotting it into the bottom corner with a composed finish! From 1-0 down, Villa have turned things around here, and lead 2-1 thanks to Watkins' first (legal) goal of the game!,1
Matty CashAston Villa · Midfielder #2Villa make two half-time changes, the first of which is certainly an understandable one. Cash was walking a thin tightrope following his yellow card for the challenge that forced Bentancur off injured, and he's replaced at the break by Leon Bailey.,0
Moussa DiabyAston Villa · Striker #19Diaby also comes off at the halfway stage, with Youri Tielemans introduced the slot in behind Watkins up front.,0
Asst: D. LuizGOOOOAAAALLL!!! There's no denying that one - Villa are level!!! Winning a free-kick on the right-hand touchline, Douglas Luiz swings the ball into the box. Torres escapes his marker Davies to get to the ball first, and nods a simple header into the top-right corner! There's a quick VAR check to put that crushing doubt back into the minds of their fans, but this time it does stand and we're locked up at 1-1!,1
nother late challenge from Cash, this time on Udogie, earns Spurs a free-kick and the Villa number two gets an absolute hammering from the home crowd. Captain McGinn pleads his team-mate's case to the referee, but the official isn't happy with him either and books the Scottish midfielder.,2
Kamara clips Lo Celso late as the goalscorer looks to turn and advance out of trouble, and the Villa midfielder picks up his side's second yellow card of the half.,2
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Bentancur was down receiving treatment following that rash challenge from Cash, and sadly won't be able to continue. Spurs' injury woes just won't let up at the moment, as Hojbjerg replaces Bentancur in their midfield.,0
ash slides in wildly on Bentancur and cuts down the Uruguayan well after he's released the ball, and picks up the most textbook yellow card you'll ever see!,2
Asst: P. PorroGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Spurs take a deserved lead!!! A second successive corner is swung into the box by Porro, but this time no-one can get their head to it. The ball bounces kindly for Lo Celso on the edge of the box, who arrows a superb half-volley into the back of the net!! There's a slight nick off Diego Carlos on the way through, but it was still one hell of a strike to put the hosts 1-0 up!,1
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Inzaghi eats up a few more seconds of added time by introducing Klaassen for Barella.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Inzaghi introduces more fresh legs, making a double substitution: first, Dimarco makes way for Carlos Augusto on the left flank.,0
Juan BernatBenfica · Defender #14A further change by Benfica sees Bernat making way for Cabral, a former Fiorentina striker, who did well in the Europa Conference League last season.,0
Ángel Di MaríaBenfica · Midfielder #11Di Maria's part in this game is over, as Jurasek comes on to replace the veteran winger.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2A straight swap on the right flank sees Darmian replace Dumfries for the closing stages.,0
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9Apparently carrying a minor knock, goalscorer Thuram is withdrawn by Inzaghi; Sanchez replaces him up front.,0
or responding to Otamendi in a bout of penalty-box pushing, Dumfries is the latest Inter player booked. That's three in a matter of minutes for the Nerazzurri.,2
Orkun KökçüBenfica · Midfielder #10Schmidt also throws on Musa, as Kokcu comes off.,0
Rafa SilvaBenfica · Midfielder #27Following a quiet game up front, Rafael Silva departs and Chiquinho replaces him.,0
Barella follows his captain into the book, also for dissent. Inter need to keep their discipline here, having taken control of the game since half-time.,2
Having been caught by a flailing boot from Neres, Martinez stays down hurt. When Inter's skipper returns to his feet, the referee flashes a yellow card in his direction for dissent - he thought Benfica's Brazilian winger did that on purpose and complained vociferously.,2
sst: D. DumfriesINTER LEAD! It had been coming! The Nerazzurri go 1-0 up at San Siro, as Thuram slots home a Dumfries cutback from the right byline. The French forward stayed cool to convert his chance from 12 yards out, and Inter are rewarded for a relentless start to this second half!,1
Alexander BahBenfica · Defender #6Following a challenge by Dimarco, Bah can't continue due to injury; Araujo comes on to replace him at right-back.,0
Dani ParejoVillarreal · Midfielder #5Emery sends on another defender as Aurier replaces Parejo.,0
Lo Celso is shown a yellow card, but he will not care as he tries to waste more time.,2
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Choupo-Moting is thrown on by Nagelsmann and he replaces Muller.,0
Asst: G. MorenoGOAAAALLLL!!!!!!!! BAYERN 1-1 VILLARREAL - THEY HAVE DONE IT, Villarreal have scored at the death, and they are minutes away from eliminating Bayern. Parejo's quick thinking in the middle of the park was vital, as he played a crucial pass to Lo Celso before Moreno was picked out. The Villarreal striker looked across the pitch, and Chukwueze was waiting at the far post. The sub didn't make a clean connection with the ball, but it was enough to beat Neuer.,1
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Another change for Bayern as Davies comes on for the final few minutes, with Hernandez the one to make way.,0
Arnaut DanjumaVillarreal · Striker #15Danjuma's night is also over as Emery sends on Pedraza.,0
Francis CoquelinVillarreal · Midfielder #19Emery follows suit as he sends on Chukwueze, with Coquelin the one to make way.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Nagelsmann turns to his bench for the first time as Gnabry replaces Musiala.,0
oyth is carded after a late challenge on Coman while trying to block a cross.,2
sst: T. MüllerGOAAALLLL - BAYERN 1-0 VILLAREAL - Lewandowski's first shot of the night finds the back of the net, and he punishes Parejo for a sloppy pass. The Villarreal midfielder gave possession away, and that allowed Muller to pounce. The German international picked out Lewandowski, and the Pole did the rest, slotting the ball home via the far post.,1
ewandowski is shown a card for that challenge, and he can have no complaints.,2
Hughes' ill-advised sliding challenge takes him through the back of Neves and earns the substitute a yellow card.,2
Guaita is shown a yellow card for wasting time during a goal-kick.,2
Michael OliseCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Hughes is on for Olise as Vieira looks to shore up the midfield.,0
Max KilmanWolves · Defender #23Kilman is withdrawn with 11 minutes to go as Chiquinho is sent on for his second Premier League appearance.,0
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14With just over 20 minutes remaining, Crystal Palace make a change at striker. Benteke is introduced to see out the remainder of the match with Mateta making way.,0
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Milivojevic is introduced to provide some stability in midfield. Kouyate is recalled to the bench.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Midfielder #7Neto's first start after injury comes to an end after 63 minutes, with Jimenez on to replace him.,0
Gallagher is shown a yellow card for bringing Hwang down during a counter-attack following a cleared Crystal Palace corner.,2
Penalty GoalNO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 2-0 PALACE! Zaha steps up and absolutely lashes his penalty into the top corner - beating Sa, who had guessed correctly!,1
Ki-Jana HoeverWolves · Midfielder #2Confirmation of the enforced change as Hoever is unable to run off his hamstring injury. Jonny is chosen to replace him.,0
PALACE TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Gallagher slips a lovely pass in-behind Andersen for Zaha, who latches onto it and beats his man for pace before driving to the byline and putting a low cross into the near post. Mateta continues his run and manages to fluff a shot that loops up and over a sprawling Sa. With the goalkeeper on the ground and the ball not yet over the line - the striker loops around and bundles it home emphatically!,1
Cancelo brings down Carrasco on the edge of the City box on the left flank, handing the home side a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Foden fouls De Paul on the charge and goes into the book. Seemingly every player is getting carded at the moment.,2
OFF! Felipe perhaps was lucky to remain on the field in the first half, but now is sent off. He catches Foden on his follow-through and has to go. Felipe does not walk off quietly and vents his frustration to the referee. Eventually, the defender is ushered away by his team-mates.,3
Savic goes into the book for his part in the melee. The defender may have been lucky to remain on the field.,2
Rodri took out Cunha in the build-up to the Suarez chance and is retrospectively booked by the referee.,2
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Simeone makes the surprising choice to withdraw Joao Felix. Cunha replaces the Portuguese. A bold move considering Joao Felix's recent form.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Lemar is withdrawn as Suarez enters the fold in the final third. Simeone is going for it with eight minutes left.,0
Llorente brings down Fernandinho and goes into the book. He will miss the first leg of the semi-final if Atletico advance.,2
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Striker #20Silva has been quiet tonight and is now withdrawn as Fernandinho arrives to shore up the City midfield.,0
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2Ake enters the action for City to replace Walker. Cancelo will swap to the right flank and Ake will operate at left-back.,0
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Defender #12Correa is on for the home side in the final third to support Joao Felix. Lodi makes way after a decent outing.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Koke makes way for the home side and is replaced by De Paul.,0
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Griezmann is withdrawn by Simeone and is replaced by Carrasco in the final third.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Sterling replaces De Bruyne, who had been stifled by the Atletico press in the second half.,0
Felipe finally gets a booking as he clatters into De Bruyne from behind. The referee points out that it was his second challenge.,2
Asst: F. de JongGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PUIG HEADS HOME!!! 2-0 BARCELONA!!! Puig comes off the bench and makes an impact to notch the decisive second goal for the visitors. De Jong is the architect with a fine run into the right inside channel. He clips a cross to the back post for Puig to attack, and the midfielder makes no mistake nodding his effort into the top-left corner.,1
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Puig replaces Pedri for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Víctor RodríguezElche · Midfielder #8Nino replaces Rodriguez for the home side.,0
Emiliano RigoniElche · Midfielder #22Luismi is on for Rigoni in the final third for Elche.,0
Raúl GutiElche · Midfielder #14Tete Morente replaces Raul Guti for the home side.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #11Dembele is withdrawn for Trincao in the final third.,0
usquets pulls down Barragan moving forward down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DE JONG CONVERTS ON THE LINE! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! The Dutchman capitalises on a slice from Gonzalez and slots the ball over the line. Braithwaite delivers a brilliant cross in from the left flank towards the run of Griezmann. Gonzalez has to act to prevent the ball from reaching the Frenchman. However, he slices his clearance towards his own goal and it almost travels over the line, although De Jong is on hand to ensure that the visitors take the lead.,1
Spencer goes into the book late on for a foul on Gvardiol near the touchline.,2
Ben WilesHuddersfield · Midfielder #23Huddersfield make another change, with 18-year-old Iorpenda coming off the bench to replace Wiles.,0
Josh KoromaHuddersfield · Midfielder #10Moore makes another change for Huddersfield, with Koroma replaced by Diarra.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47After scoring a brace for City, Foden makes way. Youngster Hamilton comes on in his place.,0
Mateo KovačićMan City · Midfielder #8Kovacic comes off to be replaced by Wright, who makes his Man City debut. An amazing moment for the young player!,0
Asst: K. De BruyneGOOOAAAAALLLL!! 5-0 MAN CITY! The two substitutes link up to score a fifth! De Bruyne receives the ball just inside the Huddersfield half and plays a one-two with Bobb. The Belgian midfielder clips a cross towards the back post, straight to the feet of Doku, who strikes it on the half-volley, firing it into the back of the net. The Citizens are refusing to slow down!,1
Asst: M. KovačićGOAAAAALLLLL!! 4-0 MAN CITY!! City take a short corner and De Bruyne fires into the path of Gomez. He turns and lays it to Kovacic, who flicks the ball to Foden on the edge of the penalty area. He shifts it onto his left and bends a strike along the ground into the far corner, leaving Nicholls with no chance. The Citizens have been relentless in front of goal today!,1
Alex MatosHuddersfield · Midfielder #21It's debutant for debutant as Moore makes a change. Radulovic comes off the bench to make his first appearance for Huddersfield, with Matos the player replaced.,0
Julián ÁlvarezMan City · Striker #19De Bruyne returns to action, coming on for Alvarez and dropping into the City midfield.,0
Jack GrealishMan City · Midfielder #10Grealish's game is over with Doku coming on in his place on the left-hand side of attack.,0
Asst: R. LewisGOOOAAAAALLLL!!! 2-0 MAN CITY!! Kovacic sprays a pass out wide to Lewis, who finds Nunes inside. The Portuguese midfielder plays a one-two with Foden and is now in space inside the box. He cuts it back to Lewis who scuffs his shot, but Alvarez is in a good position to guide the ball into the back of the net. Two goals in quick succession for the Citizens!,1
Asst: J. ÁlvarezGOOOOAAAAALLL!! 1-0 MAN CITY! Guardiola’s side step up the pace. Grealish finds Kovacic in space outside of the box, and the Croatian midfielder plays a reverse pass into the path of Alvarez, who takes aim towards goal. His shot is deflected but straight to the feet of Foden, who shifts the ball onto his left before firing into the back of the net. City finally turn their dominance into a goal!,1
Manuel AkanjiMan City · Defender #25Akanji's game is over after that heavy challenge from Matos, and he's replaced by Nunes in the first-half.,0
Matos goes into the book for a late challenge on Akanji deep inside the Huddersfield half.,2
David OkerekeVenezia · Midfielder #77Venezia are making their last change as well. Okereke goes off, with Bjarkson on in his place. ,0
Alessandro FlorenziMilan · Defender #25Final change for Milan now as Florenzi is taken off and replaced by Stanga. ,0
Gianluca BusioVenezia · Midfielder #27Another change for Venezia now and it's Busio that's going off, with Fiordilino coming on for him.,0
Zlatan IbrahimovićMilan · Striker #11There's a double change for Milan now. Ibrahimovic is going off for Giroud.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10And Diaz is also being taken off, with Maldini on in his place. ,0
ohnsen knocks the ball past Tonali, and the midfielder has two attempts at trying to drag him back. His name goes into the book, and that means he'll miss Milan's next match.,2
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17There's a double for Milan now. Leao, who has just come back from injury, is replaced by Rebic.,0
Michaël Bruno Dominique CuisanceVenezia · Midfielder #21There's a triple change for Venezia following the third Milan goal. Cuisance is the first to make way, with Kiyine on in his place. ,0
Thomas HenryVenezia · Striker #14Henry is also going off, with Crnigoj on to replace him.,0
Mattia AramuVenezia · Midfielder #10And Aramu is the last to be taken off, with Johnsen on for him.,0
Penalty GoalHERNANDEZ SCORES! The captain steps up to take the spot-kick, and it's a wonderful penalty from him. He sends Romero the wrong way, but the keeper would've had no chance anyway as Hernandez fires it into the top right corner. 3-0 Milan! ,1
VENEZIA DOWN TO 10! It's gone from bad to worse for the hosts! The referee had a perfect view of the whole thing, and he's called Svoboda across to show him a straight red card for the handball which denied the goalscoring opportunity.,3
Tonali is away from Ceccaroni and the defender desperately drags him back by his shirt to stop the break. He's booked for the challenge.,2
Asst: R. LeãoHERNANDEZ SCORES! Just like in the first half, Milan have got another quick goal! It's a good throughball from Leao to pick out Hernandez's overlapping run and the left-back does brilliantly to hold off Mazzocchi. He holds his ground before firing past Romero at the near post to double the lead. 2-0 Milan! ,1
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56There's a change for Milan at the break. Saelemaekers, who is on a booking, is taken off and replaced by Messias.,0
Gabbia gets out to Okereke on the left and pushes the forward off the ball before clipping the back of his heels. It's a clumsy tackle, and he's shown a yellow card. ,2
Saelemaekers had his eyes on the ball, so he didn't see Busio coming. He ends up catching Busio in the stomach with a high boot and he's shown an early yellow card.,2
Asst: R. LeãoIBRAHIMOVIC SCORES! It's a great move from Milan with Hernandez sliding it down the left for Leao. Okereke misses the block and the winger drives to the byline before fizzing it in for Ibrahimovic. The keeper and Svoboda both miss it and Ibrahimovic is left with a simple tap-in from a yard out. 1-0 Milan! ,1
resswell chops McCarthy down on the touchline rashly and earns himself a deserved yellow card.,2
Robert SnodgrassWest Ham · Midfielder #11Snodgrass is off for a striker in Ajeti as Pellegrini gambles on a late equaliser.,0
sst: C. WickhamGOAL!! WHAT A GOAL FROM AYEW TO WIN IT!! It's an outstanding piece of individual skill from the striker! He gets to the edge of the area, spins past one challenge and glides between the centre-halves before dinking the ball over the onrushing Jimenez and into the net! It's 2-1 to Palace now!,1
abaleta, who has been struggling to cope with Zaha today, finally picks up a yellow card for a clumsy foul on the forward.,2
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Palace goalscorer Kouyate is given a warm reception by the home fans as he's replaced in favour of a fresh pair of legs in McCarthy for the final few minutes.,0
Max MeyerCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Hodgson throws on an extra striker, with Wickham coming on in support of Ayew and Meyer making way.,0
Sébastien HallerWest Ham · Striker #22Pellegrini makes his second change, taking off a striker in Haller for a winger in Anderson.,0
sst: J. AyewGOAL!! KOUYATE FIRES PALACE LEVEL AGAINST HIS OLD CLUB! Jimenez can only fumble Ayew's cross and Kouyate is on hand in the box to thump a low effort under the keeper! It's 1-1!,1
Patrick van AanholtCrystal Palace · Defender #3Van Aanholt is replaced at left-back by Riedewald in Hodgson's first change of the day.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #18Fornals is withdrawn to be replaced by Lanzini on the left. Pellegrini had that change ready before the goal was scored.,0
Asst: M. AntonioGOAL!! WEST HAM ARE IN FRONT! Antonio slides the ball through for Snodgrass on the right, who opens up his body and curls a first-time effort into the far corner past Guaita! It's 1-0 to West Ham!,1
Abdoulaye DoucouréEverton · Midfielder #16Onyango comes on for the dying stages to replace Doucoure for the visitors.,0
atterson trips Digne as he cuts inside on the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Philippe CoutinhoAston Villa · Midfielder #23Coutinho is helped to the sidelines and Archer replaces the Brazilian. It does not look good for the Villa midfielder.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DURAN MAKES AN INSTANT IMPACT!!!!! 4-0!!!!!!! Duran pounces on a mistake by Young from a throw-in and skips past Keane before slotting an effort past Pickford. Young tries an ambitious long throw to reach Keane in the middle of the Everton defence. He sells his team-mate short and Duran nips in and applies a cool finish to get off the mark in the campaign.,1
Ollie WatkinsAston Villa · Striker #11Watkins makes way after a solid outing without finding the net. Duran replaces the forward.,0
Moussa DiabyAston Villa · Midfielder #19Diego Carlos comes on to shore up the Villa defence for Diaby.,0
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Douglas Luiz is withdrawn for Coutinho in the Villa midfield.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Bailey makes way for Tielemans in the final third after a fine performance.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BAILEY MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-0!!!!! Everton switch off at the back from a long throw into the box and Bailey slams a half-volley through Pickford's legs. Digne acts quickly on the left flank and throws the ball in long. Keane can only slice his hurried clearance straight to Bailey, who holds his composure to complete the finish.,1
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Maupay enters the action to replace the injured Iwobi.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27A change for the Toffees at the break as Dobbin replaces Gueye. An attacking move from Dyche.,0
atkins rolls away from Keane, who pulls him to the deck. The Everton defender goes into the book.,2
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Calvert-Lewin makes way for Danjuma after suffering a blow to the face earlier in the game.,0
Digne pulls back Garner as the midfielder turns away from the full-back with ease. He goes into the book.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! DOUGLAS LUIZ CONVERTS!!!!! 2-0!!!! Villa double their lead as Douglas Luiz holds his nerve from 12 yards. The Brazilian sends his effort low into the bottom-right corner. Pickford guesses the right way, but the strike has enough power and precision to find the net.,1
ickford takes his time preparing for the spot-kick and is booked for time-wasting.,2
sst: L. BaileyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MCGINN BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!! 1-0 VILLA!!!!! McGinn is on the spot in the box to turn the ball home and put Villa ahead. Diaby raids with menace at the Everton defence before he feeds Bailey. The winger raids to the byline and produces a fine cutback for McGinn to dispatch past Pickford.,1
oung wins the ball in the middle of the park and runs at the Villa defence. Douglas Luiz pulls him back and goes into the book.,2
André-Frank Zambo AnguissaFulham · Midfielder #29Zambo Anguissa is replaced by Cavaleiro as Fulham push for an instant equaliser.,0
Asst: S. BenrahmaWEST HAM SURELY WIN IT! 1-0! The pressure finally pays off as Benrahma diverts a knock-down from Haller into the path of Soucek who drills a composed finish into the bottom corner from 12 yards!,1
Loftus-Cheek is shown a yellow card after kicking the ball away to prevent a free-kick being taken quickly.,2
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14Reid makes way for Loftus-Cheek as Fulham search for a late winner.,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Striker #20Bowen departs with Lanzini taking his place in the second part of West Ham's double substitution. ,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Striker #18Fornals is replaced by Benrahma as West Ham try and inject some energy into their attack.,0
Angelo OgbonnaWest Ham · Defender #21Ogbonna is replaced by Diop after that injury.,0
Ogbonna swiftly joins Mitrovic in the book after lunging in on Reed just after the confrontation.,2
itrovic is shown a yellow card after instigating a clash with Ogbonna.,2
yanco is brought down by Nketiah and squares up to the substitute as he wasn't happy with the challenge. The Brazilian is booked for his reaction.,2
Walcott knocks it past Gabriel with a heavy touch before realising he won't reach it. He throws himself to the floor in an obvious dive and is booked for it.,2
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Arsenal's third change sees Vieira come on in place of Odegaard.,0
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Third change for Southampton now and it's the goalscorer, Armstrong, that's taken off for Edozie.,0
Adam ArmstrongSouthampton · Striker #9And Walcott comes on to face his former team in place of Adam Armstrong.,0
Joe AriboSouthampton · Striker #7There's also a double change for Southampton as well. Aribo makes way for Adams.,0
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4And White is also taken off and replaced by Tierney, which means that Tomiyasu will shift across to right-back.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Arsenal are making the first changes of the game. Martinelli is the first to go off, with Nketiah on in his place.,0
Asst: M. ElyounoussiSTUART AMSTRONG EQUALISES! Aribo lets the throughball run through to Perraud, who squares it to Elyounoussi. His reverse pass between Tomiyasu and Gabriel picks out Armstrong, who coolly slots it past Ramsdale into the back of the net. 1-1!,1
aka was bursting into the box when Caleta-Car stuck out a leg to try and get the ball. He pulled out of the challenge and Saka went looking for the contact. He goes down and gets booked for diving.,2
Asst: B. WhiteXHAKA SCORES! It's been coming for Arsenal! White starts the move in his own half, playing the one-two with Saka to get away down the right. He squares it into the box and Xhaka is unmarked in the middle to hit the shot on the half-volley, firing it over Bazunu into the roof of the net. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
Callum Hudson-OdoiNottm Forest · Midfielder #14Unfortunately, Hudson-Odoi signals to the bench that he is unable to continue. Helped from the field by a member of Forest's medical team, he is replaced by debutant Ribeiro.,0
eto races out of goal to question the decision to send Billing off. The Bournemouth skipper is booked for his troubles.,2
RED CARD FOR BILLING! Bournemouth are down to 10 men. With Hudson-Odoi threatening to race away on the counter, Billing looks to stop him in his tracks and stamps down on the back of the Forest winger's Achilles. Although the contact appeared to be accidental, it was dangerous and the referee shows him a straight red card.,3
Lloyd KellyBournemouth · Defender #5Bournemouth make a change at left-back with Kerkez introduced in favour of Kelly.,0
Neco WilliamsNottm Forest · Defender #7Forest make two changes. The first comes at right-back with Montiel replacing Williams.,0
Anthony ElangaNottm Forest · Midfielder #21There is a debut for loanee Reyna as he comes on in place of Elanga for the last 12 minutes.,0
Yates catches Ouattara with a rash challenge and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Nicolás DomínguezNottm Forest · Midfielder #16The hardworking Dominguez is given a well-earned breather by Forest, with Danilo on in his place.,0
Luis SinisterraBournemouth · Midfielder #17That was one of Sinisterra's final actions of the game. He goes off to be replaced by Ouattara.,0
Justin KluivertBournemouth · Midfielder #19Kluivert is also shrewdly withdrawn by Iraola. Billing comes on in his place.,0
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10The hosts make a double-change. The first of these sees Christie make way to be replaced by Scott.,0
After Kluivert pushes him to the ground, Omobamidele is unhappy not to see a second yellow card shown to the Bournemouth midfielder. His frustration sees the Forest defender receive one himself.,2
Antoine SemenyoBournemouth · Midfielder #24The hosts make a change at the break. Semenyo, who was struggling towards the end of the first half, makes way for Tavernier.,0
HUDSON-ODOI!!! 1-1! FOREST ARE LEVEL! The visitors hit back just before the break. After a free-kick is cleared, the ball breaks kindly for Hudson-Odoi, who skips inside before bending a 20-yard shot into the bottom-right corner.,1
Frustrated at not being awarded a free-kick after tangling with Yates, Kluivert then makes a silly challenge on Elanga and has his name taken.,2
Senesi is very late with his sliding challenge on Hudson-Odoi. The Bournemouth defender can have no complaints as he goes into the book.,2
Asst: L. SinisterraGOAL!!! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! What a start by the hosts! They take the lead after just five minutes. Cook's inswinging corner is glanced on by Sinisterra. Kluivert goes in at the far post to make sure, though it is unclear whether or not he touched the ball before it crossed the line. Either way, the Cherries are in front.,1
Asst: F. KessiéGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MESSIAS STUNS THE WANDA METROPOLITANO!!!!!! 1-0 MILAN!!!! The Italian side take the lead in the dying stages of the game as Messias rises to plant a bullet header past Oblak from six yards. Kessie does brilliantly down the left flank to raid at the Atletico defence before supplying a perfect left-footed cross. Messias gets between Savic and Gimenez before applying the finish.,1
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #8Griezmann is withdrawn for Kondogbia as Simeone puts another defensive-minded player into the action.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Bennacer replaces Diaz for the final 12 minutes of the game.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Vrsaljko makes his way on to the pitch to replace De Paul for the hosts.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Suarez is withdrawn for the home side after a quiet game. Cunha replaces the forward.,0
Bakayoko catches Koke with a high boot and goes into the book after two minutes on the pitch.,2
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud pulls up with a hamstring injury and has to leave the field. Ibrahimovic enters the frey to replace the Frenchman.,0
Pierre KaluluMilan · Defender #20Florenzi comes on at the back for Milan to replace Kalulu at right-back.,0
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33Messias enters the action to replace Krunic in the final third for the visitors.,0
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8Tonali makes way from the Milan midfield and is replaced by Bakayoko.,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Hermoso leaves the field for the hosts and is replaced by Lodi.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Lemar is withdrawn after an uneventful game and is replaced by Correa.,0
Llorente pulls back Hernandez down the Milan left flank and goes into the book.,2
iroud goes into the book for catching Koke in the face with a stray arm as he tries to fend off the Atletico skipper.,2
eymar and Mbappe fly forward for one last attack, but Jesus intervenes by cynically fouling his Brazil international team-mate, and is booked.,2
Cancelo slides into a challenge rather recklessly and catches Messi late, and is booked for his troubles.,2
sst: B. SilvaGOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! It's 2-1 to City!!!!!!! Gundogan advances down the right and cuts the ball back to Mahrez. His cross to Silva sees the Portuguese tap it across to Jesus, who taps it past Navas and into the back of the net!!!!,1
Nuno MendesPSG · Defender #25Mendes' injury means he can't carry on, and Thilo Kehrer comes on for him.,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27Gueye is withdrawn for Di Maria as PSG look to fight attack with attack.,0
sst: G. JesusGOOOOALLLL!!! Finally, City have their goal!!! Walker shoots forward and Rodri finds him, before crossing on the volley across the face of goal. It's through the legs of Jesus, and Sterling is there to tap it into the far corner to level the scores at 1-1!!! What a game we have going on here!,1
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21Herrera can't carry on, and Danilo Pereira comes on in his place.,0
Paredes gets to a loose ball ahead of Rodri and is caught immediately by the City midfielder, who subsequently receives the first booking of the game.,2
Oleksandr ZinchenkoMan City · Midfielder #11Pep Guardiola introduces the first of his substitutes, as the more attacking Gabriel Jesus comes on for Zinchenko.,0
OOOOOALLLLL!!!! PSG LEAD!!! Messi and Herrera play a lovely one-two on the edge of the box, and Messi's cross is deflected right into the path of Mbappe. He sets himself, and then fires a low shot straight through Ederson's legs and PSG lead 1-0!,1
Lo Celso goes into the book for a loose challenge on Djenepo.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! INGS GETS A CONSOLATION!!! 5-2!!!! Ings gets on the scoresheet for the second time in the game. He holds his nerve from 12 yards, drilling his effort straight down the middle of the net. A decent outing for the striker this afternoon to get off the mark in the campaign.,1
Harry KaneTottenham · Striker #10Kane is withdrawn for the final six minutes and is replaced by Bergwijn.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KANE GETS ON THE SCORESHEET!!! 5-1!! The England captain gets a deserved goal for his exploits this afternoon. It's horrendous defending from the Saints as Lamela is afforded space and time on the left flank. Stephens allows him to shoot, but McCarthy turns it on to the post. Kane is the first to react on the rebound in the six-yard box to poke the ball home. ,1
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Adams is replaced by Long for the closing stages of the game.,0
oherty brings down Djenepo down the flank and goes into the book.,2
sst: H. KaneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SON HAS FOUR!!!!! 4-1!!! Tottenham are running riot now. Kane notches his fourth assist of the game with a brilliant cross-field pass into the box. Son takes the ball in stride and has space and time to pick his spot. He lifts his effort over McCarthy into the back of the net. All too easy for the visitors.,1
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Armstrong is replaced by Tella in the final third for the hosts.,0
sst: H. KaneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SON COMPLETES HIS HAT-TRICK! 3-1 SPURS! The visitors break on the counter and punish the Saints as Son is clinical in front of goal. Kane is once again the provider, picking out the run of the South Korean with a chip over the top. Son takes the ball in stide and surges into the box. He has no problem holding his composure, drilling his effort past McCarthy into the back of the net.,1
Lucas MouraTottenham · Striker #27Lucas is withdrawn by Mourinho and is replaced by Lamela.,0
Oriol RomeuSouthampton · Midfielder #6Romeu is withdrawn having been booked and is replaced by Smallbone.,0
sst: H. KaneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SON NOTCHES HIS SECOND TO PUT TOTTENHAM AHEAD!!! 2-1!!! Just like that Spurs have the lead. Kane releases Son with another precise throughball, leaving the forward with only McCarthy to beat. Son takes the strike on his left foot and buries his strike low and hard into the bottom-left corner. Clinical from the South Korean.,1
sst: H. KaneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SON EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! Tottenham get back in the game on the stroke of half-time as Son dispatches a well-placed effort past McCarthy. Kane is played into space on the left flank and he sends a precise throughball across the box for Son. The forward takes a touch before clipping his strike across the Southampton keeper into the bottom-left corner.,1
ertrand becomes the third Southampton player to be booked following a foul on Doherty.,2
Adams goes into the book as he catches Sanchez in his attempt to attack the ball.,2
sst: K. Walker-PetersGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! INGS SCORES A SUPER GOAL!!!! 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON!!! The home side take the lead courtesy of a fine finish from Ings. Walker-Peters sends a long ball over the top into the right inside channel for Ings to chase. He gets in behind Dier and Sanchez, but still has the angle against him. However, he strikes his effort with precision away from Lloris into the bottom-left corner. Ings is off the mark this term.,1
omeu slides in hard on his former team-mate Hojbjerg and goes into the book.,2
Moussa DjenepoSouthampton · Midfielder #12Southampton are making a double change with the first switch seeing Tella replace Djenepo.,0
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Southampton's second swap sees Adams replaced by Obafemi.,0
Bardsley is shown the first yellow card of the match following a late tackle on Djenepo.,2
sst: C. AdamsGOOOAL! Ings makes it 1-0 to Southampton! Walker-Peters slides a measured pass into Adams near the right-hand byline and he cuts it back for Ings who arrives ahead of Dunne to sidefoot his effort into an empty net.,1
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Spurs eat away at the clock some more, as Son makes way for Lamela.,0
Saka is the latest player to receive a yellow card: this one, is for a frustrated hack on Sissoko near the touchline.,2
Bergwijn immediately makes his mark with a cynical trip on the halfway line that results in a yellow card.,2
Sead KolašinacArsenal · Defender #31Arsenal complete a raft of attacking substitutions by replacing the defender Kolasinac with the forward, Nelson.,0
Héctor BellerínArsenal · Midfielder #2Bellerin is replaced by Cedric as Arsenal search for more energy on the right flank.,0
Kieran TierneyArsenal · Midfielder #3Tierney makes way for Willock as Arsenal search for a late equaliser.,0
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18Lo Celso makes way for Skipp in midfield as Spurs make a flurry of defensive substitutions.  ,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Lucas is replaced by Bergwijn after a busy game on the left flank for the hosts.,0
sst: H. SonTOTTENHAM TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! Son whips in a dangerous delivery to the front post and it's met firmly by Alderweireld, who cushions his header across goal and into the far corner!,1
inks is finally booked after a number of fouls - the latest being a trip on Lacazette, after the attacker had masterfully spun past him near the centre-circle.  ,2
Nicolas PépéArsenal · Striker #19Saka comes on for Pepe to refresh Arsenal's right flank.,0
Pepe pulls Davies over just as Spurs attempt a rare foray forward and the attacker is shown a yellow card.,2
Davies joins the growing list of players to be booked after knocking over Lacazette near the halfway line.,2
acazette is booked for a cynical trip that prevents Lo Celso from breaking away.,2
Aurier gets on the wrong side of Lacazette and opts to haul the attacker over to prevent the counter-attack, but earn himself a yellow card. ,2
PURS EQUALISE IMMEDIATELY! 1-1! It's a disaster for Kolasinac, who hits a wayward pass backwards and beyond Luiz, allowing Son to race through on goal, before rounding Martinez and dinking it over the desperate lunge of Luiz and into the net!,1
sst: G. XhakaBRILLIANT STRIKE FROM LACAZETTE! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Spurs fail to clear their lines and eventually Aurier's challenge allows the ball to fall to Lacazette, who takes a touch, before lashing a fierce shot past Lloris at the near post from 20 yards!,1
Lo Celso is booked for a cynical trip on Xhaka near the halfway line.,2
Asst: P. NetoGOAL!!! CUNHA REDUCES THE ARREARS!!! The former Atletico Madrid man gets up well to meet Neto's delivery from the left before heading goalwards. Johnstone does get a hand to it but cannot stop the ball going in, and it is now 3-2 to Palace. Can Wolves pull off the dramatic late comeback?,1
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Having scored two important goals, Edouard makes way for Hughes as Hodgson looks to shore it up.,0
Asst: J. MatetaGOAL!!! EDOUARD MAKES IT 3-1!!! It is a brilliant team goal, as Edouard plays the ball to Mateta outside the box. The substitute's clever flick then gives possession back to Edouard, who finishes into the bottom left corner to surely put the game beyond Wolves' reach.,1
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Defender #3Bueno also enters the fray, with Ait-Nouri making way.,0
João GomesWolves · Midfielder #8Last weekend's hero Kalajdzic is on in place of Gomes as O'Neil looks to haul his side back into the game.,0
Asst: J. MatetaGOAL!!! EZE RESTORES PALACE'S LEAD!!! Ward lofts a delivery into the Wolves box, and Mateta is able to divert the ball into Eze's path off his back. The former Queens Park Rangers man latches onto it, before poking past Sa to put the hosts 2-1 up!,1
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Striker #15Mateta comes on for Schlupp after scoring a hat-trick in midweek.,0
Asst: P. NetoGOAL!!! WOLVES ARE LEVEL!!! It is the substitute Hwang who gets the equaliser. He meets Neto's free-kick delivery from the left, with the ball appearing to come off his shoulder rather than his head. He will not care a jot, though, as the ball flies past Johnstone and into the back of the net to make it 1-1. Game on!,1
Pablo SarabiaWolves · Midfielder #21O'Neil makes his first substitution of the contest, introducing Hwang for Sarabia.,0
Asst: T. MitchellGOAL!!! PALACE TAKE THE LEAD!!! Edouard scores for the second straight game in all competitions, nipping in front of Kilman to get on the end of Mitchell's cross from the left. He meets the delivery, poking past Sa to put the hosts 1-0 up!,1
omes goes in the book for cynically dragging back Eze after the Palace forward dispossessed him in midfield.,2
ard receives a yellow card for a very late challenge on Neto near the touchline.,2
it-Nouri and Ayew clash after the Wolves man fouls the Palace forward, with the former receiving a booking for his part in the scuffle.,2
Semedo is perhaps unfortunate to receive a yellow card as Schlupp goes down near the corner flag under the full-back's challenge.,2
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Dimarco enters the action for the dying minutes to replace Bastoni at the back.,0
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Ranocchia comes on for the closing stages for De Vrij, who must be carrying a knock.,0
Arturo VidalInter · Midfielder #22Gagliardini replaces Vidal in the Inter midfield for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries makes way for Darmian at right wing-back for the home side.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Thiago has been industrious this evening and now makes way for Milner in the Liverpool midfield.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!! SALAH MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The visitors double their lead courtesy of a precise strike from Salah. Once again a cross proves to be Inter's downfall as Van Dijk nods Alexander-Arnold's delivery towards the penalty spot. Konate wisely leaves the loose ball for Salah to strike and the forward makes no mistake, placing his effort away from Handanovic into the bottom-right corner with the aid of a deflection.,1
sst: A. RobertsonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FIRMINO PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! The Brazilian rises at the near post to glance Robertson's cross away from Handanovic into the net. Robertson puts his delivery on the money from a corner on the right flank. Firmino attacks the cross at the near post, rising above his man before glancing his effort away from the Inter keeper into the bottom-left corner. Precision from the Liverpool forward.,1
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Sanchez replaces Martinez in the final third for the home side.,0
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Henderson replaces Fabinho in the middle of the park and immediately takes the armband from Van Dijk.,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Mane is withdrawn by Klopp as Diaz enters the field to replace the forward in the final third.,0
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #67Elliott created history for the Reds by becoming their youngest Champions League starter tonight. He is now withdrawn for Keita.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Jota is withdrawn at the break for the visitors and is replaced by Firmino.,0
James Ward-ProwseSouthampton · Midfielder #8The Southampton faithful are given one last chance to show their appreciation for Ward-Prowse, who makes way three minutes before injury time. Amo-Ameyaw is given an opportunity to play.,0
Kamaldeen SulemanaSouthampton · Striker #20Sulemana's impressive match comes to an end, with Ballard set to see out the final four minutes.,0
Theo WalcottSouthampton · Midfielder #32Livramento gets 13 minutes at the end of the match to stretch his legs, with Walcott giving way.,0
Asst: M. SalahWE’RE NOT DONE YET! 4-4! Liverpool have now come back from a two-goal deficit themselves, finding the back of the net for the second time in just over a minute! Diaz keeps the ball in-play right in front of the technical area, before spraying a lovely cross-pitch pass for Salah. The winger has time and space to turn inside the centre-circle and lays it off to Jota, who meets the pass with a hammered shot high into the roof of the goal!,1
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGAKPO ADDS ANOTHER TWIST! 4-3! It’s a sensational one-touch goal, with Jota starting the move by playing a square pass from the right to Elliott, who immediately chips it over the top for Alexander-Arnold. The right-back instantly puts the ball across the face of goal for Gakpo, who meets it with a pass into the open net!,1
 GOAL IN LESS THAN 60 SECONDS ON THE PITCH! 4-2! Adam Armstrong comes into the game and takes his position inside the centre-circle, before stepping forward to press Henderson inside the Liverpool half. The visiting captain plays a telegraphed pass that’s intercepted by the substitute, who drives down the pitch and beats Kelleher with a neat finish!,1
Mohamed ElyounoussiSouthampton · Midfielder #24Elyounoussi comes off, with Stuart Armstrong ready to take his spot.,0
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Confirmation of the enforced change due to injury, with Lavia making way for Adam Armstrong.,0
A scuffle inside Southampton’s penalty area following a save by McCarthy leads to a yellow card for Elliott, who has come on just three minutes ago.,2
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Firmino goes off to loud applause from the travelling support, with Diaz set to take the spot of the outgoing forward in the line-up.,0
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Fabinho is rested just before the hour, with Henderson coming on to the pitch.,0
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Jones is also replaced, with Gakpo on in his stead.,0
Konstantinos TsimikasLiverpool · Defender #21Elliott comes on for Tsimikas in Liverpool's first change of the day.,0
Asst: LyancoWHAT A GOAL! COMEBACK COMPLETE! 3-2! It’s a sensational and superb solo effort from Sulemana, who controls the ball after Lyanco’s lashed clearance on the edge of his penalty area and drives forward the entire length of Liverpool’s half before curling a fantastic shot past Kelleher from 18 yards out!,1
Asst: T. WalcottGAME ON! 2-2 AT ST. MARY’S! A turnover in midfield sets Southampton immediately away on the attack, with Walcott taking a touch before slipping a clever pass through the lines for Sulemana. The striker beats Gomez to the ball and slips a first-time effort underneath the diving Kelleher for his first Saints goal!,1
The first yellow card goes the way of Tsimikas, who cynically tugged Sulemana back with a pull to his arm to prevent the forward from breaking into the Liverpool half.,2
sst: C. AlcarazTHE CAPTAIN CUTS THE DEFICIT! 2-1! A rare attack down the right pays dividends for Southampton, with Alcaraz cutting inside from the wing and playing a one-two with Sulemana, before finding Ward-Prowse on the far side of the penalty area. The unmarked midfielder then rolls his first-time effort perfectly into the bottom corner, beating the outstretched hand of Kelleher!,1
sst: FabinhoA PARTING GOAL FOR FIRMINO! 2-0 LIVERPOOL! Alexander-Arnold’s teased free-kick from 40 yards out is punched away by McCarthy, but the visitors are allowed to regain possession inside Southampton’s half. With numbers forward, Fabinho is able to find Firmino inside the penalty area, with the striker faking a shot twice before putting it through the legs of the goalkeeper!,1
A MISTAKE AT THE BACK GIVES LIVERPOOL THE LEAD! 1-0! McCarthy catches a Salah cross and immediately rolls it out to Bednarek inside his own penalty area. Lavia drops back to get on the ball but his pass forward is immediately intercepted by Jota, who places his shot into the empty net!,1
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Burnley substitution. The 18-year-old forward Richardson replaces the quiet Gudmunds­son.,0
Theo WalcottSouthampton · Midfielder #32Southampton make another change to wind the clock down. Djenepo is on for Walcott.,0
Danny IngsSouthampton · Striker #9Southampton take no chances with Ings. Adams comes on to replace him for the last few minutes.,0
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Southampton make a change of their own. The centre-back Salisu comes on for Armstrong.,0
Matěj VydraBurnley · Striker #27Burnley bring on fresh legs up front. Vydra, one of their goalscorers, makes way for Rodriguez.,0
Asst: T. WalcottGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 3-2 BURNLEY! Southampton come from 2-0 down to take the lead for the first time! Redmond smacks the ball into the net from the left of the box as Pope saves Ings' strike and Walcott hangs it up to the far post for Redmond to finish.,1
sst: N. RedmondGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 2-2 BURNLEY! Ings pulls Southampton level with a lovely goal! Burnley get caught upfield and Ings darts in behind, taking a touch inside to beat the sliding Tarkowski and finishing coolly.,1
Erik PietersBurnley · Defender #23Here's that enforced Burnley change. Taylor replaces the stricken Pieters at left-back.,0
Asst: D. IngsGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 1-2 BURNLEY! Armstrong halves Southampton's deficit straight away! The hosts put together some tidy play on the edge of Burnley's box, with Ings laying off for Armstrong who cuts inside and fires into the bottom left corner.,1
Asst: C. WoodGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-2 BURNLEY! Vydra doubles Burnley's lead! There's an aerial tussle and Mee booms the ball forward from the back. Wood nods it down for Vydra who spanks it first time past Forster!,1
enalty GoalGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-1 BURNLEY! Wood steps up and smashes the penalty kick down the middle beyond the diving Forster! Burnley take an early lead. They have been the more positive side so far.,1
Hughes is holding Foden around the waist as he drags him away from the ball and he's booked for the challenge.,2
Roberto PereyraWatford · Midfielder #37Final change for Watford now as Pereyra makes way for Masina.,0
Abdoulaye DoucouréWatford · Midfielder #16Another change for Watford now and it's Chalobah that's coming on for Doucoure.,0
ariappa pulls Foden back to stop him reaching the ball and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Aymeric LaporteMan City · Defender #14The third change for City sees Laporte replaced by Stones.,0
Troy DeeneyWatford · Striker #9Watford make their first change now and it's Deeney making way for Welbeck.,0
Asst: K. De BruyneLAPORTE SCORES! It's a great cross from De Bruyne and Laporte gets ahead of Foden at the far post to head the ball back across goal and into the far side netting. 4-0 City!,1
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7Sterling is the other player to come off as he's replaced by Mahrez.,0
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2There's a double change for City following the goal with Walker making way for Zinchenko.,0
CITY HAVE A THIRD! Sterling's shot from the right of the box is saved by Foster as he gets a hand to it, but he only pushes it into Foden's path and he's left with a simple tap-in into an empty net. There is a VAR check for offside, but the goal stands. 3-0 City!,1
TERLING SCORES THE REBOUND! He may not have scored the penalty but when Foster pushes the ball away from goal, Sterling is alert to it and turns the ball into the back of the net on the second attempt. 2-0 City!,1
sst: K. WalkerCITY LEAD! Hughes misses the cross into the box but Sterling controls it well with his first touch. It's a brilliant goal from him as he fires it across goal and into the top-left corner, leaving Foster with no chance. 1-0 City!,1
Brandon WilliamsMan United · Defender #53Williams then sees his full league debut for United come to an end as he is replaced by Rojo.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10United make a double substitution in stoppage time with the first switch seeing Rashford replaced by Greenwood.,0
Propper becomes the fifth Brighton player to receive a booking after tugging back Lingard on the edge of the box.,2
Andreas PereiraMan United · Midfielder #15United are making their first change as Pereira is replaced by Lingard.,0
Asst: A. MartialGOOOAL! Rashford makes it 3-1 to United! Fred slides a throughball into the path of Martial who is tackled by Dunk, but the striker shows great awareness to pull it back to Rashford who sees his drilled effort crash off the crossbar and into the net.,1
sst: P. GroßGOOOAL! Dunk pulls one back to make it 2-1! Gross whips a corner delivery in from the right-hand side, and Dunk then rises above Maguire just outside the six-yard box to close the gap between the sides.,1
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Midfielder #11Brighton make their third and final change of the match as Trossard is replaced by Gross.,0
Williams is shown a yellow card following a late tackle on Alzate, but there will be a VAR check to assess whether it was a red-card offence.,2
Martín MontoyaBrighton · Defender #22Brighton are making a double substitution at the break with the first change seeing Montoya replaced by March.,0
Aaron ConnollyBrighton · Striker #44The second Brighton switch sees Murray enter the fray in place of Connolly.,0
Burn is the latest player to be booked by the referee following a late tackle on James near the United right wing.,2
Rashford is shown United's first yellow card of the match following a late tackle from behind on Montoya.,2
Montoya is shown Brighton's third yellow card of the match following a poor tackle on Rashford.,2
Asst: H. MaguireGOOOAL! An own goal from Propper makes it 2-0 to United! Fred whips a testing delivery into the box which Maguire manages to nod down to McTominay, but Propper pokes the ball into the net from close range before McTominay can reach it. However, there will be a VAR check before the goal is confirmed...,1
unk is shown a yellow card following a lunging challenge on James near the right flank.,2
Asst: A. MartialGOOOAL! Pereira makes it 1-0 to United! The attacking midfielder surges forward from deep before Stephens' intervenion helps him pick out Martial on the left-hand side of the box. The forward then bides his time before pulling it back to Pereira on the edge of the area, and he sweeps his effort into the net with a helping hand from Stephens' wicked deflection.,1
tephens is shown the first yellow card of the match for a late challenge on Pereira inside the Brighton half.,2
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39Final change for United now and it's a defensive one as Bailly comes on to replace McTominay.,0
Penalty GoalUNITED ARE LEVEL! It's Bruno Fernandes that steps up to take it and it's a confident spot-kick from the midfielder. He sends Lloris the wrong way and fires the ball into the bottom-left corner. 1-1!,1
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2Lindelof is limping as he comes off and Matic is on in his place.,0
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9Another double change for United now and it's Martial that's coming off now for Ighalo.,0
Érik LamelaTottenham · Midfielder #11Lamela is the other player to make way as Gedson Fernandes comes on.,0
Steven BergwijnTottenham · Midfielder #23Mourinho is making a double change now and the goal scorer, Bergwijn, makes way first for Lo Celso.,0
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Pogba is also brought on and he replaces Fred.,0
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21Solskjaer is making a double change now and James is the first to make way as Greenwood replaces him.,0
James is dispossessed by Dier and he feels that he should've had a free-kick. He gets up and catches Dier with a late challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: S. AurierSPURS TAKE THE LEAD! United don't deal with Lloris' goal-kick and Aurier finds Bergwijn. He still has a lot to do though as he dribbles past two United defenders to get into the box and fires his shot at goal. De Gea gets a hand to it, but can't stop the ball from hitting the back of the net. 1-0 Spurs!,1
Jude BellinghamReal Madrid · Midfielder #5Bellingham also makes his way off for Los Blancos after having 73 touches. Carvajal is on.,0
JoseluReal Madrid · Striker #14Joselu is denied his hat-trick by a ruthless Ancelotti, who takes him off in the latter stages. Diaz comes on and is given a chance to impress.,0
Borja MayoralGetafe · Striker #19Former Madrid man Mayoral is given a round of applause from the home fans after an unselfish performance up front. He is replaced by Mata.,0
Nemanja MaksimovićGetafe · Midfielder #20Getafe make their fifth and final substitution. Maksimovic is replaced by Santiago.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #7Madrid make a swap in their attack. Vinicius assisted Madrid's second goal and has been a threat on the counter. He is replaced by Rodrygo.,0
Asst: V. JúniorGOALLL! JOSELU SCORES AGAIN! 2-0 MADRID! Clincal finish from Joselu. Mendy plays a pass inside to Vinicius, who drives inside from the left before playing a pass into the feet of Joselu on the edge of the box. He touches the ball past Alderete before driving a low shot into the bottom-right corner.,1
José Ángel CarmonaGetafe · Midfielder #18Carmona came in for this match but is off before the second half. Martin is on.,0
Antonio RüdigerReal Madrid · Defender #22Rudiger was struggling with an injury near the end of the first half and has not reappeared after the break. The versatile Camavinga is on.,0
Djene DakonamGetafe · Midfielder #2Getafe head coach Bordalas has seen enough and has decided to make several changes before the restart. Captain Djene was on a yellow card and is being replaced. Left-back Rico comes on in his place.,0
Domingos DuarteGetafe · Defender #6Centre-back Duarte is also coming off. Latasa is on to try and help Getafe get back into it.,0
Mendy is the first Madrid player to go into the book after a foul on the right inside Los Blancos' half.,2
jene is shown the first yellow card for a late tackle on Tchouameni. He steps on his foot after the ball is already gone.,2
Asst: L. VázquezGOALLL! JOSELU SCORES! 1-0 MADRID! Los Blancos have the lead. Valverde has possession on the right and he slides a pass down the wing to Vazquez, who overlaps him with speed. The right-back then lofts a cross towards Joselu, who gets away from Duarte and powers a header into the net.,1
Free-kick to Chelsea right on the edge of the penalty area after Aina slides in and stops Werner just as he was about to break into the box. A definite yellow card for the Fulham defender.,2
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Midfielder #21Chelsea also make their final change, with Chilwell replaced by Alonso at left-back.,0
Josh MajaFulham · Striker #27Another Fulham change now, with Maja replaced up top by Mitrovic.,0
Mario LeminaFulham · Midfielder #18Carvalho is on for his Fulham debut, replacing Lemina.,0
Ivan CavaleiroFulham · Midfielder #17Double Fulham substitution now, the first of which sees Cavaleiro head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Onomah.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19It looks like Tuchel is going to give Mount a rest, as he is replaced by Abraham.,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Chelsea made their first change of the game, with Ziyech the man coming off and he has been replaced by Kante.,0
Asst: T. WernerGOOOAAALLL! Havertz gets his second of the game and he doubles Chelsea’s lead, it’s 2-0! Chilwell plays a lovely ball forward to Havertz, who sprints forward and plays a one-two with Werner on the edge of the box, receiving the ball back in behind the Fulham defence and he just slides it into the back of the net. Great move and finish.,1
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Zouma after he dives into the back of Anguissa and gets nowhere near the ball.,2
Asst: M. MountGOOOAAALLL! Havertz fires Chelsea ahead after just 10 minutes, it’s 1-0! It comes from a long ball over the top from the back and Mount controls it brilliantly, getting away from his marker and then just sliding it through to Havertz in behind, who coolly slots it into the bottom right corner of the net.,1
Asst: R. GagliardiniPERISIC SCORES! Fiorentina are slow to get back this time, with Biraghi playing everyone onside. Gagliardini does well to square the ball into Perisic, and he's left with a simple tap-in, past Dragowski who rushed off his line to try and smother it. 3-1 Inter! ,1
Giacomo BonaventuraFiorentina · Midfielder #5And Bonaventura is also going off, with Callejon on for him.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu is also making way, with Gagliardini on for him.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Final changes for Inter now and Martinez is being taken off and replaced by Dimarco.,0
Calhanoglu has been booked after he caught Bonaventura with a late challenge.,2
FIORENTINA DOWN TO 10! Gonzalez's temper has got the better of him here. Within seconds of the first yellow card being shown, he sarcastically applauds the referee for the decision, resulting in a second booking for dissent and a red card.,3
Gonzalez's shirt was being tugged by Bastoni and the forward backed into him. A free-kick is given against him, and he's furious with the decision. The referee books him for dissent.,2
Riccardo SottilFiorentina · Striker #33Third change for Fiorentina now as the goal scorer, Sottil, makes way for Saponara.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9And Sanchez is also being introduced as he comes on to replace Dzeko.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23There's a double change for Inter now, with Vecino being brought on in place of Barella.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Inter are also making a substitution. Darmian, who just picked up a yellow card is off, with Dumfries on for him.,0
Marco BenassiFiorentina · Defender #24Fiorentina are making a double change here and Benassi is the first to make way, with Odriozola replacing him.,0
Lucas TorreiraFiorentina · Midfielder #18Torreira is also taken off, with Amrabat on for him.,0
Darmian slid in on Duncan earlier in Fiorentina's attack and clipped the midfielder. The referee let play carry on, but has gone back to book Darmian for the challenge.,2
sst: H. ÇalhanoğluINTER LEAD! In just three minutes, they've completely turned this game around! It's a good corner from Calhanoglu and Dzeko rises highest on the edge of the six-yard box to meet it. He thumps his header into the ground and the bounce beats Dragowski before hitting the net. 2-1 Inter! ,1
Asst: N. BarellaDARMIAN EQUALISES! Fiorentina were late to spot Darmian hovering unmarked at the far post, but Barella picks him out with a short pass. He lets it roll across his body before hitting it first time. He slots it under Dragowski and into the far corner. After a quick VAR check for offside, it stands, and it's 1-1! ,1
Asst: N. GonzalezSOTTIL SCORES! It's been coming and Fiorentina have finally found the back of the net! Skriniar is beaten in the air by Gonzalez, who turns and plays a dangerous ball across the six-yard box. Sottil is following it in at the far post, unmarked, and fires it into the roof of the goal from close range. 1-0 Fiorentina! ,1
Gonzalez gets away from Skriniar, and the defender slides in from behind to try and win the ball. He clips his heels, giving away a free-kick and picks up a booking.,2
Ciaron BrownOxford Utd · Defender #16Left-back Brown heads off as well and on comes Fleming for his Oxford debut.,0
Marcus McGuaneOxford Utd · Midfielder #18Oxford make another double change with central midfielder McGuane off for Johnson.,0
Fábio VieiraArsenal · Midfielder #21Vieira, who assisted Arsenal's first two goals, heads off as well with Marquinhos coming on in his place.,0
Takehiro TomiyasuArsenal · Defender #18Arsenal make another double change. First off is right-back Tomiyasu with White coming on to replace him.,0
Matt TaylorOxford Utd · Striker #9Oxford turn to their bench with a double change. First off is Taylor with the youngster O'Donkor on to replace him.,0
Billy BodinOxford Utd · Midfielder #7Goodrham is also on in the forward line with Bodin making way.,0
Asst: G. MartinelliGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! 3-0!! Nketiah is at the double and this game is surely out of sight for Arsenal now. Arsenal break forward from their own half and Martinelli has time and space to slide through Nketiah. The finish is sublime and full of confidence from the Arsenal striker as he dinks it delightfully over the onrushing McGinty and into the Oxford net.,1
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Saka is not risked any further and is taken off with Smith Rowe coming on for his first minutes since September.,0
Asst: F. VieiraGOOOOOAALLLL!!!! 2-0!!! Nketiah has doubled Arsenal's lead and there is some much-needed breathing space for the Premier League side. Arsenal win the ball back in the middle of the park and Vieira finds himself with all kinds of space. He slides through Nketiah with a perfectly-weighted ball and the striker makes no mistake, rounding the goalkeeper and slotting into the empty net.,1
Asst: F. VieiraGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! ARSENAL ARE AHEAD!!! The Premier League leaders finally have their goal from a free-kick. It is a great cross from Vieira and a powerful header from Elneny who finds space in the Oxford box.,1
Josh MurphyOxford Utd · Midfielder #23Robinson and Oxford make a change as well with Murphy being replaced by Wildschut.,0
Albert Sambi LokongaArsenal · Midfielder #23In midfield, there is also a change for Arsenal with Xhaka coming on for Lokonga.,0
Kieran TierneyArsenal · Defender #3Arsenal turn to the bench for the first time in this game with a double change. Zinchenko comes on for Tierney at left-back.,0
Oxford's left-back Brown is the first to enter the book after a foul on Nketiah.,2
Emil KrafthNewcastle · Defender #17Krafth's off, and Dwight Gayle's on as Newcastle will look to throw everything at Brighton now!,0
ED CARD!!! Sanchez has just caught Wilson, but he's the last man and it's a straight red! Webster gets the gloves on for the last few minutes as this game goes right down to the wire!!!,3
aupay looks to get around the outside of Murphy, but he clips the Newcastle man's face with his hand on the way and is booked.,2
issouma is yellow carded as he's all over Hayden and illegally impedes him.,2
Tariq LampteyBrighton · Midfielder #2Lamptey has been impressive in his first start since returning from injury, but he's taken off as a precaution and Adam Webster replaces him.,0
Lallana and Saint-Maximin tussle for the ball, leading to the Brighton midfielder committing a foul and being given a yellow card. It's not been the most disciplined last few minutes, for either team.,2
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Almiron is withdrawn by Graeme Jones, and Joelinton comes on in his place.,0
ilson shoves Mac Allister down for no need whatsoever, and is booked by David Coote as a result.,2
Asst: C. ClarkGOOOALLLL!!! There's the equaliser and the away end goes ballistic! Ritchie's cross is headed down by Clark at the back post, and there's Hayden to volley past Sanchez to make it 1-1! Game on!,1
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20March comes off, and Brighton reinforce their striking options through the introduction of Neal Maupay.,0
It's the curse of the live text commentator as Murphy is booked for a foul on Cucurella!,2
Enock MwepuBrighton · Midfielder #12Alexis Mac Allister will come on for the second half, replacing Mwepu for Brighton.,0
ewcastle captain Lascelles smashes into Trossard late, and is given the game's first booking as a result.,2
sst: A. OnanaGOOOOALLLL!! MCNEIL AT THE DOUBLE!! 5-1! What a finish from McNeil and Everton have five! As he's done all game it's a fantastic burst down the left into the box. He has Iwobi in the box but instead goes on the outside of Gross before rifling in an emphatic strike into the near post. What a performance from the Everton winger.,1
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Calvert-Lewin was fantastic in that first off and he now makes way for Maupay up front.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Everton turn to their bench with a double change. Gueye makes way for Onana in central midfield.,0
GOOOOAAALLL!! BRIGHTON HAVE ONE BACK!! A flukey goal from Mac Allister and Brighton finally have a goal. The ball comes in from the right and the Argentine can't connect with at first and he falls to the ground. Mitoma, behind him, does get an effort on goal and it strikes the post before bouncing in off Mac Allister. He knew nothing about it and with just over ten minutes left it may well just be a consolation.,1
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #7March pulled up with a hamstring injury in the build-up to that Everton goal and he has to come off. Gilmour replaces him.,0
nana, who is not on the pitch, is shown a yellow card for his excessive celebration of Everton's fourth goal.,2
sst: A. IwobiGOOOOAALLLL!!! EVERTON HAVE FOUR!! 4-0! McNeil with a lovely finish on the break and Everton have another. They've hardly been in the Brighton half at all since the break but they make the most of it on this occasion. Iwobi slides through McNeil into the box and it is a wonderful solo effort from the winger who jinks past Dunk and Steele before rolling the ball into an empty net. An absolute masterclass in counter-attacking football from Dyche's side.,1
Doucoure is shown a yellow after he complains to the referee about a Brighton free-kick.,2
Adam WebsterBrighton · Defender #4As expected, De Zerbi rings the changes with a quadruple change at the break. Webster is replaced by Colwill in central defence.,0
Deniz UndavBrighton · Midfielder #21Enciso is introduced with Undav making way in the forward line.,0
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40Buonanotte also comes off with March coming on in his place out on the right wing.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Welbeck also comes off with Ferguson replacing him.,0
alvert-Lewin stretches for a loose ball but catches Mac Allister and is shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: D. McNeilGOOAAAAALLL!!! EVERTON DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! 2-0!! Everton have looked dangerous on the break all game and Brighton play into their hands once again and it's Doucoure with a wonderful finish and his second of the game. McNeil drives all the way up the pitch after Everton overturn possession before getting his head up and spotting Doucoure in the box. It's an inch-perfect cross into the box and a wonderful first-time volley finish into the net from the Everton midfielder - Steele with no chance.,1
Gueye's shot from the corner is blocked and he then hauls down Mitoma as the Brighton winger looks to break up the pitch with the loose ball.,2
alvert-Lewin has won his battle against Dunk so far this game and the Brighton centre-back is now in the book after he brings down the Everton striker.,2
Mina takes too long over an Everton free-kick and is shown a yellow card for timewasting.,2
Asst: D. Calvert-LewinGOAAAL!!!! EVERTON AHEAD!! 1-0!! 34 seconds and the away side lead and it's Doucoure with the goal. Brighton give the ball away on their left and Everton can break. Dunk attempts to intercept a pass into Calvert-Lewin but gets it all wrong and the Everton forward strides into the box. From there, it's a simple pass across the box with Doucoure on hand to sweep home. What a start!,1
rownhill brings down Pulisic on the charge down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
Maxwel CornetBurnley · Striker #20Pieters enters the action for the closing stages to replace Cornet.,0
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7Tuchel turns to Mount for inspiration for the final five minutes. Kante is withdrawn from the Chelsea midfield.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Striker #20Pulisic replaces Hudson-Odoi in the final third for the closing stages.,0
arkowski is booked for booting the ball away. He claims that he did not hear the whistle, but the referee is not convinced.,2
Asst: J. RodriguezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! VYDRA LEVELS FOR BURNLEY!!!!! 1-1!!!!! The visitors are level as Chelsea pay for their lack of clinical edge. Lowton hooks a cross into the box towards the back post where Rodriguez unselfishly heads into the path of Vydra. The forward slots his effort past Mendy to notch the equaliser for the Clarets.,1
Cornet reacts after being nudged over the advertising boards and is booked by the referee.,2
James and Cornet are involved in a melee after the full-back gives the winger a nudge over the advertising hoarding. James is booked for his part in the scuffle.,2
Ross BarkleyChelsea · Midfielder #18The miss is Barkley's last action of a good outing from the midfielder. Loftus-Cheek replaces him for the final 17 minutes.,0
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Vydra replaces Gudmundsson as Dyche adds an extra forward into the mix. Cornet drops back to left wing and McNeil switches flanks to accommodate the change.,0
Westwood goes into the book for the visitors for a poor challenge on Barkley.,2
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9Wood is replaced in the final third by Rodriguez for the visitors.,0
Asst: R. JamesGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! HAVERTZ HEADS CHELSEA IN FRONT!!!!!!!! 1-0!!!! The Blues take the lead as Havertz dispatches a free header past Pope from six yards. Kante plays James into acres of space down the right flank and the wing-back delivers a precise cross into the middle. Havertz coasts between Mee and Tarkowski before guiding his header into the bottom-left corner.,1
Bourigeaud's frustrations are clear to be seen as he flies into a needlessly aggressive tackle on Zouma, which earns him a spot in Kuipers' book.,2
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11James comes on for Werner, who could have had two goals in this game, as Lampard looks to see out the rest of additional time.,0
GOALLL!!! 2-1 CHELSEA! Werner’s initial effort is saved expertly by the feet of Gomis after the German was slotted in by Ziyech. However, out of seemingly nowhere, Giroud towers above Nyamsi to head the rebound into the top of the net from close range.,1
renier's tackle on Kante is poorly timed and he is rightfully booked for his efforts.,2
Jérémy DokuRennes · Striker #18Doku, who has caused Chilwell a few problems here, is replaced by Gboho.,0
Serhou GuirassyRennes · Striker #9Despite just equalising a minute ago, Guirassy is substituted off for Niang.,0
sst: B. BourigeaudGOALLL!! 1-1! Bourigeaud delivers another outswinging corner towards the front post which is met by the head of the unmarked Guirassy. The striker’s headed effort leaves Mendy with no chance from close range as it hits the back of the net before the goalkeeper can react.,1
Eduardo CamavingaRennes · Midfielder #10Camavinga is Stephan's next change as the youngster is replaced by Grenier.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Croatian Kovacic is replaced in midfield by Havertz as Chelsea look to see out the rest of this game.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Striker #20Hudson-Odoi, who opened the scoring, is substituted off for Ziyech on the right-hand side.,0
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Frenchman Giroud replaces Abraham up top for the visitors as Lampard makes his second change of the game.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount is replaced by Kante as Lampard opts for a more defensive midfield option while also perhaps considering Mount's recent workload, both domestically and for England.,0
James Léa SilikiRennes · Striker #12Del Castillo comes on for Lea Siliki in a like-for-like change up top for Rennes.,0
Asst: M. MountGOALLL!! 1-0 CHELSEA! Mount dispossesses Doku inside the visitors’ half before playing a curling right-footed pass in between Rennes’ centre-back and left-back. Hudson-Odoi races onto the long ball before tucking a right-footed shot under the incoming Gomis to open the scoring.,1
Oriol RomeuSouthampton · Midfielder #6Late change for Southampton, with Romeu coming off and he has been replaced by Diallo.,0
Lingard is booked late on after a challenge on the halfway line and the midfielder reacts angrily to the referee's decision.,2
ogba is booked after midfielder fouls Livramento and then pushes Stephens in frustration.,2
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Here is the United substitution, with Rashford making his way off and Lingard heads on.,0
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39United make their first change now and it's McTominay who heads off and he has been replaced by Elanga.,0
Mohamed ElyounoussiSouthampton · Midfielder #24Southampton make their second change of the game, with Elyounoussi the man coming off and he has been replaced by Livramento.,0
Asst: M. ElyounoussiGOOOAAALLL! SOUTHAMPTON HAVE EQUALISED! Adams makes it 1-1 just minutes after the restart! It’s lovely build-up play by the visitors down the left wing, with Elyounoussi sliding the ball through to Adams in behind the United defence and the striker then fires an effort towards the bottom-right corner of the net. It had De Gea beaten and it strikes the post, before crossing the line. Great finish.,1
Jan BednarekSouthampton · Defender #35Southampton have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Bednarek the man coming off to be replaced by Stephens.,0
McTominay has committed a couple of fouls in the last couple of minutes and this time he brings down Elyounoussi and the referee shows the United midfielder a yellow card.,2
Asst: M. RashfordGOOOAAALLL! Sancho opens the scoring for United! It’s another quick counter from United and Rashford is released down the right wing by Fernandes. He gets in behind the Saints defence and sprints into the penalty area, before squaring the ball across goal to Sancho, who converts from close range at the back post. It’s 1-0!,1
Rashford is shown the first yellow card of the game for a late challenge on Perraud, a very poor tackle.,2
Asst: L. ParedesUNBELIEVABLE! IT’S ONE FOR THE HIGHLIGHT REEL! 5-0! Despite his sustained brilliance, Messi still finds new ways to entertain, getting into the penalty area and chesting down Paredes’ lifted pass before executing a spectacular overhead kick to beat Diaw!,1
Maxime GonalonsClermont Foot · Midfielder #12Baiye comes on for the booked Gonalons with five minutes to go.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6Verratti is given a break before the end of the match as he's replaced by Zaire-Emery.,0
Elbasan RashaniClermont Foot · Midfielder #18Khaoui comes on for Rashani in the aftermath of PSG's fourth goal.,0
Asst: NeymarMESSI MAKES IT FOUR! 4-0! It could not have been easier for the Argentina international, who slaloms through midfield in trademark style before presenting the ball to Neymar and continuing his run. After executing a step-over to earn some room the number 10 returns it to Messi for the tap-in!,1
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Striker #19It's a first appearance for PSG in Ligue 1 for Ekitike, who is sent on for Sarabia.,0
Nuno MendesPSG · Midfielder #25A change on the left side sees Bernat replace Mendes.,0
Jim AllevinahClermont Foot · Midfielder #11The hosts make two changes at once as Allevinah is also withdrawn, for Dossou.,0
Muhammed ChamClermont Foot · Midfielder #70Clermont shuffle their pack with just under 20 minutes remaining as Magnin replaces Saracevic in attack.,0
Sergio RamosPSG · Defender #4Galtier manages Ramos' minutes in the first match of the season, withdrawing him for the newly acquired Mukiele with just over 20 minutes remaining.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Vitinha is withdrawn 67 minutes into his Ligue 1 debut, with Paredes his replacement.,0
Gonalons knowingly sticks out a leg to bring Vitinha down in midfield, earning the Clermont player a yellow card.,2
sst: NeymarMARQUINHOS MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! It’s a simple goal for the PSG captain, who makes the late run to get on the end of Neymar’s free-kick, nodding it past Diaw from seven yards away!,1
Allevinah’s cynical tug back on Vitinha sees him awarded a yellow card.,2
sst: NeymarHAKIMI DOUBLES THE LEAD! 2-0! It’s a great goal from the wing-back, who explodes into space on the counter-attack, getting on the end of Neymar’s leading pass before entering the penalty area and smashing a shot high into the roof of the net!,1
The first yellow card of the match is shown to Vitinha, whose careless bump from behind sends Sarcevic to the turf 28 yards from Donnarumma’s target.,2
Asst: L. MessiPSG OPEN THE SCORING! 1-0! It has taken less than 10 minutes for the champions to go ahead in their first league match of the season as Sarabia drives to the byline before cutting a cross back to the edge of the 18-yard box. Messi meets it with a deft touch to flick it to Neymar, who slots it into the corner of the goal!,1
Matheus CunhaWolves · Striker #12Cunha also makes his way off the pitch. Bueno is on to help keep the clean sheet.,0
Mario LeminaWolves · Midfielder #5Lemina has controlled the midfield throughout the game and is now coming off. Neto, who is still coming back from a long-term injury, is given the final few minutes.,0
Aaron HickeyBrentford · Defender #2Frank has decided to change both of his full-backs at the same time. Baptiste replaces Hickey.,0
Rico HenryBrentford · Defender #3Henry has not had his best game and was beaten with ease by Nunes for Wolves' second goal. Ghoddos is on in his place.,0
João GomesWolves · Midfielder #35Lopetegui wants to add speed on the wings. Traore replaces Gomes.,0
Diego CostaWolves · Striker #29Costa scored the opener and is now making his way off the pitch. Moutinho comes on to strengthen the midfield.,0
GOALLLLL! HWANG SCORES OFF THE BENCH! 2-0 WOLVES! Lopetegui will be delighted with his substitute. Nunes takes the ball off Wissa and races past Henry before pulling a pass across the box. Pinnock sticks a leg out to try and intercept it, but he plays it straight to Hwang who has a simple finish.,1
Pablo SarabiaWolves · Midfielder #21Sarabia gets a great reception after making his first start in over a month. Hwang replaces him on the left wing.,0
Josh DasilvaBrentford · Midfielder #10Dasilva is off with Damsgaard coming on. The midfielder was lucky not to be punished after playing a short pass back to Raya earlier in the half.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Brentford are taking off their throw-in specialist. Jensen is on a yellow card and is replaced by Janelt.,0
Kevin SchadeBrentford · Striker #9Frank has seen enough and is now making three changes. Schade has failed to make an impact and is now being replaced by Wissa.,0
Gomes in the first Wolves player to be shown a yellow card after a late tackle on Jensen.,2
GOALLLLL! COSTA SCORES HIS FIRST GOAL FOR WOLVES! 1-0! What a moment for Costa who rushes away in celebration. Toti gets down the left wing after being unleashed by the striker, holding up the ball before sending it back across the box. Costa’s first touch is poor, but Norgaard’s attempted clearance hits the foot of the striker with the ball finding the back of the net.,1
he first yellow card of the game goes to Jensen. Nunes went past the Brentford man and was breaking down the middle of the pitch before being pulled back.,2
Amadou OnanaEverton · Midfielder #8Onana makes way for Davies as Everton try to rescue a point in this game.,0
Asst: J. McGinnWHAT A GOAL!! 2-0 VILLA!! BUENDIA!! Villa double their lead after a fantastic goal from Buendia! McGinn passes to the midfielder on the edge of the box. He chops the ball past Tarkowski and Mykolenko before shooting past Pickford at the near post.,1
Neal MaupayEverton · Striker #20Simms replaces Maupay to add more height to the Everton attack.,0
Doucoure is shown a yellow card after he catches Buendia in the face while dribbling. The midfielder is not happy at all with the call.,2
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Gray replaces Iwobi as Everton look to freshen up the attack.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLL!!! 1-0 VILLA!! WATKINS!! Watkins opens the scoring from the penalty spot! Pickford dives to the right but the striker fires the ball down the middle of the goal.,1
Lucas DigneAston Villa · Defender #27Buendia replaces Digne as Villa push for an opener.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Striker #31Moreno comes on for Bailey as Emery makes the first change of the game.,0
nana is shown an early yellow card following a late challenge on Douglas Luiz.,2
The referee has dished out a flurry of yellow cards in the last 10 minutes. Mancini is the latest player to go into the book, following a cynical trip on Morata.,2
Mattia De SciglioJuventus · Defender #2De Sciglio is replaced by Alex Sandro in defence.,0
Shomurodov puts in a late challenge on Chiellini and earns himself a yellow card. ,2
Jordan VeretoutRoma · Midfielder #17An attacking change for Roma: the midfielder, Veretout, is replaced by a striker in Shomurodov.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #20Juventus make a defensive change. Bernardeschi walks off to be replaced by Arthur in midfield.,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Kean also makes way with Morata taking his place.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #22Juventus freshen things up with a double substitution: the first sees Chiesa make way for Kulusevski after a quiet game.,0
El Shaarawy trips Chiesa to stop a counter-attack and earns himself a yellow card.,2
e Sciglio is booked after fouling El Shaarawy near the touchline.,2
Nicolò ZanioloRoma · Midfielder #22Zaniolo is replaced by El Shaarawy following that earlier injury.,0
Asst: R. BentancurKEAN! 1-0! Juventus take the lead. De Sciglio jinks inside Zaniolo before bending an inviting cross to the back post. It's met by Bentancur who rises above Vina to head it against Kean and past Patricio!,1
For a cynical hack on Wissa, who was trying to escape on the break, Mac Allister is booked.,2
Penalty Goal3-3!!! Finally, Brighton have their equaliser! A superb spot-kick from Mac Allister beats the brilliant Raya, as he rifles the ball into the top-right corner with an unstoppable shot! Can the Seagulls now find a winner?,1
or handling Undav's shot at goal, Hickey concedes a penalty and is shown a yellow card.,2
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8The latest in a series of substitutions from either side sees Jensen departing the scene, to be replaced by Ghoddos.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Undav is also on, with Welbeck making way.,0
Pervis EstupiñánBrighton · Defender #30Brighton now go all-in, making a double change for the final few minutes. First, Buonanotte replaces Estupinan.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Wissa comes on to provide fresh legs for Brentford up front, as Mbeumo is withdrawn.,0
Mikkel DamsgaardBrentford · Midfielder #24Frank now responds by taking off Damsgaard and introducing Dasilva.,0
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34De Zerbi moves first, sending on Enciso for Veltman.,0
sst: B. MbeumoBRENTFORD BACK IN FRONT! This remarkable see-saw game continues in the same vein! Pinnock strikes at the back post, turning the ball home with a controlled finish to meet Mbeumo's cross from a free-kick! It's now 3-2 to the Bees, who are well and truly buzzing again!,1
Asst: S. March2-2! Brighton draw level again! On his 400th league appearance, Welbeck finds the net. March drops his shoulder on the right, then drops a perfect cross into the striker's path at the back post; he then heads it down into the ground and past Raya! Four goals in less than 30 minutes at the Amex!,1
Asst: B. MbeumoTONEY STRIKES! Incredibly, Brentford are back in front! Having just conceded an equaliser, the visitors turn to their Mbeumo-Toney double act to go 2-1 ahead! The former flicks the ball through from the left, before Toney coolly finds the bottom-right corner with a sidefoot finish!,1
Asst: J. SteeleBRIGHTON DRAW LEVEL! Rewarded for their dominance, Brighton go 'route one' to equalise! Steele's long pass out from deep skips clear of Hickey and into the path of Mitoma, and the winger finishes with a tidy lob into the net, with Raya left stranded: it's 1-1 at the Amex!,1
Asst: M. JensenBRENTFORD LEAD! The Bees' first real attack results in a goal! From a throw-in on the left, Jensen swings over a superb cross to the near post, which Jansson leaps highest to meet with a powerful header into the back of the net! It's 1-0 to Brentford, against the early run of play!,1
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17City's second change sees Foden come onto the field to replace De Bruyne. ,0
James TomkinsCrystal Palace · Defender #5Final change for Palace now and it's Tomkins that makes way as Dann comes onto the field. ,0
David SilvaMan City · Midfielder #21Guardiola's first change of the game is a defensive one as he brings on Stones to replace the scorer of the second goal, David Silva. ,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Second change for Palace now and Benteke is on in place of Milivojevic. ,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Hodgson makes the first change of the game and he brings on Townsend to replace Schlupp.,0
terling picks up a yellow card early in the second half for a late challenge on Ward. ,2
Asst: R. SterlingAND IT'S TWO! It looked too easy for City to get in behind and David Silva was unmarked as he ran past Tomkins to get on the end of Sterling's pass and volley his shot between Hennessey's legs and into the back of the net. 2-0 City!,1
sst: B. SilvaCITY ARE AHEAD! It's a great cross from Bernardo Silva and Jesus makes a diving header to get on the end of it. He reaches it ahead of Ward and his effort bounces off the far post before crossing the goal line. 1-0 City! ,1
ilivojevic becomes the first player to go into the book, having lunged in on Jesus.,2
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28Fleck comes on for McAtee as Sheffield United look to see this game through now.,0
Pedro PorroTottenham · Midfielder #23Danjuma replaces Porro as Tottenham search for an equaliser.,0
GOALLL!!! 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! NDIAYE!! Ndiaye breaks the deadlock for Sheffield United! He dribbles between two players before shooting past Dier and Forster at the near post, leaving the goalkeeper helpless. What a goal!,1
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29Skipp comes on for Sarr, who was on a yellow card.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Striker #27Kulusevski replaces Moura on the right wing for Tottenham.,0
Andre BrooksSheffield United · Midfielder #35Brooks is unable to continue and makes way for Ndiaye in the Sheffield United midfield.,0
RicharlisonTottenham · Striker #9Richarlison's poor night comes to an end as Kane replaces the striker.,0
Ismaila CoulibalySheffield United · Midfielder #17Berge comes on for Coulibaly as the home side strengthen their midfield.,0
George BaldockSheffield United · Midfielder #2Lowe replaces Baldock at right-back for Sheffield United as the first change of the game.,0
Sarr is shown a yellow card after a very poor tackle on Doyle.,2
aldock receives the first booking of the game after a late challenge on Son.,2
Ademola LookmanFulham · Midfielder #19Lookman is given a well-earned rest by Parker. Joe Bryan comes on in his place.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Divock Origi is introduced for the final six minutes, with Salah making way.,0
Mario LeminaFulham · Midfielder #18A change for Fulham with Harrison Reed coming on for Lemina.,0
Penalty GoalSALAH!!! 1-1! Liverpool's talisman goes for power, drilling the ball underneath the dive of Areola. The Reds are level.,1
Lookman catches Williams with a late challenge and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Ruben Loftus-CheekFulham · Midfielder #15Loftus-Cheek receives a generous round of applause as he goes off to be replaced by Aboubakar Kamara.,0
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66Liverpool turn to the bench, introducing Neco Williams with Alexander-Arnold making way.,0
Joël MatipLiverpool · Defender #32Klopp makes a change at the break with Matip making way to be replaced by Takumi Minamino.,0
Jones pulls down Lookman, who was threatening to race away down the left, and goes into the book.,2
Asst: A. LookmanDE CORDOVA-REID!!! 1-0 TO FULHAM! And you can't say they don't deserve it! After an initial corner is dealt with, Lookman shows good awareness to thread a ball through for De Cordova-Reid. The former Cardiff City man takes a touch before unleashing a powerful shot into the far corner, leaving Alisson grasping at thin air.,1
Asst: G. MorenoGOOOALLL!!! IT'S FOUR!!! Gerard Moreno finds himself in space on the edge of the box, and looks for the substitute Chukwueze who, with his first touch, dispatches the ball home to make it 4-1 and seal the game in Villarreal's favour! Young Boys have fought gallantly, but the away side are turning the screw now as we enter the last minutes.,1
Arnaut DanjumaVillarreal · Striker #15Danjuma has been a stand-out for Villarreal, and is replaced by Samuel Chukwueze.,0
Christian FassnachtYoung Boys · Midfielder #16Felix Mambimbi comes on for Young Boys, in place of Fassnacht, who has impressed in this game.,0
Yeremy PinoVillarreal · Midfielder #21Opening goalscorer Pino comes off, and the birthday boy is replaced by Moises Gomez.,0
GOOOALLL!!! That might just do it! Villarreal break at lightning speed through Alberto Moreno, he unselfishly feeds Gerard Moreno, who's shot is saved by Von Ballmoos before the substitute follows in to make it 3-1, and surely now, put this game to bed for Villarreal!,1
Rulli is booked by the referee for timewasting. You can't blame the Villarreal keeper at this stage, he's been the busiest of any of his teammates by far in the second stanza.,2
Raúl AlbiolVillarreal · Defender #3Albiol is applauded off as he leaves the field on a stretcher, and Mandi comes on in his place.,0
Asst: F. RiederGOOOOALLLLL!!!!! THEY FINALLY HAVE ONE!!! It's been coming for almost an hour, and this time Elia makes no mistake!! Rieder's beautiful looped pass into his bath is breathtaking, and the Congolese forward takes his time and smashes the ball past Rulli to make it 2-1!!! Game on!,1
Jordan PefokYoung Boys · Striker #17Siebatcheu has been frustrated time after time by Rulli in this game, and Wilfried Kanga comes on in his place.,0
Christopher MartinsYoung Boys · Midfielder #35Martins is withdrawn by the home side, and is replaced by Fabian Rieder.,0
Francis CoquelinVillarreal · Midfielder #19Alberto Moreno is introduced by Unai Emery, in place of Coquelin.,0
Jordan LefortYoung Boys · Defender #25Young Boys make the game's first change, as Silvan Hefti comes on for Lefort.,0
Aebischer is yellow carded by the referee, having impeded a run forward by Capoue.,2
sst: D. ParejoGOOOALLLL!!! Villarreal have another in no time at all! Parejo's free-kick is low and inviting, but it's Moreno who rises highest to head the ball into the far corner! The Yellow Submarine are in total control here and it's 2-0!,1
Asst: AlfonsoGOOOALLLLLL!!!! Villarreal take the lead!!! It's an absolute peach of a ball from Pedraza on the left wing that loops over everyone, but not Pino, who nips in at the back post to head past the bewildered Von Ballmoos. 1-0 to the away team inside six minutes!!,1
Asst: T. MüllerGOALLL!!! 5-2 DAVIES!!! Davies wraps up the game from Bayern after Muller unselfishly assists him. The German midfielder is put through on goal, but he looks up and waits for the run of Davies rather than shooting. Game over!,1
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Sabitzer comes on for goalscorer Choupo-Moting in the Bayern attack.,0
Mads PedersenAugsburg · Midfielder #3Framberger replaces Pedersen, who is on a yellow card.,0
ouweleeuw gets a booking for fouling Gnabry on the right wing.,2
Asst: A. DaviesWHAT A GOAL!!! 4-2 MUSIALA!! Bayern restore their two-goal lead with class! Davies nutmegs Petkov in the corner before finding Musiala in the box. The midfielder composes himself before finding the far corner with a curling effort.,1
Ermedin DemirovićAugsburg · Striker #9Maier comes on for Demirovic in the Augsburg frontline.,0
Ruben VargasAugsburg · Midfielder #16Caligiuri replaces Vargas on the right side of the Augsburg midfield.,0
GOALLL!!! 3-1 CHOUPO-MOTING!! Choupo-Moting gets his second of the game to double Bayern’s lead. Pavard and Gnabry lead a counter-attack and Musiala then tries to find the French defender in the box, but the ball is deflected into the path of Choupo-Moting, who makes no mistake with the finish.,1
Sadio ManéBayern · Midfielder #17Coman replaces Mane as Bayern make their first change of the game.,0
sst: E. Choupo-MotingGOALLL!!! 2-1 KIMMICH! Bayern take the lead following a brilliant finish from Kimmich! Gruezo dwells on the ball for too long and is caught out by Mane. The ball falls to Choupo-Moting and he finds Kimmich, who finishes first-time past Koubek.,1
Robert GumnyAugsburg · Defender #2Petkov replaces Gumny at half time for Augsburg.,0
Asst: S. GnabryGOALL!!!! 1-1 CHOUPO-MOTING!!! Choupo-Moting equalises for Bayern after a howler from Koubek! Gnabry plays the striker in behind and the goalkeeper dives across the six-yard box expecting a cross, but Choupo-Moting goes for goal and levels the game.,1
sst: E. RexhbecajGOALLL!!!!! 1-0 PEDERSEN!!! Augsburg take the lead against Bayern through Pedersen! The ball was being pinballed down the right wing before Rexhbecaj found Pedersen outside the box. The Denmark international fired past Ulreich from outside the box!,1
Camara blocks the pass into the box and Sabitzer clatters into him in an attempt to win it back, which earns him a yellow card.,2
Asst: T. MüllerCOMAN EQUALISES! Salzburg's defenders just switch off for a moment as Pavard lifts a long ball over the top from the right. Muller manages to glance it on in the middle and Coman is running onto it at the far post and finally gets his reward as he pokes it past Kohn from close range. 1-1!,1
Kohn is dawdling over a goal-kick in an attempt to run the clock down, and he's booked for time-wasting.,2
Karim AdeyemiRB Salzburg · Striker #27Third change for Salzburg now, with Adeyemi going off for Kjaergaard.,0
Coman goes down looking for a foul and when he doesn't get it, he sticks out a leg to trip Wober. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24There's a change for Bayern as well, with Tolisso making way for Sabitzer.,0
Nicolas SeiwaldRB Salzburg · Midfielder #13Salzburg are making a change, and it's 19-year-old Sucic that's coming on to replace Seiwald.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Bayern are making their first change of the game, and it's Gnabry that's taken off for Choupo-Moting.,0
sst: B. AaronsonADAMU SCORES! It's a simple long ball from Camara out to Adeyemi on the right, and he cuts inside before squaring it to Aaronson. He can only help it onto Adamu, who is running onto it on the edge of the box. He takes it well, curling it past Ulreich and into the back of the net. 1-0 Salzburg!,1
Noah OkaforRB Salzburg · Striker #77Okafor is led straight off the pitch by the medical team and it's Adamu that's coming on to replace him.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11After scoring at both ends, Harrison is now off. Sinisterra will play on the left wing for the final few seconds.,0
irpo is the first Leeds player to receive a yellow card after diving into a challenge. He brings down March on the corner of the box.,2
Adam WebsterBrighton · Defender #4Webster has been hobbling around the pitch for a while and is now coming off. Van Hecke replaces him at centre-back.,0
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Aaronson has been brilliant for Leeds and is now being given a rest. Rutter is on in his place.,0
The first yellow card of the game goes to Caicedo. The Brighton man trips Aaronson who was breaking down the middle of the pitch with pace.,2
Asst: W. GnontoGOALLLL! A WONDERFUL STRIKE FROM HARRISON! 2-2! Harrison scores the equaliser after giving Brighton the lead. Gnonto plays a quick corner to Harrison who comes short to receive the pass. Up against March, he cuts the ball onto his right foot before curling his effort into the top corner.,1
Evan FergusonBrighton · Striker #28Brighton respond with their first switch of the game. Ferguson has been Brighton's target man in the attack but is now being given a rest. Welbeck is on and will be looking to score for the second game in a row.,0
Crysencio SummervilleLeeds United · Midfielder #10Summerville is having his breakthrough season in the Premier League but has been quiet today. Gnonto comes on to try and challenge the Brighton defence.,0
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8The third change in a triple substitution sees McKennie replace Roca in the midfield.,0
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9After scoring Leeds' only goal, Bamford is replaced in the attack. Back in the squad after injury, Rodrigo is on in his place.,0
sst: J. HarrisonGOALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM BAMFORD! 1-0! Leeds have found an equaliser against the run of play. Stretching the pitch, Harrison rushes down the left flank before cutting it inside to Bamford. The striker turns past Caicedo before crashing a shot towards the goal from outside the box. His effort deflects off Webster and past the goalkeeper off the underside of the bar.,1
Asst: K. MitomaGOALLLL! MAC ALLISTER SCORES! 1-0 BRIGHTON! What a move from the away side! Webster unleashes Gross down the right flank with a tremendous throughball. The midfielder twists past Roca and chips it across to Mitoma at the back of the box. He could have had a shot but instead knocks it across to Mac Allister who powers in a header.,1
sst: L. MessiGOOOOAAALLL!!! It just had to be him!!! A wonderfully calm clearing pass from Mendes rolls straight to Messi, who flicks the ball forward first-time. Mbappe runs clear of the chasing pack to meet it, and round the advancing Bizot before slotting into an empty net! 2-1 to PSG as the clock strikes 90, as Brest's resistance is finally broken!,1
Warren Zaïre-EmeryPSG · Midfielder #33Zaire-Emery is next off for PSG, with the teenager replaced in midfield by Renato Sanches, who made a name for himself as a teenager back in 2016!,0
here was a clear kick there from Mbappe, and the PSG captain rightfully goes into the book.,2
elkebla shouldn't have reacted as he did regardless of the challenge from Mbappe, and the Brest midfielder is also shown a yellow card.,2
Noah FadigaBrest · Defender #99Fadiga picked up an injury attempting to stop that run and shot from Mendes, and is forced off, with Christophe Herelle replacing him.,0
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #28PSG's sole goalscorer Soler is the next player withdrawn by Christophe Galtier, who looks for a bit more presence up front in the form of Hugo Ekitike.,0
Romain Del CastilloBrest · Midfielder #10Del Castillo's dynamic running and clever passes have caused PSG problems on the break all game, and Felix Lemarechal comes on hoping to provide more of the same.,0
Fabián RuizPSG · Midfielder #8Ruiz also comes off, with Vitinha slotting into his central midfield position.,0
Timothée PembéléPSG · Defender #29PSG make their first changes, the first seeing Juan Bernat replace Pembele out wide.,0
Steve MounieBrest · Striker #15Mounie comes off in Brest's first alteration, and the striker is replaced up front by top-scorer Jeremy Le Douaron.,0
sst: R. Del CastilloGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Brest equalise, and what a goal to do so!!! The hosts win the ball in their own box, and Lees-Melou does brilliantly to turn out of trouble and find Del Castillo. His long pass is met superbly by Honorat, who takes the ball beyond Ramos and slots past Donnarumma! A lightning-quick breakaway from Brest, that locks the scoreboard up at 1-1!,1
GOOOAAALLL!!! PSG take the lead!!! Mbappe tries a shot from 25 yards which is parried by Bizot, who can't rather the ball before Soler arrives to smash the ball in off the underside of the bar! The visitors take a deserved 1-0 lead, and it's from a player who had already hit the woodwork earlier in the game!,1
abinho is booked for a blatant block on Gueye as he looked to break forward.,2
Anthony GordonEverton · Striker #10Lampard makes another Everton change now, with Gordon replaced by McNeil.,0
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #27Nunez is the other to make way, with Jota his replacement.,0
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Final Liverpool changes now, as Elliott heads off and on comes Matip.,0
an Dijk is booked for a poor, late challenge on Onana and is rightly shown a yellow card.,2
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Everton now make their first change as Davies makes way for Gueye.,0
Konstantinos TsimikasLiverpool · Defender #21Double Liverpool substitution, the first sees Tsimikas head off the pitch and on comes Robertson.,0
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66Another straight swap at full-back, with Alexander-Arnold the other to depart and Milner is his replacement.,0
Fábio CarvalhoLiverpool · Midfielder #28Liverpool have made a change ahead of the second half, with Firmino coming on and he replaces Carvalho, who picked up an injury towards the end of the first period.,0
nana is shown the first yellow card of the game as he dives in late on Carvalho and the Liverpool midfielder looks in a bit of trouble.,2
Timothy CastagneLeicester City · Defender #27Castagne gets withdrawn as Pereira comes on at right-back.,0
Flynn DownesWest Ham · Midfielder #12Downes makes way as Lanzini comes on, with Moyes rolling the dice once more.,0
sst: D. IngsGOOOOOOAL! WEST HAM PULL ONE BACK TO MAKE IT 2-1! A slack Thomas pass allows Ings to feed Fornals down the left-hand channel. The Spaniard races inside before sliding a right-foot finish in off Iversen’s right post. The Hammers are back in the game!,1
Kelechi IheanachoLeicester City · Striker #14Iheanacho comes off to a standing ovation as Vardy makes his way onto the pitch.,0
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #11Moyes sends on Cornet for Paqueta, who is serenaded by the travelling West Ham faithful as he departs.,0
Aaron CresswellWest Ham · Defender #3Cresswell is the next man brought off, with Emerson coming on.,0
Kiernan Dewsbury-HallLeicester City · Midfielder #22Smith makes his first change as Mendy comes on for Dewsbury-Hall.,0
Ings hauls down Tielemans from behind and gets shown the second caution of the game.,2
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Antonio also makes way as Moyes introduces Ings up top.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22Moyes has seen enough and makes a double change. The first of which sees Bowen replace Benrahma, who hit the post just minutes ago.,0
sst: Y. TielemansGOOOOOOOALLLL! 2-0 LEICESTER! After Barnes wins a free-kick on the left, Tielemans whips in towards the six-yard area. Faes gets in between two West Ham defenders and nods into the bottom-right corner. The Foxes extend their lead, but will it matter with Everton winning against Bournemouth?,1
sst: K. IheanachoGOOOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 LEICESTER! The King Power erupts as Barnes opens the scoring with a cool right-footed finish into the bottom-right corner. The winger exchanged a quick one-two with Iheanacho before rolling calmly past the helpless Fabianski. The Foxes are out of the relegation zone, at least temporarily!,1
Armindo SiebBayern · Striker #47Ontužāns enters the action in place of the injured Sieb. ,0
Marvin StörmannDüren · Midfielder #16Störmann also makes way for Sarikaya at the same time. ,0
Markus Dominik WipperfürthDüren · Defender #30Wipperfürth is replaced by Mabanza for the home side.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13After his goal, Choupo-Moting is replaced by Arp. A great debut in Bayern colours for the former PSG and Stoke City striker. ,0
GOOOAAAALLLLLL!! 3-0 to Bayern and it’s Choupo-Moting with his second of the night. He spins his defender on the edge of the Duren box and from around 25 yards out, he unleashes a right-footed shot into the far top left-hand corner of the Duren goal. It’s a great finish from the Cameroonian international. ,1
he first yellow card of the night goes to Duren's Sobiech as he goes through the back of Dajaku just inside Bayern's half.,2
Douglas CostaBayern · Midfielder #11Costa is replaced by Sieb. The Brazilian international has enjoyed a solid second debut for the Bavarians tonight. ,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Dajaku replaces Muller in the hole behind Choupo-Moting. ,0
Philipp SimonDüren · Striker #10Simon is replaced by Bleja for the away side as they look for a way back into this cup tie. ,0
Niklas SüleBayern · Defender #4There’s a change at the break for Bayern as Stiller replaces Sule. It’s a first-team debut for the youngster.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAALLLLLL!!! 2-0 Bayern. Müller makes no mistake from the spot as he hammers his effort into the bottom left-hand corner. Jackmuth dives the other way. ,1
Asst: B. SarrGOOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 to Bayern. It’s Choupo-Moting with his first for Bayern. Fellow debutant Sarr is clear down the right and rolls the ball across for the former PSG striker who makes no mistake with his first-time finish.,1
sst: C. PulisicGOAL! Alonso doubles Chelsea’s lead and makes it 2-0! The left-back has been out of the side for a few months and marks his return with a superb goal. Pulisic chips the ball into the box and Alonso was unmarked, he chests it down, controls it and then volleys it into the back of the net.,1
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Final Chelsea change now and it is Mount who leaves the pitch and his replacement is Havertz.,0
Robbie BradyBurnley · Midfielder #12Third and final Burnley substitution now, with Brady the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mumbongo.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Midfielder #20Another Chelsea change now and it is Hudson-Odoi who is coming off and he is replaced by Reece James.,0
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9Here is the enforced Burnley substitution, with Wood having to come off and he is replaced by Gudmunds­son.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Westwood after his late challenge on Jorginho in the middle of the pitch. The midfielder protests, but to no avail.,2
Matěj VydraBurnley · Striker #27Burnley have made their first change of the game, with Vydra coming off and he has been replaced by Rodriguez.,0
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Chelsea have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Abraham the man coming off and he has been replaced by Pulisic.,0
Asst: C. Hudson-OdoiGOAL! Chelsea open the scoring just before the break, Azpilicueta with the goal to send them 1-0 ahead. The hosts catch Burnley out with a quick counter, with Mount racing forward, he lays it off to Hudson-Odoi, who passes to Azpilicueta on the overlap down the right, who then drills it past Pope at the near post and into the back of the net.,1
camacca brings down Ndidi with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
sst: A. PérezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BARNES SCORES ON THE COUNTER!!!! 2-0 LEICESTER!!!!!! The Foxes extend their advantage as Barnes latches on to a throughball from Perez and slots his effort past Fabianski. Fornals sees a cross-field pass cleared by Thomas and the Foxes surge forward in numbers. Perez puts a perfect ball through for Barnes to take in stride and place his effort past the onrushing West Ham keeper into the net.,1
Tomáš SoučekWest Ham · Midfielder #28Moyes adds an extra attacker into the fold as Fornals replaces Soucek.,0
Patson DakaLeicester City · Striker #20Vardy gets the call to replace Soumare, although he will go up top.,0
Kiernan Dewsbury-HallLeicester City · Midfielder #22Mendy makes his way on to the pitch to replace Dewsbury-Hall in the Leicester midfield.,0
Paqueta has not had a good day and he continues that theme by going into the book for a lunge on Soumare.,2
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #8Tielemans makes way for the visitors after missing a penalty that could have handed the Foxes complete control here. Ndidi replaces the Belgian.,0
James MaddisonLeicester City · Midfielder #10Maddison is replaced by Praet after scoring the opening goal. Hopefully it's not a serious injury.,0
Kurt ZoumaWest Ham · Defender #4Zouma is withdrawn with a leg injury and is replaced by Aguerd at the back.,0
Asst: P. DakaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MADDISON SMASHES HOME A STRIKE!!!! 1-0 LEICESTER!!!!! Maddison gives a timely reminder why he was included in the England squad with a brilliant finish on his left foot. Leicester break down the left flank as Barnes and Dewsbury-Hall combine to find Daka in the box. He scuffs his strike, but it falls perfectly for Maddison in the inside-right channel. He connects sweetly with a left-footed strike into the roof of the net.,1
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Muller now gets the chance to join his team-mates on the sidelines as Zirkzee enters the game.,0
Stambouli is booked for a foul in the build-up to that goal. He clipped Tolisso and the referee makes sure he is punished after the Bayern celebrations.,2
Asst: R. LewandowskiBAYERN 8-0 SCHALKE - Eight-nil. Incredible football from Bayern and they could get ten if Schalke are not careful. Lewandowski played in youngster Musiala, and he did the rest. He turned his marker inside and out before firing past Fahrmann.,1
Gonçalo PaciênciaSchalke · Striker #18Paciencia has endured a quiet night and he is replaced by Skrzybski for the final 11 minutes.,0
Amine HaritSchalke · Midfielder #25More changes for Schalke as Harit comes off, with Becker taking his place.,0
Jérôme BoatengBayern · Defender #17Flick also makes a change at the back as Boateng is given a rest, with Richards stepping into the heart of defence.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Gnabry also makes way, with Musiala getting 20 minutes to impress.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Sane's goal was his last involvement as he makes way for Cuisance.,0
Asst: J. KimmichBAYERN 7-0 SCHALKE - Sane gets his goal and boy does he deserve it. Kimmich's pass allowed him space and time to pick his spot, and the forward glides his shot into the far corner. So that is a debut goal and two assists against his former club.,1
Asst: R. LewandowskiBAYERN 6-0 SCHALKE - Muller this time, and it comes after a rabona from Lewandowski. The forward should have scored, but he delayed his shot and was forced to turn around and cross. His rabona found Muller and the German has smashed the ball past Fahrmann. Just incredible from the reigning champions.,1
Rabbi MatondoSchalke · Midfielder #14Wagner makes another change as Raman replaces Matondo.,0
immich becomes the first Bayern player to be booked, for a late challenge.,2
sst: L. SanéBAYERN 5-0 SCHALKE - HAT-TRICK FOR GNABRY! The winger has not put a foot wrong tonight, and he benefits from some more good play from Sane. The ex-Manchester City forward charged towards goal, turned his marker and played in Gnabry. He kept his shot low and nutmegged Fahrmann before turning to thank his new team-mate. That partnership is doing to be incredible to watch this season.,1
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #18Here come the Bayern changes. Goretzka has a goal to his name and his night is over, Tolisso replaces him in the middle of the park.,0
sst: L. SanéBAYERN 4-0 SCHALKE - New half, same outcome. The pace of Sane and Gnabry causes chaos at the back and the home side grab their first goal of the second half. Sane raced onto a pass before playing in Gnabry. Schalke keeper Fahrmann had already committed himself, meaning Gnabry had a simple tap-in.,1
enalty GoalBAYERN 3-0 SCHALKE - Lewandowksi is off the mark for the season, and that does not come as a surprise. The Poland star remained calm for the penalty and sent Fahrmann the wrong way. ,1
Suat SerdarSchalke · Midfielder #8Wagner has made an early change, with Serdar leaving the field and Schopf coming on in his place.,0
abak is booked for that challenge and he can have no complaints. Stupid challenge with Lewandowski about to shoot.,2
Asst: T. MüllerBAYERN 2-0 SCHALKE - GOAALLL! Goretzka doubles Bayern's lead with a low drive from the edge of the box. Flick's troops worked their way into the box before Goretzka was teed up on the edge of the box. The midfielder kept his body over the ball and with no backlift, he drilled his shot past Fahrmann.,1
sst: J. KimmichBAYERN 1-0 SCHALKE - WHAT A GOALLLL!!! Gnabry latches onto a throughball, turns Stambouli and wraps his foot around the ball to find the top corner. Fahrmann has no chance in goal, and that is a perfect way to open your account for the season. ,1
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Sane is the other player coming off, with Sarr on in his place.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Bayern have been waiting to make a double change for the last five minutes and there's finally a stop in play that allows them to do it. Musiala is the first to go off, with Choupo-Moting on for him.,0
Luis AlbertoLazio · Midfielder #10Another double change for Lazio now and Alberto is being taken off for Akpa Akpro.,0
Sergej Milinković-SavićLazio · Midfielder #21Milinkovic-Savic is also making way, with Cataldi on to replace him.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29That was Coman's last involvement in the game as he's brought off and Hernandez is on for him.,0
Coman spots Marusic take a heavy touch so tries to nick it off him, but catches him late and is shown a yellow card.,2
avies slid in late on Lazzari at the byline to stop the cross and gives away a free-kick. Kimmich isn't happy with that decision though and he's booked for dissent.,2
Escalante tracks back to try and win possession back but he slides in late on Lewandowski from behind and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Coman just steps across Marusic to control the ball and he clips the back of his heels. He's booked and Bayern have a free-kick on the edge of the box.,2
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #18First change for Bayern now and it's Goretzka that's being taken off for Martinez.,0
Correa just seemed to slip as he tried to nick the ball off Boateng and he catches the defender with a late challenge which earns him a booking.,2
Lucas LeivaLazio · Midfielder #6There's a double change for Lazio now and Leiva is the first to make way, with Escalante replacing him.,0
PatricLazio · Defender #4Patric is also taken off, with Hoedt on in his place.,0
t's a late one by Leiva on Musiala and he's shown a yellow card for the challenge.,2
CORREA SCORES! And just like that, Lazio pull one back! Lazio work it upfield well from deep in their own half, and Correa gets lucky as it bounces into him. He drifts away from Boateng's challenge to get into the middle of the box before slotting his shot past Neuer and into the bottom corner. 4-1! ,1
SANE SCORES! Coman put Patric under pressure and nicked the ball on the halfway line when he slipped. He drove forward into the box, wrongfooting Acerbi to get his shot away and it's pushed away by Reina. He puts it into Sane's path though and he's left with an easy tap-in. 3-0 Bayern!,1
Mateo MusacchioLazio · Defender #37Lazio are making a change here and it's Musacchio, whose mistake led to Bayern's first goal, that makes way for Lulic.,0
Alberto slid in late on Davies, and although he did get a touch on the ball, a free-kick goes against him. He isn't happy about it and he's booked for dissent.,2
Asst: L. GoretzkaMUSIALA SCORES! None of the Lazio defenders spot Musiala in a pocket of space on the edge of the box which means he has time to set himself when Goretzka picks him out. He keeps his shot low, hitting it into the near bottom corner, and there's nothing Reina can do to keep it out. 2-0 Bayern! ,1
AYERN LEAD! It's a poor backpass from Musacchio and Reina rushes off his line but can't get there. Lewandowski is alert to intercept it and takes it around the keeper before slotting it into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Bayern! ,1
A frustrated Hermoso is shown a yellow by the referee, making it six cards for the contest.,2
JoseluAlavés · Striker #9Pina replaces Joselu for the closing stages of the contest.,0
sst: V. LaguardiaGOOOOAAALLLL!!! DEPORTIVO ALAVES 1-1 ATLETICO MADRID! It's a screamer from Perez! The ex-Arsenal man gets away from a few opposition players, shifts the ball on to his left boot and curls it away from Oblak from 25 yards out. It takes something special to beat the Atletico keeper and that really was special.,1
Mubarak WakasoAlavés · Midfielder #22Burke is introduced in place of Wakaso, who has been on a yellow card since the 29-minute mark.,0
Felipe is shown a yellow card for putting his arms around Perez to halt the forward's charge down Alaves' left.,2
sst: Á. CorreaGOOOOOAAALLLL!!! DEPORTIVO ALAVES 0-1 ATLETICO MADRID! They always seem to find a way! Correa again shows why he is so important to Atletico by slipping the ball through for Morata, who makes it three goals in three games by tucking a first-time shot through the legs of Pacheco.,1
Diego CostaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Koke is on for Costa in Atletico's third and final change.,0
Luis RiojaAlavés · Midfielder #11Pons replaces Rioja in the home side's first substitution of the match.,0
aguardia brings down Costa towards the left-hand touchline and is shown the third yellow card of the contest.,2
Héctor HerreraAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16With exactly an hour played, Simeone makes his second change by bringing on Morata for Herrera - an attacking substitution.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Simeone has made a change at the break by bringing on Thomas for Llorente.,0
Wakaso challenges for an aerial ball with Arias and catches his opponent in the face, leading to the second booking of a flat first half.,2
Llorente catches Perez on the calf and is rightly shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8As if to prevent any further issues, Gundogan makes way for Tommy Doyle, on for his Champions League debut.,0
ündogan makes a lazy pull on a Olympiacos shirt in midfield and is given a booking for his foul.,2
Giorgos MasourasOlympiacos · Midfielder #19Olympiacos too make a swap, with Soudani on for Masouras.,0
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9And, in perhaps the biggest swap of the night, Sergio Aguero is on, as he continues his return from injury, replacing Jesus.,0
Benjamin MendyMan City · Defender #22There's more City changes now too, with Mendy replaced by Zinchenko.,0
Raheem SterlingMan City · Midfielder #7City make a double change now as Mahrez replaces Sterling.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Fernandinho is meanwhile introduced by the visitors for Rodri.,0
Pedro RodriguesOlympiacos · Midfielder #10The hosts have made a second change now, with Bouchalakis on for Pepe.,0
Mohamed DrägerOlympiacos · Defender #21Olympiacos have blinked first now in terms of substitutes, with Drager making way for Vrousai.,0
ias gets a yellow card to his name after, rather stupidly, running into the Olympiacos man trying to take a throw-in. There might be more to it than that - the contact didn't look too heavy - but the referee is unmoved by the City player's pleas.,2
Rafinha is very unhappy with that but he can have no complaints. Sterling perhaps should have been booked for the messy, ragged challenge in the first place so nor can he.,2
 tackle from Sterling on Cisse looks to have gone down like a lead balloon with Rafinha and the two are busy chelping at each other. The referee won't stand for it and duly books both players for it.,2
Asst: R. SterlingGOAL! PHIL FODEN FINDS THE BREAKTHROUGH FOR MANCHESTER CITY! 1-0! Finally the pressure tells and the visitors get themselves in front. It's a lovely piece of play, with Jesus feeding Sterling into the left edge of the box, whereupon the England man clips a backheel to his teammate who fires straight past Sa from close-range. City lead with less than 10 to the break.,1
leck lunges in recklessly on Ndidi and is deservedly booked for making a rash, frustrated challenge.,2
Egan is booked in the aftermath of the goal and now has a yellow card to match Evans'.,2
sst: J. VardyGOAL!!! LEICESTER HAVE A SECOND!! Evans plays a stunning ball forward for Vardy to run onto down the left wing and the striker gets to the edge of the box before sweeping across the area for Gray. The substitute then fires back across the goalkeeper and finds the bottom-left corner! It's 2-0 to Leicester now!,1
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Striker #15Barnes goes off for Gray now as Rodgers introduces fresh legs further forward to pose a threat on the counter.,0
vans is shown the first yellow card of the game for a foul on Mousset out wide.,2
Ayoze PérezLeicester City · Striker #17The man who fired Leicester in front - Perez - leaves the field to be replaced by a central midfielder in Choudhury.,0
Chris BashamSheffield United · Defender #6Wilder throws caution to the wind as he sacrifices a centre-half in Basham for a striker in Sharp.,0
Sander BergeSheffield United · Midfielder #32The final substitution sees Berge replaced by fan favourite Lundstram as Wilder makes a second change to his midfield.,0
Ben OsbornSheffield United · Midfielder #23Osborn goes off for Fleck in midfield as Wilder swaps industry for a little more guile.,0
David McGoldrickSheffield United · Striker #17Wilder makes changes at the break as he looks to inject some attacking verve into his side. McGoldrick is replaced by Mousset up front in the first change. ,0
Asst: L. ThomasGOAL!!! LEICESTER TAKE THE LEAD!! It's a lovely team goal that begins with Justin being found on the right and evading Stevens before drifting inside. He finds Perez in the middle, who sweeps wide for Thomas on the overlap. The young left-back cuts back to Perez just inside the box, and the Spaniard takes a touch before firing a low effort into the bottom-left corner past a diving Henderson! It's 1-0 to Leicester!,1
Asst: J. BowenAnd Vlasic makes it four! Bowen jinks past Sierralta and drives into the box, before rolling a pass around Bachmann and into Vlasic, who taps in from five yards!,1
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10Lanzini heads off to be replaced by Kral as West Ham look to tighten their grip on this game further.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22Benrahma heads off after an impressive display that was capped off with the crucial second goal. He makes way for Vlasic.,0
Ben JohnsonWest Ham · Defender #31Johnson is replaced by Masuaku in defence.,0
Ozan TufanWatford · Midfielder #18Another throw of the dice from Claudio Ranieri as Tufan is withdrawn with Sema taking his place.,0
Penalty GoalAnd Noble makes it 3-1! The midfielder calmly steps up and sends Bachmann the wrong way before rolling it into the bottom-left corner! It's a long way back for Watford now.,1
Cucho HernándezWatford · Midfielder #29Hernandez heads off at half-time, with Joao Pedro taking his place.,0
Kiko FemeníaWatford · Defender #21Femenia hobbles off to be replaced by Louza.,0
Asst: M. AntonioGOALL! BENRAHMA! 2-1! West Ham take the lead! It's two in two minutes for the visitors as Antonio breaks away down the left, before cutting it back to Benrahma who slots it through Bachmann and in from close range.,1
Asst: J. BowenGOALL! SOUCEK! 1-1. West Ham equalise. It's a wonderful move from the visitors as Bowen and Coufal combine down the right, before the former threads a neat pass into the box for Soucek, who rushes onto it before drilling a low shot beyond Bachmann!,1
Asst: J. KingGOALL! DENNIS! 1-0 WATFORD. The hosts take an early lead. King slips a clever pass through to Dennis, who jinks past Dawson inside the box before rifling a brilliant strike into the top corner from 15 yards! Fabianski stood no chance. ,1
There is another flashpoint as Montiel clashes with Grealish near the touchline, for which the Forest man receives a yellow card.,2
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Grealish returns from injury to make his first appearance since late August, coming on for Foden.,0
Origi is booked after his high boot catches Gvardiol as the pair battled for an aerial ball.,2
angala catches Foden in midfield and receives a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Ola AinaNottm Forest · Defender #43Cooper is gambling as he brings on two strikers. Origi enters the fray in place of Aina.,0
There was a bit of a melee between Ederson and Awoniyi after that missed opportunity, with the City goalkeeper unhappy with his opponent for trying to win a penalty. The Brazil international is booked for the incident.,2
Serge AurierNottm Forest · Defender #24In another attacking change, Hudson-Odoi comes on for Aurier. Can the former Chelsea man replicate the heroics he produced against Burnley?,0
Ibrahim SangaréNottm Forest · Midfielder #6Cooper looks to his bench, bringing on Elanga for Sangare.,0
Jérémy DokuMan City · Midfielder #11Doku is the man Guardiola chooses to sacrifice as Phillips comes on to fill the gap created by Rodri's dismissal.,0
CITY ARE DOWN TO 10!! Rodri and Gibbs-White clash in the corner, and the City midfielder appears to grab at his throat, sending the Forest man tumbling to the turf. The referee sprints over to separate the pair, before brandishing a red card to Rodri. There will be a VAR check, though, to rule whether the sending-off will stand...,3
Nuno TavaresNottm Forest · Defender #3Tavares does indeed limp off, and Montiel comes on to replace him.,0
avares is booked for cynically bringing down Doku as City looked to counter.,2
Akanji goes in the book for bringing down Awoniyi. Perhaps more pressing, though, is that Forest will have a free-kick in a dangerous position. Who will be trusted to take it?,2
sst: M. NunesGOAL!!! HAALAND MAKES IT 2-0!!! Tavares gives the ball away in a dangerous position and City take full advantage. Foden plays a clever pass through to Nunes, who lofts a sublime delivery to the back post for Haaland. In typically ruthless fashion, the Norway international powers home his header, giving Turner no chance to put his team 2-0 up!,1
Asst: K. WalkerGOAL!!! FODEN PUTS CITY AHEAD!!! It all comes from a sublime Rodri pass, as he lofts a brilliant throughball over the top for Walker. The right-back takes it in his stride before teeing up Foden, who shows all of his great technique to blast into the bottom corner and give the hosts a 1-0 lead!,1
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Chelsea make a late substitution. Emerson comes on to replace Kovacic.,0
GOAL! PORTO 0-2 CHELSEA! Chelsea get their second goal and it's Chilwell's first in the Champions League! The England left-back nips in from the left as Corona miscontrols the ball, deftly beats the closing Marchesin and taps into an empty net.,1
OtávioPorto · Midfielder #25Otavio is next to go off. The Portuguese U21 midfielder Vieira is on for him.,0
Moussa MaregaPorto · Striker #11Last off is the hard-working Marega. On comes the Spanish forward Martinez.,0
Wilson ManafáPorto · Defender #18First to go off for Porto is Manafa. On comes the 18-year-old forward Francisco Conceicao.,0
Reece JamesChelsea · Midfielder #24Chelsea's own veteran centre-back Silva also comes on to replace James. Azpilicueta will move to right wing-back.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Meanwhile Chelsea get to make those changes. Kante comes on for their goalscorer Mount.,0
Grujic gets shown the yellow card for that foul on Pulisic. It's an easy decision by the referee.,2
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Giroud comes on to offer Chelsea a more traditional option up front. He replaces Havertz.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Midfielder #11Here are those Chelsea substitutions. Pulisic replaces the luckless Werner first. The German's bound to find his form sooner or later.,0
Mbemba's booked for that challenge on Chilwell. It's been a fairly clean game, truth be told.,2
Asst: JorginhoGOAL! PORTO 0-1 CHELSEA! That's a lovely goal from Mount. The England man turns Mbemba to reach Jorginho's pass and fires first-time for the bottom left corner. It beats Marchesin and hits the back of the net.,1
sst: N. AkéGOAL! 4-1! A consolation for Bournemouth as Gosling stabs home from close range after Ake had cushioned Stanislas' free-kick across the area and into his path.,1
Steve CookBournemouth · Defender #3Chris Mepham is introduced by Bournemouth for the last 10 minutes. Steve Cook makes way.,0
Asst: J. Shelvey4-0!!! LAZARO GETS IN ON THE ACT! It gets better and better for Newcastle as Lazaro races onto Shelvey's well-timed through ball, before producing a cool finish into the top corner.,1
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8Another change for Bournemouth as Dan Gosling comes on against his former club to replace Lerma.,0
Javier ManquilloNewcastle · Defender #19DeAndre Yedlin is also introduced with Manquillo making way.,0
JoelintonNewcastle · Midfielder #9Another double change from Newcastle. The first sees Isaac Hayden replace Joelinton.,0
Arnaut DanjumaBournemouth · Midfielder #14Danjuma is also withdrawn in favour of Junior Stanislas.,0
David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #20Bournemouth also turn to the bench. They introduce Harry Wilson in favour of Brooks.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Midfielder #10Saint-Maximin also given a well-earned rest. Valentino Lazaro comes on in his place.,0
Dwight GayleNewcastle · Striker #12A couple of changes for Newcastle. The first sees Gayle make way for Andy Carroll.,0
Asst: A. Saint-MaximinBRILLIANT!!! 3-0 NEWCASTLE! That could well be the three points as well! Almiron receives the ball from Saint-Maximin 25 yards from goal, before driving into the box and placing a right-footed shot into the top corner beyond the reach of Ramsdale.,1
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29A change for Bournemouth at the break has seen Lewis Cook replace Billing.,0
ke clatters into Almiron in the centre of the field and can have no complaints as his name is taken by the referee.,2
Sean LongstaffNewcastle · Midfielder #36Longstaff limps off to be replaced by Miguel Almiron.,0
Asst: A. Saint-MaximinTERRIFIC GOAL!!! 2-0 TO NEWCASTLE! Longstaff doubles the lead with a brilliant first-time finish into the roof of the net after some superb work from Saint-Maximin, who turned Smith inside out with some wonderful skills in the area.,1
Kelly is shown the first yellow card of the game after a rash challenge on Longstaff.,2
Asst: A. Saint-MaximinGAYLE!!! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! Lerma is careless in possession just outside his own penalty area and Newcastle ruthlessly pounce. Saint-Maximin immediately picks out an unmarked Gayle, who clinically grabs his opportunity with both hands.,1
Gleison BremerTorino · Defender #36Bremer also comes off, with Djidji replacing him.,0
Ola AinaTorino · Midfielder #34Longo makes a double change now and Aina is first to make way for Ansaldi.,0
Lorenzo De SilvestriTorino · Midfielder #29The second change for Torino sees De Silvestri making way for Edera.,0
Dybala dribbles past three Torino defenders before Izzo steps across him to stop the run. The forward goes to ground, but the referee sees it as a dive and he's booked for simulation.,2
Simone VerdiTorino · Midfielder #24Longo makes his first change now and he brings on Millico for Verdi.,0
T'S WONDERFUL FROM RONALDO! There was never going to be anyone else standing over this free-kick and Ronaldo lifts the shot over the wall and curls it into the top-left of the corner, giving Sirigu no chance. 3-1 Juventus!,1
Aina blocks Danilo's shot just outside the box with his hand and is shown a yellow card.,2
zzo is booked after blocking off Ronaldo's run and bringing him down.,2
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Striker #33Second change for Juventus now and it's Costa coming on for Bernardeschi.,0
Miralem PjanićJuventus · Midfielder #5Sarri is making the first change of the game as he brings on Matuidi for Pjanic.,0
enalty GoalTORINO HAVE ONE BACK! It's Belotti that steps up to take it and it's a confident take from the forward. He sends his shot into the bottom-left corner and although Buffon goes the right way, there's no way he could've stopped that one. 2-1!,1
janic is very late as he tries to win the ball back from Berenguer and is shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: C. RonaldoCUADRADO SCORES! It's a quick break by Juventus and Cuadrado stays with Ronaldo as his support. He gets the ball, wrongfoots Bremer in the middle of the box and drills his shot across the keeper and into the bottom-left corner. 2-0 Juventus! ,1
Bonucci picks up the first yellow card of the game after he stretches to reach the ball but ends up catching Verdi with a late tackle.,2
Asst: J. CuadradoJUVENTUS LEAD! It's brilliant from Dybala as he weaves his way past two Torino defenders in the box, leaving Lyanco on the floor. He waits for Izzo to commit himself before curling his shot over the defender and into the back of the net. 1-0 Juventus!,1
sst: A. WitselGOAL!!!!! 2-1 ATLETICO!!!! Griezmann scores in the 101st minute to give Atletico the win! The corner is whipped in and flicked towards the back post, where Griezmann is completely unmarked to head home. Unbelievable finish to the game!,1
enalty GoalGOAL!!!!! 1-1 URIBE!!!1 Uribe steps up to take the penalty and shoots into the bottom right corner! Oblak gets a hand to the ball but cannot keep it out.,1
Asst: Á. CorreaGOALL!!!!! 1-0 ATLETICO!!!! Hermoso is the hero for Atletico! He receives a pass from Correa on the edge of the box, glides past his marker, and shoots towards goal. His shot deflects over the goalkeeper and into the net.,1
GalenoPorto · Midfielder #13Veron replaces Galeno as Porto look to hold on with 10 men.,0
ED CARD! Taremi receives a second yellow card, this time for diving as he falls over in the box near Witsel. The referee did not hesitate to give the second booking.,3
EvanilsonPorto · Striker #30Martinez comes on for Evanilson to add extra energy to Porto's attack late on.,0
OtávioPorto · Midfielder #25Costa replaces Otavio, who cannot continue due to injury.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Correa replaces Felix to add extra energy to the Atletico attack in the final stages of the game.,0
aremi receives a yellow card after a silly foul and over-complaining to the referee.,2
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Morata's game is over as he is replaced by Hermoso for the final 22 minutes.,0
ribe enters the referee's book after tripping over Felix while the attacker was dribbling at pace.,2
PepêPorto · Defender #11Mario replaces Pepe, who was on a yellow card and being targeted by the Atletico attackers.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #17Griezmann replaces Saul to add another player to the Atletico frontline.,0
oke receives a booking after a sliding challenge on Galeno near the half-way line.,2
Pepe receives a yellow card as he brings down Felix as the attacker was sprinting in behind.,2
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Lemar replaces Carrasco at half-time to try and improve Atletico's attacking output.,0
Nahuel MolinaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16De Paul replaces Molina to improve the attacking options for Atletico.,0
Emmanuel GyasiSpezia · Midfielder #11Spezia skipper Gyasi makes way with the game lost; Holm is given a brief cameo.,0
Kevin AgudeloSpezia · Striker #33A fruitless 90 minutes for Agudelo comes to its end, as Ellertsson replaces him for the final few seconds.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Inter make their final change, as Brozovic comes off and recent signing Asllani is thrown on.,0
Asst: E. DžekoCORREA STRIKES! Finally, almost walking the ball into the net, Inter score their third goal of the game, as Correa receives the ball from Dzeko inside the box and sidesteps Nikolaou before slotting the ball home! That's 3-0 to the hosts: job done!,1
Simone BastoniSpezia · Midfielder #20Gotti makes another substitution, as Kovalenko makes his return from injury to replace Simone Bastoni in midfield.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez makes way for his countryman Correa up front for the final few minutes.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Both goalscorers are withdrawn by Inzaghi, with Inter on course for victory. First, Calhanoglu is replaced by Gagliardini in midfield.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Inzaghi also makes a change on the left flank, as Dimarco makes way for Gosens.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #90To warm applause, Lukaku departs the scene and Dzeko will be his replacement.,0
Mattia CaldaraSpezia · Defender #29On his return to San Siro, Milan loanee Caldara is hauled off early; Hristov comes on.,0
Jacopo SalaSpezia · Midfielder #7Spezia's second change sees Sala depart and Strelec come on.,0
INTER STRIKE AGAIN! With a clinical finish, following approach play from Skriniar and Lukaku, Calhanoglu slots the ball into the bottom corner for Inter's second! The Nerazzurri go 2-0 up at the Meazza and surely extinguish Spezia's hopes of a fightback.,1
Asst: R. LukakuINTER LEAD! The Nerazzurri's front two are back in business at San Siro! Lukaku runs through the centre to meet a ball from the right; nodding back into the path of Martinez, who calmly controls it and then strikes into the bottom-left corner! Inter 1-0 Spezia, and that's a much deserved opener for the hosts!,1
n incident in the aftermath of Carvajal's last-gasp goal sees Bellingham booked.,2
ubstitute Suarez joins Carvajal and Bellingham in the book, amid a busy period for the referee.,2
aving ripped off his shirt during the goal celebrations, Carvajal is shown an obligatory yellow card - but he surely won't mind!,2
sst: J. BellinghamMADRID SNATCH VICTORY! Arriving at the back post to meet Bellingham's header across the box, Carvajal saves the day for Real Madrid! Los Blancos complete their comeback deep into stoppage time! The full-back slips past Chumi to sidefoot home from close range and break Almeria hearts! It's 3-2 to the hosts!,1
Second-half substitute Camavinga is booked for his challenge on Lopy in midfield.,2
Lucas RobertoneAlmería · Midfielder #5Almeria take their final roll of the dice, replacing Robertone with Melero for the final few minutes.,0
corer of Almeria's second goal, Edgar Gonzalez is now booked by the referee for a clear foul.,2
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Having run out of steam, Kroos trudges off, to be replaced by Camavinga.,0
Largie RamazaniAlmería · Midfielder #7Opening goalscorer Ramazani, who found the net less than a minute after kick-off, comes off as well; Embarba is sent on.,0
Sergio ArribasAlmería · Midfielder #19Two more changes for Almeria: first, Arribas is replaced by Lazaro.,0
Upon his recovery from a knock that left him needing the once over, Pozo is presented with a yellow card for a foul.,2
Marko MilovanovićAlmería · Striker #29In a swap up front, Suarez replaces Milovanovic.,0
Marc PubillAlmería · Defender #18Almeria are up in arms at events since half-time. Some substitutes are sent on to steady the ship: first, Pubill makes way for Pozo.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Ancelotti also makes another change, as Valverde is withdrawn and Ceballos is sent on.,0
sst: A. TchouaméniREAL MADRID ARE BACK ON LEVEL TERMS! Another VAR decision goes in the home side's favour, as it is judged that Vinicius forced the ball home with his shoulder rather than his arm! He found the top corner from Tchouameni's cross, and despite being initially ruled out, the goal will stand! It's 2-2 at the Bernabeu!,1
ollowing Almeria's disallowed 'goal', Lopy is shown a yellow card by the referee for making contact with Bellingham.,2
enalty GoalMADRID PULL ONE BACK! Los Blancos reduce their arrears! Bellingham steps up to the spot after Kaiky is penalised by VAR for a handball, and Madrid's top scorer scuffs a low penalty straight down the middle! Maximiano dives out of the way! It's now just 2-1 to Almeria!,1
n outrageous foul by Ramazani, who jumps up and hauls back Brahim Diaz by the shoulders, is punished by the game's first booking.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11And the disappointing Rodrygo is also withdrawn, as Joselu comes on for the second half.,0
NachoReal Madrid · Defender #6Ancelotti has rung the changes at half-time, making a triple substitution: first, Brahim Diaz is sent on for Nacho.,0
EAL TRAIL BY TWO! Pouncing on a mistake by Madrid captain Nacho, who can only present the ball to his opponent with a mishit clearance, Edgar Gonzalez fires Almeria further in front! The visitors are in dreamland now, as they go 2-0 up at the Bernabeu! It was a brilliant finish, slammed in at the near post, beating Kepa's despairing dive!,1
sst: L. RobertoneALMERIA STUN THE BERNABEU! Incredibly, La Liga's last-placed side lead in Madrid! The hosts fail to put in a tackle, as Robertone strides through the centre and plays in Ramazani, who coolly beats Kepa by firing into the top-left corner! Could the goalkeeper have done more? It's 1-0 to the visitors - what a start!,1
Fernandinho wipes out Bowen on the left flank and goes into the book.,2
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Rodri replaces Gundogan in the middle of the park for the closing stages.,0
Ben JohnsonWest Ham · Midfielder #31Johnson makes his way off the pitch and is replaced by Bowen.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #30Antonio has run a good shift for the visitors and is now withdrawn with tiring legs. Benrahma replaces the forward.,0
sst: R. MahrezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! STONES BURIES HIS STRIKE!!!! 2-1 CITY!! The home side regain the lead with a fine effort from Stones. Mahrez probes down the right flank and opens up space for an offload towards the defender in space. Stones meets it first time with his right foot and guides his effort through a crowd of players and past Randolph.,1
Ferran TorresMan City · Striker #21Foden replaces Torres on the left flank for the home side.,0
Sergio AgüeroMan City · Striker #10Aguero is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Jesus.,0
Asst: J. LingardGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ANTONIO CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 1-1!!! Antonio diverts Lingard's strike into the back of the net to level the scores. The Hammer find space on the right flank as Coufal presses forward. He cuts a cross back to Lingard, who directs an effort towards goal. Antonio makes sure it crosses the line, stabbing home from two yards.,1
sst: K. De BruyneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DIAS HEADS CITY IN FRONT!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as the Portuguese powers a header past Randolph from close range. De Bruyne is the architect as he delivers a sublime cross from the right flank to the back post. Dias rises and plants his effort through Randolph into the back of the net. The defender notches his first City goal.,1
Johnson pulls back Mahrez after the forward bursts past him down the right flank. The wing-back goes into the book.,2
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Midfielder #7Barnes is indeed forced off, with Tete on in his place.,0
Joe RothwellBournemouth · Midfielder #14O'Neil makes his first alteration as Cook is on for Rothwell.,0
Ricardo Domingos Barbosa PereiraLeicester City · Midfielder #21Pereira is replaced by Iheanacho in an attacking change.,0
GOAL!!! Bournemouth have the lead!!! It is a huge error from Maddison, who woefully underhits a backpass for his goalkeeper. Billing is alert to race onto the ball, superbly changing his body shape before stroking past Iversen and into the back of the net. The Cherries lead 1-0!!!,1
Rothwell receives the first yellow card of the contest for a late challenge on Maddison.,2
Nagida wipes out Reijnders as Milan look to add a fourth, receiving a yellow card for his troubles. Perhaps more pressing, though, is that Milan will have a free-kick in a great shooting position.,2
Christian PulisicMilan · Midfielder #11After a solid outing, Pulisic now makes way for Adli.,0
Azor MatusiwaRennes · Midfielder #6Blas joins the action, on in place of Matusiwa. Can Rennes' top European scorer this season find the back of the net again?,0
Alessandro FlorenziMilan · Defender #42Florenzi also makes way, with Terracciano coming on to replace him.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekMilan · Midfielder #8After an excellent outing's work in which he has found the net twice with two headers, Loftus-Cheek departs the pitch. Bennacer is the man chosen to deputise in midfield.,0
Guéla DouéRennes · Defender #17Seidu also enters the fray, on in place of Doue.,0
Arnaud KalimuendoRennes · Striker #9As Stephan desperately looks for a way back into the contest, he makes a pair of changes. The first sees Gouiri come on for Kalimuendo-Muinga.,0
Simon KjærMilan · Defender #24Pioli also uses it as an opportunity for Thiaw to get some minutes, with the centre-back having been out through injury since November. He comes on for Kjaer.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #10With his team in charge of this game and with a big Serie A fixture coming up this weekend, Pioli looks to freshen up his team. The first change sees Leao head off after making it 3-0, with Okafor on in his place.,0
Asst: T. HernándezGOOOAAALLL!!! LEAO MAKES IT 3-0!!! Milan are firmly in control now as Leao fires them three goals to the good. It's a sublime finish too, as Hernandez cleverly cuts the ball back to him on the edge of the box after Leao's neat backheel put him in down the left. The winger races onto it before coolly firing a right-footed finish past Mandanda and in to tighten Milan's grip on this tie.,1
OOOAAALLL!!! LOFTUS-CHEEK HAS A DOUBLE!!! Just moments after half-time, Hernandez whips a delightful inswinging corner into the Rennes box, where Kjaer flicks goalwards. Mandanda makes a sublimely acrobatic stop to keep it out, but the ball is only cleared to Loftus-Cheek, who powers a header into the back of the net to get his and Milan's second to make it 2-0!,1
sst: A. FlorenziGOOOAAALLL!!! LOFTUS-CHEEK PUTS MILAN AHEAD!!! They have been wasteful so far in this game, but Loftus-Cheek absolutely buries this one. Florenzi curls a brilliant cross in from the right, and Loftus-Cheek does superbly to flick it on towards the far corner, giving Mandanda no chance and putting the hosts 1-0 up!,1
Elijah AdebayoLuton Town · Striker #11Adebayo went down a few moments ago but is now back on his feet to come off. Woodrow is on for the final few minutes to try and make an impression. What an opportunity for the striker to score the winner.,0
Carlton MorrisLuton Town · Midfielder #9Morris scored Luton's third and is now coming off. He hands the captain's armband to Mpanzu before coming off for Brown.,0
Alfie DoughtyLuton Town · Midfielder #45Doughty is also on his way off after an energetic performance on the left. He is replaced by Burke, who started the last match.,0
Murphy makes a late slide tackle on Ogbene and is shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: L. MileyGOALLL! BARNES SCORES! 4-4! Newcastle come from two goals behind to level the score! Barnes receives possession from Miley on the edge of the box and shifts the ball onto his left foot before curling a low effort into the bottom-left corner. He went for accuracy rather than power to find the equaliser.,1
Jordan ClarkLuton Town · Midfielder #18Luton make a change immediately after Newcastle's goal. Mpanzu is on to replace Clark in this frantic contest.,0
sst: B. GuimarãesGOALLLLL! TRIPPIER GETS ONE BACK FOR NEWCASTLE! The hosts needed that! Miley finds Guimaraes on the left, with the midfielder curling a cross with the outside of his boot towards Trippier. The right-back gets ahead of his marker and sends a first-time effort into the bottom-left corner. Luton lead 4-3.,1
Dan BurnNewcastle · Defender #33Burn has had a torrid time at left-back and gave away a penalty for Luton's third goal. The electric Livramento replaces him in the defence to try and add some attacking qualities.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Barnes makes his first appearance since September after a serious injury. He is on for Almiron in the attack.,0
Asst: R. BarkleyGOALLL! ADEBAYO SCORES! 4-2 LUTON! The Hatters score again! Trippier advances forward and leaves Doughty plenty of space to run into. He slides a pass across to Barkley, who is on the edge of the box. The midfielder then rolls a pass down the right to Adebayo, who drives his low strike across the goal and into the bottom-left corner.,1
Lokonga is shown a yellow card after dragging back Guimaraes around the halfway mark.,2
enalty GoalGOALLL! MORRIS SCORES! 3-2 LUTON! The Hatters are ahead for the first time. Morris takes a slow run before slotting his effort down the right side of the goal. Dubravka dives the other way.,1
Burn is shown a yellow card for dragging back Ogbene on the edge of the box. The VAR check is ongoing for a possible penalty.,2
Anthony GordonNewcastle · Striker #10Howe makes a change before the restart to try and make Newcastle's attack more threatening. He brings on Wilson to add a recognised striker, with the England international making his first appearance since December 26. Gordon is off.,0
OALLL! BARKLEY SCORES! 2-2! Luton equalises for the second time. Barkley wins possession off Longstaff and drives towards the edge of the box before sliding a pass down the left to Doughty. His low strike is saved by Dubravka, but Barkley is there to thump in the rebound.,1
GOALLLL! LONGSTAFF SCORES AGAIN! 2-1 NEWCASTLE! The Magpies are ahead again. Gordon races away on the counter down the left and uses his pace to get beyond Osho. The winger then drives into the box and cuts onto his right foot before having a shot saved by Kaminski. However, Longstaff is quickest to the rebound to score.,1
sst: C. MorrisGOALLL! LUTON ARE LEVEL! 1-1! Barkley is over a deep free-kick inside Newcastle's half on the right and he whips a cross onto the head of Morris. The striker knocks it across the box to Osho, who gets away from his maker and powers his header into the net.,1
Asst: K. TrippierGOALLLL! LONGSTAFF SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! The hosts take an early lead. Miley collects possession just inside Luton's half and chips a superb pass down the right to Trippier. The right-back gets to the byline and cuts it back to Longstaff, who arrives in the box and drives his low effort into the bottom-left corner.,1
De Bruyne steps on the top of Danilo's foot as he tries to win the ball back and is shown a yellow card. ,2
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Another change for PSG now as Paredes is taken off and Herrera is on to replace him.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11PSG are making a change after the sending off and it's Di Maria that's making way for Danilo.,0
PSG DOWN TO 10! It's an awful challenge from Gueye as he went in on the back of Gundogan and caught him with his studs getting nowhere near the ball and the referee shows him a straight red card.,3
Neymar catches Dias with a late challenge when he tries to block his pass and has his name taken by the referee.,2
CITY LEAD! It looks like De Bruyne is stepping up to take the free-kick Foden won just outside the box, but it's Mahrez that hits it. A big gap opens up in the wall between Paredes and Kimpembe which Mahrez curls his shot through and he picks out the bottom corner. 2-1 City!,1
aredes brings down Foden when he wins the ball back and ends up kicking the ball away in frustration which earns him a booking.,2
Asst: O. ZinchenkoDE BRUYNE EQUALISES! It looks like De Bruyne is putting a cross into the box after it's switched out to him from a corner. Navas waits for a City player in the box to touch it but it never comes and the ball nestles into the bottom corner before the keeper can react. 1-1! ,1
João CanceloMan City · Defender #27City make the first change of the game and it's Cancelo, who was booked in the first half, that's going off for Zinchenko.,0
Cancelo flies in to try and nick the ball off Mbappe, but is late on the forward and earns the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: A. Di MaríaPSG LEAD! PSG win another corner which is put in by Di Maria. Marquinhos starts on the penalty spot and Gundogan loses him as he runs to the near post. He rises highest and glances his header across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 PSG!,1
Bruno PetkovićDinamo Zagreb · Striker #9Final change for Dinamo as they look to run the clock down even more. Petkovic is taken off and replaced by Drmic.,0
Baturina slides through the back of James, getting nowhere near the ball, bringing the defender down. He's booked and Chelsea have another free-kick.,2
Arijan AdemiDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #5Ademi slowly tries to make his way off the pitch, but the referee hurries him off on the opposite side. Baturina is on for the final minutes.,0
Sadegh MoharramiDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #2And there's a double change for Dinamo as well. Moharrami is taken off and replaced by Lauritsen.,0
Mislav OršićDinamo Zagreb · Striker #99And the goal scorer, Orsic, makes way for Spikic.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Striker #17Final roll of the dice for Chelsea here. Pulisic is on in place of Sterling.,0
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Midfielder #21Fourth change for Chelsea now, and it's a straight swap at left wing-back as Cucurella comes on in place of Chilwell.,0
Koulibaly slides in on Orsic to stop him from breaking on the counter. He takes out the forward and picks up a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangChelsea · Striker #9And Aubameyang is also making way, with Broja coming on in his place.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Chelsea are making a double change as they continue to look for a way back into the game. Kovacic's match against his former side is over, with Jorginho replacing him.,0
Mount isn't happy with the referee's decision not to give Chelsea a penalty and he's booked for dissent.,2
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Defender #28There's a change at the break for Chelsea, as Azpilicueta is taken off for Ziyech, who will play right wing-back as James moves into the back three.,0
Asst: B. PetkovićORSIC SCORES! Completely against the run of play, Dinamo lead 1-0! Chelsea had everyone in Dinamo's half and Ljubicic goes long to Petkovic who flicks it on. Orsic bursts forward out of his own half and tries to dink it over Kepa, who rushed off his line. The keeper gets a hand to it, but can't stop it from bobbling over the line.,1
sst: R. Kolo MuaniRAMOS ADDS A SECOND TO HIS TALLY! 4-0! A Marseille free-kick inside PSG’s half is easily cleared by Mukiele, whose header sparks Kolo Muani into life on the counter-attack. The striker is allowed to run the length of the pitch before sending an inch-perfect pass across the face of goal for Ramos, who tucks it away easily!,1
Lodi clumsily tangles himself with Kolo Muani on the edge of the penalty area, giving PSG yet another set-piece in a dangerous position.,2
Jonathan ClaussMarseille · Midfielder #7Clauss is recalled to the bench. Nadir is given a chance to impress.,0
Leonardo BalerdiMarseille · Defender #5A substitution for Marseille sees Balerdi swapped for Meite in defence.,0
Bradley BarcolaPSG · Midfielder #29Soler comes in for Barcola in a midfield change for the hosts.,0
Achraf HakimiPSG · Defender #2Hakimi is given an early rest with PSG making a number of changes. Mukiele is chosen to see out the remainder.,0
Veretout sticks his leg out and catches Ugarte cynically, which prompts the referee to brandish the yellow card.,2
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangMarseille · Striker #10Correa replaces Aubameyang as Marseille continue to search for a goal.,0
igot's heavy challenge on Ruiz in midfield earns the centre-back a yellow card.,2
Ousmane DembéléPSG · Midfielder #10Dembele is given a rest with 21 minutes left to go in the game. Ruiz gets a chance to stretch his legs.,0
Lucas HernándezPSG · Defender #21A change at the back for PSG sees Danilo replace Hernandez.,0
sst: O. DembéléTHREE FOR PSG! 3-0! Dembele is allowed to travel the length of Marseille’s half in possession before picking his head up on the edge of the penalty area and sending a cross towards Ramos, who beats Mbemba to the ball and tucks his diving header past the outstretched hand of Lopez!,1
Azzedine OunahiMarseille · Midfielder #8Harit replaces Ounahi in a half-time change for the visitors.,0
VitinhaMarseille · Striker #9Ndiaye is also introduced ahead of the second half, with Oliveira replaced.,0
A POACHER’S FINISH TO MAKE IT 2-0! Hakimi finds a pocket of space 25 yards from goal and hammers a low, powerful shot that cannons off the base of the post. In the right place at the right time, Kolo Muani manages to keep onside and tuck the rebound neatly into the open goal!,1
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Confirmation of the enforced change, with Mbappe heading straight down the tunnel with a member of the medical staff beside him. Ramos is brought in as his replacement just after the half-hour mark.,0
IMPLY SUBLIME! 1-0 PSG! Hakimi steps up and strikes the deadball, using his toe to wrap the set-piece around the wall and sends his effort into the perfect spot in the top corner! Despite his full-length dive, Lopez had no chance to get to the full-back’s hit, which gives the hosts the lead!,1
Bruno Guimaraes is now booked for his reaction to perceived time-wasting by Leeds.,2
rying to run down the clock at a goal-kick, Meslier invites the Newcastle players' anger and is shown a yellow card for wasting time.,2
or shoving the time-wasting Meslier and setting off a subsquent scuffle, Wilson is booked.,2
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Having put in a typically energetic - but ultimately fruitless - shift, Almiron is replaced by Murphy for the final few minutes.,0
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Leeds introduce fresh legs up front: Gelhardt comes on for Rodrigo.,0
Luke AylingLeeds United · Defender #2A switch of right-backs sees Ayling coming off and Kristensen thrown on.,0
Wilfried GnontoLeeds United · Midfielder #29Marsch opts for a double substitution heading into the final 20 minutes: Gnonto is replaced by Summerville.,0
For failing to retreat a full 10 yards at Newcastle's free-kick, Gnonto is eventually shown a yellow card by the referee, who runs out of patience with the young forward.,2
 mistimed challenge by Roca on Bruno Guimaraes results in a booking for the Leeds substitute.,2
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock comes off for wing wizard Saint-Maximin.,0
Chris WoodNewcastle · Striker #20To the roars of the Geordie faithful, Howe makes a couple of attacking changes. First, Wood is replaced by Wilson up front.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Leeds also make another substitution, as Harrison makes way for Klich.,0
For taking out the fleet-footed Almiron with a late challenge, Struijk receives a yellow card.,2
Adam ForshawLeeds United · Midfielder #4Leeds have made a change in midfield at half-time, as Forshaw makes way for Roca.,0
ith the half-time whistle drawing near, Ayling trips Willock inside his own half; conceding a dangerous free-kick and taking a booking for his troubles.,2
aving seen Almiron gift possession to Leeds, Trippier then clips a fast-countering Gnonto and is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Koubek is booked for time-wasting as he looks to see out this precious point.,2
Asst: S. CórdovaGOAL!!! AUGSBURG ARE LEVEL!! IT'S 2-2! Cordoba leaves Hernandez on the floor as the defender looks for a soft foul and fizzes across goal for Finnbogason to tap in! They've punished Bayern's wastefulness at the other end!,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #22Gnabry is replaced by Goretzka in Kovac's final change, with the former Schalke midfielder coming back from a thigh injury. His introduction pushes Muller wide to the right.,0
artinez goes into the book for a cynical foul on substitute Cordova as he looks to mount a counter-attack.,2
Marco RichterAugsburg · Midfielder #23A strange decision by Schmidt to withdraw arguably his best performer in Richter, with Cordova taking his place.,0
Philippe CoutinhoBayern · Midfielder #10Muller is on for Coutinho as Kovac looks to kill off the game. The Brazilian had been quiet in the last 20 minutes or so.,0
hedira clatters into Martinez and is the latest player to go into the book in what is becoming an increasingly ill-tempered contest.,2
Florian NiederlechnerAugsburg · Striker #7Niederlechner goes off in place of Icelandic striker Finnbogason up front in Augsburg's second change.,0
Richter protests as he's shown a yellow card for a frustrated tackle on Hernandez. It was a poor challenge and the booking is deserved.,2
Reece OxfordAugsburg · Midfielder #36Schmidt makes a positive change, replacing defensive midfielder Oxford with an attacking midfielder in Jensen.,0
Asst: P. CoutinhoGOAL! GNABRY MAKES IT 2-1!! It's a lovely goal from the winger as he drifts into the middle before placing a low, curling effort into the bottom corner out of Koubek's reach. Really nice finish.,1
hiago scythes Richter down in the middle of the park after some quick feet got him away to lead a break. He's deservedly booked.,2
Bayern's attack breaks down as Coutinho tries to lay it back to Thiago and Kimmich brings Vargas down in the centre circle. The referee plays advantage initially but comes back to book Kimmich once the chance is gone.,2
sst: S. GnabryGOAL!! LEWANDOWSKI BRINGS BAYERN LEVEL! Gnabry delivers an inch-perfect ball from the right and the in-form striker glances the ball into the far corner despite a touch from Koubek, who should do better. It's 1-1!,1
Niklas SüleBayern · Defender #4Sule managed to hobble off the field and is replaced by Alaba, who makes his own return from injury. He goes to left-back, allowing Hernandez to shuffle across to centre-back and Pavard to move to the right of the central pairing, where he is more comfortable.,0
Asst: R. KhediraGOAL!!! AUGSBURG TAKE THE LEAD!! A throw-in is really poorly defended and Khedira heads a loose ball in behind for Richter, who volleys past Neuer and into the corner after less than 30 seconds! It's 1-0 to Augsburg!,1
Gordon is the latest player to go into the book for hauling Giannoulis to the ground by his shoulders. An easy decision for the referee.,2
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Benitez makes a late change now as he hands 18-year-old forward Dobbin his senior debut, replacing Iwobi.,0
Brandon WilliamsNorwich City · Defender #21Farke makes a like-for-like change at left-back now, bringing Williams off for Giannoulis.,0
Williams wrestles Gordon to the ground as the Everton substitute raced down the right and the Manchester United loanee earns himself a yellow card.,2
Demarai GrayEverton · Midfielder #11Benitez replaces Gray with a central midfielder in Davies as he looks to control the game in the closing stages.,0
Lees-Melou is booked after cynically clipping the heel of Doucoure as the Everton midfielder drove forward on the break.,2
Asst: D. GrayGOAL!!! DOUCOURE DOUBLES EVERTON'S LEAD!!! McLean is caught by Allan in midfield and Gray surges forward with the ball before slipping it into Doucoure, who fires low across the goalkeeper and in from the right side of the box! It's 2-0 to Everton now!,1
Andros TownsendEverton · Midfielder #14Benitez makes his first change of the match, bringing Townsend off for 20-year-old Gordon.,0
Mathias NormannNorwich City · Midfielder #16Normann is also brought off as a precaution, and he too is replaced by another forward in the form of Tzolis.,0
Ozan KabakNorwich City · Defender #15Farke makes an attacking change as he chases the game now, bringing centre-back Kabak off for an extra forward in Rashica.,0
Digne is the next player to be booked for scything Aarons down at the byline after the Norwich right-back burst past him.,2
Kabak is the first player to go into the book after a clumsy sliding challenge on Rondon. The Norwich defender has been very rash at times this afternoon.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL!!! TOWNSEND SCORES!!! The Everton winger steps up and calmly slots his penalty down the middle as Krul dives away to his left! There was a lengthy delay between the incident and the spot-kick, but Townsend was unfazed. It's 1-0 to Everton!,1
ook is now booked after bringing down Daka during a Leicester counter-attack.,2
James MaddisonLeicester City · Midfielder #10No chance for the hat-trick for Maddison, as he makes way for Albrighton.,0
Maddison is carded after a lunging tackle on Lodi, there was not much contact, but the referee has penalised him for the intent.,2
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #8Rodgers does make a change in midfield, with Tielemans replaced by Praet.,0
Asst: J. MaddisonGOAAAALLLL - LEICESTER 4-0 FOREST - Daka grabs a goal off the bench as he backheels Maddison's cross into the bottom corner. Maddison's low pass had plenty of zip on the ball, allowing Daka to flick the ball towards the goal without any trouble. Henderson was wrong-footed, and he picked the ball out of the net for the fourth time.,1
Referee Robert Jones showed Soumare a yellow card after he tried to bring down Mangala, not once but twice, by pulling his shirt.,2
Jesse LingardNottm Forest · Midfielder #11Lingard's miserable night is over, with Mangala now on the field after recovering from a hamstring injury.,0
Lingard is shown a yellow card after nearly catching Justin in the face with a high boot.,2
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9Forest also alter their forward line with less than 30 minutes remaining as Awoniyi makes way for Dennis.,0
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9No goal for Vardy tonight as he is replaced by Daka just past the hour mark.,0
Lewis O'BrienNottm Forest · Midfielder #14Another change in midfield sees O'Brien make way for Yates.,0
Wilfred NdidiLeicester City · Midfielder #25With Ndidi back from injury, Rodgers sends on Soumare for the second half.,0
Cheikhou KouyatéNottm Forest · Midfielder #21Cooper alters his midfield as Kouyate is replaced by Freuler.,0
Neco WilliamsNottm Forest · Defender #7Aurier makes his first appearance as he replaces Williams.,0
GOAAALLLL - LEICESTER 3-0 FOREST - Maddison gets his second and Leicester's third with a sensational free-kick. The midfielder curled his strike over the wall and off the post, leaving Henderson to just stand and admire his work.,1
Kouyate is the second Forest player to be booked after he brought down Dewsbury-Hall from behind on the edge of the box.,2
sst: J. VardyWHAT A GOALLLLL - LEICESTER 2-0 FOREST - The Foxes are running riot at the King Power Stadium, and Barnes doubles their advantage. Maddison's long ball forward released Vardy down the left wing, who then turned back and picked out Barnes on the edge of the box. The winger did the rest, cutting inside before curling his shot into the far corner. A sublime counter-attacking goal, and Cooper's team look lost out there.,1
GOAAALLL - LEICESTER 1-0 FOREST - Maddison continues his fine start to the season with a goal from outside the box. Forest failed to clear their lines, with Lingard's poor clearance falling at the feet of Maddison. The playmaker picked his spot, but his effort took a wicked deflection off McKenna, leaving Henderson no chance in the Forest goal.,1
illiams is shown a yellow card for a handball, although it did not look intentional.,2
sst: FredFERNANDES SEALS IT! Shaw picks out Fred in acres of space in the middle of the field and he has time to spot Fernandes' run ahead of him. Fulham are slow to close him down and he has a quick glance up before rifling his shot past Leno and into the far top corner. 3-1 United!,1
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18And the final change sees Cairney brought on for Pereira.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14De Cordova-Reid is also taken off, with Solomon on in his place.,0
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #6James comes on to face his former side, with Reed making way for him.,0
Kenny TeteFulham · Defender #2With one minute and stoppage time left, Fulham are making a quadruple change as they try to force this tie to extra time. Tete is the first to go off, with Cedric replacing him.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10United are making their second change as they look to see out this win. Rashford goes off, with Fred on to take his place.,0
Asst: L. ShawSABITZER SCORES! The game has been turned on its head! It's worked out to Sancho on the left and he picks out Shaw's overlapping run. He squares it into the middle of the six-yard box and Sabitzer, on the half-turn, flicks it over Leno and into the back of the net. After a quick VAR check for offside, the goal stands, and United are 2-1 up!,1
enalty GoalFERNANDES EQUALISES! Despite an absolutely manic few minutes, Fernandes keeps his cool from the spot. He takes a slow run-up and makes no mistake as he rolls his spot-kick into the bottom-right corner, sending Leno the wrong way. 1-1!,1
ITROVIC IS OFF TOO! Fulham have completely lost their heads here! Mitrovic went straight over to the referee as he was showing the red card to Willian, and he crosses a line with what he said before pushing the referee and putting his head towards him. Fulham are down to nine men in a matter of seconds!,3
WILLIAN IS OFF! The referee is left with no choice but to also show a red card to Willian after denying a clear goal-scoring opportunity with his hand on the line. He's shaking his head in disbelief, but he can't argue with that.,3
Antony knocks it past Robinson, who had already committed himself to the challenge. He brings him down and goes into the book.,2
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39United are making the first change of the game. McTominay is taken off, with Antony replacing him, and that means Fernandes will be dropping back into a deeper role.,0
sst: I. DiopMITROVIC SCORES! It's been coming from Fulham! United concede another corner, and Pereira's cross is missed by Fernandes. Diop gets in front of Martinez to flick it onto the edge of the six-yard box and Mitrovic makes no mistake as he sends it into the back of the net from close range for his first FA Cup goal. 1-0 Fulham!,1
itrovic starts to spin away from Maguire, so the defender wrestles him to the ground. It's a costly booking that would see him miss the semi-final if United get there.,2
Sancho threatens to break on the counter after intercepting Pereira's poor cross, and the Brazilian just tugs him back to earn the first booking of the game.,2
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL!!! MCBURNIE SCORES FROM THE SPOT TO LEVEL!!! While McAtee was stood with the ball in his hands, it was simply a tactic to take the pressure off McBurnie. The striker is the man instead trusted to take the penalty, and he repays that faith by rifling into the bottom-left corner to make it 2-2!!!,1
Alphonse AreolaWest Ham · Goalkeeper #23Areola is forced off, with Fabianski on to try and save the penalty and secure the three points for his side! Can he save his team-mate after his crucial error?,0
EST HAM ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN!!! Just moments after picking up his first booking, Coufal is now given his marching orders too with both sides now down to 10! His second is for a challenge on McAtee.,3
Danny IngsWest Ham · Midfielder #18While he doesn't come away with a goal, Ings has put in a real shift here and had a hand in both West Ham goals. He makes way for Mubama as the seconds continue to tick away.,0
oufal is booked, meanwhile, for his role in the melee following Brewster's poor challenge.,2
REWSTER IS SENT OFF!!! The VAR takes a look, and after sending the referee to the pitchside monitor, Brewster receives his marching orders. It was a very late and needless challenge, and the substitute is sent for an early bath.,3
Vinícius SouzaSheffield United · Midfielder #21Wilder brings on Norwood for Vinicius as he tries to desperately find a way back into the game for his team.,0
Andre BrooksSheffield United · Midfielder #35Brewster also enters the fray, on in place of Brooks.,0
Auston TrustySheffield United · Defender #5In response to his team falling behind for a second time, Wilder brings on Norrington-Davies for Trusty.,0
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL!!! WARD-PROWSE MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT!!! The midfielder is so reliable in dead-ball situations, and he fires his penalty straight down the middle and into the back of the net with Foderingham guessing wrong. 2-1 to the Hammers!,1
Ahmedhodzic is cautioned for hauling down Ings as West Ham looked to counter.,2
Maxwel CornetWest Ham · Midfielder #17Moyes' first substitution sees Johnson come on for Cornet. Both goalscorers have now made way for their respective teams.,0
Brooks goes in the book for scything down the marauding Emerson.,2
Ben Brereton DíazSheffield United · Midfielder #11Brereton, having equalised near the end of the first half, makes way for Archer as Wilder looks to freshen up his attack.,0
William OsulaSheffield United · Striker #32McBurnie comes on for Osula at the break. Will that give the Blades a boost in attack?,0
GOOOAAALLL!!! BRERETON SCORES ON HIS PREMIER LEAGUE DEBUT!!! What a huge moment this could be for Sheffield United as their new forward finds the back of the net to level. Trusty nods a long ball into the box, and though Osula's initial header is saved brilliantly by Areola, the ball falls kindly for Brereton to rifle home and make it 1-1!,1
ard-Prowse goes in the book for bringing down Bogle in midfield after Cornet gave the ball away.,2
he first booking of the game goes to Hamer for a cynical pullback on Fornals, who was on the charge.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!! CORNET FIRES WEST HAM IN FRONT!!! It's been a hugely frustrating campaign for Cornet, and this will mean the world to him as he repays Moyes' faith with a goal on his first league start of the season. The ball sits up for Ings in the box, and while his initial shot is blocked, it deflects kindly to the back post for Cornet, who makes no mistake as he fires into the back of the net. 1-0 to the Hammers!,1
ule receives a late yellow card for a cynical foul on Pereira. It remains 1-1.,2
Davies receives a yellow card following his elbow on Margreitter.,2
Robert BauerNürnberg · Defender #8Nurnberg make their final change as Bauer is replaced by Ilicevic. Only a few minutes left to play.  ,0
Eduard LöwenNürnberg · Striker #17Nurnberg make their second change of the match as Lowen is replaced by Margreitter with less than 10 minutes left to play.,0
GOAL! Bayern are level! Coman cuts inside from the left-hand side and floats a cross towards the far post for Gnabry to attack. Bauer looks to get a slight touch on the delivery in seeking to get it clear but instead knocks it onto Gnabry before the ball loops over Mathenia and into the back of the net. 1-1.,1
James RodríguezBayern #11Bayern are forced into making their final change of the match as Davies replaces the injured James. There are less than 20 minutes left to play.     ,0
Mikael IshakNürnberg · Striker #9The hosts make their first substitution of the match as Tillman comes on to replace Ishak.    ,0
immich is cynically taken down by Ewerton on the edge of the hosts’ penalty area and the Nurnberg defender receives a yellow card. Bayern have another free-kick in a dangerous area. James will take it.,2
Javi MartínezBayern · Midfielder #8Bayern make their second change of the match as Martinez is replaced by James.  ,0
GOAL! Nurnberg lead! Kerk got away down the left and delivered a wonderful ball into the area which Lowen met and fired straight at Ulreich. The rebound fell to Pereira who cut inside onto his left foot and curled his effort into the bottom left corner from the edge of the box. 1-0.,1
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Bayern make one change at the break as Muller is replaced by Gnabry.,0
Gylfi SigurðssonEverton · Midfielder #10A conservative change for Everton sees Sigurdsson make way for Fabian Delph.,0
RicharlisonEverton · Striker #7Richarlison is given a well-earned rest as he is replaced by Joshua King.,0
Lingard takes his protests a little too far and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #9A positive change by Moyes, who introduces Andriy Yarmolenko in favour of Benrahma.,0
Soucek goes into the book for a rash challenge on Richarlison.,2
Aaron CresswellWest Ham · Defender #3Cresswell limps off for West Ham to be replaced by Ryan Fredericks.,0
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10Lanzini picks up a knock and is unable to continue in this game. Jarrod Bowen comes on in his place.,0
sst: B. GodfreyCALVERT-LEWIN!!! 1-0 EVERTON! The Toffees lead on the road again! It's goal number 16 of the season for Calvert-Lewin, who races onto Godfrey's terrific through ball, before holding his nerve under pressure from Dawson and slotting past Fabianski.,1
After a delay, the referee finally produces a yellow card for Villa substitute Zaniolo.,2
Asst: M. DiabyVILLA SNATCH IT! Heartbreak for Luton! Villa finally gain some sustained possession in opposition territory, and their substitutes bail them out! Diaby delivers a cross from the right for fellow Frenchman Digne, who nods past Kaminski at the back post! How cruel for the Hatters, who have fought back so valiantly since half-time: it's 3-2 to Villa!,1
Tahith ChongLuton Town · Midfielder #14Having netted Luton's first goal, Chong is now forced off by injury; long-serving Mpanzu replaces him.,0
Morgan RogersAston Villa · Striker #27A first-half substitute due to Ramsey's injury, Rogers is now replaced himself: Iroegbunam comes on.,0
Àlex MorenoAston Villa · Defender #15Maybe a little later than required, Emery makes some changes. The first of four substitutions sees Moreno replaced by Digne at left-back.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Finally, Bailey is withdrawn and Diaby will replace him.,0
sst: A. DoughtyLUTON LEVEL!!! It's 2-2 at Kenilworth Road! What a comeback from the Hatters! A typically precise delivery from Doughty's right-wing free-kick finds Morris, who then slots the ball into the bottom corner, sending the Luton fans wild with delight! That sets up a grandstand finale now!,1
Asst: R. BurkeLUTON PULL ONE BACK! Doughty's inswinging corner is almost met by Morris at the back post, but Burke instead deflects the ball towards Chong. The latter does not hesitate to fire in from close range, and that reduces the Hatters' deficit: it's just 2-1 to Aston Villa with more than 20 minutes remaining!,1
Andros TownsendLuton Town · Midfielder #30Having made his debut in midweek, Hashioka now comes on to replace Townsend. That could see Doughty shift forward, reverting to the wing-back position.,0
Kabore causes Villa more problems out wide, as Rogers is forced into a clumsy challenge that sees him shown a yellow card.,2
Butler brings down Ogbene, in an intriguing battle between two speedy wingers - he's shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
or bringing down Clark with a minor shove, Douglas Luiz goes into the referee's notebook.,2
Asst: D. LuizWATKINS STRIKES AGAIN! Slipping clear of Luton's wide-open defence, Watkins latches on to a superb long pass by Douglas Luiz, takes one touch and then coolly slams the ball home via the right-hand post! It's a clinical finish, and the VAR ultimately decides that he was onside: it's 2-0 to Aston Villa before the break!,1
Burke fells Morgan and becomes the first player booked today.,2
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Following his earlier injury, Ramsey cannot continue. January signing Rogers comes on to replace him.,0
Asst: L. BaileyVILLA IN FRONT! Reaching 20 goals for the season, Watkins rises highest at the near post, meeting Bailey's curling corner with a powerful header angled into the top-right corner! Kaminski had no chance on this occasion, and Aston Villa take another first-half lead: 1-0!,1
Amari'i BellLuton Town · Defender #29Bell's injury sees Ogbene introduced earlier than expected. A wing-back by trade, the Republic of Ireland star's arrival may mean a shuffle of personnel.,0
Asst: P. GroßBRIGHTON HAVE FIVE! Rewarded for his brilliance today, Mitoma finally has a goal! The ball rolls into his path on the edge of the box, and a low drive is deflected past Crocombe by Waterfall's outstretched leg! It trickles into the bottom-left corner, and Brighton lead 5-0!,1
Gavan HolohanGrimsby Town · Midfielder #8Grimsby's fifth-round hero Holohan is now taken off, as Khouri comes on.,0
sst: A. WebsterBRILLIANT GOAL! Brighton put the cap on a superb display, as a long passing sequence ends with March diving to head the ball past Crocombe and into the bottom-left corner of the net! They were shifting it around with purpose, before Mitoma passed to Webster, whose cross was well met by March: 4-0!,1
Lewis DunkBrighton · Defender #5Van Hecke also comes on for a brief cameo, with Dunk making way.,0
Alexis Mac AllisterBrighton · Midfielder #10Making his debut, Ayari replaces Mac Allister for the final few minutes.,0
Evan FergusonBrighton · Striker #28There's to be no hat-trick for Ferguson, as Welbeck will replace him up front for the final stages.,0
Deniz UndavBrighton · Midfielder #21Brighton now give Sarmiento a run-out, with Undav making way.,0
Harry CliftonGrimsby Town · Midfielder #15Hurst rings the changes now, as Clifton is withdrawn for Morris to come on.,0
Otis KhanGrimsby Town · Midfielder #11Khan also comes off; Taylor will replace him.,0
Asst: D. UndavFERGUSON STRIKES AGAIN! Soon after having a second goal wiped out for offside, Ferguson bags his brace! The young striker scores his third FA Cup goal in two games, receiving the ball from Undav and finishing into the bottom-left corner! It's 3-0 to Brighton!,1
Asst: A. Mac AllisterBRIGHTON GO TWO UP! A wonderful combination of instinct and technique allows Ferguson to control an awkward ball from Mac Allister into the box, before turning sharply and poking the ball into the bottom-right corner with a clinical finish! It's a superb strike from the Irishman, and Brighton lead 2-0!,1
Pervis EstupiñánBrighton · Defender #30Brighton also decide to make a half-time switch: Estupinan is withdrawn and Colwill will replace him.,0
Danilo OrsiGrimsby Town · Striker #20After barely touching the ball during the first half, Orsi is replaced; Hunt comes on.,0
Kieran GreenGrimsby Town · Midfielder #4Green also makes way; McAtee is on in his place.,0
BRIGHTON LEAD! Pouncing from close range on the right side of the box, Undav puts the home side in front after Caicedo's 20-yard shot is spilled by Crocombe! The goalkeeper pushes the ball into a dangerous area, and the Brighton forward is first to react! It's 1-0 to the Seagulls!,1
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez's blocked shot is his last act of the game. Dzeko takes his place up front.,0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Gagliardini heads off too. Sensi gets to come on for the last few minutes of this match.,0
Petar StojanovićEmpoli · Defender #30Empoli substitution. Fiamozzi gets a late runout. Stojanovic makes way.,0
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Inter make a change at the back. De Vrij goes off. Kolarov comes on.,0
agliardini is booked for his intentional handball. He has no complaints.,2
Alexis SánchezInter · Striker #7Inter make two changes. Sanchez gets an early rest after a good game. The Lazio loanee Correa takes his place up front.,0
Szymon ŻurkowskiEmpoli · Midfielder #27Zurkowski is the last Empoli player to be replaced. Asllani is his replacement.,0
Filippo BandinelliEmpoli · Midfielder #25Bandinelli is next to go off. The Scotsman Henderson replaces him.,0
Patrick CutroneEmpoli · Striker #9Empoli make a few changes, surely knowing that the jig is up. Mancuso replaces the ineffectual Cutrone first.,0
Asst: L. MartínezGOAL! EMPOLI 0-2 INTER! It's been coming, and that, you have to say, is that. Martinez beats his man down the right-hand channel to centre the ball. Dimarco arrives at the far post to finish from close range.,1
Brozovic lands his name in the book for tripping Bandinelli on a foray forward. The Empoli man goes down inside the box but the contact was just outside it so it's only a free-kick. Brozovic is a lucky man.,2
Nedim BajramiEmpoli · Midfielder #10Empoli make a substitution. The Swiss midfielder Haas replaces Bajrami. ,0
RED CARD FOR RICCI! Inter see the corner out and immediately burst forward. Ricci slides in high on Bastoni and leaves the defender crumpled in a heap. The referee shows no hesitation in dismissing him as Martinez expresses his condolences.,3
Asst: A. SánchezGOAL! EMPOLI 0-1 INTER! Sanchez is impeded once more by Luperto. Inter keep the pressure on from the free-kick and the Chilean finds D'Ambrosio who's in the centre of the box to head in!,1
The Empoli fans are in fine voice at Stadio Carlo Castellani. They share their disapproval as Luperto is booked for tugging Sanchez when the Chilean beats him for pace.,2
e Vrij receives the game's first yellow card for handling the ball. Empoli will get the chance to test Inter from another free-kick.,2
liding in to contest a loose ball in midfield, Kouyate loses his footing and upends McGinn; earning himself a yellow card.,2
Asst: M. GuehiPALACE PULL LEVEL! Gallagher drifts a free-kick in from the left, towards the penalty spot, and though it is initially headed clear, Palace recycle the ball. Andersen crosses for centre-back partner Guehi to nod the ball down, and Schlupp is then on hand to strike from close range. The Eagles have drawn it back to 1-1!,1
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Vieira also throws on Schlupp; Eze comes off.,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Palace go for a double substitution, in an attempt to salvage this game. First, captain Milivojevic makes way for ex-Villa striker Benteke.,0
Only on the field for a matter of moments, Edouard is booked for a cynical trip on Buendia in midfield.,2
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Meanwhile, Palace make a change of their own up top, as Mateta makes way for his fellow Frenchman, Edouard.,0
Danny IngsAston Villa · Striker #20After the goal, Villa immediately respond by taking off a striker: Ings is replaced by Buendia.,0
Asst: L. DigneVILLA LEAD! Against the run of play, Watkins shows great strength to put the home side ahead - holding off Guehi's strong challenge to divert the ball past Butland, following Digne's deep cross from the left. With 20 minutes remaining, it's Villa 1-0 Palace!,1
Marvelous NakambaAston Villa · Midfielder #19Gerrard has opted for a midfield change, and Nakamba makes way for local lad Ramsey, who completes his return from injury.,0
Ezri KonsaAston Villa · Defender #4Due to an unfortunate injury picked up in the opening seconds of the half, Konsa makes way for Chambers.,0
After a lunging tackle on McGinn in midfield, Gallagher becomes the second player booked today. He will have to exercise some caution for the remainder of the game.,2
 reckless challenge on Gallagher sees Villa captain Mings go into the referee's notebook - he receives the game's first yellow card.,2
A tired and hopelessly mistimed tackle by De Roon on De Ketelaere earns the former a yellow card.,2
Joakim MæhleAtalanta · Midfielder #3A late change on the left flank sees Maehle make way for Zortea.,0
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Milan captain Calabria takes his leave, to be replaced by Florenzi at right-back; Hernandez is passed the armband.,0
Berat DjimsitiAtalanta · Defender #19Having taken a knock in attempting to prevent Origi's shot, Djimsiti is forced to hobble off. Okoli comes on to replace him in the hosts' back three.,0
Following a scuffle involving several players, after his coming-together with Djimsiti, Hernandez is also yellow-carded.,2
After a crunching challenge with Hernandez, Djimsiti reacts angrily and is subsequently booked.,2
or hauling back the fresh-legged Lookman in midfield, Tonali is shown a merited yellow card.,2
Ruslan MalinovskyiAtalanta · Midfielder #18The third change of a triple substitution offers Lookman another chance to make an impact, after his goal last weekend; opening scorer Malinovskyi is withdrawn.,0
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Midfielder #88Gasperini also introduces young Scalvini, as Pasalic sees his shift brought to an early end.,0
Duván ZapataAtalanta · Striker #91With just one goal in his last 14 Serie A matches, Zapata cuts a disappointed figure as he makes way for his fellow Colombian, Muriel.,0
sst: A. SaelemaekersMILAN PULL LEVEL! Bennacer brings his side back to parity with a screamer! After Musso races out of his area to nod the ball out for a throw-in under pressure, he then has to scramble back to make a save from Bennacer's initial shot. From the resulting corner, the Algerian steps inside to curl an unstoppable shot into the top-left corner from 20 yards! It's 1-1!,1
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Leao is the latest man to be withdrawn for Milan; Origi is his replacement.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Pioli also switches things up on the right flank: Messias makes way for Saelemaekers.,0
Ante RebićMilan · Striker #12Rebic has been unable to replicate last week's feats, so Giroud is introduced in his place up front.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Pioli has finally seen enough and opts for a double substitution. First, the ineffective Diaz makes way for big-money buy De Ketelaere.,0
Leaving Leao howling in pain, an awful studs-first challenge from Hateboer results in a yellow card for the Atalanta wing-back.,2
A late challenge with studs showing earns Rebic a yellow card, as the striker's frustration gets the better of him.,2
Asst: J. MaehleATALANTA LEAD! Malinovskyi strikes! With typical aplomb, the Ukrainian midfielder sweeps home a powerful left-footed effort from the edge of the box, and Atalanta go 1-0 up against their local rivals! He received the ball from Maehle and made absolutely no mistake - Maignan was left floundering!,1
or a crude block on the fast-escaping Leao, Toloi receives today's first booking. It looks like he left his shoulder in there!,2
Hause is shown a yellow card for pulling back Carroll deep inside the Villa half.,2
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Newcastle's fifth and final switch sees Lazaro enter the fray in place of Almiron.,0
Isaac HaydenNewcastle · Midfielder #14Newcastle are making further changes as Bentaleb is brought on to replace Hayden.,0
Asst: C. HourihaneGOOOAL! El Mohamady makes it 1-1! It's another substitute on the score sheet as El Mohamady meets Hourihane's cross at the front post before directing his header under Dubravka's gloves and into the bottom right-hand corner.,1
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7The fourth Villa switch sees McGinn replaced by Nakamba.,0
Ezri KonsaAston Villa · Defender #15Villa make a third change as Konsa is replaced by El Mohamady.,0
Fernandez is shown a yellow card for a late challenge on Davis near the left channel.,2
TrézéguetAston Villa · Striker #17Villa are making a double substitution with the first change seeing Trezeguet replaced by Davis.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Striker #21Hourihane enters the fray in place of El Ghazi in Villa's second switch.,0
Asst: A. CarrollGOOOAL! Gayle makes it 1-0 to Newcastle! Carroll holds the ball up near the right flank before squaring an excellent pass towards Gayle inside the box, and the striker holds off the challenge of Konsa before finding the bottom right-hand corner. What an impact.,1
Matt RitchieNewcastle · Midfielder #11Ritchie's injury problem means he is unable to continue for Newcastle and Gayle will come on in his place.,0
JoelintonNewcastle · Striker #9Newcastle make their first change of the match as Joelinton is replaced by Carroll.,0
ascelles receives a booking after bringing down Grealish in the Newcastle half.,2
ouglas Luiz is shown the first yellow card of the match following an off-the-ball incident with Lascelles.,2
The yellow card is out again, this time for Guimaraes. He didn't get a free-kick that he wanted and then clipped Lewis-Potter late in his annoyance.,2
ilson's frustration about the decision was also on show as he pushed Onyeka away to stop him from taking the throw-in before shouting at the referee. He's booked for his double act of dissent.,2
Gordon was convinced he should've had a throw-in and reacted angrily when the referee gave it Brentford's way. He's booked for dissent.,2
Collins attempts to drag Wilson back, and when that doesn't work, he stretches across him to block the run. He's complaining, but it won't stop the referee from showing him a yellow card.,2
Harvey BarnesNewcastle · Striker #15Newcastle are also using the opportunity to make their first swap. Barnes is taken off, with Almiron on for him.,0
Aaron HickeyBrentford · Defender #2Brentford are making their final change following that VAR decision. Hickey is the one going off, with Lewis-Potter on in his place.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Janelt is also taken off, with Schade on for him.,0
Ben MeeBrentford · Defender #16Brentford are going to make a triple change as they try to get back into this game. They're taking no chances with Mee as he's replaced by Maupay.,0
lekken is still complaining about the penalty being awarded against him, and the referee has had enough as he books him for dissent.,2
enalty GoalWILSON SCORES! There's no saving that one! Despite being made to wait, it's a confident penalty from the forward as he sends a powerful strike high into the top-right corner. Flekken dived the right way, but no keeper is reaching that. 1-0 Newcastle!,1
 dangerous ball is whipped in from the right for Brentford and after Wissa misses it, Hickey catches Pope with a late foul. He's booked for it.,2
arnes is driving through the middle when Norgaard slides in with a heavy challenge to bring him down from behind. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2
Rico HenryBrentford · Defender #3Henry will be going straight down the tunnel with the medical team, and Roerslev is brought on in his place.,0
Wissa catches Schar on the mouth with his elbow in an aerial challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Jerdy SchoutenBologna · Midfielder #30The final switch of Bologna's triple change sees Schouten coming off for ex-Inter man Medel.,0
Riccardo OrsoliniBologna · Midfielder #7Aebischer comes on for potential match-winner Orsolini, who receives warm applause from the home fans upon his departure.,0
Musa BarrowBologna · Striker #99Barrow's race is run, as teenager Raimondo gets a chance to impress in the first-team.,0
 sliding challenge on Bastoni brings down his opponent and results in a booking for Dominguez.,2
Roberto SorianoBologna · Midfielder #21Having struck the goalframe and also put in a good shift on the left, Soriano makes way for Kyriakopoulos.,0
Lewis FergusonBologna · Midfielder #19Ferguson is replaced, as Moro is offered a brief run-out.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Inzaghi opts for a further change, as Carboni comes on for Brozovic.,0
sst: J. SchoutenBOLOGNA LEAD! Orsolini does it again! The in-form winger strides through a gaping hole in Inter's defence, latching onto Schouten's sweeping ball from deep to power past Onana from the edge of the area. His clinical strike puts Bologna 1-0 ahead, and victory is in sight!,1
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries, who was booked not long ago, makes way for D'Ambrosio. That could see Darmian shift across to the right flank.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #90Lukaku's fruitless shift up front is drawn to an early close, as Dzeko comes on to replace him.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Barella is required to lace up his boots and interrupt a rare rest: he comes on for Mkhitaryan.,0
 clumsy challenge by Dumfries on Soriano results in a yellow card for the Dutchman.,2
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Having been booked during the first half, De Vrij is withdrawn by Inzaghi, as Acerbi comes into Inter's back three.,0
or a crude block on Ferguson just outside the Inter area, De Vrij receives the game's first booking; also conceding a dangerous free-kick.,2
After a sloppy challenge on Mendy, Edgar is shown a card. It is hard to keep up with the number of yellow cards we have seen in the last ten minutes.,2
enzema is the latest player to time his tackle badly. The referee shows no sympathy, and he is booked as a result.,2
A late challenge from Mendy means he is shown a yellow card and Alaves now have a free-kick on the edge of the Madrid box.,2
Sainz tries to plead his innocence, but he goes into the book with five minutes to go.,2
 poor tackle from Laguardia sees him shown a yellow card with around 10 minutes remaining.,2
JoseluAlavés · Striker #9Joselu's goal is not enough for him to keep his place on the pitch and he is replaced by Deyverson.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11Asensio also makes way, with Isco getting just over 10 minutes to impress.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10After another solid night in the middle of the park, Modric earns his early bath, with Odriozola coming on.,0
Tomás PinaAlavés · Midfielder #8Pina makes way in midfield, with Riera on in his place.,0
sst: L. ModrićGOAAALLLL - ALAVES 1-4 REAL MADRID - Benzema delivers the goods once again for Zidane's men, and that should be the three points in the bag for Madrid. He managed to stay onside after hugging the touchline, with Modric the man to spot him. A quick throughball later and Benzema did the rest thanks to a powerful run and neat finish. ,1
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Striker #7Despite his first-half goal, Hazard is subbed off and replaced by Vinicius.,0
sst: L. PérezGOAAAALLL!!! ALAVEZ 1-3 REAL MADRID - Militao concedes the free-kick and is then beaten in the air by Joselu and Alaves have a goal back. His header from Perez's cross was placed perfectly, leaving Courtois no chance in the Madrid goal. Game on!,1
ilitao seems to have decided that Perez deserves to be kicked for that foul on him earlier. The Madrid defender takes him out after the ball is played and he deserves a yellow card for that all day long.,2
Sanchez has not been on the pitch for more than five minutes and he is already in the book. He needs to be careful now!,2
Luis RiojaAlavés · Midfielder #11Rioja succumbs to the shoulder injury he picked up in the first half, and Martinez enters the fray.,0
Ximo NavarroAlavés · Defender #23One other change for Alaves at half-time as Navarro, who had been carded, is replaced by Sainz.,0
Rodrigo BattagliaAlavés · Midfielder #6Battaglia also makes way at the break, with Sanchez his replacement.,0
sst: T. KroosHAZARRDDDDDD! ALAVES 0-3 REAL MADRID - Alaves are punished after they tried to play the offside trap and it goes horribly wrong. The defence moved forward in different stages, and that allowed Hazard to race onto Kroos' pass. Once he had brought the ball under control, he looked up and fired past Pacheco who was helpless in the Alaves goal.,1
sst: E. HazardWHAT A GOAL!!!! ALAVES 0-2 REAL MADRID - Benzema fires Madrid into a two-nil lead, and no goalkeeper is going to stop that shot! He received the ball after a backheel from Hazard. Alaves' defence were slow to apply pressure, and Benzema punishes them with a powerful shot into the top corner.,1
Asst: T. KroosGOAAAAALLL!!!!! ALAVES 0-1 REAL MADRID - The pressure proves too much for Alaves, and they fall behind after Casemiro's header finds the bottom corner. The midfielder wrestled free from his marker from a corner and Pacheco had no chance of stopping that!,1
Navarro is handed a yellow card after a late challenge on Mendy, and he concedes a free-kick right on the goal line.,2
Messi is sent off! It's a dismal end to the Supercopa for Messi who lashes out and strikes Villalibre off the ball and - after a check with VAR - he's shown a red card.,3
Alba is booked after crashing into Dani Garcia on the halfway line.,2
Villalibre is booked for a late challenge on Puig, presenting Barcelona with a crossing opportunity.,2
Clément LengletBarcelona · Defender #15Barcelona are going for it; the defender Lenglet, is replaced by an attacker in Trincao.,0
Iñaki WilliamsAthletic Club · Striker #9Williams is replaced by Morcillo as Athletic look to secure their grasp on the Supercopa.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Barcelona respond by replacing Busquets with Puig in midfield.,0
Iñigo MartínezAthletic Club · Defender #4Athletic immediately replace Martinez with Nunez in defence.,0
sst: I. MuniainSTUNNING FROM WILLIAMS! 3-2 ATHLETIC BILBAO! What a way to put your side ahead in extra time! Williams receives a pass on the edge of the area and proceeds to jag inside Mingueza before bending a swerving effort across Ter Stegen and into the top corner!,1
Asst: I. MuniainVILLALIBRE EQUALISES! 2-2! Athletic drag themselves level in the final moments as Villalibre latches onto Muniain's free-kick by stabbing the delivery into the roof of the net from close range!,1
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #11Barcelona slow the game down with a double change themselves. first, Dembele makes way for Braithwaite.,0
Mikel BalenziagaAthletic Club · Defender #24Balenziaga departs with Lekue taking his place.,0
Raúl GarcíaAthletic Club · Striker #22Athletic make another double switch; Raul Garcia is replaced by Villalibre up top.,0
Unai VencedorAthletic Club · Midfielder #27Vencedor is replaced by Vesga in midfield.,0
Ander CapaAthletic Club · Defender #21Athletic respond to going behind with a double substitution: first up - Capa makes way for Berenguer.,0
sst: J. AlbaGRIEZMANN AGAIN! 2-1! Brilliant move from Barcelona; Dembele and Alba play a sharp one-two, allowing the latter to race towards the byline before drilling in a low cross that Griezmann steers in from close range!,1
Dani Garcia is booked after catching De Jong with a lunging slide tackle from behind.,2
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2Dest is replaced by Mingueza at half time.,0
Asst: I. WilliamsDE MARCOS! ATHLETIC EQUALISE IMMEDIATELY! 1-1! Williams scoops a deft, curling pass over Alba and into the path of De Marcos, who races onto the throughball to stab a smart finish beyond Ter Stegen!,1
RIEZMANN! 1-0! Messi unlocks the Bilbao defence with an incisive throughball into Alba and the defender cuts it back to Messi, whose shot from 12 yards is deflected into the path of Griezmann who drills it into the bottom corner!,1
Lenglet is booked for a cynical trip that prevented Williams from latching onto Muniain's throughball.,2
t's a cynical foul from Skipp who is booked for bringing down Tonali.,2
Thiaw also receives a yellow card for the challenge on Hojbjerg.,2
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Milan make another change as Leao is replaced by Rebic.,0
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Sanchez comes on after Romero's red card with Kulusevski sacrificed.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud also comes off with Origi on to replace the French forward.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Milan make a double change. First off is Diaz who makes way for the more defensively-minded Bennacer.,0
RED CARD! Spurs are down to ten men as Romero receives a second yellow card. The ball is there to be contested between Hernandez and Romero but the Argentine centre-back recklessly flies into the challenge again and it's an obvious second yellow.,3
Emerson RoyalTottenham · Midfielder #12A second change for Spurs sees Emerson head off and Richarlison brought on in an attacking move.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Messias does come off with Saelemaekers replacing him.,0
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Conte turns to his bench and it is Perisic who makes way for Porro.,0
A second Spurs centre-back receives a yellow card and this time it is Lenglet after he catches Giroud with an elbow following an aerial challenge.,2
It's a rash, sliding challenge from Romero on Leao and the centre-back is the first person into the referee's book.,2
Booked for a clear foul on Maddison inside his own half, Mac Allister will now be suspended for Brighton's next league match.,2
Asst: P. EstupiñánBRIGHTON DRAW LEVEL AGAIN! Ferguson hauls his side back into the game: it's 2-2 at the King Power, and the Irish teenager has done it again! He connects with a pinpoint Estupinan cross from the left with a glancing header, which finds the bottom-right corner via the post!,1
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9Vardy receives a rousing reception from the Leicester fans, as he makes way for the fresh legs of Daka up front.,0
Jan Paul van HeckeBrighton · Defender #29Van Hecke's first Premier League start ends with the Dutchman making way for the more attacking option of Lamptey, as Brighton chase an equaliser.,0
Kiernan Dewsbury-HallLeicester City · Striker #22Dewsbury-Hall is the player to make way for Maddison, whose return from a knee injury is greeted with a huge roar by the home fans.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18De Zerbi decides to make a change up front in response to going behind, as Welbeck's quiet shift comes to an early close; in-form Ferguson is thrown on.,0
EICESTER GO AHEAD! Against the run of play, the Foxes snap back! Following a corner from the right, Thomas wins a header at the near post to flick the ball on for his team-mate, and Barnes reacts sharply to steer the ball past Sanchez from just a few yards out!,1
LEICESTER LEVEL! After Dewsbury-Hall slips through a delightful ball for Barnes down the left, a couple of deflections bring the ball to Tielemans near the penalty spot. His shot is blocked at close range, but Albrighton reacts first to drive the ball into an empty net at the back post! It's 1-1, and the first-half substitute has scored!,1
Dennis PraetLeicester City · Midfielder #26Praet falls victim to another injury and limps off disconsolately; Albrighton replaces him on Leicester's right flank.,0
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Following the celebrations for their opening goal, Brighton suffer a blow, as Lallana cannot continue. Veltman will be his replacement.,0
Asst: P. EstupiñánBRIGHTON LEAD! The Seagulls soar in front at the King Power! Picking up a pass from Estupinan on the left, Mitoma drops his shoulder and shrugs off Castagne's challenge, before unleashing a beautiful curling shot into the top-right corner! It's 1-0 to the visitors!,1
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Midfielder #88Atalanta make their final substitution as Pasalic is replaced by Tameze. ,0
Papu GómezAtalanta · Striker #10Gomez makes way after a lively performance for Malinovskiy.,0
Hateboer is booked for tugging Cheryshev's shirt as the attacker tried to break forward on the halfway line.  ,2
Mattia CaldaraAtalanta · Defender #3Caldara is replaced by Zapata as Atalanta boldly switch to a more attacking shape in the hope of killing off the tie. ,0
Maximiliano Gómez GonzálezValencia · Striker #22Maxi Gomez departs with Gameiro replacing him up top. ,0
CHERYSHEV IMMEDIATELY PULLS ONE BACK! 4-1! Palomino makes a costly error as he hits a wayward pass across the backline towards Hateboer, allowing Cheryshev to nip in and take full advantage by drilling a powerful, low effort into the bottom corner from 20 yards!,1
Gonçalo GuedesValencia · Striker #7Guedes is replaced by Cheryshev as Valencia search for anything to get back into this tie. ,0
Asst: M. PašalićHATEBOER STRIKES AGAIN! 4-0! Valencia are being carved apart right now and Atalanta get a fourth as Pasalic slips a clever pass beyond the offside Ilicic and into the path of Hateboer who holds off Diakhaby before racing into the area and squeezing a weak shot in at the near post beyond a helpless Domenech! ,1
BRILLIANT STRIKE FROM FREULER! 3-0 ATALANTA! The hosts have been pressing the Valencia backline furiously and it pays off as Gomez robs Parejo before Freuler takes over and whips a curling shot from 25 yards that bends delightfully beyond Domenech and into the top corner by the far post!,1
Asst: M. PašalićIlicic makes it two! 2-0! Well, Valencia failed to make their pressure count in the last 10 minutes and Atalanta punish them! Pasalic innocuously squares a pass to Ilicic on the edge of the area, where the attacker craftily shimmies past a challenge before lashing a brilliant shot across goal and into the top left corner from 20 yards!,1
Asst: Papu GómezATALANTA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Gomez advances menacingly towards the edge of the area as the Valencia defence fearfully back off and he capitalises by stroking a devious delivery across the face of goal and towards the back post where Hateboer crashes it into an empty net!,1
Asst: P. FodenGOALLLLLL! 4-0 CITY! Alvarez caps a remarkable performance from the hosts as Guardiola’s side make it 5-1 on aggregate. Foden releases the World Cup winner with a perfectly weighted pass and Alvarez does the rest as he slides a finish into the bottom-left corner.,1
A needless Grealish foul on Vazquez sees the England international cautioned.,2
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9In an incredibly rare occurrence, Haaland comes off without scoring. The Norway striker certainly had his chances in this game as World Cup winner Alvarez runs on to replace him.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17De Bruyne leaves the field as his chant rings around Etihad Stadium amid a standing ovation. As if Madrid’s outing could get worse, silky winger Foden is the man to come on.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Carvajal's battle with Grealish ends in defeat as the right-back makes way for Vazquez.,0
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Defender #12Tchouameni replaces Camavinga as Madrid swap one Frenchman for another.,0
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Gundogan gets a well-deserved rest as he makes way for winger Mahrez. Ancelotti looks set to make a plethora of changes as well.,0
Asst: K. De BruyneGOOOAALLLLL! 3-0 CITY! Guardiola’s men are on their way to Istanbul as they go 4-1 up on aggregate. De Bruyne clips a delightful free-kick towards the area, where Akanji looks to flick a header on. The Swiss international might not get a touch but that doesn’t matter as Militao deflects into his own net. The VAR has a quick check for offside before deciding the goal can stand!,1
Grealish draws another foul with a driving run from the left flank. Camavinga lunged in from behind and referee Marciniak promptly brandishes another yellow card.,2
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8After experienced midfielder Modric made way, fellow veteran Kroos is the next to come off. Forward Asensio is on.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Strangely, five-time Champions League winner Modric comes off for centre-back Rudiger. A bizarre change from Ancelotti with Madrid chasing the game.,0
undogan joins team-mate Dias in the book after a sliding challenge hauls Vinicius down inside City’s half.,2
eferee Marciniak has no option but to show Carvajal a yellow card after the Madrid right-back hauls down Grealish on the left flank.,2
enzema rolls through for Vinicius, who lets the ball go past him as he looks to break through the middle. Dias hacks down the Madrid winger and becomes the first name in the referee’s book.,2
GOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 2-0 CITY! It’s Silva again as Guardiola’s men go 3-1 up on aggregate. Grealish slips in Gundogan, who sees a low left-footed prod denied by Militao. The deflection loops up fortuitously into the path of Silva, who delicately heads over Alaba on the line and into the top-right corner!,1
Asst: K. De BruyneGOALLLLLLLLL! 1-0 CITY! Silva puts Guardiola’s men 2-1 up on aggregate with a brilliant finish. Walker and Stones work it patiently on the right-hand side before De Bruyne rolls in Silva. The Portugal international takes a touch before smashing a left-footed effort past the helpless Courtois.,1
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20Moyes looks to do some damage control as he replaces right-winger Bowen with a right-back in Fredericks for the remainder of the game.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Striker #10Pulisic is withdrawn for the closing stages of the game, with Havertz coming on out wide in his place.,0
OAL!!! IT'S 3-0 TO CHELSEA!!! Pulisic drives to the edge of the box and offloads to Mount on the left. The youngster crosses back into the middle for Pulisic, whose header is somehow kept out at point-blank range, but Abraham is in the right position to lash home from a tight angle! ,1
sst: T. WernerGOAL!! ABRAHAM MAKES IT 2-0!! Werner cuts in from the left and fires a low ball towards Abraham in the box. The West Ham defence all step up to catch him offside - all except Cresswell, who isn't in sync with his team-mates and plays the striker on, allowing him to poke the ball past Fabianski and in!,1
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #18Moyes responds by making his first alteration, bringing Fornals off for the pace and trickery of Benrahma on the left.,0
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Lampard makes his second change of the night as Jorginho is replaced by Kovacic in midfield. Perhaps the Chelsea boss is protecting his player after his earlier knock.,0
sst: M. MountGOAL!! CHELSEA TAKE THE LEAD!! Mount swings in a corner from the right and Thiago Silva makes a late run into the box, completely losing his marker and powering a free header in from six yards out! It's 1-0 to Chelsea!,1
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Defender #21That change is now made, with Emerson replacing the stricken Chilwell at left-back.,0
onsa's desperation gets the better of him as he gets into an argument in the centre-circle which sees him pick up a yellow card.,2
empers are flaring as Neto and Young come together in midfield to have words, with pushing and shoving ensuing. It's a yellow for the Wolves forward, who was unable to keep his calm.,2
Young fails to avoid detection as the referee walks over after showing Neto a card and brandishes the yellow for the Aston Villa full-back.,2
arcal is shown a yellow card for very obvious time-wasting in the late stages.,2
Fábio SilvaWolves · Striker #17Chiquinho comes on for Silva in a late Wolves switch.,0
Penalty GoalNO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 2-1! Watkins steps up confidently and rolls his penalty down the right, with the ball striking the inside base of the post before nestling in the back of the goal!,1
Francisco TrincãoWolves · Midfielder #11Neto returns from a minor foot injury to replace Trincao in the final quarter-hour of the match.,0
Philippe CoutinhoAston Villa · Midfielder #23Coutinho makes way for Buendia as Gerrard continues to search for a way to get his side back in the game.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Midfielder #10Hwang is chosen to replace Podence, who limps off slowly after picking up the earlier foot injury.,0
Jonny is shown a yellow card for pulling back Coutinho in midfield after the Brazil international had turned away from his marker.,2
 frustrated McGinn cuts across Podence and takes his legs out from underneath him - earning the Aston Villa player a yellow card.,2
Coady charges through the back of Ramsey and brings down the midfielder 30 yards from goal - giving Aston Villa a free-kick well within range for a shot on target and earning the Wolves captain a yellow card.,2
Lucas DigneAston Villa · Defender #27Confirmation of the enforced change just 13 minutes into the match as Young replaces the injured Digne.,0
A CLEAN STRIKE FROM THE WING-BACK MAKES IT 1-0! Poor defending from Aston Villa costs them, after a McGinn slip in midfield leads to a Wolves counter-attack. Moutinho comes forward and plays a chipped pass out to the left for Podence, which only arrives at the foot of the winger after a slip from Konsa. He drives inside and sees his shot blocked, as does Silva - but third time’s the charm as Jonny comes steaming into the penalty area to hammer a volley past Martinez!,1
Alessandro FlorenziPSG · Defender #24PSG make a substitution. Kehrer replaces Florenzi at right-back.,0
sst: J. DraxlerGOAL! BARCELONA 1-4 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Mbappe gets his hat-trick with a ruthless finish! Barca give the ball away on the edge of PSG's penalty area and PSG punish them. It's three versus two at the back and Draxler draws in the Barca defenders before laying off to Mbappe who makes no mistake.,1
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18PSG also make a change as they look to shut the game down. Pereira, a defensive midfielder, is on for Kean.,0
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #7Barca substitution. Braithwaite replaces Griezmann who's had the odd chance here.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Meanwhile Barca make a flurry of changes. Pjanic is on for Busquets.,0
Gerard PiquéBarcelona · Defender #3Pique is the last Barca player to make way. Barca's 21-year-old youth product Puig is on for him.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Pedri goes off. He'll be replaced by the winger Trincao.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6PSG substitution. The excellent Verratti is replaced by Draxler. Verratti's just come back from a hip injury so Pochettino will be keen to protect him.,0
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2Barca make an instant substitution. Mingueza replaces Dest who's had a torrid time against Mbappe. Who wouldn't?,0
Asst: L. ParedesGOAL! BARCELONA 1-3 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Kimpembe wins a foul down the left after being clipped by Pedri. Paredes floats it in and Kean nods it down and in at the far post! Barca are crumbling before our eyes.,1
OAL! BARCELONA 1-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Florenzi races in behind Barca's high defensive line and latches onto Paredes' pass. The full-back rolls the ball across goal from a tight angle; it's blocked but rolls to Mbappe who blasts it home.,1
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27Pochettino wisely withdraws Gueye from the action at half-time. Herrera will replace him in PSG's midfield for the second half.,0
sst: M. VerrattiGOAL! BARCELONA 1-1 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Mbappe equalises swiftly and grabs PSG an away goal! Dembele goes to sleep and Kurzawa darts in behind to cross in first time. Verratti flicks it to Mbappe who shows quick feet to lash it past ter Stegen at the near post.,1
Penalty GoalGOAL! BARCELONA 1-0 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Messi steps up and smashes the penalty kick past Navas into the top right corner. No goalkeeper was going to stop that.,1
Gueye earns himself the game's first yellow card for bringing down Pedri about 40 yards out.,2
Flavio PaolettiSampdoria · Midfielder #36Paoletti's the last Sampdoria man to head off. On comes Ilkhan.,0
Manolo GabbiadiniSampdoria · Midfielder #23Gabbiadini's the next Sampdoria player to make way. Ntanda-Lukisa is his replacement.,0
Tomás RincónSampdoria · Midfielder #8Sampdoria know this isn't their day. Rincon goes off. Segovia comes on.,0
Fabio QuagliarellaSampdoria · Striker #27Quagliarella leaves the pitch at the end of what could be his last game for Sampdoria. Ivanovic replaces the 40-year-old.,0
Asst: G. RaspadoriGOAL! NAPOLI 2-0 SAMPDORIA! Napoli's final-day win is surely secure now! Simeone picks up a pass from Raspadori outside the box and spanks the ball into the top-right corner. It's a wonderful strike that Turk can do nothing about.,1
André-Frank Zambo AnguissaNapoli · Midfielder #99Anguissa walks off the pitch with help from the physios. Demme is his replacement.,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Osimhen leaves the pitch to a standing ovation from the Napoli fans. Simeone takes his place up front.,0
Elif ElmasNapoli · Striker #7Elmas' race is also run. On comes Raspadori for Napoli.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Napoli make their first substitution of the match. Gaetano replaces Zielinski.,0
enalty GoalGOAL! NAPOLI 1-0 SAMPDORIA! Osimhen makes no mistake from the penalty spot, slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner. Turk has no chance of reaching it.,1
Murru's booked for his poor challenge on Osimhen. The defender protests, but it was a clumsy tackle to bring down the Nigerian.,2
Koray GünterSampdoria · Defender #4Sampdoria make a half-time substitution. Their 19-year-old attacking midfielder Malagrida replaces Gunter.,0
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29A change for Bournemouth – Surridge has replaced Billing.,0
Asst: C. WilsonGOOOOAALLLL!!! BOURNEMOUTH PULL ONE BACK! Some poor defending from City allows Callum Wilson to race in behind, with the striker outpacing Stones before laying it off to Brooks, who finishes calmly beyond Ederson. It’s 2-1!,1
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9Mahrez is also on for the hosts, in place of Jesus.,0
Benjamin MendyMan City · Defender #22Another glut of changes. First, Mendy has come off, with Zinchenko replacing City’s left-back.,0
Dan GoslingBournemouth · Midfielder #4Gosling, meanwhile, has made way for Lewis Cook.,0
Junior StanislasBournemouth · Midfielder #19Stanislas has been Bournemouth's biggest threat so far, but his race is now run. Brooks is on in his place.,0
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9Bournemouth have also took the chance to make some changes – three, in fact. First, Solanke has gone off, to be replaced by Wilson.,0
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Another change from City. Rodri is on, replacing Gundogan.,0
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2City have made two changes at the break, with Walker one of the players going off. He has been replaced by Garcia.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Sterling is also on, in place of Bernardo Silva.,0
sst: D. SilvaGOOOOAAALLL!! JESUS MAKES IT 2-0! Just as Bournemouth had been building up some momentum, they have been dealt another blow – Jesus cutting into the area from David Silva's pass, getting the better of his markers with some excellent footwork and drilling a low finish into the bottom-right corner.,1
GOOOOOAAALLLLL!!! CITY TAKE THE LEAD! In what is set to be his penultimate match at the Etihad, David Silva has just curled in a sublime free-kick from the edge of the area. The playmaker got his effort up and over the wall, and it clattered in off the underside of the crossbar.,1
Rodrigo picks up a ridiculous booking, kicking the ball away after a Villa free-kick was awarded. That will do Leeds' hopes of creating one last chance no good at all.,2
ash is now into the book for a firm challenge on James, which elicited a furious reaction from Bielsa and his coaching staff.,2
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Calum Chambers is summoned to replace two-goal hero Ramsey, as Villa look to hold what they have with ten men.,0
ED CARD KONSA! What is the Villa man doing? Meslier catches Digne's terrible corner, and the Villa defender blocks the Frenchman from releasing the ball for a Leeds counter. Konsa had already been booked, and is deservedly sent off.,3
Mateusz KlichLeeds United · Midfielder #43Leeds are introducing some fresh legs, with Klich being replaced by Forshaw in the Whites' midfield.,0
James is the first away man to go into the book for a late challenge.,2
Philippe CoutinhoAston Villa · Striker #23Villa's star man Coutinho is being replaced by Ashley Young. Is that a tactical change, or is the former Liverpool man suffering from the effects of that earlier knock?,0
onsa is the first man to be booked, bringing down James after mis-controlling a pass and losing his footing.,2
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLL! NOW LEEDS DO HAVE THEIR THIRD GOAL! Moments after Mings cleared off the line, the England man was forced to do so again from yet another Struijk header, but Llorente reacted quickest to lash the ball home from close range! 3-3!,1
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Striker #10Villa make the first substitution of the game, with Buendia hobbling off to be replaced by Chukwuemeka after the Argentinian picked up a knock.,0
LEEDS HAVE ONE BACK! What on earth is happening at Villa Park? James has joined Ramsey in netting a brace in the most bizarre of circumstances. Rodrigo's cross deflected up into the air, and the smallest man on the pitch has out-jumped Mings to head home from a yard out! What a game!,1
Asst: P. CoutinhoGOAAALLL! VILLA EXTEND THEIR LEAD AND IT'S RAMSEY AGAIN! Leeds have fallen to pieces at Villa Park, as the hosts break through Coutinho, who times his pass to perfection in order to release Ramsey, who hammers home his second of the evening!,1
Asst: P. CoutinhoGOOAAAAL! VILLA HAVE TURNED THIS GAME ON IT'S HEAD! The youngster Ramsey puts the Villans ahead, racing onto Coutinho's brilliant pass to fire past Meslier on his left foot. Great goal from the home team.,1
Asst: M. CashGOOAAAL! VILLA ARE LEVEL, AND IT'S COUTINHO WITH THE GOAL! The Brazilian collects a low cross from the right, before swivelling and firing an unstoppable low shot into the bottom corner! Villa are level after a thrilling start to the match.,1
Asst: RodrigoGOAAAL! LEEDS TAKE THE LEAD! It's James with the opening goal of the game! Leeds won the ball high up the pitch in a dangerous position, before Rodrigo fed the Welsh speedster, who fired low into the bottom corner. Great finish!,1
ow there’s a booking for Hakimi, whose foul will give Tatarusanu the chance to launch a long ball forward. However, the attack comes to nothing.,2
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! AND THERE IT IS! What a moment for Inter, and what a moment for Eriksen. If there was ever a player who needed that goal, it was him. The playmaker reminds everybody of his quality with a sublime free-kick, getting it up and over the wall and into the left-hand side of the net. It’s 2-1 Inter!,1
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77The break in play allows Conte to make a change, and it is Eriksen – the much-maligned playmaker who may yet move away from Inter this month – coming on for Brozovic.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56A second change in quick succession for Milan sees the ineffective Saelemaekers make way for Castillejo.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17It isn't Kessie who comes off, but instead Leao, with Krunic introduced.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLL!!! LUKAKU SCORES! The penalty had so much power behind it that it went high to the left-hand corner, with Tatarusanu lunging the wrong way. The ball hit the bar, but bounced in nevertheless. It’s 1-1!,1
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14That miss is Perisic’s last involvement. Martinez comes on in his place.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #21Pioli makes an immediate change. Rebic, capable of playing out wide or up front, will come on and fill in up top. Diaz is the player to make way.,0
IBRAHIMOVIC HAS BEEN SENT OFF! Well, out of nothing, Inter have been given a lifeline. Milan’s goalscorer and the difference-maker in this match so far has received his second booking, having gone in on Kolarov. It appeared very harsh, with Kolarov seemingly clipping his own heels, but it has fooled the referee and now it’s advantage Inter!,3
Milan steal back possession and look to get away on the break, with Leao driving the charge. Brozovic, though, halts the attack in its tracks, and gets a booking for his troubles.,2
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36A change at half-time for Inter, with first-choice right-back Hakimi on in place of Darmian.,0
There’s a real disagreement between Lukaku and Ibrahimovic, who went head-to-head – literally – as Milan prepared to defend a free-kick. The Rossoneri goalscorer has received a booking. ,2
Asst: S. MeïtéGOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! MILAN TAKE THE LEAD! Against the run of play, it’s the Rossoneri who hit the front. Diaz’s free-kick was poor, but Milan kept up the pressure – Meite heading it to Ibrahimovic, who takes a few touches to set himself before arrowing a low finish in off the left-hand upright.,1
Simon KjærMilan · Defender #24Here is the on-loan defender, who gets his first chance in Italy in what is undoubtedly one of the biggest games.,0
A first booking of the game goes to Kjaer, who dived in on Sanchez. The centre-back had to attempt a tackle, or the Inter forward would have been in on goal.,2
Asst: N. MolinaGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! 2-0!!! GAME OVER!! Atletico double their lead through Llorente in the first minute of added time and that should be that. Levante had thrown numbers forward and Correa could break with the ball. He found Molina who, in turn, slid through Llorente. The Spaniard kept his cool one-on-one and slotted his effort past Femenias and into the Levante net.,1
Pablo MartínezLevante · Midfielder #6Levante make another change as Martínez is swapped for Garcia.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Simeone makes another change this time in midfield. De Paul takes his time but eventually makes way and is replaced by Koke.,0
Joni MontielLevante · Midfielder #20Wesley also comes on up top for Levante with Montiel making way.,0
Mohamed BouldiniLevante · Striker #22Levante turn to their bench again. This time Soldado comes on up front to replace Bouldini.,0
Munoz believes he should have had a penalty for that challenge and is booked for his complaints to the referee.,2
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Atleti turn to their bench for the second time in this game and it is the goalscorer Morata who is coming off. Saul is on to replace him.,0
Jorge de FrutosLevante · Midfielder #18De Frutos also makes way on the other flank and Campana is on in his place.,0
Charly MusondaLevante · Midfielder #21Levante turn to their bench in response to that Atleti opener with a double change. First off is Musonda with Cantero on to replace him.,0
Asst: M. LlorenteGOOOOOAAAAL!!!!! ATLETICO LEAD!! 1-0! Atletico's much-improved start to the second half pays dividends immediately and it is Morata with the goal. Correa has been a bright spark since his introduction and he starts the play by beating a man and driving towards goal. He slides in Llorente down the right who fires a low cross into the box which evades every Levante defender but arrives at the feet of Morata who sweeps home to give his side the lead.,1
Pablo BarriosAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #34There is a subsitition at half-time with Rivas coming off for Correa.,0
Asst: R. VargasAUGSBURG SCORE AGAIN! Vargas drives past a flat-footed Muller on the left flank as if the Bayern man is not even there, then his deflected cut-back from the byline is slid into the net by a lunging Cardona! We've had eight goals at the Allianz Arena: 5-3 to Bayern!,1
Having thrown himself into a slightly high challenge on Pedersen on the touchline, Joao Cancelo is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Matthijs de LigtBayern · Defender #4Nagelsmann makes one more change, as Blind replaces De Ligt for the closing stages.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Midfielder #19Having just scored, Davies is now applauded from the field; Mazraoui comes on in the Canadian's place.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Gravenberch also gets a brief run-out, as Musiala makes way.,0
Arne MaierAugsburg · Midfielder #10In response to conceding a fifth goal, Augsburg make their fifth and final substitution: Maier is replaced by Mbuku.,0
Asst: J. CanceloBAYERN BAG A FIFTH! It's 5-2 to the champions, and that's surely game over! Joao Cancelo flips over a delightful cross from the inside-right position, and his fellow wing-back Davies meets it with an outstretched boot at the back post. The ball zips into the net, sealing three more points for the Bundesliga leaders!,1
Sadio ManéBayern · Midfielder #17Mane's first start for several months has gone fairly well for the Bayern striker, but he now makes way for young Tel.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Striker #7Nagelsmann makes his first two changes. Gnabry is withdrawn first of all, with Muller on as his replacement.,0
Penalty GoalA BRACE FOR BERISHA! Despite slipping on the penalty spot, Berisha manages to steer the ball into the bottom-right corner, leaving Sommer well beaten! Are Augsburg back in this game? It's now just 4-2 to Bayern!,1
lumsily bringing down Cardona in the box brings De Ligt a yellow card, in addition to conceding a penalty.,2
Arne EngelsAugsburg · Midfielder #27Engels is replaced by Rexhbecaj in midfield.,0
Dion Drena BeljoAugsburg · Midfielder #7Cardona comes on for Beljo up front.,0
Ermedin DemirovićAugsburg · Midfielder #9Finally, Demirovic is hauled off, with Vargas on in his place.,0
Robert GumnyAugsburg · Defender #2Augsburg have made four changes at half-time, in response to their collapse. First, Gumny makes way for Iago.,0
SANE STRIKES! Bayern have four before half-time! This time, Mane picks up the ball on the left of the area, and his heavily deflected low cross pops up into the air for Sane to nod home from only a few feet out! Augsburg are being pulled apart here, it's 4-1!,1
AVARD POACHES ANOTHER! Bayern extend their advantage! Capitalising on a period of pressure, the hosts earn a corner, which is taken from the right by Kimmich. His cross is headed down by De Ligt, then breaks for Pavard 10 yards out. The Frenchman coolly hitch-kicks the ball past a helpless Gikiewicz and into the bottom-left corner: 3-1!,1
sst: S. ManéBAYERN GO IN FRONT! All of a sudden it's 2-1 to Der Rekordmeister! Augsburg fail to clear Kimmich's free-kick from the right flank, and when Mane spectacularly flicks the ball back into the six-yard box, Pavard is on hand to force it into the net from close range!,1
or a foul on Cancelo, Pedersen not only concedes a free-kick but also receives the game's first booking.,2
Asst: L. SanéBAYERN PULL LEVEL! The champions didn't trail for long: an emphatic finish from Joao Cancelo, who turned his marker inside and out on the right side of the box before pulling the trigger, makes it 1-1! The wing-back received the ball from Sane initially, but it was a superb individual effort for his first Bundesliga goal!,1
AUGSBURG LEAD! They've done it again! Augsburg strike first against Bayern - and it's that man Berisha! Capping off some early pressure, the visitors benefit from a game of head-tennis on the edge of the Bayern box, as the ball drops to their striker, who turns his man neatly and slots the ball past Sommer into the bottom-right corner!,1
Guendouzi is shown a yellow card for that foul on Zaha despite the Palace players' protests that he'd stopped a clear goal-scoring opportunity.,2
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Palace's second change of the game sees Kouyate coming off to be replaced by McCarthy.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Hodgson makes his first change ahead of the game, choosing to bring on Benteke for a corner with Ayew making way.,0
Kieran TierneyArsenal · Defender #3Second change from Emery now and it's Tierney that's making way with Kolasnic coming on to replace him.,0
Granit XhakaArsenal · Midfielder #34Emery makes the first change of the game and it's Xhaka that makes way for Saka. The fans are cheering the manager's decision and the captain is not happy with that reaction.,0
sst: J. McArthurPALACE ARE LEVEL! Arsenal have looked shaky in defence in the second half and they're caught out again. It's a good cross into Ayew, who gets behind David Luiz and heads his effort past Leno and into the back of the net. 2-2!,1
Chambers picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Townsend with a late challenge.,2
enalty GoalMILIVOJEVIC SCORES! He calmly steps up to the spot and fires his shot into the right side of the net to beat Leno and halve Arsenal's lead. 2-1!,1
THEY HAVE ANOTHER ONE! It's another corner into the box for Arsenal and Palace just can't cope with it. David Luiz is unmarked at the far post and he gets there just ahead of Sokratis to score. 2-0 Arsenal!,1
sst: G. XhakaARSENAL LEAD! It's poor defending by Palace as they just don't clear their lines from a corner and Xhaka works it to Sokratis. He takes a touch before firing his shot past Van Aanholt on the line and into the back of the net. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
Florian WirtzLeverkusen · Midfielder #27Wirtz also heads off. The Greek defender Retsos takes his place for Leverkusen.,0
Patrik SchickLeverkusen · Striker #14Leverkusen make a change. The Argentine striker Alario replaces Schick who'll be glad to have scored.,0
Niklas SüleBayern · Defender #4Sule is the latest Bayern player to get an early rest. The former England Under-21 international Richards comes on.,0
Robert LewandowskiBayern · Striker #9Lewandowski is last to head off for now. He'll have to settle for just the two goals. Musiala takes his place.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Bayern also decide to rest a few more players. Coman replaces Muller.,0
Moussa DiabyLeverkusen · Midfielder #19Diaby also makes way. Adli is his replacement for Leverkusen.,0
Jeremie FrimpongLeverkusen · Defender #30Leverkusen make a few more changes. Bellarabi first replaces Frimpong, who's had a tough game.,0
Asst: F. WirtzGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 1-5 BAYERN MUNICH! Schick cuts the deficit slightly for Leverkusen, latching onto Wirtz's throughball and arrowing the ball past Neuer and in off the far left post. It's not much for the hosts but it's something.,1
PaulinhoLeverkusen · Midfielder #7Seoane hauls Paulinho off at half-time as Leverkusen focus on damage limitation. The Burkinabe centre-back Tapsoba comes on.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Bayern make a substitution at half-time. Sabitzer replaces Goretzka in midfield.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Here's that Bayern change. Davies touches the ground before heading off. Stanisic takes the Canadian's place at full-back.,0
sst: L. GoretzkaGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-5 BAYERN MUNICH! Leverkusen look shellshocked. Gnabry scores again, slotting into the bottom left corner with his left foot after receiving a nice pass from Goretzka.,1
sst: T. MüllerGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-4 BAYERN MUNICH! This is getting embarrassing for Leverkusen. The hosts pass backwards from kick-off and Frimpong gives the ball away. Muller crosses from the left and Gnabry cuts across Hradecky to dink the ball into the net.,1
Asst: N. SüleGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-3 BAYERN MUNICH! This may well be over as a contest. Bayern get a corner which Leverkusen don't entirely clear. Sule goes for goal from the left of the box. Muller tries to get out of the way but ends up guiding the shot in via his thigh instead. When your luck's in, your luck's in.,1
sst: A. DaviesGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-2 BAYERN MUNICH! Lewandowski grabs his second goal of the game as Bayern race upfield quickly. Sane leaves the ball in the box for Davies and Lewandowski takes charge of the situation, lashing into the net from the centre of the box.,1
sst: D. UpamecanoGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Bayern take the lead almost straight away! Diaby fouls Davies in Leverkusen's half. The ball in finds Upamecano at the far post who crosses low, and Lewandowski beats Hradecky with a clever backheel towards the far post!,1
Abde EzzalzouliBarcelona · Striker #33Ez Abde is withdrawn for the Catalan club after only entering the game in the second half. Jutgla replaces the winger.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Camavinga replaces Vinicius to shore up the Madrid midfield for the closing stages of the game. The Brazilian forward was cramping up after a fine performance.,0
Valverde goes into the book for taking his shirt off after celebrating his goal. ,2
Asst: RodrygoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VALVERDE SLOTS HOME ON THE COUNTER!!!!!! 3-2 MADRID!!!! Los Blancos have their third lead of the game courtesy of a cool finish from Valverde. Madrid hit the Catalan club on the break as Casemiro releases Rodrygo down the right flank. The Brazilian sends a cutback into the middle that Vinicius leaves for Valverde to control before placing his effort away from Ter Stegen into the bottom-left corner.,1
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Vazquez makes his way on to the field to replace Carvajal at right-back. Carvajal struggled against Dembele, let's see how Vazquez copes.,0
Asst: J. AlbaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! FATI HEADS HOME!!!!! BARCELONA ARE LEVEL!!!! 2-2!!!!! Fati makes an impact off the bench as he rises in the Madrid box to head home from close range. Alba floats a dangerous cross into the middle from the left flank. The forward drifts behind Militao and plants his effort away from Courtois into the back of the net. Game on.,1
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Modric is withdrawn for Madrid and is replaced in the middle of the park by Valverde.,0
Dani AlvesBarcelona · Defender #8Nico enters the action for the hosts as he replaces Alves.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Gavi is withdrawn for the Catalan club and is replaced by Depay. The midfielder was just beginning to fade, while Depay will offer a focal point.,0
Casemiro brings down Gavi on the charge and the midfielder goes into the book.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BENZEMA GETS HIS GOAL!!!!! 2-1 MADRID!!!!!!! Los Blancos regain the lead as Benzema converts from close range. Mendy raids down the left flank and feeds the Frenchman in the Barca box. He turns to create space for a strike that is repelled by a fine save by Ter Stegen. Vinicius gathers the rebound and fires a low ball across the face of goal that the Barca keeper turns away from goal. Benzema pounces on the rebound and steers a strike home.,1
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11Rodrygo replaces Asensio in the final third for Los Blancos.,0
Luuk de JongBarcelona · Striker #17Fati makes his return to action as he replaces De Jong to lead the Barca line.,0
lves brings down Vinicius on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21Pedri makes his comeback from injury to replace De Jong.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Striker #19Ez Abde replaces Torres in the final third for Barca.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LUUK DE JONG LEVELS FOR BARCA!!!! 1-1!!!!!! The Catalan club notch an equaliser in fortunate circumstances as Militao blasts a clearance straight off De Jong and the ball creeps past Courtois with the aid of the left post. Dembele causes further problems for Madrid down the left and he sends a low cross into the middle. Militao goes to sweep it away, but the ball hits off the forward and finds the net despite the best efforts of Courtois.,1
Asst: K. BenzemaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VINCIUS FIRES MADRID AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!!! The forward holds his composure in the left-inside channel before slotting a strike into the top-left corner. Benzema wins possession for Los Blancos from Busquets before collecting an offload from Modric. He releases Vinicius with a pinpoint pass down the left flank. The Brazilian takes it in stride before finishing in style.,1
Torres is beaten all ends up by Mendy and has to pull his shirt to stop the full-back from advancing down the left flank.,2
Donnarumma is booked for time-wasting for the home side from the resulting goal-kick.,2
impembe goes into the book for the visitors after appealing to the referee about Caci's goal. He feels that there was a foul in the build-up.,2
Asst: D. LiénardGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!! CACI EQUALISES AT THE DEATH!!!!! 3-3!!!!!! Caci coasts in unmarked at the back post to steer home an equaliser with a precise finish, sending the home fans into raptures. Lienard does well down the left flank to lift a cross into the box. Caci holds his composure to guide his right-footed strike past Donnarumma into the top-right corner.,1
Achraf HakimiPSG · Midfielder #2Kehrer replaces Hakimi to shore up the PSG defence for closing minutes.,0
NeymarPSG · Striker #10Neymar receives a few jeers from the home fans as he makes his way off the field. Di Maria replaces the Brazilian for the closing minutes.,0
Frédéric GuilbertStrasbourg · Defender #2Caci replaces Guilbert down the right flank for the home side.,0
Juan BernatPSG · Midfielder #14Bernat is replaced at left wing-back for Mendes for the closing stages.,0
Sanjin PrcićStrasbourg · Midfielder #14Aholou replaces Prcic in the middle of the park for the home side.,0
Neymar produces a late challenge on Prcic to bring down the midfielder. He goes into the book and vents his frustration at the official.,2
Ludovic AjorqueStrasbourg · Striker #25Ajorque is withdrawn for the hosts as Diallo enters the action in the final third.,0
Adrien ThomassonStrasbourg · Midfielder #10Sissoko replaces Thomasson in the middle of the park for the home side.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MBAPPE NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!!!! 3-1 PSG!!!!! The forward takes the game away from Strasbourg following a horrendous mistake from Djiku. The Strasbourg defender plays a blind backpass to Sels and places the ball straight into the path of Mbappe. He needs no invitation to race through on goal before slotting his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
sst: K. MbappeGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! HAKIMI CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!! 2-1 PSG!!!!! The champions take the lead with a brilliant team move that is finished by Hakimi. Neymar releases the run of Mbappe in the inside-left channel before the Frenchman spots an unmarked Hakimi in the middle. Mbappe finds the wing-back in the six-yard box before he dispatches his strike into the top-left corner. A clinical PSG attack.,1
Lienard catches Hakimi with a late challenge and is booked by the referee.,2
Prcic clips Mbappe on the charge in the final third and goes into the book. PSG have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
sst: NeymarGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MBAPPE LEVELS WITH A CLINICAL FINISH!!!!! 1-1!!! The visitors are back in the game with a fine goal from Mbappe on the counter. Perrin loses the ball upfield and it allows Neymar to thread a pass for Mbappe behind the Strasbourg backline. The forward takes a good first touch in the inside-left channel before placing his effort between the legs of Sels to find the back of the net.,1
Bellegarde goes down in the box as he tries to break past Marquinhos. However, the referee deems that it was simulation and books the midfielder.,2
sst: L. PerrinGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GAMEIRO FIRES STRASBOURG AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Gameiro latches on to a throughball behind the PSG defence and then fires past Donnarumma from a tight angle into the top-right corner. Perrin knocks a hopeful pass behind Kimpembe and Gameiro displays a turn of pace to beat the defender to the ball. He bursts into the inside-right channel before dispatching a powerful effort past Donnarumma, beating the Italian at his near post.,1
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #9Youngster Yildiz is given a chance for the final few minutes as he replaces Vlahovic.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #7Juve also turn to the bench as Chiesa is given a well-earned breather with Milik coming on in his place.,0
BetoUdinese · Striker #9The hosts make another change as Beto is replaced by Lucca.,0
Andrea CambiasoJuventus · Midfielder #27Cambiaso is given a well-earned break as he is replaced by Iling.,0
Florian ThauvinUdinese · Striker #26Udinese make a change as Success comes on in place of Thauvin.,0
Festy EboseleUdinese · Midfielder #2Ebosele is unable to continue after taking a knock. He is replaced by Ferreira.,0
Timothy WeahJuventus · Midfielder #22Weah also makes way with McKennie coming on.,0
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Juventus also make a couple of changes. One of them sees Miretti replaced by Fagioli.,0
Oier ZarragaUdinese · Midfielder #6Udinese make two changes at the break. The first sees Zarraga replaced by Samardzic.,0
Hassane KamaraUdinese · Midfielder #12Kamara also makes way for the hosts with Zemura taking his place.,0
Asst: A. CambiasoRABIOT!!! 3-0! What a lovely goal by Juventus! Following a neat exchange of passes, Chiesa backheels for Cambiaso to cross towards the far post, where Rabiot arrives to head home.,1
anilo handles the ball while sliding in to challenge Kamara. The Juve skipper goes into the book, though it looked a little harsh in all fairness.,2
Kabasele goes in late on Vlahovic and can have no complaints as he goes into the book.,2
Alex Sandro receives the first yellow card of the game after dragging Thauvin down.,2
enalty GoalVLAHOVIC!!! 2-0 JUVENTUS! No mistake by Juve's number nine! Vlahovic steps up and calmly sends Silvestri the wrong way from 12 yards. This has been some start by the visitors!,1
sst: D. VlahovićCHIESA!!! 1-0 JUVENTUS! What a start for the visitors! Juve pounce on a loose pass with Vlahovic quickly finding Chiesa, who brilliantly drills the ball into the bottom corner of the net.,1
Brennan JohnsonTottenham · Midfielder #22Not amongst the goals or assists this time around, but it's still been an assured performance from Johnson against his former club, as he's replaced late on by Dane Scarlett in the attack.,0
Neco WilliamsNottm Forest · Defender #7World Cup winner Gonzalo Montiel is on in Forest's final change, replacing Williams at right-back as the visitors look for some similar heroics from the Argentine late on here.,0
Ryan YatesNottm Forest · Midfielder #22Forest captain Yates comes off as one of two late changes, and Ibrahim Sangare is on to take his place at the base of the visitors' midfield.,0
DaniloNottm Forest · Midfielder #28Danilo is withdrawn just moments after picking up that risky yellow card, and the introduction of Giovanni Reyna suggests that the visitors are switching to a more attacking shape and style in the last 10 minutes.,0
Danilo does well to dispossess Son and cut out a Spurs attack, but then takes too long to release the ball! When he finally does so, it's a lunge which catches Lo Celso high and late, resulting in a yellow card for the Forest midfielder.,2
Timo WernerTottenham · Midfielder #16A further two changes coming up late for Spurs, with the increasingly effective Werner withdrawn and Giovani Lo Celso on for the final 15 minutes or so of this game.,0
James MaddisonTottenham · Midfielder #10Dejan Kulusevski also enters the fray, taking Maddison's place in the front four in a change which could see either himself or Johnson move over to the left-hand side.,0
illiams' loose pass is cut out by Werner, who knocks it past the Welshman into open space. He runs in behind looking to exploit this space, but is dragged back by the Forest right-back in a challenge that yields a textbook yellow card.,2
Morgan Gibbs-WhiteNottm Forest · Midfielder #10Gibbs-White is also withdrawn by Nuno Espirito Santo, with Nicolas Domínguez taking his place as Forest's number 10 for the remainder of this match.,0
Chris WoodNottm Forest · Striker #11His goal drew Forest level in the first half, but Wood comes off now for Divock Origi - who knows all about scoring against Tottenham in big games - to replace him up front.,0
Gibbs-White's deft first touch takes him past Bentancur and into the final third, but the Spurs substitute gets one back on the Forest number 10 with a rash challenge that sees him also go into the referee's book.,2
Asst: R. BentancurGOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! What a start to the second half from Tottenham!!! A clever touch from Maddison takes him beyond Williams and into space down the left, before scooping a cross back from the byline. Bentancur arrives at the near post with a glancing header, which goes nowhere near the goal but does fall kindly for Porro to lash home on the half-volley!!! Two goals in four minutes but Spurs 3-1 up, and they don't look likely to surrender their advantage from here!!,1
Forest lose out in the midfield battle as Son recovers possession to find Bentancur, but the Uruguayan is taken out from behind in a cynical Gibbs-White challenge, which could have ended much worse than just a yellow card for the midfielder!,2
Asst: H. SonGOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! A thumping strike restores the Tottenham advantage!!! Spurs' relentless attacking yields a corner which is played short yet again, and Son tees up Van de Ven on the edge of the box. The centre-back takes one touch before rifling the ball into the top-left corner, leaving Sels rooted to the spot as Spurs go 2-1 up early in the second half!!,1
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29Sarr too comes off at the break, meaning it's an all-new double pivot for Spurs with Rodrigo Bentancur entering the fray!,0
Yves BissoumaTottenham · Midfielder #8Despite being one of Spurs' main attacking threats in the first half, Bissouma is withdrawn for the second, with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg slotting into the midfield duo alongside Sarr.,0
Asst: A. ElangaGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! Forest level things up!!! Elanga and Williams link up brilliantly down the right-hand side and the latter drills a cross into the area with Wood arriving. It takes a deflection off Romero into the New Zealander's path, and Wood reacts quickest to side-foot a first-time shot into the bottom-left corner!! 1-1 in north London, and we've got a game on our hands here!!,1
Elanga's the out-ball for Forest and races down the right wing before being caught from behind by Werner. The Spurs forward is shown a yellow card, and the visitors gain a free-kick with the chance to get the ball into Tottenham's box.,2
Spurs cut out a Forest counter-attack and threaten to launch one of their own, but Maddison is caught off the ball by Yates on the halfway line and the visiting captain is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Odegaard misses out on the opportunity to score in four Premier League away matches in a row, as he makes way for Vieira.,0
sst: D. McNeilGOAL!!! Everton take the lead! Dyche's men have looked a threat from set-pieces all game long, and it is a corner that sees them break the deadlock. McNeil's corner is deep to the back post, and Tarkowski bullies Odegaard to beat him to the ball before nodding into the far corner to make it 1-0 to the hosts!,1
Thomas ParteyArsenal · Midfielder #5Jorginho comes on for his debut to replace Partey, who was a major doubt coming into the game.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Bennacer makes way for the home side in the middle of the park and is replaced by Krunic for the closing minutes.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Ibrahimovic makes his comeback from injury as he replaces Giroud in the final third.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Leao made a few bright moves in the first half, but gradually faded. Rebic replaces the forward in the final third.,0
Franck KessiéMilan · Midfielder #79Kessie was bright in the first half, but his output has diminished and is now replaced by Diaz.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Messias has been active in the second half, but not overly productive. Saelemaekers replaces the Brazilian down the right flank.,0
Filippo BandinelliEmpoli · Midfielder #25Benassi enters the action in the middle of the park to replace Bandinelli.,0
Nedim BajramiEmpoli · Midfielder #10Bajrami almost unlocked the Milan defence and is now withdrawn for the final 19 minutes for Di Francesco.,0
Liberato CacaceEmpoli · Defender #21Cacace is withdrawn at left-back as Parisi comes on to the field for the final third of the game.,0
Riccardo FiamozziEmpoli · Defender #20Fiamozzi makes way for the visitors at right-back for Stojanovic.,0
Liam HendersonEmpoli · Midfielder #8Henderson makes way in the final third for Cutrone, who will be out to score against his former club.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KALULU BREAKS THE DEADLOCK WITH A BRILLIANT STRIKE!!!!! 1-0 MILAN!!!!! Kalulu latches on to a rebound from Giroud's free-kick and places his left-footed strike into the bottom-left corner from 25 yards. Giroud lines up a blast from a free-kick on the edge of the box that is blocked with ease by the wall. However, Kalulu races forward to latch on to the rebound before drilling a low effort on his left foot past Vicario.,1
sst: B. GodfreyWHAT A GOAL! After giving away the earlier penalty, Keane equalises! Spurs are slow to close him down when it's squared to him by Godfrey so he decides to run at goal himself. Skipp slides in, so he takes on the shot early and it swerves through the air, leaving Lloris stranded, and skims the inside of the post on the way in. 1-1!,1
LUCAS IS SENT OFF! The Brazilian flicked a header straight onto Keane and tried to make up for his error by chasing down the defender. He's very late though, stepping on Keane's ankle with his studs, and he knows straight away he's in trouble. The referee pulls out another straight red, and it's 10 against 10 here!,3
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27And Gueye is also taken off, as Garner makes his first appearance since returning from injury.,0
Amadou OnanaEverton · Midfielder #8Another double change for Everton here. Onana is going off for Davies.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Second change for Spurs now and it's Son that's making way for Lucas.,0
Romero takes one touch too many in the end and catches Onana as he tries to keep hold of it. He's booked for the challenge.,2
Clément LengletTottenham · Defender #34Spurs are also making a change of their own, and it's Lenglet that's replaced by Sanchez.,0
Demarai GrayEverton · Striker #11And Simms, who scored a late equaliser last time out, comes on for Gray.,0
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23Dyche is making a double change as he looks to take advantage of his side's momentum. Coleman is the first to go off, with Mykolenko on for him.,0
Penalty GoalKANE SCORES! The referee's whistle goes, but Kane takes his time, standing over the ball and trying to psych Pickford out. He takes a short run-up, firing it low into the bottom left corner, sending Pickford the wrong way. 1-0 Spurs!,1
Lenglet tripped as Iwobi ran past him, so the defender tried to drag him down by the shirt. The referee initially played the advantage but has now gone back to book the Frenchman.,2
After receiving treatment and getting back to his feet, Kane is shown a yellow card for his own push on Doucoure.,2
DOUCOURE IS SENT OFF! It's a moment of madness from the midfielder! Gray is pushed off the ball by Kane, who then has nowhere to go once he's won it. Doucoure gets across to dispossess him before pushing Kane away once and then hitting him in the face. He tries to protest his innocence, but the referee has no doubts as he shows him a straight red. Everton are down to 10!,3
Sargis AdamyanHoffenheim · Striker #23Adamyan is withdrawn after his brace and Bicakcic replaces the two-goal hero for the visitors.,0
Asst: R. SkovGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! ADAMYAN DOES IT AGAIN!!!! 2-1!!!! Hoffenheim regain the lead as the forward scores his second of the game. Skov slides a pass to Adamyan on the edge of the box and he takes a touch to roll Sule. Adamyan fires towards the bottom-right corner and his strike beats the hand of Neuer to find the net.,1
sst: T. MüllerGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LEWANDOWSKI HEADS HOME!!! 1-1!!! Bayern have the equaliser as the Pole converts from six yards. Muller sends a teasing cross to the back left post and Lewandowski gets behind Hubner to guide his effort beyond Baumann into the right bottom corner. ,1
Florian GrillitschHoffenheim · Midfielder #11Nordtveit comes on in the middle of the park for Grillitsch.,0
Pavel KadeřábekHoffenheim · Midfielder #3Kaderbek makes way for Stafylidis for the visitors.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Coman has had better games and he makes way for Muller.,0
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24Tolisso is withdrawn for Perisic for the home side.,0
Asst: D. GeigerGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ADAMYAN PUTS HOFFENHEIM AHEAD!!! 1-0!! Tolisso loses out in the midfield to Rudy before Geiger pounces on the loose ball and releases the run of Adamyan in the box. He cuts inside to shoot in his left foot from the right inside channel and his low effort finds the right bottom corner.,1
hiago brings down Rudy on the charge and goes into the book. It was a cynical one from the Bayern midfielder.,2
Zapata catches Aebischer in the side of the head by accident as he tries to hold off the midfielder's challenge. The Atalanta striker is booked as a result. ,2
Christopher MartinsYoung Boys · Midfielder #35Now it's Wagner's turn to make a positive change, replacing midfielder Martins Pereira with a forward in Kanga.,0
OAL!!!! WHAT AN INTRODUCTION FROM MURIEL!!! Just one minute after coming on, the striker steps up to a free-kick at a sharp angle to the left of goal, but his strike takes a slight deflection and sneaks inside the bottom corner of the near post! Atalanta are level again and it's 3-3!,1
Joakim MæhleAtalanta · Midfielder #3Gasperini throws a striker in Muriel on for a wing-back in Maehle as he looks to salvage something from the game in the time that remains.,0
Asst: M. AebischerGOAL!!!! WHAT A GOAL FROM HEFTI!!!! The right-back drifts into a central area and strokes a sublime strike into the top-left corner past a helpless Musso! He could well have won the game for his side! It's 3-2 to Young Boys now!,1
sst: M. NgamaleuGOAL!!! SIERRO FIRES YOUNG BOYS LEVEL!!! Moumi Ngamaleu's run towards the right byline was picked out with a quick throw-in and the forward cut the ball back into the middle for Sierro, who curled a left-footed strike inside the far corner! It's 2-2!,1
Remo FreulerAtalanta · Midfielder #11Gasperini makes another change in midfield, with Freuler replaced by Pessina in the centre of the park.,0
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Midfielder #88Gasperini also makes a conservative change, bringing a deeper midfielder in Koopmeiners on for an attacking player in Pasalic.,0
Merih DemiralAtalanta · Defender #28Gasperini makes a double-substitution of his own now. The first change sees Demiral replaced in defence by Djimsiti.,0
Meschak EliaYoung Boys · Striker #15Elia is also replaced in attack, with Mambimbi taking his place as Young Boys chase the game.,0
Fabian RiederYoung Boys · Midfielder #32Wagner makes a double-change as he tries to get his team back into the game. Rieder is off for Sierro in midfield.,0
Hefti takes a loose touch as he tries to craft some space for a cross on the right and, in his eagerness to win the ball back after Malinovskiy had nipped in, catches the top of the Atalanta midfielder's foot with his studs and is shown a yellow card.,2
Demiral hauls Siebatcheu back to prevent him from sprinting after a long ball forward on the counter and receives a yellow card for his trouble.,2
sst: M. PašalićGOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM PALOMINO!!! A long ball into the box is nodded down and then cushioned into the path of Palomino on the edge of the box. The defender thumps the ball at goal on the half-volley and rifles his shot into the back of the net! It's 2-1 to Atalanta!,1
Davide ZappacostaAtalanta · Midfielder #77Zappacosta is forced off with that injury and is replaced at half-time by Pezzella, who goes to left wing-back, with Maehle switching to the right.,0
Moumi Ngamaleu goes into the book for a poor challenge on Zappacosta. The Atalanta wing-back is still down and receiving treatment.,2
Asst: M. AebischerGOAL!!! YOUNG BOYS ARE LEVEL!!! Aebischer sends his corner to the near post and Siebatcheu arrives to head it off the underside of the crossbar and in! It's 1-1!,1
Garcia accidentally catches Malinovskiy in the face with an arm as he looks to protect the ball and, to his frustration, is shown a yellow card as a result.,2
Asst: R. FreulerGOAL!!! ZAPATA OPENS THE SCORING FOR ATALANTA!!! The ball is worked down the left and fizzed into the feet of Zapata, who has to take it in with his back to goal. The striker swivels superbly, however, and fires the ball unerringly into the bottom-right corner! It's 1-0 to Atalanta!,1
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Depay makes his Atletico bow as he replaces Morata in the final third.,0
Sergio LeónValladolid · Striker #7Roque Mesa enters the action to replace Leon for the visitors.,0
Javi SánchezValladolid · Defender #5Lucas Rosa enters the action to replace Javi Sanchez at the back for Valladolid.,0
Luis Pérez MaquedaValladolid · Defender #2Fresneda, who has been linked with a move away from Valladolid, replaces Luis Perez down the right flank.,0
Lucas OlazaValladolid · Defender #12Plata comes on down the left flank for Olaza.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Kondogbia replaces Lemar to shore up the Atletico midfield.,0
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8With the result all but secure, Griezmann makes way and is replaced by Carrasco.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Simeone takes no chances with Llorente as the midfielder leaves the field. De Paul enters the action.,0
ike Perez brings down Morata on the counter and goes into the book.,2
Reinildo is booked for catching Luis Perez with his late challenge.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! HERMOSO PUTS IN A THIRD!!!!!!! 3-0 ATLETICO!!!! Everything Atletico touches is finding the net in the final third as Hermoso scores with a great instinctive finish on the rebound. Griezmann clips a free-kick into the middle for for Hermoso to attack and he directs his header at goal. Masip makes the stop with his feet, but Hermoso sticks out a leg to steer the ball home on the second effort.,1
sst: N. MolinaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GRIEZMANN DOUBLES ATLETICO'S LEAD!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!! Griezmann scores with a backheel now! The Frenchman is on fire in the final third as he makes a run to the near post and steers Molina's cross into the top-right corner with his right boot. Atletico are in complete control now.,1
Asst: A. GriezmannGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MORATA PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!! Morata finishes with composure following a brilliant backheel from Griezmann. Griezmann flicks the ball around the corner from Koke's offload, allowing Morata to race on to the throughball and beat the challenge of Torres by turning back. He has space and time to finish and duly drills his strike past Masip. A brilliant team goal.,1
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Juve's final change is a double one. Milik, who was subbed on for the injured Pogba in the first half, won't see out the rest of the game as Kean replaces him.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11And Cuadrado is also making way, with Barbieri on in his place.,0
REMER SCORES! Paredes delivers another good corner into the box and Milik rises highest to help it on at the near post. Bremer's first-time volley is straight against Chiriches in front of him, but it loops up nicely and the Brazilian leaps to head it over the keeper from close range. 2-0 Juve!,1
Luka LochoshviliCremonese · Defender #44Final roll of the dice for Cremonese now. Lochoshvili is taken off, with Sernicola on in his place.,0
Marco BenassiCremonese · Midfielder #26For Cremonese, Benassi's game is over as Buonaiuto comes on in his place.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #7And Chiesa is also taken off, with Iling-Junior on in his place.,0
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #9Both sides are making a double change here, starting with Juventus. Vlahovic is the first to go off, with Di Maria replacing him.,0
agioli sells Danilo short with the cross-field pass and Galdames gets to it first. The Brazilian's attempt to reach the ball brings him down, and he's booked - meaning he will miss the next league game through suspension.,2
Cuadrado's frustration gets the better of him as he loses the ball on the edge of the box and then races over to Valeri with a lunging tackle. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
Asst: F. ChiesaFAGIOLI SCORES! Juventus break quickly on the counter and Danilo looks for Chiesa in space down the left once more. He draws three Cremonese defenders to him before pulling it back to Fagioli, who rifles his first-time shot over Carnesecchi into the roof of the net. 1-0 Juve!,1
Felix Afena-GyanCremonese · Midfielder #20There's a double change for Cremonese at the break. Afena-Gyan is the first to make way, with Ciofani replacing him.,0
Giacomo QuagliataCremonese · Defender #33And Quagliata is also taken off, with Valeri on in his place.,0
Paul PogbaJuventus · Midfielder #10Pogba leaves the field in tears as he goes straight down the tunnel after treatment. Milik is brought on in his place.,0
sst: Á. OdriozolaGOAL! Mariano surely seals the points! Odriozola once again makes up the ground down the right-hand side and delivers a perfect ball into the box for Mariano to attack. The substitute, from the penalty spot, sends his diving header beyond Pacheco and into the top right corner. 3-0.,1
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #28The home side make their final substitution as Vinicius is replaced by Isco. The Brazilian has been absolutely exceptional.,0
Jonathan CalleriAlavés · Striker #12It is a double change for the visitors as Blanco comes on to replace Calleri.,0
Manuel Alejandro García SánchezAlavés · Midfielder #19Alaves make their second change as Garcia is replaced by Guidetti. Less than 10 minutes to go.,0
Asst: M. AsensioGOAL! Vinicius makes it two! The Brazilian started the move off as he drove down the left and opted to switch the play over to Asensio. The Spaniard took his time before sliding the ball towards the far post where Vinicius was arriving. The attacker controlled the ball brilliantly before placing his effort into the bottom right corner. 2-0.,1
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Madrid make their second change of the match as the goalscorer, Benzema, is replaced by Mariano. The Frenchman’s goal remains the difference.,0
Wakaso goes into the box after bringing down Vinicius when the young Brazilian looked to launch a counter-attack.,2
BurguiAlavés · Midfielder #14The visitors make their first change as Burgui makes way for Rolan.,0
Gareth BaleReal Madrid · Striker #11The hosts make their first change of the match as Asensio replaces Bale. Just less than 30 minutes to go.,0
Burgui receives a yellow card after catching Reguilon with a high boot down the left wing.,2
aguardia is the first player to be shown a yellow card following a late foul on Vinicius as Madrid looked to launch another attack.,2
sst: ReguilónGOAL! Benzema opens the scoring! Vinicius plays a quick one-two with Ceballos on the left wing before the Spaniard bursts into the box and picks out Benzema who simply could not miss from a few yards out. 1-0.,1
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Osimhen is denied the opportunity to score a hat-trick as he is replaced by Simeone.,0
Mattia CaldaraSpezia · Defender #29Caldara, at fault for the third goal, is replaced by Cidot.,0
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77After another excellent display, Kvaratskhelia comes off for Ndombele.,0
Zielinski sees yellow for clipping the heels of Agudelo in midfield.,2
Caldara is booked for cynically bringing down Osimhen as the striker wriggled away from him.,2
Hirving LozanoNapoli · Striker #11Lozano makes way for Politano at the interval.,0
Lozano is yellow-carded for a late challenge on Agudelo, one that relieves some of the pressure Spezia had been under in the last couple of minutes.,2
mpadu goes in the book for bringing down Kvaratskhelia, while Napoli will have a free-kick in a threatening crossing position.,2
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Midfielder #26Wolves replace an attacker with a more defensive player as they look to tighten up. Hwang makes way for Dendoncker.,0
Rice trips Semedo to stop a counter-attack near the halfway-line and a yellow card is promptly shown.,2
Daniel PodenceWolves · Midfielder #10Podence has been superb today - his direct dribbling has caused Cresswell plenty of issues, and his performance was capped off with an assist. He's now replaced by Traore. ,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20The second change is revealed and Bowen will make way for Yarmolenko.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22West Ham make two more changes as they search for an equaliser. The first sees Benrahma depart for Vlasic.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8West Ham respond immediately by replacing Fornals with Lanzini.,0
sst: D. PodenceGOAL! JIMENEZ! 1-0 WOLVES. The hosts finally get the breakthrough they deserve. A sweeping move ends with Podence cutting it back to Jimenez who slots it into the bottom corner with a precise, low strike from 20 yards!   ,1
eves cynically hacks down Bowen to prevent a breakaway and earns himself a yellow card.,2
Tyrick MitchellCrystal Palace · Midfielder #3That botched cross for Mateta is Mitchell's last action of the game as Clyne comes in to replace him.,0
Ola AinaNottm Forest · Defender #43Toffolo arrives for the jaded-looking Aina as we approach the final five minutes of regular time here.,0
Adam WhartonCrystal Palace · Midfielder #20Hughes comes on for Wharton and his Derby County pedigree brings with it some slight boos from the home contingent.,0
Schlupp is deemed a little too exuberant with his challenge. Gibbs-White stands over the free-kick on the left. Wood clearly the target...,2
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Schlupp comes on for his 200th Premier League appearance. Ayew comes off.,0
Asst: M. Gibbs-WhiteWHAT A HEADER! LIKE A SALMON, WITH HIS BACK TO GOAL! Wood's second-half is already leagues above his first, and he's brought Forest back into this one. Gibbs-White floats a delicious ball over and Wood flicks a lovely nod over Henderson into the right-side just under the bar! 1-1! GAME ON!,1
Divock OrigiNottm Forest · Midfielder #27Reyna arrives for Origi, he's been a little lacking today. Forest are coming forward...,0
Felipe goes into the book for his efforts to stop his big French adversary. It was looked at by VAR too allegedly, yet the yellow card stands.,2
Ibrahim SangaréNottm Forest · Midfielder #6There's the change. Sangare didn't look comfortable for wide spells in that first period. Elanga comes in, with seven assists to his name - clearly with a license to bomb forward. It could be a matter of shifting formation for Nuno's men.,0
Asst: E. EzeGOAAALLLLL! THE EAGLES TAKE FLIGHT HERE IN NOTTINGHAM! Mateta is the man to get it and it's a top finish! Lerma slips Eze in brilliantly down the central-left channel. He squares for Mateta and he finds the top left corner with great power! That's four in his last seven now and Palace lead 1-0!,1
Asst: W. WeghorstFRED SEALS IT! Rashford's cross is blocked by Aguerd, but he can't sort his feet out quick enough and Weghorst is there to nick it off him. He bundles it back to Fred on the edge of the box, and he fires it past Areola and into the back of the net to make sure of the win. 3-1 United!,1
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Striker #49Ten Hag wants to see out the win in the last few minutes. Garnacho, who looks to be the match winner, is taken off, with Varane on in his place.,0
GARNACHO SCORES! Fernandes swings a cross into the box and it's a tired clearance by Aguerd straight to Weghorst. The defender recovers well to block his shot though, and it loops back out to Garnacho on the left of the box. He has a quick glance up as he gets it out of his feet before curling it around Johnson and into the far bottom corner. 2-1 United!,1
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9And West Ham are making a change of their own. Antonio goes off, with Scamacca on in his place.,0
Marcel SabitzerMan United · Midfielder #15Fourth change for United now, and it's Sabitzer that's taken off for Fred.,0
Paqueta stretches across Garnacho to cut out his run, and he takes the youngster out, resulting in a yellow card.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Striker #8West Ham's first change of the game sees Fornals replaced by Bowen.,0
AntonyMan United · Striker #21And Antony is the player making way for Rashford, who slots in up front, with Weghorst dropping deep.,0
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2Ten Hag is making a double change in response to going behind. Lindelof is the first to go off, with Martinez on in his place.,0
Asst: EmersonBENRAHMA SCORES! United think the ball went out of play, but Soucek kept it inside the line and knocked it onto Emerson down the left. He pulls it back to Benrahma, who has a quick glance up and rifles his shot past De Gea and into the far top corner. A VAR check proved it stayed in, and the goal counts. 1-0 West Ham!,1
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39There's a change for United at the break. It's McTominay that's going off, with Casemiro on in his place.,0
McTominay is late getting across to Benrahma, and he just sticks out a leg to trip him, resulting in a booking.,2
aguire clatters into the back of Antonio on the halfway line and catches him late. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2
Garcia caught Alejo in the face as he tried to shield the ball from him and the free-kick is given against him. Alba kicks it away in frustration, so he's booked for dissent.,2
Torres is complaining to the referee about Cadiz's time-wasting and he's booked for dissent.,2
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2Barcelona are making a late change here as Mingueza comes on to replace Dest.,0
Rubén SobrinoCádiz · Midfielder #21Sobrino is helped off the pitch by the physio and it's Arzamendia that's brought on to replace him.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21And Luuk de Jong comes on in place of Frenkie De Jong.,0
Clément LengletBarcelona · Defender #15Barcelona are going for it in attack as they look to get back on level terms. Lenglet is taken off, with Traore on for him.,0
Jens JønssonCádiz · Midfielder #2And Jonsson also makes way, with Chust replacing him.,0
Raúl ParraCádiz · Defender #36Both sides are making double changes here, starting with Cadiz. Parra is the first to go off, with Akapo on for him.,0
est is sliding in to try and keep the ball when he spots Fali's run, and he tries to pull out of it, but his momentum carries him into the Cadiz defender. He's booked for the challenge.,2
José María Martín Bejarano-SerranoCádiz · Midfielder #6Cadiz are making a double change now, and Mari is the first to go off, with Fede on in his place.,0
Salvador Sanchez PonceCádiz · Midfielder #7And Salvi is also taken off, with Alejo on for him.,0
Memphis DepayBarcelona · Striker #9Barcelona are making a change before they take the free-kick they just won. Depay goes off, with Aubameyang on to replace him.,0
Hernandez lunges into a challenge on Busquets, and he gets the ball but then follows through with his studs. He's pleading his innocence, but it won't get him out of a booking.,2
LUCAS SCORES! It's a wonderful cross from Alex onto the edge of the six-yard box and Sobrino glances on a header and Ter Stegen is positioned perfectly to smother it. Sobrino has a second bite at it which the keeper flaps away and Lucas is there to lift it into the empty net from close range. 1-0 Cadiz!,1
onsson is breaking through the middle and Busquets lunges in to try and stop him. The player manages to ride the challenge, but Busquets is still booked for it.,2
JOTA SEALS IT! Liverpool have their second goal! Diaz breaks through in midfield, and though he slips over, the ball deflects off Sadiki into Jota's path. The Portuguese winger coolly slots home past Moris into the bottom corner, and that makes it 2-0 to the hosts: game over!,1
Kevin Mac AllisterUnion Saint-Gilloise · Defender #5Having shared the pitch with his brother Alexis for most of the second half, Kevin Mac Allister now departs. Sykes comes on to replace him.,0
Ryan GravenberchLiverpool · Midfielder #38Goalscorer Gravenberch is now taken off, as Szoboszlai trots on to replace him in midfield.,0
Charles VanhoutteUnion Saint-Gilloise · Midfielder #24Vanhoutte comes off too, with Sadiki sent on.,0
Lazare AmaniUnion Saint-Gilloise · Midfielder #8Chasing a late equaliser, Union make two more changes: first, Amani is replaced by Rasmussen.,0
Casper TerhoUnion Saint-Gilloise · Defender #17Lapoussin is also introduced, with Terho making way for the Madagascar international.,0
Gustaf NilssonUnion Saint-Gilloise · Striker #29Blessin makes his first changes of the game: first, Nilsson makes way for recent signing Rodriguez, who has yet to score for Union Saint-Gilloise.,0
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66Receiving warm applause from the Anfield faithful as he departs, Alexander-Arnold makes way for Gomez.,0
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #9After an awful miss in the first half, Nunez is also withdrawn; Diaz replaces him.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Finally, Jones comes on for Salah, who is spared the second half with Sunday's game against Brighton in mind.,0
Wataru EndōLiverpool · Midfielder #3The introduction of Alexis Mac Allister for Endo in midfield sees him join brother Kevin on the pitch.,0
LIVERPOOL LEAD! Played in by Nunez on the left, Alexander-Arnold's low drive from 20 yards forces Moris to spill the ball into Gravenberch's path. Presented with a tap-in from close range, the Dutch midfielder makes no mistake and puts Liverpool 1-0 ahead just before the break - that's his first goal for the club!,1
Neal MaupayBrighton · Striker #9Sarmiento comes on in place of Maupay.,0
Shane LongSouthampton · Striker #7Long makes way for Broja up top for the visitors.,0
sst: O. RomeuWhat a goal!!! Romeu cleverly backheels the ball to Ward-Prowse just outside the area, and the midfielder adds his second of the game by rifling the ball first-time into the bottom left corner past Sanchez to make it 2-2.,1
ard-Prowse has done it again!!! He pulls a goal back for the visitors with yet another sublime free-kick, as he curls his shot off the post and into the back of the net to make it 2-1.,1
ucurella is booked for bringing down Tella, and the Saints have a free-kick in a great shooting position. Set-piece specialist Ward-Prowse is standing over it.,2
Tino LivramentoSouthampton · Defender #21Perraud comes on to replace the injured Livramento.,0
The hosts are in front!!! It's a lightning-quick start for Brighton, who lead after just two minutes. Cucurella drills a low cross into the box, and Forster fumbles it. The ball sits up perfectly for Welbeck to tap into the empty net to make it 1-0.,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!75'VfL Bochum5 - 2AntalyasporJordi Osei-TutuVfL Bochum,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!45'VfL Bochum2 - 1AntalyasporSimon ZollerVfL Bochum,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!41'VfL Bochum1 - 1AntalyasporIvan OrdetsVfL Bochum,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!16'VfL Bochum0 - 1AntalyasporHoussam GhachaAntalyaspor,1
Asst: H. WilsonFIVE-STAR FULHAM! It's another quintet for the Cottagers! Wilson strides clear from Reed's throughball, then delays before releasing Vinicius in the area, and the latter slots home past an exposed Fabianski. That puts the seal on an awful day for West Ham - but the home fans don't mind! It's Fulham 5-0 West Ham!!,1
João PalhinhaFulham · Midfielder #26On a booking, Palhinha is withdrawn too; Reed replaces the Portugal international in central midfield.,0
Alex IwobiFulham · Midfielder #22Another goalscorer is withdrawn now, as De Cordova-Reid is offered a brief cameo.,0
Having careered into the back of Bowen in central midfield, Ballo-Toure is punished for his over-eager challenge, receiving a booking.,2
Antonee RobinsonFulham · Defender #33The hosts also make a straight swap at left-back: Robinson is replaced by Ballo-Toure.,0
Raúl JiménezFulham · Striker #7Opening goalscorer Jimenez departs to warm applause from the Craven Cottage faithful, as Vinicius jogs on to replace him up front.,0
Kurt ZoumaWest Ham · Defender #4Ogbonna comes in for West Ham captain Zouma at the back.,0
Mohammed KudusWest Ham · Midfielder #14Moyes has seen enough, making a triple substitution: first, Kudus is replaced by Mubama.,0
sst: T. CairneyFOUR FOR FULHAM! Half-time substitute Wilson has clearly picked up the pace of this game! Soon after seeing a near-post shot saved, he finds the top-left corner from just outside the area! The Welsh winger receives a pass from Cairney, then takes one touch before beating Fabianski with a stunner: 4-0 to Fulham!,1
Aaron CresswellWest Ham · Defender #3Mavropanos is also introduced, perhaps signalling a shift towards a back three, with Cresswell making way.,0
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20After picking up a knock towards the end of the first half, Willian has not re-emerged from the tunnel; Wilson replaces him.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8West Ham have understandably made two half-time changes: first, Fornals is replaced by Emerson.,0
An ugly challenge from behind on Fornals earns Palhinha a needless yellow card when deep in West Ham territory.,2
sst: A. PereiraFULHAM LEAD BY THREE! The hosts are running riot! After Iwobi's volley is blocked behind for a corner-kick, Pereira curls over a cross towards the penalty spot, where Adarabioyo meets it with a towering header - and he picks out the top-left corner! West Ham find themselves 3-0 down before the break!,1
Asst: A. IwobiWILLIAN MAKES IT TWO! After Iwobi has a low shot saved by Fabianski, the alert Pereira pounces on the loose ball near the right byline. His cutback is missed by Iwobi, but Willian meets it with a cool first-time finish into the bottom-right corner: 2-0!,1
sst: J. PalhinhaFULHAM IN FRONT! Guided home from just inside the area, a trademark header from Jimenez rockets into the back of the net, after a superb delivery from the left by Palhinha picks out the hosts' Mexican striker! He finds the net in consecutive league appearances for the first time since October 2020, and Fulham lead 1-0 midway through the first half!,1
ontroversially, Cresswell is booked for stopping Marco Silva collecting the ball near the touchline and dishing it out to a nearby Fulham player. He protests, but that's a yellow card according to the referee.,2
Kristoffer-August Sundquist KlaessonLeeds United · Goalkeeper #13,0
Jeremiah Chukwuedo Chilokoa-MullenLeeds United · Defender #62,0
ennacer's cynical foul takes Biraghi to the turf and earns the Algeria international a yellow card.,2
LEAO FINALLY BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0 MILAN! It’s a moment to forget for Terracciano, who mishits his kick out of the penalty area, presenting it to Leao on the left flank. The Portugal international slaloms his way back into the 18-yard box before curling an effort over the goalkeeper and in!,1
Franck KessiéMilan · Midfielder #79Bennacer comes on for Kessie with 11 minutes to go in the game!,0
artinez Quarta kicks through Hernandez after the ball had already gone out of play for a throw-in. It’s a yellow card for the Fiorentina defender but because it had already gone out of touch the Rossoneri will have to restart with a throw and not a free-kick.,2
Nicolás GonzálezFiorentina · Striker #22Gonzalez is replaced by Ikone at the same time.,0
Alfred DuncanFiorentina · Midfielder #32Torreira comes on for Duncan in Fiorentina's second change of the game.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Pioli makes a change at striker with 23 minutes remaining as Giroud comes off for Ibrahimovic.,0
Youssef MalehFiorentina · Midfielder #14Maleh is brought off 57 minutes after his yellow card - with former Milan player Bonaventura sent on to replace him.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Diaz is brought off at the same time, with Milan sending Krunic on in his stead.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Messias hasn’t really involved himself in the match and he’ll be taken off just shy of the hour, with former Viola Rebic replacing him.,0
Lorenzo VenutiFiorentina · Defender #23A change at half-time sees the booked Venuti replaced by Martinez Quarta.,0
Venuti comes across and shoves Leao to the ground - stopping the forward in his tracks with cynicism. It’s a yellow card for the full-back and a free-kick to Milan late in the half.,2
The referee comes over to show Maleh an early yellow card for an aggressive and ill-advised block on Maignan’s quickly taken drop-kick.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!87'Napoli1 - 2Adana DemirsporYusuf SarıAdana DemirsporPenalty Goal,1
sst: S. GómezHAT-TRICK! Haaland scores his third goal of the game! Fulham can't get close to City as they work it down the left and Gomez jinks past Castagne to pull it back from the byline. Haaland is left in space near the penalty spot and he hits the shot first time, drilling it low past Leno into the bottom corner. 5-1 City!,1
Julián ÁlvarezMan City · Midfielder #19City's final change is a double one. Alvarez is making way for Lewis.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Bobb also makes his senior debut for the club as he replaces Foden.,0
Mateo KovačićMan City · Midfielder #8Phillips is being given a rare chance as he comes on in place of Kovacic.,0
Harry WilsonFulham · Striker #8Traore also comes on to replace Wilson.,0
Raúl JiménezFulham · Striker #7Fulham are making another double change here. Jimenez goes off for Muniz.,0
Silva tracks back to stop Wilson's driving run and picks up a yellow card just minutes after coming onto the field.,2
Jérémy DokuMan City · Midfielder #11And Doku's debut comes to an early end as Gomez is brought on for him.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16City's first change is a double one. Rodri is taken off for Silva.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Striker #14De Cordova-Reid also makes way as Willian replaces him.,0
Kenny TeteFulham · Defender #2There's a double change for Fulham here. Tete is the first to go off, with Castagne coming on in his place to make his debut for the club.,0
enalty GoalHAALAND SCORES! It's a brilliant penalty from the Norwegian! He puts last week's penalty miss behind him as he goes for power here today. Leno dives the wrong way, but he wouldn't have gotten near it anywhere as he rifles it into the left side of the net. 4-1 City!,1
Pereira isn't happy with that penalty being awarded and his protests see him become the second Fulham player booked for dissent in this game.,2
AALAND SCORES! City pass it straight through the middle of Fulham as Rodri slides in Alvarez, who touches it towards the edge of the D. Ream sticks out a leg to try and cut it out, but instead helps it into Haaland's path. He's through on goal and makes no mistake as he slots it past Leno into the back of the net. 3-1 City!,1
De Cordova-Reid isn't happy about something, and his protests see him get booked for dissent.,2
sst: P. FodenAKE SCORES! City have a goal right before the break! Foden whips a brilliant corner into the box and Ake has a completely free header on the penalty spot. He thumps his header back towards the near post and it bounces into the bottom corner. After a VAR check to see if Akanji, in an offside position, is obstructing Leno, the goal stands. 2-1 City!,1
Robinson surges forward after intercepting the pass to Foden, but a heavy touch takes it away from him. He crashes into Akanji before he can slow down, taking the defender out, and receives a yellow card for it.,2
It's a really poor challenge from Diop as he stretches over the ball and steps on Doku's foot. He also goes into the referee's book.,2
Rodri couldn't get back to stop De Cordova-Reid, and he just pushed the forward off the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
REAM EQUALISES! Fulham weren't behind for long! They quickly work it upfield from the restart and win themselves a corner, which is swung into the box by Pereira. Jimenez peels away at the near post to strike it on the volley, and Ederson gets a hand to it. The ball bounces straight to Ream, who taps it in right on the line. 1-1!,1
Asst: E. HaalandALVAREZ SCORES! It's been coming in the last few minutes, and they've finally opened up Fulham! It's a brilliant throughball from Kovacic into Haaland, and Diop just gets caught wrong side. The Norwegian unselfishly squares it into the middle to pick out Alvarez, who is left with a simple tap-in. 1-0 City!,1
Tom CairneyFulham · Midfielder #10Cairney shakes his head as he makes his way off the pitch after treatment. He goes straight down the tunnel as Harris replaces him.,0
ilvestri is shown a yellow card by the referee for wasting time.,2
Mattia ZaccagniVerona · Midfielder #20Verona bring on Dawidowicz for Zaccagni in their final change of the contest.,0
Samu CastillejoMilan · Midfielder #7Castillejo is replaced by Serie A debutant Maldini for the final seconds. The four minutes of added time are officially up.,0
Borini fouls former team-mate Kessie and is shown a yellow card.,2
Verona midfielder Pessina is shown a yellow card for his challenge.,2
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Calabria is replaced by debutant Saelemaekers for the final 13 minutes.,0
Valerio VerreVerona · Striker #14Borini, loaned to Verona by Milan earlier this month, is on for Verre.,0
VERONA DOWN TO 10! The referee deems that challenge from Amrabat on Castillejo worthy of a red card after checking the pitchside monitor.,3
Giacomo BonaventuraMilan · Midfielder #5Bonaventura is replaced by Paqueta in the first of Milan's changes.,0
Milan are ending the half on top, with a couple more shots being blocked. Hernandez is caught out of position and shoves Amrabat off the ball to earn himself a booking.,2
GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! MILAN 1-1 VERONA!!! The home side win a free-kick around 28 yards from goal and Calhanoglu sees off competition from Castillejo to take it. The Turkey international's right-footed curler clips Verre on the end of the Verona wall and that deflection is enough to take it away from Silvestri.,1
Rebic tries to get away from Rrahmani but is thrown to the ground by his opponent, who is shown the first yellow card of the contest.,2
sst: M. ZaccagniGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! MILAN 0-1 VERONA!!! Faraoni gives the visitors an early lead - one that Juric will argue is deserved. A cross comes in from the left and Faraoni gets in front of Hernandez to guide a first-time finish past Donnarumma from a few yards out.,1
Asst: I. PerišićGOAL! 6-0 BAYERN! Tolisso finally grabs his goal as Red Star get caught in possession and he slots past Borjan at the near post.,1
Robert LewandowskiBayern · Striker #9Lewandowski will score no more here. He goes off to a rapturous reception. Muller replaces him up front for Bayern.,0
Njegoš PetrovićCrvena zvezda · Midfielder #20Red Star make their final change. Petrovic off. Ivanic on. ,0
Mateo GarcíaCrvena zvezda · Midfielder #11Red Star substitution. Garcia off. Pankov on. It's too late for them now though.,0
Javi MartínezBayern · Defender #8Bayern substitution. Martinez is replaced at the back by Kimmich.,0
sst: I. PerišićGOAL! 5-0 BAYERN! Lewandowski gets his fourth, slotting the ball into the bottom corner after some nice interplay involving Perisic on the edge of the box. That's four goals for him in 15 minutes!,1
sst: B. PavardGOAL! 4-0 BAYERN! Lewandowski gets his hat-trick as he cheekily nips in front of Borjan to nod Pavard's cross into the net.,1
José CañasCrvena zvezda · Midfielder #87Red Star make a change of their own. Canas off. Vulic on. ,0
Philippe CoutinhoBayern · Striker #10With the job seemingly done, Bayern boss Hans-Dieter Flick decides to call Coutinho off for a rest. Perisic comes on for him.,0
sst: C. TolissoGOAL! 3-0 BAYERN! Tolisso connects with Coutinho's corner and looks to head wide, but Lewandowski is there to poke it past Borjan at close range! The man's a born finisher.,1
enalty GoalGOAL! 2-0 BAYERN! Lewandowski takes a stuttering run-up before smashing the ball past Borjan. There was never any doubt where that was going. Bayern are cruising now.,1
Asst: P. CoutinhoGOAL! 1-0 BAYERN! Goretzka gets a lovely header on the end of Coutinho's cross from the right. It loops over Borjan and into the far corner of the net. The keeper had no chance.,1
Luuk de JongPSV · Striker #9Having quite possibly scored the decisive goal today, De Jong departs just before the final whistle; Pepi replaces him up front.,0
Hirving LozanoPSV · Midfielder #27Vertessen is also sent on for the final few seconds, as Lozano trots towards the sideline.,0
OFF! As expected, Lens' ill discipline finally results in the visitors going down to 10 men! Guilavogui catches Boscagli with a mistimed challenge and picks up his second booking since arriving from the bench!,3
Elye WahiLens · Striker #9Desperate times call for desperate measures, so top marksman Wahi is withdrawn. Said is sent on with instructions to grab Lens a late leveller!,0
Having clearly stepped on Schouten's foot in midfield, Guilavogui receives a yellow card not long after leaving the bench.,2
Deiver MachadoLens · Midfielder #3In search of a late leveller, Haise calls upon his replacements again. First, Machado makes way for Haidara.,0
Guus TilPSV · Midfielder #20Tillman is introduced too, with Til making way.,0
Nampalys MendyLens · Midfielder #26Mendy is also withdrawn, and El Aynaoui replaces the Senegal international in midfield.,0
Joey VeermanPSV · Midfielder #23PSV also make a double substitution: first, Veerman is replaced by Saibari.,0
Adrien ThomassonLens · Midfielder #28Reversing the only change to his starting lineup from last month's game in Lens, Haise sends on Fulgini for Thomasson.,0
After collecting the ball inside his six-yard box following a free-kick, Samba collides with De Jong. No free-kick is given, and Medina's protests see the Argentinian join both of his back-three colleagues in the book.,2
A fifth Lens booking: Gradit deliberately steps on De Jong's foot and joins several team-mates in the referee's notebook.,2
otoca angrily complains and then drags the prone Ramalho back to his feet, so becomes the fourth Lens man to see yellow already.,2
ow back to his feet, Ramalho is also booked for committing the initial foul on Wahi.,2
ahi protests as he becomes the third Lens player booked in a matter of minutes, after bringing down Ramalho in midfield.,2
aving tussled with De Jong and dragged the Dutch striker to the turf, Danso joins Machado in the referee's notebook.,2
After a clear push on Danso as the pair battle for possession deep in Lens territory, Lozano receives the game's first booking.,2
sst: J. BakayokoPSV LEAD! The home fans roar their approval as PSV captain De Jong heads home a trademark opening goal! Meeting Bakayoko's inswinging cross from the right near the penalty spot, the veteran striker holds off his marker and steers the ball past Samba and into the top-right corner: 1-0!,1
Rasmus HøjlundMan United · Striker #11Fernandes, almost acting as a second right-back alongside Dalot, makes a wonderful recovery tackle on Digne. That stoppage in play allows Ten Hag to bring off Hojlund, the scorer of the first goal, for Evans.,0
Kobbie MainooMan United · Midfielder #37Mainoo has acted with expert brilliance belying his young age, despite playing on thin ice from his first-half yellow card. The United youngster comes off for Amrabat, who returns for the Red Devils after his Africa Cup of Nations with Morocco.,0
Àlex MorenoAston Villa · Defender #15Digne makes his return from injury for the closing stages, replacing left-back Moreno.,0
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7Emery enters last-chance saloon. Villa send on attacker Zaniolo for holding-midfielder McGinn.,0
Asst: D. DalotGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! UNITED HIT THE FRONT ONCE MORE! The away end explodes into chaotic celebrations as the Red Devils make it 2-1 with just over four minutes remaining. Having failed to beat Moreno moments before, Dalot makes amends with a delightful right-wing cross. McTominay has the run on Cash at the back post and powers a thumping header through the hands of Martinez. The Villa goalkeeper has no time to react and United’s Champions League dream is back alive!,1
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Seemingly taking the defensive option, Ten Hag brings off winger Rashford for McTominay. That change may see Fernandes shifted out to the flanks.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Having caused Lindelof a fair few problems, Bailey's game comes to an end as Tielemans takes his place for Villa.,0
In the build-up to Garnacho’s chance, Diaby takes the heels of Fernandes. Referee Jones remembers that, and cautions the Villa winger for his cynical trip near the left-hand touchline.,2
OOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! VILLA EQUALISE! Finally, the hosts have their much-needed breakthrough as Luiz levels to make it 1-1. United survive the first scare from a corner as Onana denies Lenglet from point-blank range. The visitors scramble a clearance out to Diaby, who crashes a second volleyed delivery back into the six-yard box. Luiz is there, readying and waiting to tap into the roof of the net with a right-footed reactionary finish!,1
Boubacar KamaraAston Villa · Midfielder #44Kamara is unable to continue and Emery reacts by sending on winger Diaby for the midfielder. His introduction may see Ramsey move further back, or McGinn could go and slot alongside Luiz in the base of Villa's midfield.,0
erhaps struggling with the slippery surface, Cash scrambles and steams through Rashford with a lunging tackle from behind. The Villa right-back is cautioned by referee Jones, with Cash now facing a nervy final half-hour against the United winger.,2
Luke ShawMan United · Defender #23Ten Hag is forced into a half-time change, sending on Lindelof for Shaw, who seems to have suffered a first-half injury. Bailey may fancy his chances against the makeshift United left-back.,0
Lenglet is also cautioned at the same time as Mainoo, seemingly for dissent towards the referee following the United midfielder's tactical foul on McGinn.,2
Dalot overlaps Garnacho and wins a right-sided corner from Moreno's recovering challenge. From the same place as Hojlund's opener came from, Fernandes opts to go short this time. Mainoo eventually crosses but fails to beat the first man before committing a cynical foul on McGinn, earning the second yellow card of this game.,2
It is an easy decision for referee Jones, who cautions Casemiro for catching the heels of Cash. The Villa right-back was bursting down the right-hand side and the United midfielder is perhaps fortunate to escape further punishment for his eccentric reaction.,2
Asst: H. MaguireGOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 UNITED! Villa do not heed the warning signs from the visitors’ set-pieces and the hosts pay the penalty! Fernandes swings another right-sided corner towards the far post, where Maguire towers above Kamara to redirect back into a dangerous area. Hojlund just stays onside and finishes past Martinez with a simple left-footed volley!,1
Casemiro is booked for a cynical foul, dragging Camarasa back in midfield. ,2
Miguel GutiérrezReal Madrid · Defender #35An apparent injury to Gutierrez - who has been industrious all match - forces Ancelotti into a change. Rodrygo is the man chosen to replace him - dropping Vazquez back into full-back. ,0
Sergio CanalesReal Betis · Midfielder #10Joaquin makes an appearance as Pellegrini continues to shuffle his pack looking for the equaliser. It's Canales who's replaced. ,0
azard is shown a yellow card two minutes after coming onto the pitch for wasting time.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Hazard will get an opportunity to trouble the Betis defence as Vinicius is taken off with 12 minutes left in the contest. ,0
JuanmiReal Betis · Striker #7Iglesias gets onto the pitch with 13 minutes remaining, as Pellegrini takes Juanmi off. ,0
Aitor RuibalReal Betis · Midfielder #24Pellegrini makes two changes at one time as Tello is also sent on for Ruibal.,0
Andrés GuardadoReal Betis · Midfielder #18Real Betis make a change with 20 minutes left to go in the match, as Guardado makes way for Camarasa.,0
Gareth BaleReal Madrid · Striker #18Asensio is brought on at the same time as Bale is withdrawn after 66 minutes.,0
IscoReal Madrid · Midfielder #22Ancelotti makes a change as Isco is replaced by Vazquez with just under 25 minutes remaining.,0
sst: K. BenzemaREAL MADRID FIND THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0 LOS BLANCOS! It’s a fantastic strike as Vinicius races to the byline to keep the ball in play, laying it back to the waiting Benzema. The striker picks his head up and sends a cross to the far post for Carvajal, whose sliding volley finds the back of the net!,1
ontoya is booked for blocking the path of Vinicius, who looked to be away on a counter-attack.,2
Ruibal’s late challenge from behind on Vinicius earns the winger a yellow card of his own.,2
Canales whacks Gutierrez in the face with a trailing elbow, earning the Betis midfielder a yellow card.,2
Gutierrez is shown a yellow card for an infringement during a physical duel for the ball.,2
Pezzella is shown a yellow card for dissent after giving the referee a piece of his mind following the Gutierrez booking, which the Betis defender doesn’t feel is enough.,2
ekir gets into the penalty area in the shadow of Valverde and opts to go down instead of firing a shot on goal. The referee spots the dive immediately and books the Betis forward for simulation despite protestations from the home side.,2
akimi desperately takes down Kimmich in midfield and is shown a late yellow card, compounding a frustrating match, tie, and overall European campaign for Paris Saint-Germain.,2
sst: J. CanceloGOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! The quarter-finals, signed, sealed and delivered!! PSG throw numbers forward but Bayern win possession back, and Cancelo makes a break down the right. He links up with his fellow substitute Gnabry via a fantastic throughball, and Gnabry dinks the ball over Donnarumma to find the back of the net! What an impact made late on by the pair, and that 2-0 scoreline gives Bayern a 3-0 threshold on aggregate!,1
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Muller is also withdrawn, and Joao Cancelo will see out the last few minutes as Bayern look to keep PSG at arm's length.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Coman hasn't had the impact he did in the first leg, but has still be crucial to Bayern maintaining control of this tie, and the Frenchman comes off late for Serge Gnabry.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42The ever-impressive Musiala is latest off for Bayern, as the hosts bring Sadio Mane on for a late cameo.,0
Nuno MendesPSG · Midfielder #25PSG also make an alteration at left-back, as Mendes is replaced by Juan Bernat.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17PSG make more late changes to reinforce their attack, and Vitinha is the latest brought off, for Hugo Ekitike.,0
Fabián RuizPSG · Midfielder #8Ruiz is withdrawn in PSG's latest substitution, and teenage playmaker Warren Zaire-Emery, who started the first leg at the Parc des Princes and actually turns 17-year-old today, replaces him!,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13The goalscorer Choupo-Moting comes off having more than played his part for Bayern, and Leroy Sane takes his place to add even more pace to this dynamic Bavarian frontline.,0
Asst: L. GoretzkaGOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! They won't be denied this time!!! Bayern's relentless pressing forces a rushed pass out of defence from Bitshiabu to Verratti, who is easily dispossessed by the double act of Muller and Goretzka. The latter comes up with the ball and squares to Choupo-Moting, who slots the opening goal home to double Bayern's advantage on aggregate! 1-0 on the night, and 2-0 overall, and it's going to take something special for PSG to claw their way back from here!,1
Nordi MukielePSG · Defender #26In what must be one of the shortest mid-game displays in Champions League history, Mukiele comes off after replacing Marquinhos in the first half - to be replaced by youngster El Chadaille Bitshiabu for PSG.,0
MarquinhosPSG · Defender #5Marquinhos isn't looking at all well and eventually goes down, bringing the game to a stop. He looks to have injured his hip, so Nordi Mukiele comes on for the PSG captain in what will be a worrying blow for Christophe Galtier's side.,0
Silva kicks the ball away to stop Arsenal from taking a quick free-kick and he's booked for dissent.,2
Rodri took his shirt off in celebration of his goal, so he's shown a yellow card.,2
RODRI SCORES! It's been coming, and City have finally taken the lead! It's a brilliant cross into the box by De Bruyne which White glances on as far as Laporte. He manages to block the Spaniard's shot, but it bounces straight to Rodri's feet. He coolly slots it past Ramsdale and into the bottom corner. 2-1 City! ,1
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Final change for Arsenal now and it's their goal scorer, Saka, that's going off, with Elneny on in his place. ,0
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Second change for Arsenal now as Smith Rowe comes on to replace Lacazette.,0
De Bruyne is breaking for City and Holding tugs him back by his arm. There's not a lot in it, but he's booked.,2
acazette was fouled by Rodri and the Arsenal players are surrounding the referee asking why the Spaniard hasn't been booked. Saka's protests catch his attention and he's booked for dissent.,2
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8It's Odegaard going off for Arsenal, and he's still arguing with the referee on his way off. Holding comes on in his place.,0
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9Both sides are making a change here, starting with City. Jesus goes off to boos from the Arsenal fans for his part in Gabriel's sending off, with Gundogan on for him.,0
ABRIEL IS OFF! Just two minutes after receiving his first booking, Gabriel is given a second! Both of them are unnecessary yellows, with his second coming for blocking Jesus' run off in the centre circle. There's no need for the challenge and Arsenal are down to 10 men! ,3
abriel is shown a yellow card for scuffing up the spot before Mahrez steps up to take the penalty.,2
Penalty GoalMAHREZ SCORES! He had to wait a while to take the penalty after it was awarded, but he kept a cool head. It's a brilliant spot-kick as he sends Ramsdale the wrong way and fires his shot into the back of the net. 1-1! ,1
Xhaka is called over, and he's shown a yellow card for the challenge he committed for the penalty.,2
sst: K. TierneySAKA SCORES! It's another great counter from Arsenal as they switch it from right to left and Tierney has time and space to pick out a cross. He curls it into Saka who keeps his cool just inside the box to slot it past Ederson and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Arsenal! ,1
RaphinhaLeeds United · Midfielder #18Raphinha limps off and Shackleton replaces the Brazilian for the closing stages.,0
Fernandinho, perhaps more out of frustration than malice, hacks down Raphinha and becomes the next name in referee Marriner's book.,2
Asst: E. AlioskiGOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL!! 2-1 LEEDS! Costa and Alioski exchange a one-two on the left and Dallas goes roaming through the middle. Alioski rolls in his team-mate, who gets in between Stones and Fernandinho, reaching the edge of the area before sliding a right-footed strike through the legs of Ederson. Leeds are on the verge of a memorable victory against Guardiola’s men!,1
Raphinha's skill sends Silva the wrong way and the Portuguese midfielder brings him down with a slide tackle. Marriner has no option but to add Silva to his list of cautions from this fixture.,2
Asst: B. SilvaGOOOOOOALLLLL! CITY EQUALISE TO MAKE IT 1-1! After waves and waves of pressure, Torres curls a right-footed finish into the bottom left corner. Initially, Fernandinho found the feet of Silva, who poked through for his Spanish team-mate inside the area to equalise for the hosts. VAR has a quick check of Silva’s position for offside before allowing the goal to stand.,1
Benjamin MendyMan City · Defender #22After an important goal in midweek, Guardiola sends on Foden for Mendy in an attempt to inject some extra energy to City's attacking play.,0
Alioski lunges into a sliding tackle on Torres and becomes the next man in Marriner's book. Not only does the left-back pick up a caution, he also offers the home side a free-kick in a good position out wide.,2
Tyler RobertsLeeds United · Midfielder #11Bielsa opts for a more defensive change in midfield as he sends on Koch for Roberts. The German will sit in front of Leeds' back four in an attempt to protect their one-goal lead.,0
Nathan AkéMan City · Defender #6Guardiola signals his attacking intentions as he sends on Gundogan for Ake. Given Ake's removal, Fernandinho will now drop into centre-back alongside Stones.,0
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Bamford is the man forced to come off as Bielsa brings on Struijk to cover for Cooper's dismissal.,0
ED CARD! Marriner consults the monitor on the touchline and deems Cooper’s sliding tackle to have been worthy of a sending off. Leeds’ captain had smashed into the Brazilian with a sliding tackle and he is deemed to have used excessive force in the challenge. The referee overturns the original yellow card and gives Cooper his marching orders!,3
Asst: P. BamfordGOOOOALLLLL!!!! 1-0 LEEDS! Costa latches onto Cooper’s optimistic long ball, prodding inside to Bamford. The English forward shapes to shoot but instead plays to Dallas, who drills a right-footed strike towards goal from the edge of the area. The Northern Irishman’s effort smashes into the left-hand post before nestling in the back of the net. Ederson can do nothing as he watches Dallas’ strike go in off the post!,1
endy's header puts Ake in trouble and the centre-back hacks down Bamford with a late tackle in the left-hand channel. Unsurprisingly, Ake becomes the first name in Marriner's book.,2
Diego CostaWolves · Striker #29Costa's night is over as he makes way for Hwang.,0
Asst: O. ÉdouardGOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! WHO ELSE BUT ZAHA?! It's a counterattack situation, and Edouard attracts the defender and lays it off to Zaha. The winger, who had a chance saved moments earlier, picks his shot, and fires one home. Crystal Palace 2-1 Wolves.,1
Matheus NunesWolves · Midfielder #27Hodge will also come on for Nunes.,0
Adama TraoréWolves · Midfielder #37Wolves waste no time making changes, with Traore coming on for Guedes.,0
Asst: M. OliseGOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLL! CRYSTAL PALACE WITH AN INSTANT RESPONSE! Eze is completely open and receives the ball from the other end of the box. He heads it downwards, and it bounces once before going in past Sa, with the Wolves defenders ball-watching. Crystal Palace 1-1 Wolves.,1
ard also receives a yellow after slamming into Podence when going up for a ball. The Wolves player is down and receiving treatment from medical staff now.,2
Asst: H. BuenoGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! That is certainly against the run of play! Adama Traore heads in the ball from a cross by Bueno. The home crowd are silenced and Adama Traore's name is being chanted loud and clear from the away end. Crystal Palace 0-1 Wolves.,1
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Mustafi replaces Lacazette to shore up the Arsenal defence for the dying minutes.,0
sst: C. Hudson-OdoiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ABRAHAM GETS A GOAL BACK FOR CHELSEA!!! 3-1!!!! After a VAR review Chelsea back in the game. The linesman initially puts his flag up as Abraham chests a cross from Hudson-Odoi past Leno. However, Bellerin plays the forward onside as he converts to give Chelsea a glmmer of hope.,1
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7Kante is replaced by Havertz for the closing 16 minutes of the game.,0
hiago Silva goes into the book for a hand to the head of Lacazette in an aerial duel.,2
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Midfielder #35Martinelli is withdrawn by Arteta and is replaced by Pepe.,0
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Midfielder #32Smith Rowe is withdrawn for Willock in the middle of the park.,0
sst: E. Smith RoweGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SAKA MAKES IT THREE!!!!! 3-0 ARSENAL!!!!! The home side notch a crucial third goal as Saka bends an effort into the net with the aid of the left post. Smith Rowe works the ball to the winger, who has acres of space and time on the edge of the box. He connects with a cross or a strike on his right foot - only Saka will know. The only outcome that matters is that the ball drifts over Mendy and into the back of the net.,1
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Lampard responds at the break by hooking Werner and replacing him with Hudson-Odoi.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Kovacic is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Jorginho.,0
WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!! XHAKA SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 2-0!!!! Kante pays the price for his foul on Saka as Xhaka bends the resulting free-kick into the top-right corner. The midfielder bends his effort over the wall with power and beyond the outstretched hand of Mendy. A super strike.,1
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LACAZETTE CONVERTS!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!!! The Gunners take the lead as the Frenchman converts from 12 yards. Lacazette hammers his effort low and hard wtih his right foot away from Mendy into the bottom-right corner.,1
Ethan AmpaduSheffield United · Defender #22Heckingbottom makes a late change now, replacing Ampadu with Bogle for the final few minutes.,0
tevens now goes into the book for a poor challenge on the lively Traore out wide.,2
Willian JoséWolves · Striker #12Nuno responds with a change of his own, swapping goalscorer Willian Jose for Silva up front.,0
Rhian BrewsterSheffield United · Midfielder #24Brewster is the next to make way, with Burke providing fresh legs up front for the final 15 minutes of normal time.,0
Ben OsbornSheffield United · Midfielder #23Heckingbottom makes a double-change now as he looks for an equalising goal. Osborn is the first to go off, with an extra striker in Mousset coming on.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Midfielder #10Podence, having just been booked, is now replaced, with Vitinha coming on for him.,0
Podence is the first Wolves player to go into the book now, as he's penalised for his challenge on Brewster.,2
Asst: AdamaGOAL!!! WOLVES TAKE THE LEAD!! Traore races down the right and jinks into space before fizzing a low cross into the six-yard box that Willian Jose turns home! Relegation looms for Sheffield United now. It's 1-0 to Wolves!,1
There's a coming-together between Brewster and Ait-Nouri as the latter tries to win the ball and stands on the former's foot, but is simultaneously taken out by the Sheffield United striker. Both players are down and in pain. Only Brewster goes into the book, however, with the Wolves left-back somewhat fortunate to escape serious disciplinary action. The VAR has not intervened.,2
One final yellow card (you would assume) as Chambers completely wipes out Grealish...it wasn't particularly subtle.,2
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47And this one is a little bit of a shame for the neutral. Foden gets a standing ovation from the Etihad faithful and exits to a huge reception. Youngster Bobb comes on his place. What a truly magnificent showing from Foden this evening.,0
Jérémy DokuMan City · Midfielder #11Another change for City here as the lively Doku goes off to be replaced by Gomez.,0
Nicolò ZanioloAston Villa · Midfielder #22It's the last change of the evening from Villa as Zaniolo is replaced by youngster Kellyman.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20And off comes Silva, who has been industrious all evening, with Kovacic taking his place.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Guardiola goes to the bench and Rodri gets a great reception as he exits play to be replaced by Nunes.,0
Jhon DuránAston Villa · Striker #24Emery takes Duran off for Moreno, but frankly the horse has bolted, this race is finished.,0
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! AND WHAT A GOAL IT IS! It's a hat-trick for Foden and it is utterly brilliant. He initially lost the ball wanting a free-kick but worked brilliantly to get it back. He then shifts it onto his left foot and finds the top-right corner from 20 yards despite slipping! Three for Foden, four for City, stick the fork in this one because it is well and truly done. 4-1 to City.,1
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6And the final change sees Luiz leave the field to be replaced by Chambers.,0
Moussa DiabyAston Villa · Midfielder #19Bailey, the match-winner when these sides met in December, comes on to replace Diaby.,0
Tim IroegbunamAston Villa · Midfielder #47Emery turns to his bench with a triple substitution, the first of which sees Iroegbunam replaced by Tielemans.,0
Asst: RodriGOOOOOOOOAL! It's that man Foden again! Rodri had a little break initially with a pass that came back to him but the quick shift of his feet before laying to Foden on the edge of the box was sublime, as was the low finish into the bottom-right corner from the frankly excellent Foden. City lead 3-1 and that could be game, set and indeed match.,1
GOOOOOOOOOOAL! What a quickly lovely effort that is from Foden! The foul from Luiz now looks a little reckless as the England ace, who is having a quite wonderful season, bends a lovely effort through the wall. From a Villa point of view Zaniolo bafflingly comes away from the wall, what on earth was he thinking? City lead 2-1!,1
his time it's City supporters with the ironic cheers as Grealish is careering down on goal then crudely pulled back by ex-City midfielder Luiz. As clear a yellow as you're ever likely to see.,2
The first yellow card card of the evening goes to Grealish, which gets the customary ironic cheers from the away end. The former Villa man had a few too many choice words for Darren England and into the book for dissent he goes.,2
Asst: M. RogersGOOOOOOOOAL! Can you believe it?! Villa are level here! Duran picks up the ball in a promising position down the left, he plays a well-worked one-two with Rogers, he collects the ball back in the left of the penalty area and coolly slots past Ortega! Another quick VAR check shows Duran is onside.,1
Asst: J. DokuGOOOOOOOOOOAL! City have the lead and it's absolutely lovely from the hosts. Foden slips an excellent ball into the right flank for Doku, who cuts it back for Rodri - who had made an excellent run into the area - to fire high into the roof of the goal. There is a VAR check but Doku is onside and the hosts are 1-0 ahead!,1
Asst: M. GötzeGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ALIDOU HEADS HOME!!!!!! 3-2!!! Frankfurt have a glimmer of hope as Alidou plants a header into the back of the net from close range. Gotze puts his corner on the money from the left flank and Alidou rises highest to direct his header away from Lloris into the back of the net. Lloris' costly fumble from Borre's effort has opened up the game for the visitors late on.,1
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7Son makes way after a brilliant two-goal performance. Moura replaces the forward.,0
Pierre-Emile HøjbjergTottenham · Midfielder #5Hojbjerg is withdrawn by Conte for the final five minutes and is replaced by Gil.,0
Sessegnon lunges in on Ebimbe and fails to win the ball. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Daichi KamadaEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #15The Frankfurt goalscorer Kamada is replaced by Gotze for the final 12 minutes.,0
Eric DierTottenham · Defender #15Dier is withdrawn after receiving a booking in the first half. Sanchez replaces the defender, who did not have his best outing tonight.,0
Christopher LenzEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #25Alidou comes on for Lenz down the left flank for Frankfurt.,0
Makoto HasebeEintracht Frankfurt · Defender #20The injured Hasebe is withdrawn for Ebimbe for the visitors.,0
Randal Kolo MuaniEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #9Borre makes his way on to the pitch to replace Kolo Muani in the final third.,0
RicharlisonTottenham · Striker #9Skipp enters the action to replace Richarlison for the home side.,0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Bentancur is withdrawn for the hosts in the middle of the park for Bissouma.,0
Hasebe for his challenge on Kane before Son is fouled by Tuta. Another blow for Frankfurt.,2
OFF! Tuta pulls back Son again and receives his second yellow card and then a red. The referee had to be reminded that he booked the Frankfurt defender not three minutes ago.,3
Son runs at Tuta down the left flank and draws a foul from the Frankfurt defender. Tuta is booked for his loose challenge.,2
Bentancur slides in on Rode with a strong challenge and gets the man first. He is booked by the referee.,2
sst: P. HøjbjergGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SON MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-1 TOTTENHAM!!!!! Son produces a special finish on his left foot to put Spurs in control of the game. Hojbjerg raids down the right flank and digs out a cross towards the penalty spot. Son takes it out of the air first-time on his left foot, blasting a super effort past Trapp before he can react.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KANE CONVERTS!!!!!! 2-1 TOTTENHAM!!!! Kane punishes Jakic and Frankfurt as he rifles his penalty into the back of the net. He places his right-footed strike high and away from Trapp into the back of the net. Tottenham have come from behind to take the lead.,1
sst: H. KaneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SON PRODUCES A COOL FINISH!!!!! 1-1!!!! Tottenham respond with a clinical move that Son finishes with a fine strike. Kane cuts open the Frankfurt defence with an incisive throughball for Son. The forward takes it in stride and bears down on goal, beating Trapp to his left with precision to find the bottom-right corner.,1
Asst: S. RodeGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KAMADA FIRES FRANKFURT AHEAD AFTER A DIER MISTAKE!!!!! Kamada profits from a mistake by Dier to slot home a strike from close range. Dier loses possession inside his own box with a loose touch and it allows Lindstrom to gather. He places a dangerous low cross into the middle that Lloris knocks away from Kolo Muani. Rode pounces and steers a pass straight to Kamada, who holds his nerve to find the net.,1
Dier takes out Kolo Muani on the charge and goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HWANG HAS A DEBUT GOAL!!!!!! 2-0 WOLVES!!!!! The visitors double their lead as two substitutes combine to surely get the Midlands outfit off the mark this season. Podence opens up the Watford defence with a neat turn in the right-inside channel. He supplies a perfect cross to the back post. Marcal steers an effort towards goal that is blocked, but Hwang pounces on the rebound and hammers home his strike.,1
Adama TraoréWolves · Striker #37Lage opts to withdraw Traore for the final nine minutes as Podence makes his way on to the pitch.,0
Oghenekaro EteboWatford · Midfielder #4Etebo is withdrawn for Sema, which allows the Hornets to send another forward into the final third.,0
arcal joins his opposite number in the book as he clips Sarr on the charge.,2
ose brings down Traore with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Francisco TrincãoWolves · Striker #11Lage hands a debut to Wolves' new signing Hwang in the final third. Trincao makes way for the visitors.,0
Joshua KingWatford · Striker #7Hernandez enters the action in the final third to replace King.,0
tebo blocks off the run of Trincao down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
Álex BaenaVillarreal · Midfielder #16Baena went close with several attempts without scoring today, and he is now replaced by Mojica as Quique Setien seeks to secure a famous victory for Villarreal.,0
Samuel ChukwuezeVillarreal · Striker #11Perhaps set to be the match-winning hero, Chukwueze makes way for Femenia to come on.,0
Asst: Á. BaenaCHUKWUEZE STRIKES AGAIN! A brilliant curling effort from the edge of the box puts Villarreal ahead! Having exchanged the ball with Baena on the right, he dips his shoulder and opens up space before picking out the far corner and leaving Courtois well beaten! It's 3-2 to the Yellow Submarine, and have they sunk mighty Madrid here?,1
Dani CeballosReal Madrid · Midfielder #19Camavinga is now introduced in the Madrid midfield, with Ceballos withdrawn to make way.,0
Aurélien TchouaméniReal Madrid · Midfielder #18Ancelotti calls on the experience of Modric to steady the ship, as Tchouameni makes way in midfield.,0
VILLARREAL LEVEL AGAIN! After it was initially ruled out by the referee, the visitors' second equaliser now stands! Chukwueze broke through on the right side of the box, then when it broke for Morales in the centre, at the second attempt the substitute turned it past Courtois from close range! The VAR corrects the decision and it's 2-2 at Bernabeu!,1
or his latest foul on Vinicius - this time a slight tug on the Brazilian's shirt - Foyth is shown a yellow card for repeat offending.,2
Yeremy PinoVillarreal · Striker #21Pino is also withdrawn, with Moreno coming on in the young winger's place.,0
Giovani Lo CelsoVillarreal · Striker #17Quique Setien switches around his attacking lineup, as Lo Celso makes way for Morales.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9As Benzema is rested ahead of next week's Champions League tie, Valverde comes on for Madrid.,0
Asst: D. CeballosREAL BACK IN FRONT! Not long after the interval, the hosts go 2-1 up! After taking the ball from Ceballos and driving into the box before powering past Mandi and Chukwueze, a composed Vinicius finishes the move by placing the ball past Reina from close range!,1
David AlabaReal Madrid · Defender #4Not emerging for the second half, Alaba is withdrawn from the Real Madrid defence; Militao has been sent on in his place.,0
Asst: G. Lo CelsoVILLARREAL PULL LEVEL! Rewarded for their attacking endeavour, the visitors equalise! Chukwueze receives a clever throughball from Lo Celso, then dances past Nacho with ease before picking out the bottom-left corner! It's 1-1 at Bernabeu, and there's surely more goals to come!,1
For clipping Asensio deep inside his own half, Pedraza is perhaps rather harshly booked by the referee.,2
Ramon TerratsVillarreal · Midfielder #39An early tactical switch from Quique Setien sees Trigueros brought on to replace Terrats in midfield. The latter is not happy at his withdrawal and walks straight down the tunnel.,0
A late lunge on Rudiger brings the big defender down and earns Pino the game's first yellow card.,2
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Inter also make a switch on the right wing, as Dumfries' departure offers Bellanova a brief cameo.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20An impressive performance from Calhanoglu comes to an end: Darmian will be the midfielder's replacement.,0
Lorenzo PirolaSalernitana · Defender #98Inter loanee Pirola also comes off; Sambia replaces him.,0
Pasquale MazzocchiSalernitana · Defender #30Salernitana captain Mazzocchi is replaced by Bronn for the final few minutes at San Siro.,0
Tonny VilhenaSalernitana · Midfielder #10Nicola opts for another substitution, as he seeks a way back into the game: Vilhena is replaced by Bohinen.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9After another solid shift up front, Dzeko is replaced by Correa, who completes his return from injury.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Inter also throw on fresh legs in midfield, as veteran playmaker Mkhitaryan makes way for young Asllani.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Having apparently picked up a minor knock, Dimarco is replaced by Gosens on Inter's left flank.,0
Grigoris KastanosSalernitana · Midfielder #20Kastanos also makes way for Salernitana, as Valencia comes on.,0
Krzysztof PiątekSalernitana · Striker #99Davide Nicola reacts immediately to going two goals behind. First, Bonazzoli replaces Piatek up front.,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluINTER DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Some shambolic play in midfield by Salernitana - with Vilhena the chief culprit - allows an increasingly passive Inter to spring a counter-attack. Calhanoglu needs no invitation to take advantage: delivering a ball to Barella in the box. The midfielder takes two touches to control the ball before thumping it past a stranded Sepe and into the bottom-right corner!,1
or an aggressive and ill-timed tackle on Dumfries near the Salernitana area, Daniliuc receives the game's first booking.,2
Asst: N. BarellaINTER LEAD! With his fourth league goal of the season, Martinez breaks the deadlock! Dumfries and Barella combine on the right side of the box, before the latter plays in 'El Toro'; he takes a touch before unleashing a low drive past Sepe, who was beaten by a bounce just before it reached him. It's 1-0 to the Nerazzurri!,1
apaldo is booked for Salzburg, meaning that he'll miss the next match.,2
Noah OkaforRB Salzburg · Striker #77Okafor, arguably tonight's man-of-the-match, is replaced by youngster Roko Simic.,0
Karim AdeyemiRB Salzburg · Striker #27Adeyemi has been impressive once again, and is brought off for Chukwubuike Adamu.,0
Andreas UlmerRB Salzburg · Defender #17Sazlburg captain Ulmer is brought off by Matthias Jiassle, and is replaced by Daouda Guindo.,0
Asst: BernardoGOOOALLLL!!! IT'S THREE!!!! Yet another poor piece of defending from Wolfsburg at the corner, at Bernardo is easily able to nod down the Sucic cross. It finds the unmarked Okafor, who has all the time in the world to finish beyond Casteels for his second!!! Surely no way back for Mark van Bommel's Wolfsburg now.,1
Maximilian WöberRB Salzburg · Defender #39Wober, who picked up a knock just after Salzburg's second goal, is replaced by Bernardo.,0
Ridle BakuWolfsburg · Midfielder #20The younger Nmecha brother, Felix, comes on for Wolfsburg in place of the largely anonymous Baku.,0
Jérôme RoussillonWolfsburg · Defender #15Roussillon comes off for Wolfsburg, and Paulo Otavio takes his place.,0
Mohamed CamaraRB Salzburg · Midfielder #19The yellow-carded Camara is replaced in Salzburg's first change, by the Argentinian midfielder Nicolas Capaldo.,0
GOOOALLLL!!!! Salzburg are back in front!!! It's Okafor who capitalises on a scramble in the Wolfsburg box, reacting quicker than any of the defenders to squeeze the ball past Casteels! He makes it 2-1 to Salzburg, and Okafor really deserves that goal, he's been excellent in this match.,1
Sucic breaks forward for Salzburg with pace, but is fouled by Mbabu as he looks to pick a pass. Mbabu is booked as a result.,2
Arnold and Camara both stretch to win a loose ball, and the latter catches the Wolfsburg captain's trailing leg. He's given the first booking of the match for his troubles.,2
Asst: M. ArnoldGOOOALLLL!!! Wolfsburg equalise!!! It's a freak goal, but the away side won't care. An Arnold corner is swung right into the six-yard box, and Nmecha just ghosts in between the Salzburg defenders to head the ball into the far corner!!! 1-1, and Wolfsburg aren't just here to make up the numbers!,1
Asst: N. SeiwaldGOOOALLLL!!! WHAT A START FOR THE HOME SIDE!!! Salzburg fly forward and Adeyemi nips in behind a dazed Mbabu, who really should have dealt with that, to easily finish beyond Casteels and put the Red Bulls 1-0 up!!! Awful Wolfsburg defending, but Adeyemi won't care as his stock rises higher and higher!,1
Kulusevski leads the counter charge for Spurs and links up with Donley on his left, but the substitute loses the ball and pulls back Maupay, bringing a potential Bees break to a halt and earning himself a late yellow card!,2
Timo WernerTottenham · Midfielder #16Werner has been the standout in this half for Spurs, being instrumental in two of the three goals in that lightning-fast turnaround. Youngster Jamie Donley will take his place, as we enter an elongated period of added time.,0
Yarmoliuk climbs up the back of Udogie to get on the end of a high ball, sparking another all-in fracas which ends with a Spurs free-kick and a yellow card for the Brentford substitute.,2
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Janelt comes off for Brentford in one of two late changes, with Shandon Baptiste hoping to provide the visitors with some late, late spark in the final third.,0
Keane Lewis-PotterBrentford · Midfielder #23Mikkel Damsgaard is also thrown on for the final stages of this one and will take Lewis-Potter's place out wide.,0
James MaddisonTottenham · Midfielder #10Maddison has pulled up with cramp for Spurs having been one of the key players on his first appearance since November, and not wanting to risk him further, the England midfielder is withdrawn for January signing Radu Dragusin to make his home debut at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.,0
Mads RoerslevBrentford · Midfielder #30Joshua Dasilva also comes on with the Bees in the hunt for an equaliser, and he'll replace Roerslev for the final 12 or so minutes here.,0
Nathan CollinsBrentford · Defender #22Collins comes off in Brentford's latest change, and he'll be replaced in central defence by Kristoffer Ajer.,0
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Brentford aren't quite done yet!!! Udogie slips as he makes a back-pass towards Vicario, and Toney, who had stayed high up the pitch, is straight onto it. The striker's not offside as the ball came from a Spurs player, and he draws the Spurs goalkeeper before drilling into the bottom-left corner!!! Out of absolutely nowhere, Brentford reduce the deficit to 3-2, and we've got one hell of a game on our hands in the final 25 minutes here!,1
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8It's Jensen who comes off rather than the tightrope-walking Norgaard, as Yehor Yarmoliuk enters the fray in Brentford's midfield.,0
OOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! There's the third!!! Udogie canters into wide open space once more before feeding Maddison in the box. He twists and turns before drilling a shot off the legs of Pinnock, but the ball drops straight into Richarlison's path for the striker to sweep into the back of the net!!! Spurs lead 3-1 with three goals in seven minutes, and the Bees are being pulled from pillar to post now.,1
Asst: T. WernerGOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! How about that - two goals in a minute and Spurs lead 2-1!!! Straight from the restart, the hosts win possession back and Werner carries the ball down the left-hand side. His low cross into the area evades both Pinnock and Mee, but the substitute Johnson is waiting patiently and slides in at the far post to tap into an empty net!! From 1-0 down to 2-1 up in literal seconds, what a half-time response from Tottenham!,1
GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! It's a perfect start to the second half - Spurs are back level!!! Udogie strides well over halfway and combines with Werner on his left-hand side. The forward cuts inside and finds Udogie on a continuing run, and after his initial effort ricochets off Pinnock, the left-back slots the rebound in at the near post for 1-1!,1
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Winger Brennan Johnson also comes on for the hosts in place of Bentancur, in a change which could well result in a formational shift in the second half.,0
Oliver SkippTottenham · Midfielder #4Ange Postecoglou makes a double change in the Spurs midfield, with returnee Skipp replaced for the second period by Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg.,0
The yellow card is also out for Kulusevski for reacting and pushing Maupay back during that altercation, and hopefully those cautions should put a stop to the scuffles we've already seen throughout this first half!,2
ulusevski is penalised after getting into a tangle with Toney and Brentford look to take a quick one themselves. Kulusevski obstructs, but Maupay is immediately on the same to push him out of the way and after being put on the deck himself, the Frenchman is finally shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
rentford look to catch Spurs napping once again, but are denied this time and Porro comes away with the ball. With the Bees defence stretched behind him, Norgaard takes the full-back to ground cynically and is met with the game's first yellow card.,2
OOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Denied with one chance, but Brentford hit straight back to take the lead in north London!!! Spurs' high defensive line is exposed again as Norgaard dispossesses Romero on halfway and puts Toney on a clear run into the box. The striker goes for goal and is denied by Vicario, but Maupay is on hand to slide in and squeeze the rebound into the bottom corner!! 1-0 to the Bees, as Spurs are caught short big time!,1
Raphaël VaraneMan United · Defender #19Jonny Evans is also introduced late at Rodney Parade, replacing Varane in the Red Devils' rearguard.,0
Seb Palmer-HouldenNewport County · Striker #30Palmer-Houlden has been another one of Newport's top performers in this valiant effort, but comes off for Nathan Wood with just seconds to go in south Wales.,0
GOOOAAALLL!!! That'll seal it for United!! McTominay and Garnacho combine through the middle and the latter finds Forson in the box. His off-balance shot is parried well by Townsend, but Hojlund is straight onto the rebound and buries the ball into the bottom corner!! 4-2 to the visitors, and for all the fight put up by Newport throughout this match, clawing back another two-goal deficit at this stage will be too great a task.,1
Lisandro MartínezMan United · Defender #6Harry Maguire also comes on late for the Red Devils, replacing Martinez in central defence.,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Antony's goal - his first of the season - is the difference heading into the final moments of this game, and the Brazilian comes off now for another United youngster in Omari Forson.,0
Luke ShawMan United · Defender #23Shaw also comes off following an industrious performance down that left-hand side, and youngster Willy Kambwala will take the England defender's place for the last few minutes.,0
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18United make two changes of their own late on, the first seeing Scott McTominay replace the booked Casemiro at the base of their midfield.,0
Scot BennettNewport County · Defender #17Matthew Baker also comes on for Newport, replacing Bennett in the heart of their defence for the remainder of this game.,0
Aaron WildigNewport County · Midfielder #24Wildig also comes off in the Exiles' midfield three, and Kiban Rai will provide some fresh legs for the final 10 or so minutes.,0
Henry William James CharsleyNewport County · Midfielder #20A triple change coming for the home side, with Charsley withdrawn in midfield for James Waite.,0
Fernandes' effort in the area is blocked and drops for Garnacho, but he loses possession to Charsley on the turn. The Exiles midfielder is immediately caught and taken down by Casemiro though, resulting in the first yellow card of the match for the 31-year-old.,2
Adam LewisNewport County · Defender #3Lewis Payne comes on in Newport's first alteration of the match, and he'll replace Lewis out wide for the final 20 or so minutes here.,0
GOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The Red Devils are back in front!! Antony collects a long ball and switches play to Shaw on his left-hand side. The full-back unleashes a curling right-footed effort which cannons back off the far post, dropping straight into Antony's path for the Brazilian to tap it home! United lead 3-2 with little over 20 minutes to go, and Erik ten Hag will be hoping his side can build on that goal to see the game out comfortably.,1
sst: A. LewisGOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! Would you believe it - Newport County ARE LEVEL!!! Shaw's deflected shot is collected by Townsend, who subsequently thumps the ball deep into United's half. It's played across from right to left and comes to Lewis, whose low cross to the near post is turned in by Evans!!! We're locked up at 2-2 in south Wales, with that poacher's finish from Evans sparking bedlam in the stands at Rodney Parade!,1
OOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! What a strike to get Newport back into this game!!! Townsend's goal-kick is headed down by Varane and drops kindly for Morris, who unleashes a belting half-volley from 25 yards that beats Bayindir and swoops into the top corner!!! A goal for the ages at Rodney Parade, which halves the deficit to make it 2-1!,1
Asst: D. DalotGOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Mainoo makes it 2-0 to Manchester United! Dalot advances up the right-hand side and dribbles his way into the box, before cutting the ball back to Mainoo on the edge. The youngster strikes a first-time finish with aplomb, squeezing the ball through the crowd and nestling it right in the bottom corner to double his side's lead and give the 12-time champions a comfortable advantage!,1
sst: AntonyGOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! That didn't take long!!! Shaw's incisive throughball down the left puts Antony in behind the defence, and he cuts it back for Fernandes to bury a first-time shot into the bottom corner!! 1-0 to the Red Devils, and that'll put any nerves at ease for the travelling supporters!,1
RED CARD90+2'Red card for Matt Lowton (Burnley). The original decision is confirmed by a VAR review.,3
ED CARD FOR BURNLEY! Lowton arrives late on Chambers and takes the Villa centre-back out. It's a nasty tackle on first viewing, albeit one made more in desperation than malice. VAR watches it back a few times and agrees with the referee's decision to send the Burnley substitute off.,3
Maxwel CornetBurnley · Striker #20Burnley bring on an extra defender to shore things up. Lowton replaces Cornet.,0
Ollie WatkinsAston Villa · Striker #11Villa substitution. Ings takes Watkins' place up front for the hosts.,0
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Meanwhile, Burnley make a change. Their goalscorer Barnes goes off. Weghorst comes on.,0
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Villa make a substitution of their own. Coutinho replaces Ramsey.,0
Carney ChukwuemekaAston Villa · Midfielder #33Villa make their first substitution of the game. The quiet Chukwuemeka is replaced by Traore.,0
Long's booked for his clumsy foul on Watkins. Burnley are facing a test of mental fortitude now.,2
Asst: J. McGinnGOAL! ASTON VILLA 1-1 BURNLEY! Buendia makes amends for giving a penalty away with a sublime finish! The Argentine ghosts into the box to volley McGinn's right-wing cross into the turf and past Pope! That's another twist in the tale at the bottom of the Premier League.,1
Penalty GoalGOAL! ASTON VILLA 0-1 BURNLEY! Barnes sends Martinez the wrong way and slots the ball calmly into the bottom left corner of the net! What a big goal that could be in the context of the relegation battle! It's Barnes' first Premier League goal since February last year.,1
Already substituted, a relieved Caicedo is booked for over-celebrating Chelsea's late winner.,2
Asst: E. FernándezCHELSEA STEAL ALL THREE POINTS!!! What a way to end it! Boyhood Manchester United fan Palmer completes his hat-trick! Shortly after Chukwuemeka has a shot blocked wide for a corner, the free-scoring Chelsea forward is left unmarked on the edge of the area. Found by Fernandez, he lashes it home via a big deflection off McTominay! It's now 4-3 to the Blues, who led 2-0 and then trailed 3-2!,1
Penalty GoalIT'S 3-3 AT STAMFORD BRIDGE!!! A fitting conclusion to what has been a chaotic encounter! Palmer again sends Onana the wrong way from 12 yards, slotting his second penalty into the bottom-right corner! That brings Chelsea level on 100 minutes, after they'd thrown away a two-goal advantage!,1
Conor GallagherChelsea · Midfielder #23Madueke is now sent on, as Chelsea captain Gallagher leaves the pitch to warm applause.,0
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #17Arriving to a chorus of boos, Chelsea academy product Mount is introduced to Manchester United's midfield; Garnacho departs, having become the first teenager to score two or more goals in three Premier League matches during any season since Michael Owen in 1998-99.,0
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18Casemiro's race is run, too, and McTominay will join United's midfield.,0
Malo GustoChelsea · Defender #27Chelsea make more changes, as they try to turn the tide. Gusto is replaced by Gilchrist.,0
Moisés CaicedoChelsea · Midfielder #25Chukwuemeka will bolster Chelsea's midfield, as Caicedo - who accidentally triggered Man United's fightback by teeing up Garnacho's first goal - is withdrawn.,0
Mykhailo MudrykChelsea · Midfielder #10Pochettino reacts by sending on two substitutes: first, Mudryk is replaced by Sterling in the final third.,0
Asst: AntonyGARNACHO!!! 3-2 UNITED! THE COMEBACK IS COMPLETE! Garnacho scores, but he owes a huge debt of gratitude to Antony. As the visitors counter, the Brazil international produces a delicious ball with the outside of his left boot, and Garnacho beats Petrovic to head home.,1
Rasmus HøjlundMan United · Striker #11Rashford is also introduced, with Hojlund making way.,0
Jonny EvansMan United · Defender #35Only on as a substitute for the injured Varane, Evans must now be replaced. Kambwala is sent on by a beleaguered Ten Hag.,0
Raphaël VaraneMan United · Defender #19As Varane picked up another injury during the first half, he has not been able to return; Evans replaces him in central defence.,0
sst: D. DalotIT'S 2-2 AT THE BRIDGE! Manchester United have dragged themselves level! Onana starts a counter-attack that sees Bruno Fernandes drive forward from deep, then Antony and Garnacho combine to tee up Dalot's cross from the left. Bruno finally arrives at the back post to head in United's leveller! What a brilliant way to haul Chelsea back to parity!,1
or a reckless tackle, Fernandez becomes the second player booked by the referee today.,2
UNITED CLAW ONE BACK! And what a gift from Caicedo! The Chelsea midfielder presents the ball on a plate for Garnacho, who does not hesitate to streak forward towards the area and then coolly slot past Petrovic from 10 yards! The goalkeeper had no chance, and it's now just 2-1 to Chelsea! Man United are suddenly offered an unexpected route back into the game!,1
The first yellow card of the game is flashed towards Gusto, who clearly brings down Garnacho not far outside Chelsea's area.,2
Penalty GoalICE-COLD COLE PALMER STRIKES AGAIN! Calmly sending Onana the wrong way from 12 yards, boyhood Manchester United fan strokes his spot-kick into the bottom-right corner! That's his 17th goal of a superb debut season for the Blues, who now lead 2-0! We're not even midway through the first half!,1
CHELSEA LEAD 1-0! Gallagher guides it home from near the penalty spot, and Onana just can't keep it out! Gusto's deflected cross from the right byline falls beautifully for Chelsea's captain, who side-foots it firmly into the back of the net! The hosts have taken an early lead at Stamford Bridge!,1
Elyounoussi cynically drags De Bruyne back - preventing a potential counter-attack. The Southampton substitute is shown a yellow card for the foul.,2
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Stuart Armstrong is brought off shortly after picking up the yellow card, with Diallo chosen to see out the game. ,0
Stuart Armstrong is booked immediately after the play is restarted for catching Laporte with a raised boot. The VAR is once again involved to discuss a potential red as the Saints' winger's studs were showing - but again the video assistants agree with the match official and maintain the yellow card. ,2
Jan BednarekSouthampton · Defender #35With under 20 minutes remaining Hasenhuttl makes a change, withdrawing the carded Bednarek and sending on Lyanco. ,0
Asst: K. De BruyneMANCHESTER CITY EQUALISE! It’s a simple goal as De Bruyne floats a free-kick from the right wing to the far post for Laporte, who loses his man and heads past a sprawling Forster! 1-1!,1
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7Manchester City's first change of the match comes on the hour as Jesus replaces Sterling. ,0
Nathan RedmondSouthampton · Midfielder #11A change at the half for Southampton sees Elyounoussi replace Redmond on the wing. ,0
Bednarek slides into a tackle and catches Grealish - which sparks a reaction out of the England international, who is incensed. It’s a free-kick to Manchester City as the referee has a word with both captains, and a yellow card to the centre-back.,2
sst: N. RedmondSOUTHAMPTON TAKE THE LEAD WITH A LOVELY FINISH! It’s a first-ever Premier League goal for Walker-Peters, who gets the move started with a run down the right wing after an inch-perfect Romeu switch of play. The full-back then finds Redmond ahead of him before continuing his run and latching on to the eventual cross with a sweetly hit volley with the outside of his boot! 1-0 Saints!,1
Asst: R. GuerreiroGOALLLL! MALEN SCORES! 4-2 BAYERN! Dortmund get another goal back. Malen gets the ball on the left this time and plays a quick one-two with Guerreiro. His effort is tame, but it rolls right into the bottom corner with Moukoko deciding not to poke it in.,1
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Straight swap in Bayern's midfield with Gravenberch replacing Goretzka.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Coman has a goal to his name and is now being given a rest. Musiala has the final 11 minutes in a rotated Bayern attack.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Bayern make two changes. Tuchel decides to take off Davies who has been a constant threat on the left. Cancelo makes an appearance of the bench.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLL! CAN SCORES! 4-1 BAYERN! Muted celebrations from the Dortmund man and the fans, but the away side have a goal back. The midfielder finds the top corner, beating Sommer who goes the right way.,1
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Muller is one goal away from a hat-trick but is taken off. Gnabry replaces him in the attack.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Choupo-Moting has been an excellent target man for Bayern and was denied a spectacular goal by the offside flag in the second half. He is now coming off with Mane entering the pitch.,0
pamecano goes into the book after a late tackle on Bellingham.,2
Marco ReusDortmund · Midfielder #11Dortmund make their final two changes of the game. Haller has struggled to make an impact in Dortmund's attack and is replaced by Moukoko.,0
Asst: L. SanéGOALLLLL! COMAN SCORES! 4-0! That is the best goal of the game by some distance. Roman picks the ball up on the left and switches the play with a phenomenal pass out to Sane. The winger drives inside with it, playing it back across to Coman who makes up the ground to get in the box and poke his effort past Kobel.,1
Julian RyersonDortmund · Defender #26Dortmund make two changes before the restart. Ryerson is off with Ozcan taking his place.,0
Julian BrandtDortmund · Midfielder #19Edin Terzic also decides to take off Brandt. Malen is given the responsibility to make an impact on the right in the second half.,0
Nico SchlotterbeckDortmund · Defender #4Former Bayern defender Hummels is coming on just before the break. He replaces Schlotterbeck who is forced off through injury.,0
GOALLLL! MULLER HAS ANOTHER! 3-0 BAYERN! Is it game over already? Sane cuts in from the right and unleashes a curling effort towards the goal. Kobel pushes the initial effort away, but Muller reacts the quickest to shoot in the rebound from close range.,1
Asst: M. de LigtGOALLLLL! MULLER SCORES! 2-0 BAYERN! What a start from the home side. A corner from the right is met by De Ligt who powers his header into the floor. Muller beats the offside trap, getting on the end of it and turning the ball into the net from close range.,1
Can is furious with the referee. He jumps into a tackle with Kimmich and is given the first yellow card of the game.,2
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Despite scoring, a frustrated Giroud mutters to himself upon withdrawal from the fray, as Origi comes on to replace him.,0
Josip MišićDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #27Cacic also makes a change in midfield, as Misic gives way for Bulat.,0
Mislav OršićDinamo Zagreb · Striker #99After finally threatening Milan's goal, Orsic is substituted; Bockaj is brought on.,0
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Hernandez is also rested by Pioli; Ballo-Toure will replace him at left-back.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17After playing a major role in the fourth goal, Leao's job is done. He makes way for Messias.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Milan's final switch of their triple change sees Bennacer, who had an illness last weekend, making way for Pobega in midfield.,0
enalty Goal3-0 MILAN! The Rossoneri are strolling it now! With unerring accuracy, Giroud steps up to the penalty spot and thumps an unsaveable shot into the top-left corner: Livakovic had no chance! Surely, that's game over.,1
Ljubicic is booked for pulling over Tonali inside the area; conceding a penalty in the process.,2
Bruno PetkovićDinamo Zagreb · Striker #9A disappointing Petkovic makes way for Drmic up front.,0
Arijan AdemiDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #5Cacic has had enough, and makes a triple substitution. First, experienced skipper Ademi is replaced by young Baturina.,0
Charles De KetelaereMilan · Midfielder #90A miserable game for De Ketelaere concludes early; Krunic comes on to replace him.,0
Asst: T. HernándezMILAN EXTEND THEIR ADVANTAGE! With a typically surging run from out to in, Leao leaves a floundering Dinamo defence in his wake before bursting into the box and slotting the ball below an exposed Livakovic from no more than 10 yards. That's 2-0: does that seal the points for Milan?,1
For catching Misic on the foot with his studs, De Ketelaere becomes the first Milan player yellow-carded today.,2
inamo captain Ademi is the first player to see yellow, as he is booked for an ill-timed lunge on Tonali out on the right flank.,2
Asst: S. TonaliMILAN LEAD! With a simple set-piece move, the Italian champions break the deadlock! From a free-kick on the right, some 30 yards from goal, Tonali flips a cross to the back post, where Gabbia arrives at the right moment to steer the ball into the back of the net with a header! It's 1-0 to Milan!,1
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Maldini comes on to replace Diaz for the dying seconds of the contest.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Dybala is withdrawn after an ineffectual second half. He had a bright start, but faded in the contest. Kulusevski replaces the Argentine.,0
Asst: S. TonaliGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! REBIC HEADS HOME THE EQUALISER!!!! 1-1!!! Milan are level and deserve their equaliser as Rebic guides a header into the back of the net off the inside of the left post. Tonali whips a dangerous cross towards near post for Rebic to run and attack. He gets there ahead of Locatelli and angles his header away from Szczesny to notch the equaliser. It's all square at Allianz Stadium.,1
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11Chiesa replaces Cuadrado in the final third for the home side.,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Kean replaces Morata in the final third for the Bianconeri.,0
Dybala is late with his challenge on Tonali and goes into the book. ,2
onali reacts to the challenge from Dybala, although he does not cross the line. The referee still books the midfielder.,2
Franck KessiéMilan · Midfielder #79Kessie is withdrawn by Pioli and is replaced by Bennacer.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Saelemaekers makes way for the visitors and is replaced down the right by Florenzi.,0
Simon KjærMilan · Defender #24Kalulu replaces Kjaer, which sees Tomori shift inside to centre-back.,0
sst: P. DybalaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MORATA SCORES A SUPER INDIVIDUAL GOAL!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Juve hit the visitors on the break with Morata finishing with a sublime chip over Maignan. Dybala releases the run of the forward through on goal and he outpaces Hernandez to be left one-on-one with Maignan. He lifts his effort over the keeper and into the back of the net. A composed effort from the Spaniard.,1
Marcel SabitzerBayern · Midfielder #18Tolisso enters the action in the Bayern midfield to replace Sabitzer.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Coman comes off the field after a fine performance and is replaced by Musiala.,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Hernandez is withdrawn for the closing stages and is replaced by Richards.,0
Asst: J. StanišićGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SANE HAS HIS SECOND, BAYERN HAVE FOUR!!!! 4-0!!!!! Bayern are rampant in the closing stages of the game as Sane steers home a left-footed strike from 12 yards. Stanisic makes a good run down the right flank and bursts into the box. He cuts a low ball back for Sane, who strikes the ball hard first time into the left corner of the net giving Vlachodimos no chance.,1
sst: L. SanéGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LEWANDOWSKI TAPS HOME!!!!! 3-0 BAYERN!! The German side surely secure the win this evening as the Pole converts an offload from Sane, tapping home into an empty net. Bayern open up Benfica down the right flank and Gnabry's cross finds its way into the feet of Sane. He turns past Otamendi with a slice of luck and then spots an unmarked Lewandowski at the back post. The forward makes no mistake with his finish.,1
Darwin NúñezBenfica · Striker #9Darwin is withdrawn for the final nine minutes and is replaced by Ramos.,0
João MárioBenfica · Midfielder #20Taarabt comes on for the closing stages to replace Joao Mario.,0
Rafa SilvaBenfica · Striker #27Pizzi replaces Rafa for the home side in the final third.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Stanisic replaces Muller in the Bayern midfield for the final 13 minutes.,0
Roman YaremchukBenfica · Striker #15Everton enters the action to replace Yaremchuk in the final third.,0
WHAT A GOAL!!!! SANE SCORES A STUNNER FROM A FREE-KICK!!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!! The visitors have the lead at last as Sane powers a left-footed strike into the net from 25 yards. Sane goes for goal with power, striking the ball over the wall and into the top-right corner past Vlachodimos. A perfect hit from the German.,1
Benjamin PavardBayern · Defender #5Pavard makes way for Gnabry. Bayern might be lining up a re-shuffle here unless Kimmich drops into the defence.,0
Hernandez pulls back Rafa on a run down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
pamecano brings down Yaremchuk in the final third, handing Benfica a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Joao Mario brings down Coman on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Otamendi wipes out Kimmich with a strong challenge and goes into the book.,2
André AlmeidaBenfica · Midfielder #34Goncalves makes his way on to the field to replace Almeida on the right flank.,0
Arnaut DanjumaVillarreal · Striker #15Danjuma, who has had a very good game and has been the main away threat, is replaced by Pena.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Midfielder #11Isco comes on for Asensio as the hosts hunt for a winning goal.,0
Coquelin is booked after he cynically drags back Asensio in the middle of the park.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo comes off for Camavinga at the break.,0
Vinicius sees a yellow card for dissent after he is adjudged to have fouled Parejo in the middle of the pitch. The away midfielder did appear to go down softly but the referee saw it differently.,2
ondogbia picks up a late yellow card for impeding Morente. Atletico are almost there.,2
uarez is booked for his petulance in kicking the ball away. The Uruguayan is entirely unmoved.,2
Benedetto brings down Saul with a cynical challenge and picks up a yellow card.,2
Pedro BigasElche · Defender #6There's another Elche change too. Gonzalez is on for Bigas.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Atletico substitution. The left-sided defender Renan Lodi takes Correa's place.,0
Iván MarconeElche · Midfielder #23Marcone is last to go off. Carrillo ventures up front for Elche.,0
Lucas BoyéElche · Striker #9Elche decide to make more changes. Morente replaces Boye first.,0
Johan MojicaElche · Defender #22Elche's brightest spark Mojica is next to go off. Josan takes his place.,0
erdu is overaggressive in challenging Suarez for a loose ball and bundles the Atletico striker over. Verdu receives the game's first yellow card.,2
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Trippier comes on next, replacing De Paul. Let's see how those changes affect Atletico's shape.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Here are those Atletico changes. Suarez replaces the hardworking Lemar.,0
Asst: R. De PaulGOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 ELCHE! Atletico take the lead through a gift of a goal as Casilla fails to clear de Paul's pass over the top. Correa nips in to steal the ball from the hapless goalkeeper and rifles the ball into the top left corner.,1
For delaying the restart from a goal kick, Leno is the latest Fulham player booked for timewasting.,2
Tom CairneyFulham · Midfielder #10Taking the warm applause of the home fans, Fulham skipper Cairney is replaced by Reed for the final few moments.,0
aving ignored the referee's whistle, Jimenez is shown a late yellow card for time-wasting.,2
arrowly avoiding a red card, Saliba instead picks up a booking for clearly hauling back Wilson just outside his own area. There were some covering colleagues, which bailed him out of facing more serious consequences.,2
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20Diop is also sent on to provide more defensive cover for Fulham. Willian trudges off.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14Wilson is now introduced by Marco Silva, with potential matchwinner De Cordova-Reid making way.,0
aving delayed the re-start of play by walking away from the ball, Bassey is booked for time-wasting.,2
Kai HavertzArsenal · Midfielder #29Another attacking change for Arsenal sees the ineffective Havertz withdrawn and Nelson sent on in his place.,0
Alex IwobiFulham · Midfielder #22Marco Silva sends on some fresh legs, as he seeks to preserve his side's slim lead. Iwobi is replaced by Andreas Pereira in midfield.,0
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4A potential change of shape is indicated by another striker arriving to support Nketiah: Gabriel Jesus comes on for a full-back, White.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Arteta reacts to his side falling behind by making a couple of changes: first, Martinelli makes way for Trossard.,0
For felling Saka with a late tackle, around 25 yards from Fulham's goal, Cairney becomes the first player booked by the referee today.,2
FULHAM LEAD! Taking advantage of a period of pinball inside Arsenal's area, De Cordova-Reid pounces from six yards out to poke the ball into the net: the Cottagers go 2-1 up! After Rice fails to clear with a header following Willian's corner, the ball bounces around before landing at De Cordova-Reid's feet - he makes no mistake!,1
Jakub KiwiorArsenal · Defender #15Arteta does make a substitution, although perhaps not an expected one: a half-time change at left-back sees Tomiyasu sent on for Kiwior.,0
sst: T. CairneyFULHAM PULL LEVEL! It's 1-1 at Craven Cottage! Arriving at the back post, Jimenez confirms his worth to Fulham by slotting Cairney's low cross past Raya! On his return from suspension, the Mexican striker bags his fourth goal in as many games! Some excellent work by the Cottagers' captain created the chance, and Jimenez was clinical!,1
AKA STRIKES EARLY ON! A move begun by Raya sees Arsenal sweep upfield at speed, and after Martinelli cuts inside from the right and has a shot saved by Leno, the former Gunners goalkeeper watches on as Saka turns the rebound home from close range! That's no more than the visitors deserve for shooting out of the traps so quickly: 1-0 to Arsenal!,1
erge tugs back Wijnaldum, who was looking to set Liverpool away on the counter. It’s a yellow card for the Sheffield United goalscorer.,2
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Midfielder #9It's a double switch from Klopp, as Minamino is also on for Firmino. ,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Midfielder #20Klopp throws Milner on with seven minutes left, as Liverpool look to see out the victory. Jota is the man to make way.,0
John LundstramSheffield United · Midfielder #7Another attacking switch is made by Wilder, as Lundstram is recalled in favour of McGoldrick.,0
tevens allows his frustrations to get the better of him as he dives into a challenge on the right and gives away a free-kick - receiving a yellow card in the process.,2
Asst: S. ManéNOT FOR LONG AS LIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! It’s a simple goal for the hosts, as Mane’s cross from the left finds the head of Jota - who was allowed to peel off the back of Stevens and nod it past Ramsdale!,1
Rhian BrewsterSheffield United · Striker #24Sheffield United’s first change is a positive one, as Burke is brought on in attack - ending Brewster’s return to Anfield just before the hour.,0
IVERPOOL FIND THE EQUALISER! A cross from the right is met by the head of Mane, who forces a desperate save from Ramsdale. The keeper can only parry the ball weakly though, allowing Firmino to nip in and score from the rebound! 1-1!,1
enalty Goal1-0 TO SHEFFIELD UNITED! Berge steps up and sends Alisson the wrong way - giving the visitors the unlikeliest of leads at Anfield!,1
undstram tackles Salah on the halfway line and earns an early yellow card.,2
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Youngster Ramsey gets some more game time as he comes on for the closing stages in place of the industrious Douglas Luiz.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Midfielder #21A defensive change by Smith sees, scorer of the third goal, El Ghazi, brought off for El Mohamady.,0
Eze mistimes his sliding tackle as he goes in late on Grealish, who had already released his pass well before Eze's tackle. Unsurprisingly, the Palace man goes into referee Taylor's book for the challenge.,2
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Townsend is Hodgson's next change and he will replace Schlupp in a like-for-like substitute.,0
Asst: O. WatkinsGOALLL!! 3-0 VILLA! Grealish leads the counter-attack as he rolls in Watkins, whose first touch lets him down. The striker then recovers and plays it back to El Ghazi, who smashes a right-footed effort into the top left corner from the right of the area. That effort left Guaita with no chance and it seems like game over for the visitors.,1
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Hodgson rolls the dice once more as he throws on striker Batshuayi in place of McArthur.,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Milivojevic, whose needless foul led to the hosts' second goal, is hooked off for Riedewald as the visitors look to find a way back into this game.,0
ard, perhaps in frustration, goes flying through the back of Grealish, leaving Taylor with no option but to book Palace's right-back.,2
GOALLLL!! 2-0 VILLA! The resulting free-kick is swung in by El Ghazi towards Watkins, who hits the bar with his header from outside the six-yard area. Hause is then quickly onto the rebound as he heads over the line from close range. Guaita thinks he has clawed Hause's effort away, however, referee Taylor points to his watch to show the technology has confirmed the goal.,1
realish carries the Villans forward before Milivojevic bundles him over, earning the Palace captain a place in referee Taylor's book.,2
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Midfielder #15Traore, who will perhaps feel a bit harsh done by here, is the man sacrificed in order to bring on centre-back Konsa to partner Hause after Mings' dismissal.,0
ED CARD! Mings receives his second booking in six minutes and he is given his marching orders! Initially, the centre-back had failed to deal with Palace's first long ball and then, in his attempts to recover, he drags down Zaha near the halfway line, leaving referee Taylor with no option but to issue a second yellow card.,3
Zaha receives the first yellow card of the game for his aggressive response to Mings, as the Palace man seemed incensed by the centre-back's attempts to retrieve the ball for a free-kick.,2
ings also gets cautioned for his part in the chaos, with referee Taylor booking him for either his initial shove on Zaha or his part in the commotion afterwards.,2
GOALLLL!!! 1-0 VILLA! Watkins is afforded far too much space, reaching the area before shooting across goal with his right foot. Guaita saves Watkins’ initial effort but Traore is there to slam in the rebound with his right foot from just outside the six-yard area. Palace were slow to close down Watkins initially and they have been rightly punished for their defensive efforts.,1
Mikel OyarzabalReal Sociedad · Midfielder #10Sociedad make their third and final change as Oyarzabal is replaced by Barrenetxea.,0
Ivan RakitićBarcelona · Midfielder #4Barcelona make their third change as Vidal enters the fray in place of Rakitic.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18The second Barcelona switch sees Alba replaced by Semedo.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Barcelona are making a double change as Busquets is firstly replaced by Alena.,0
Alexander IsakReal Sociedad · Striker #19Sociedad make their second switch of the game as Isak is replaced by Willian Jose.,0
GOOOAL! Isak makes it 2-2! Oyarzabal picks up the ball on the left-hand side of the box before finding Monreal on the overlap, and the full-back then sees Ter Stegen parry his delivery into the path of Isak who finds the net from close range.,1
PortuReal Sociedad · Midfielder #7Sociedad make their first change of the match as Portu is replaced by Januzaj.,0
sst: L. Messi  GOOOAL! Suarez makes it 2-1 to Barcelona! Busquets produces an excellent pass to pick out the run of Messi as he beats the offside trap, and Messi then runs through on goal before squaring it to Suarez who taps home.,1
Asst: L. SuárezGOOOAL! Griezmann makes it 1-1! Suarez picks the ball up near the halfway line before driving forward and then sliding a neat pass through to Griezmann, and the attacker then surges into the left-hand side of the box before dinking it over Remiro.,1
Penalty GoalGOOOAL! Oyarzabal makes it 1-0 to Sociedad! Oyarzabal takes his time with the run-up before slotting the ball into the bottom left-hand corner after sending Ter Stegen the wrong way.,1
fter the fracas is cleared up, the referee brandishes the red card and shows it to Success - leaving Udinese with 10 men for the remainder of the match. ,3
WHAT A GOAL FROM IBRAHIMOVIC! A cross comes into the penalty area from the right, which is met by both Nuytinck and Perez, popping it straight up into the air. The Sweden international meets the loose ball with an acrobatic scissor kick from behind Nuytinck - beating Silvestri from close range! 1-1!,1
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Diaz is replaced with nine minutes left, as Maldini gets the chance to influence the result. ,0
Tolgay ArslanUdinese · Midfielder #5Jajalo is sent on for Arslan as Cioffi makes a change in midfield with 20 minutes remaining. ,0
Gerard DeulofeuUdinese · Striker #10Udinese answer with two substitutions of their own - the first of which sees Deulofeu replaced by Success.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Castillejo comes on for Saelemaekers as Pioli continues to search for an answer.,0
Destiny UdogieUdinese · Midfielder #13Udogie goes down holding the inside of his leg during a goal-kick as Udinese are forced into a change. Zeegelaar is chosen to play at wing-back with just under 30 minutes remaining.,0
Deulofeu is booked for protestation after giving away a foul. He appears to have dived into Romagnoli, who was in possession of the ball in midfield. The forward has too much to say to the referee and receives a yellow card for it.,2
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33The final swap is an attacking one as Messias replaces Krunic. ,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Milan make three changes at half-time as they look to overturn the deficit. The first sees Tonali replace Bennacer in midfield.,0
Tiémoué BakayokoMilan · Midfielder #41Both starting midfielders are hauled off at half-time as Bakayoko doesn't return to the line-up either, making way for Kessie.,0
erez is shown a yellow card for bringing Ibrahimovic down from behind on the right wing.,2
ETO MAKES IT 1-0 UDINESE! It’s a mistake in midfield which puts Milan to the sword as Bakayoko fails to hold off Arslan when receiving a pass from Bennacer - allowing Udinese to win the ball back. It’s immediately lumped forward for Beto who outmuscles two defenders and has a shot at goal which is saved - only for the forward to tap home the rebound! 1-0!,1
Stefano SabelliGenoa · Midfielder #20Gilardino goes for broke, replacing wing-back Sabelli with another forward, Ekuban. Will a four-man front line pay off?,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10A rare blank for Martinez: the Nerazzurri's main marksman departs without scoring, as Arnautovic arrives for a late cameo.,0
Benjamin PavardInter · Defender #28The home side are being forced further back now, so more fresh legs are required in defence. Bisseck replaces Pavard.,0
Having toppled over too easily, trying to buy a penalty at the expense of Vasquez, Inter captain Martinez is booked for simulation.,2
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Acerbi is also introduced, with Dimarco the man to make way. That should see Carlos Augusto move to wing-back.,0
Alexis SánchezInter · Striker #70Inzaghi responds with two changes of his own: first, Sanchez makes way for Thuram, who will reunite with Martinez up front.,0
Junior MessiasGenoa · Midfielder #10Another January signing, Vitinha, comes on for Milan loanee Messias.,0
Aarón CaricolGenoa · Midfielder #3With his team perhaps needing fresh legs, Gilardino sends on two substitutes: first, Spence replaces Martin on the left wing.,0
Genoa goalscorer Vasquez continues his eventful shift at San Siro, as he becomes the latest man to see yellow.,2
GOAL! GENOA HALF THE DEFICIT! Game on! After De Vrij's clearing header falls short, Vasquez arrives at speed on the edge of Inter's area and unleashes a brilliant volleyed finish into the bottom-right corner! Sommer could only watch it nestle in the net! It's now Inter 2-1 Genoa, which should make for an absorbing conclusion to this game.,1
hortly after his introduction from the bench, Strootman is booked. For badly mistiming his challenge on Martinez, the Dutchman deservedly sees yellow.,2
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Both teams have made on change at the break, and Inter's sees Dumfries - who was booked during the first half - replaced on the right flank by Darmian.,0
Morten FrendrupGenoa · Midfielder #32Frendrup was also yellow-carded - and conceded a penalty - so Strootman replaces him in Genoa's midfield.,0
Penalty GoalSANCHEZ STRIKES FROM THE SPOT! Inter have complete control now! Keeping his cool from 12 yards, the veteran striker sends Martinez the wrong way, placing his well-struck penalty into the right side of the net - that's his first Serie A strike for two years! The Nerazzurri truly are ruthless this season!,1
Asst: A. SánchezINTER IN FRONT! The league leaders go 1-0 up! Bursting through from midfield, Asllani picks up Sanchez's low pass and fires confidently past Martinez into the roof of the net! There was no stopping that! Normal service is resumed, as Inter score their 68th Serie A goal of the season!,1
ather harshly, the referee produces another yellow card, as Dumfries clumsily catches Martin in midfield. Inter's Dutch wing-back was caught out by his opponent's speed.,2
For a reckless lunge on Barella in midfield, Frendrup receives the game's first yellow card. He can have no complaints.,2
usquets gets booked for very clearly pinning back the arms of Paciencia.,2
Alejandro BaldeBarcelona · Defender #28Another chance for Barca as Balde makes way for Roberto.,0
Jørgen Strand LarsenCelta Vigo · Striker #18First changes for Celta as Larsen comes off for Perez.,0
Alba also gets booked after trying to pick a fight with Oscar.,2
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Dembele will also come on for Raphinha.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Striker #11Xavi makes a triple change to liven things up for the home side. First up, Torres comes off for Fati.,0
OOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!! You certainly can say that it has been coming. A cross comes in from Gavi, who times his run perfectly to ensure that he was onside. Nunez attempts to clear it, but it only goes straight up. The ball comes right back down to Pedri, who fires it home from very close range.,1
MarquinhosFerencváros · Striker #50Marquinhos also makes way with Lisztes coming on in his place.,0
Ryan MmaeeFerencváros · Striker #8Ferencvaros make a double change late on. First off is Mmaee who is replaced by Frederiksen.,0
Robert AndrichLeverkusen · Midfielder #8It's another Leverkusen sub as Andrich is replaced by Demirbay.,0
Piero HincapiéLeverkusen · Defender #3Leverkusen make a double change in defence after the goal. First off is Hincapie with Kossounou replacing him.,0
Jeremie FrimpongLeverkusen · Midfielder #30Fosu-Mensah is also introduced in the place of wing-back Frimpong.,0
Asst: M. DiabyGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! LEVERKUSEN DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! It's Adli with the goal and that is surely game over. Diaby drives through the midfield before playing a defence-splitting pass to Adli. The substitute takes it in his stride and fires across Dibusz and in off the post for his side's second and they now lead 4-0 on aggregate.,1
Amer GojakFerencváros · Midfielder #14Ferencvaros make their first change of the second half as Gojak is replaced by Manner.,0
Sardar AzmounLeverkusen · Striker #9Leverkusen make their first changes of the evening as Azmoun makes way for Hlozek.,0
Florian WirtzLeverkusen · Striker #27Wirtz also comes off with Adli replacing the forward.,0
Henry WingoFerencváros · Defender #31Wingo went down immediately after that pursuit of Bakker and the full-back has clearly injured himself. Marquinhos replaces him.,0
Asst: E. TapsobaGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!! LEVERKUSEN SCORE EARLY!! 1-0!! What a start for the away side and Diaby has the vital first goal in this game. It's a hopeful ball over the top from Tapsoba but it finds Diaby in all kinds of space just inside the Ferencvaros half. The winger drives unopposed into the box and slots past Dibusz to give Alonso's side the ideal start.,1
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Striker #22Ziyech made the decisive breakthrough for the Blues with a fine strike. The winger is replaced by Saul.,0
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Gil replaces Winks for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Striker #20Alonso replaces Hudson-Odoi at the back to shore up the Chelsea defence.,0
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Jorginho is withdrawn after a quiet performance. Kante replaces the Italy international in the middle of the park.,0
Japhet TangangaTottenham · Defender #25Tanganga is replaced after a difficult game and is replaced by Skipp. Spurs move to three at the back.,0
Ryan SessegnonTottenham · Midfielder #19Moura replaces Sessegnon for the visitors in the final third. Sessegnon could have had an assist on another day.,0
sst: M. MountGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! THIAGO SILVA MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!!!! The Brazil international latches onto a sublime cross from Mount and glances his header away from Lloris into the bottom-right corner. Dier brings down Hudson-Odoi on the left flank, which bemuses the Tottenham players. Mount swings a perfect cross into the box for Thiago Silva to attack and he gets between two white shirts to direct his effort into the back of the net.,1
Asst: C. Hudson-OdoiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ZIYECH SCORES A STUNNER!!!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!!!! The winger collects on the edge of the Spurs box and curls a precise effort away Lloris into the top-left corner. Hudson-Odoi starts the move with burst past Tanganga down the left flank and he surges away from the defender. Hudson-Odoi offloads to Ziyech, who takes a touch before curling a sublime effort into the back of the net. A super strike.,1
orginho fouled Bergwijn in the build-up to Kane's disallowed goal and is booked after the fact.,2
Tanganga brings down Hudson-Odoi on the charge and goes into the book.,2
hiago Silva blocks off the run of Bergwijn racing upfield and goes into the book.,2
sst: Á. CorreaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FELIX NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 4-0 ATLETICO!!!! The Portuguese secures the win for the home side in emphatic fashion, finishing on the half-volley from close range. Torreira releases Correa over the top with a precise long ball. The forward cuts a perfectly-weighted pass back for an unmarked Felix. He holds his composure to blast his effort past Ledesma into the back of the net.,1
Jens JønssonCádiz · Midfielder #2Garrido enters the action to replace Jonsson for the visitors.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Kondogbia makes his bow for Atletico as he replaces Koke in the middle of the park.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Suarez is withdrawn for Lemar in the final third.,0
Héctor HerreraAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16Herrera is withdrawn in the Atletico midfield for Torreira.,0
Augusto FernándezCádiz · Midfielder #17Pombo enters the action for the visitors to replace Fernandez in the midfield.,0
Anthony LozanoCádiz · Striker #9Perea comes on for the visitors to replace Lozano in the final third.,0
onsson brings down Felix on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Correa replaces Llorente on the right flank for the home side.,0
sst: J. FélixGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SUAREZ SCORES!!! 3-0!!!! The Uruguayan puts Atletico three goals to the good. He latches on to a precise offload from Felix and stays behind the last defender Fali. He strikes low and hard on his left foot towards the bottom-right corner, beating the hand of Ledesma to find the back of the net. The referee initially disallows the goal for offside, but after a VAR check he awards the goal, much to the delight of the Atletico forward.,1
Alfonso EspinoCádiz · Defender #22Alcala replaces Akapo for the visitors at the back.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LLORENTE DOUBLES ATLETICO'S LEAD!!!! 2-0!!! Ledesma is at fault again for the visitors allowing a tame strike from Llorente to beat him at his near post. Alex loses out to the Atletico midfielder, who fires a low strike towards goal. Ledesma should make a simple stop, but the ball travels through the keeper and into the back of the net.,1
sst: M. LlorenteGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FELIX NODS ATLETICO IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!! Ledesma produces a howler for the visitors. The Cadiz keeper comes well off his line to gather a deep cross from Trippier and fumbles the ball. Llorente helps it back into the middle where Felix rises. He powers a header towards the net to beat the man on the line with Ledesma stranded to hand the hosts the lead.,1
lways a combative figure, Rui receives a needless yellow card for pulling back Sakala near the halfway line.,2
 particularly clumsy challenge by Kim on Lundstram concedes a free-kick 30 yards from goal, on the right, and he is shown a yellow card too.,2
Giovanni Di LorenzoNapoli · Defender #22Following another captain's performance, having dominated the right flank and set up the opening goal, Di Lorenzo receives warm applause as he departs; Zanoli comes on.,0
Giacomo RaspadoriNapoli · Striker #81Raspadori has earned his rest; Zerbin is given the opportunity to replace him.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68After another impressive shift in the engine room, Lobotka makes way for Zielinski.,0
Asst: G. RaspadoriGAME OVER! Ostigard kills off any lingering hope for Rangers, as he plants a powerful header past McGregor from the centre of the box, following an inswinging corner by Raspadori. It's 3-0 to Napoli, who march remorselessly on - they haven't even been in top gear!,1
Leon KingRangers · Defender #38King can't continue after sustaining a possible ankle injury, so limps off to be replaced by Barisic.,0
Elif ElmasNapoli · Midfielder #7Carrying a minor muscular injury, or perhaps some cramp, Elmas makes way; Gaetano comes on to replace him.,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Spalletti makes a double change: First, Politano shares playing time with right-wing rival Lozano once again.,0
Alfredo MorelosRangers · Striker #20Shortly after his glaring miss, Morelos makes way for Rangers' top scorer Colak.,0
Malik TillmanRangers · Midfielder #71A frustrating game for Tillman comes to its conclusion; Arfield is his midfield replacement.,0
Scott WrightRangers · Midfielder #23Perhaps unsurprisingly, Rangers have made a half-time change: Sakala adds some pace to the Rangers attack, with Wright making way.,0
or clearly hauling back Ndombele - practically attempting a shirt swap before full-time - Lundstram is deservedly booked.,2
Asst: M. RuiSIMEONE STRIKES AGAIN! Rangers are in trouble here, as Napoli once more slice through the visitors' defence like a hot knife through butter! Simeone grabs a quickfire double by turning in Rui's curling cross from the left with his head. Already, it's 2-0 at the Maradona!,1
Asst: G. Di LorenzoNAPOLI LEAD! A typically razor-sharp move down the right-hand side sees Napoli captain Di Lorenzo whip a delicious low ball towards the right side of the area, before Simeone takes a cool touch and rifles it in at the far post. McGregor had no chance, and despite their changes, the home side look in full flow already: 1-0!,1
Putting him in trouble for the remaining 80-plus minutes, Davies is booked for an ill-timed lunging challenge on Raspadori in midfield. He may well regret that later on.,2
For his foul on Kane and perhaps the verbal exchanges after, Reed goes into Coote's book in the closing moments of this fixture.,2
Antonee RobinsonFulham · Defender #33On the left-hand side, Parker opts for the fresher legs of Bryan and brings off Robinson to give the American a rest.,0
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28The visitors' third change sees Lamela replace Ndombele. Sissoko will now sit deeper and partner Hojbjerg in the middle of the park.,0
Ivan CavaleiroFulham · Midfielder #17Cavaleiro's game is over as Parker sends on Mitrovic to go and hassle Sanchez and Alderweireld up top. It looks like for the time being, Maja will move out to the right-hand side to accomodate for the Serbian forward's arrival.,0
Gareth BaleTottenham · Midfielder #9Bale fails to have the same impact he did against Burnley and Mourinho brings him off for Lucas as part of his second-half double change.,0
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Mourinho makes a double change at Craven Cottage. The first of which sees Alli, whose first-half goal ended up being credited to Adarabioyo, brought off for Sissoko in midfield.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekFulham · Midfielder #15Loftus-Cheek comes off for Zambo Anguissa as Parker makes his first change of the game.,0
ale attempts to stop Loftus-Cheek's driving run with a wild sliding challenge in the middle of the park. The Welshman catches the midfielder late and he becomes the first Spurs name in Coote's book.,2
Challenges continue to fly in at Craven Cottage and it looks like Lookman has finally overstepped the mark on Doherty near the right-hand touchline. Coote decides he has seen enough and gives Lookman the first caution of the game.,2
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Arsenal loanee Torreira has been in the gossip pages this week. There has been talk the Gunners want to recall him and send him back out on loan somewhere he'll get more first-time minutes. He'll get five of them here tonight, as he replaces Lemar.,0
Uroš RačićValencia · Midfielder #19And the goalscorer Racic makes way too, with Koindredi his replacement.,0
Manu VallejoValencia · Striker #21Gameiro is on in attack, replacing Vallejo.,0
Yunus MusahValencia · Midfielder #30Some changes coming for Valencia. Musah goes off, Jason comes on.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Simeone makes another sub. Llorente off, Kondogbia on in midfield. Will we see Dembele tonight?,0
Asst: M. LlorenteGOAL! Correa makes it 3-1, that might just do it! It's an incisive move from Atletico down the right. Llorente is played in behind and he carries the ball forward, drifts into the penalty area and pulls it back for a tap-in for the substitute.,1
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Joao Felix goes off after an excellent performance. A goal and an assist for him tonight. Correa comes on.,0
Denis CheryshevValencia · Midfielder #17A second change for the visitors. Guedes comes on to replace Cheryshev.,0
sst: J. FélixGOAL! 2-1 ATLETICO, VINTAGE LUIS SUAREZ! Felix recieves the ball in space on the left touchline and drives infield, laying the ball off for Suarez at the corner of the area. He gets to the edge of the six-yard box and, while the angle looks to be tight, slips the ball calmly around Domenech and in off the far post. The perfect finish.,1
Mouctar DiakhabyValencia · Defender #12Diakhaby's second half lasts less than two minutes as he limps off. Guillamon comes on in his place.,0
Šime VrsaljkoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #24Atletico make a change at the break. Renan Lodi is on for Vrsaljko.,0
It's getting a bit testy now. Vrsaljko is shown the first yellow card of the night for elbowing Vallejo as they contested a high ball in the centre circle.,2
sst: T. LemarGOAL! 1-1, Joao Felix turns home! It's a goal from a corner and Lemar must get credit for an excellent delivery. He fires in a superb inswinging corner towards the back post, and the Portuguese starlet is just able to hold off Correia and stab the ball in with the bottom of his boot. Domenech gets a touch but can't keep it out.,1
Asst: J. GayáWHAT A GOAL! 1-0 VALENCIA, RACIC WITH A STUNNER! It comes out of nowhere. Gaya knocks it into his path in a central position some 30 yards out. With nobody closing him down, Racic looks up and wraps his left foot around the ball first time, curling it away from Oblak into the top-right corner. An absolute beauty.,1
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Tottenham throw on another centre-back to defend their lead. Tanganga makes a rare Premier League apperance with Perisic coming off.,0
Another yellow card. This time Tottenham's Romero goes into the book for dissent.,2
Oliver SkippTottenham · Midfielder #4Tottenham are letting the clock run down with a straight swap in the midfield. Sarr replaces Skipp.,0
ojbjerg is shown a yellow card after pulling the shirt of Mac Allister. He did not complain about giving away that foul against the Argentine.,2
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34Brighton are a goal behind and have decided to bring on another striker. Enciso comes on for Veltman.,0
Asst: P. HøjbjergGOALLLL! KANE SCORES! 2-1 TOTTENHAM! What a move from Tottenham. Son starts the move, playing it through the legs of Webster to Hojbjerg who makes a run down the right flank. The midfielder plays it across the box to Kane who rushes in and places his defelcted effort past Steele.,1
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Tottenham make their first switch of the game with 12 minutes left. It comes in the attack with Danjuma replacing Kulusevski.,0
Levi ColwillBrighton · Defender #6A switch a centre-back for Brighton. Webster replaces Colwill with the Seagulls now playing the team that started against Bournemouth.,0
The game has an edge to it now with another player going into the book. This time Perisic is shown a yellow card after jumping into a tackle on Gross.,2
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Welbeck thought he had scored earlier in the half and is now coming off. Ferguson found the back of the net last time out and is now coming on to try and do the same today.,0
Gross is the first player to go into the book after complaining to the referee.,2
sst: S. MarchGOALLL! WHAT A HEADER FROM DUNK! 1-1! It's a great header from Dunk, but Tottenham should be doing better. March's curling corner finds the centre-back who runs from the middle of the box to the back post before powering his effort past Lloris. Dunk was not marked by anyone in a Spurs shirt at any point.,1
sst: I. PerišićGOALLLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM SON! 1-0 SPURS! What a way to score your 100th Premier League goal! Perisic plays a short pass to Son on the left. Moving inside, he curls his effort past Veltman who does not close him down quickly enough and into the top corner.,1
Asst: A. DossenaLUVUMBO LEVELS IT! Napoli's misery continues! Dossena's long, high ball up from the back drops behind the champions' defence, and Luvumbo reacts before Juan Jesus, turning and finishing past Meret from close range! That's a real calamity from Calzona's men, and the home fans go wild! It's 1-1 deep in stoppage time!,1
Deiola brings down Anguissa and receives a yellow card. The latter is apparently left injured, so there's a brief pause for treatment before he continues.,2
Pasquale MazzocchiNapoli · Defender #30Ostigard is also thrown on, to shore up Napoli's defence. Mazzocchi makes way.,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Calzona makes his final changes. First, goalscorer Osimhen is replaced by Simeone up front.,0
Giacomo RaspadoriNapoli · Striker #81Lindstrom also trots on to the pitch, with Raspadori making way.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Napoli now make a double change, seeking fresh legs to see them through until full-time. First, Cajuste comes on for Zielinski in midfield.,0
Tommaso AugelloCagliari · Defender #27Augello is also withdrawn; Inter loanee Oristanio will replace him.,0
Leonardo PavolettiCagliari · Striker #30As first feared, Pavoletti cannot carry on. Fortunately, Cagliari have another capable deputy available, ex-Napoli striker Petagna.,0
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Calzona uses the break in play to swap Kvaratskhelia for Politano. That's a vote of confidence for Raspadori, who may have expected to be withdrawn.,0
aving remonstrated with the referee following Napoli's latest attack, Nandez sees a yellow card flashed in his direction for dissent.,2
sst: G. RaspadoriNAPOLI LEAD! Moments after missing one headed chance, Osimhen makes no mistake with another! He puts the champions in front, arriving unmarked at the back post to nod home Raspadori's cross from the right! The latter stole the ball from Augello and delivered it perfectly: it's 1-0 to Napoli, and all Cagliari's hard work is undone!,1
Gianluca GaetanoCagliari · Midfielder #70Having been anonymous against his parent club, Gaetano also departs, with Viola sent on in his place.,0
Jakub JanktoCagliari · Midfielder #21Jankto does indeed have to come off, so Zappa arrives from the bench. That's the first of a triple substitution from Ranieri.,0
Gianluca LapadulaCagliari · Striker #9Finally, super-sub Pavoletti is introduced up front, in a straight swap for Lapadula.,0
For shoving over Raspadori inside his own half, Luvumbo is booked by the referee. There could be no disputing that decision.,2
n the latest episode of his ongoing tussle with Juan Jesus, Lapadula catches his fellow South American with an elbow and receives a yellow card.,2
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #17Chelsea's final change sees Sterling making way for Broja up front.,0
Receiving his second booking of the Premier League season, goalscorer Mount sees yellow for tussling with Buendia in midfield and grabbing a handful of the Villa man's shirt.,2
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Gerrard makes his final change: local lad Ramsey comes off to general applause from the Villa Park faithful, and Dendoncker will replace him.,0
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7Villa captain McGinn sees his number come up; Coutinho comes on for a cameo in the final stages.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Striker #31In an immediate response to his team going two goals down, Steven Gerrard takes off Bailey, and Buendia is sent on to inspire an improbable comeback.,0
MOUNT DOUBLES UP! With a wickedly dipping free-kick from the left side of the area, over 20 yards out from goal, Mount flummoxes Martinez and finds the back of the net! His shot crosses the line in the centre of the goal, so Villa's keeper may be disappointed with his failure to respond. Nevertheless, it's 2-0 to Chelsea: surely game over!,1
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Kovacic is the latest Chelsea player replaced by Potter; Jorginho comes on to help see out the result.,0
Caught out by a typically marauding run from Ramsey, substitute Koulibaly is booked for stopping his opponent by using an outstretched arm.,2
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangChelsea · Striker #9A fruitless game for Aubameyang comes to an early end: Gallagher comes on to replace him. Will that result in another reshuffle by Potter?,0
Marc CucurellaChelsea · Defender #32After being caught out a number of times in the first half, Cucurella is replaced by Azpilicueta in the Chelsea defence.,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Midfielder #29Signalling a change of approach from the visitors, Havertz makes way for Koulibaly at the break.,0
For bringing down Ramsey with a late studs-up challenge, Chilwell is booked by the referee. Some would argue that was worthy of a red card.,2
CHELSEA LEAD! An ugly error by Mings opens the door for Mount, and the Chelsea man strides right through! After the Villa defender skews a headed clearance up into the air, leaving Martinez stranded, and Mount pounces with a cool finish into the bottom-right corner from close range. Out of nothing, it's 1-0 to Chelsea!,1
GOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 2-3 TOTTENHAM! Spurs have turned this game around! Son takes their latest corner from the left. Bournemouth block Bentancur's first shot, but the ball pops up for the Uruguayan to rifle into the net at the second attempt!,1
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Midfielder #9Bournemouth want to shut up shop. Stephens, a defender, replaces Solanke.,0
Ryan SessegnonTottenham · Midfielder #19Sessegnon's game for Tottenham is over. The 22-year-old has put in a decent shift. Gil is his replacement.,0
ook lands his name in the book for a foul on Lucas right on the edge of the D. This looks promising for Spurs.,2
Asst: I. PerišićGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 2-2 TOTTENHAM! Spurs have come from two goals down to equalise! They get yet another corner, which Perisic takes. The Croatian floats it towards the middle where Davies is in place to head it home!,1
Emerson RoyalTottenham · Midfielder #12Tottenham make a fourth substitution. Perisic replaces Emerson.,0
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth decide to make their first change. Anthony takes Billing's place on the pitch.,0
Sessegnon's shown the game's first yellow card for barging over Tavernier.,2
Yves BissoumaTottenham · Midfielder #38Tottenham make two more changes as they continue to chase the game. Bentancur replaces Bissouma in central midfield first.,0
Davinson SánchezTottenham · Defender #6Dier also takes Sanchez's place at centre-back. The Colombian was at fault for Bournemouth's second goal especially.,0
Asst: P. HøjbjergGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 2-1 TOTTENHAM! Spurs are back in it! Sessegnon races onto Hojbjerg's slide-rule pass to beat the offside trap and fire in off the foot of the right post. Game on!,1
Asst: A. SmithGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 2-0 TOTTENHAM! Moore grabs his second goal of the game! Solanke gets into space down the right and passes back to Smith, who curls in right-footed first time. Moore gets between Sanchez and Emerson to power a header in off the bar!,1
Oliver SkippTottenham · Midfielder #4Conte doesn't waste time in making a change. Skipp, who's unlucky to go off, is replaced by Lucas.,0
Asst: M. TavernierGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 1-0 TOTTENHAM! The Cherries strike on the counter-attack! Solanke flicks the ball into the path of Tavernier. The winger squares it for Moore, and the Welshman calmly slots it past Lloris!,1
David TimorGetafe · Midfielder #24Another switch for the visitors as Patrick enters the action in place of Timor. ,0
imenez is the next player to be booked after synically bringing down Cucurella who was on the break. ,2
txeita is shown a yellow card for a foul on the halfway line. ,2
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9A defensive change for Atletico as Gimenez comes on for goalscorer Suarez. ,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7At the same time Joao Felix makes way for Correa. ,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11A double switch for the hosts as Lemar is replaced by Torreira in midfield. ,0
Jaime MataGetafe · Striker #7A first switch for Getafe as Unal replaces Mata in attack for the visitors. ,0
Šime VrsaljkoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #24Simeone reshuffles his pack as Vrsaljko is replaced by Saul. A change of shape looks likely. ,0
Savic is booked after throwing his arm out at a Getafe forward. The ball was already out of play so that could prove a costly mistake from the defender later in the match. ,2
odriguez gets the first booking of the evening as he hacks down Lemar as Atletico looked to counter-attack. ,2
sst: Y. Ferreira CarrascoGOOOAALLLLLL!!! 1-0. SUAREZ!!!!!! It’s a lovely goal from Atletico Madrid. From the free kick, Carrasco whips in a delightful cross and there’s Suarez to find the far bottom corner of Yanez’ goal with a deft header from 15 yards out. The hosts take an early lead.,1
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Simeone is also making a double change as he brings on Saul for Suarez.,0
José María GiménezAtlético Madrid · Defender #2Gimenez is also taken off, with Felipe on in his place.,0
Iván MarconeElche · Midfielder #4Marcone is also going off, with Josan on to replace him.,0
JosemaElche · Defender #24Another double change for Elche now and Josema is the first to make way, with Rodriguez on in his place.,0
The yellow card is out again, this time for Barragan after he clumsily drags Carrasco to ground.,2
oye is judged to have handled the ball when he won it back and he kicks it away in frustration which earns him a yellow card for dissent.,2
Pere MillaElche · Striker #10Third change for Elche now and Escriba is taking off Milla for Nino.,0
Milla is booked after he slides in late on Trippier and although he gets the ball, he takes out the right-back on the follow-through,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Second change for Atletico now, and it's Correa that's being taken off, with Koke replacing him.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Atletico are making their first change of the game now and it's Lemar that's making way for Joao Felix.,0
Tete MorenteElche · Midfielder #11Elche are making a double change at the start of the second half as they bring Piatti on for Morente.,0
Helibelton PalaciosElche · Defender #18Barragan is also being brought on in place of Palacios.,0
Carrasco thinks he should've won a corner which isn't given and he's making his frustration very clear to the referee which earns him a yellow card for dissent.,2
Lemar steps across to try and win the ball off Guti, but steps on his foot and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: Y. Ferreira CarrascoLLORENTE SCORES! Carrasco pulls the ball back to the penalty spot where Llorente is hovering unmarked and he hits the shot first time. He fires it on goal and it takes a deflection off Josema's arm on the way through which is what takes it past Gazzaniga into the back of the net. 1-0 Atletico!,1
ross' corner is attacked by Dunk. The ball runs loose and the centre-back, in an attempt to keep the attack alive, lunges in on Cahill two-footed and is rightly dismissed. There was no malice in the challenge, but he left the floor and has to go.,3
Asst: A. ConnollyGOOOOAAALLL!!! PALACE 1-1 BRIGHTON!! Substitute Mac Allister has snatched a point for Brighton in the final minute! Ward miscues the clearance and Maupay's pass rolls through to Mac Allister, who drills a slightly deflected shot away from Guaita into the bottom-left corner.,1
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Benteke is introduced for Schlupp for the final few stages to give Palace a bit more height in the box.,0
McArthur enters the referee's book after accidentally catching Webster on the ankle.,2
Michy BatshuayiCrystal Palace · Striker #23Striker Batshuayi, who had a goal ruled out for offside, is replaced by holding midfielder Milivojevic.,0
Dan BurnBrighton · Defender #33Gross is on for Burn in the last of Brighton's three changes.,0
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Midfielder #11Trossard is also replaced as Brighton make a double change, with Connolly on in his place.,0
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana, still not quite 100 per cent match fit, is replaced by Mac Allister in the first of the game's changes.,0
Lamptey is sent flying to the ground by Zaha but nothing is given. Guaita takes a little too long over the goal-kick and is shown a yellow card.,2
Mitchell drags back on Trossard and is issued with a yellow card by the referee Stuart Atwell.,2
issouma is booked for bringing down Zaha and halting a Palace counter.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLL!!! PALACE 1-0 BRIGHTON!! Zaha sends the ball to the right and Ryan dives to the left. Palace, against the run of play, have a one-goal lead at Selhurst Park!,1
yan is cautioned for protesting the decision to award a penalty. After a VAR check, though, the decision stands.,2
Václav JemelkaViktoria Plzeň · Defender #21After an eventful game, including a goal-line block and an assist, Jemelka makes way for Holik.,0
Franck KessiéBarcelona · Midfielder #19Xavi now makes another substitution, as Kessie gives way for Torre in midfield.,0
Jan SýkoraViktoria Plzeň · Midfielder #7Goalscorer Sykora is replaced by veteran winger Pilar, who is the only Plzen player who played in their game against Barcelona 11 years ago.,0
Adam VlkanovaViktoria Plzeň · Midfielder #88Plzen opt for a triple change. First, Vlkanova makes way for Cermak.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7A brilliant performance from Dembele comes to an early end; Depay is his replacement.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8A thunderous round of applause sends Pedri from the field, and Gavi will replace him for the final 15 minutes.,0
Asst: O. DembéléBARCA BAG FIVE! Minutes after his assist upon arriving from the bench, Torres scores! A delightful lobbed ball over Plzen's static back four by Dembele picks him out, and the Spain striker does not hesitate in volleying home from close range! 5-1!,1
sst: F. TorresLEWY GETS HIS HAT-TRICK! Just onto the pitch, Torres picks out Lewandowski with a cute flicked pass into the striker's path, and with typical aplomb, Lewy obliges - driving the ball past Stanek from the edge of the box and into the bottom-right corner! It's 4-1 to Barca!,1
Tomáš ChorýViktoria Plzeň · Striker #15Having just narrowly missed out with his best chance of the game, Chory is replaced; Bassey comes on up front.,0
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Striker #10Ansu's game is now over, and Torres will take his place in the Barca front three.,0
For tugging the shorts of Dembele, bringing the French forward down, Jemelka is booked by the referee.,2
For a foul on Pedri out on the left flank, Chory is shown a yellow card.,2
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20After an impressive first half, Roberto is withdrawn. Pique provides an experienced replacement, and Kounde may now shift across to the right.,0
sst: O. DembéléBARCA HAVE A THIRD! The home side restore their two-goal lead before the break, as Lewandowski steers in a header at the back post from close range! Once again, Dembele was Barcelona's key creative force, and it was the winger's cross which picked the Polish hitman out. It's 3-1 heading to the interval!,1
sst: V. JemelkaPLZEN PULL ONE BACK! On the counter, Sykora scores for the Czech champions! Having saved an almost certain goal at the other end, Jemelka pops up in the Barca box; clipping over a ball from the left byline for his colleague to steer past Ter Stegen from close range! Plzen are back in it: 2-1 to Barca!,1
sst: S. RobertoLEWY STRIKES! Barcelona go two goals ahead before half-time! A surging run through the centre by Roberto ends with a layoff to Lewandowski, and the latter takes two touches before unleashing an unerring finish into the bottom-right corner. The Plzen defenders backed off too much, and the record-breaking striker needed no more invitation!,1
Not only is Mosquera denied a penalty by the VAR's intervention, but he also picks up a booking for an elbow on Christensen in the build-up.,2
Asst: J. KoundéBARCELONA LEAD! On his first start for the club, Kessie strikes! An outswinging corner from the right finds the head of Kounde near the penalty spot, and the Frenchman's cushioned nod-down lands perfectly in the path of his fellow new boy to score with a header from close range! That's 1-0 to the hosts, and no more than their start deserves.,1
ernica takes down Dembele - who has started this game in flying form - with a clumsy challenge just outside the area; earning the game's first yellow card.,2
Dalot gets in front of Magunazelaia to cut off his run but catches him in the face with his elbow in the process. Much to the right-back's frustration, he's shown a yellow card.,2
Brais MéndezReal Sociedad · Midfielder #23And La Real's final changes sees Mendez taken off for Zubeldia.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14United are making a double change here. Eriksen is first to go off, with Fred on in his place.,0
ernandez is taking a long time to leave the pitch after his number goes up on the board, and he's booked for time-wasting on his way off.,2
onaldo leads with his arm as he leaps to head the ball, and he catches Elustondo in the head. He goes into the referee's book.,2
Mendez blocks off Shaw's run to give away a free-kick and then kicks the ball away in frustration, so he's booked for dissent.,2
artinez was shown a yellow card for the initial tackle on Mendez, and it means that he'll miss United's next match in the competition.,2
Pablo MarínReal Sociedad · Midfielder #42And Marin goes off, with Navarro on in his place.,0
Andoni GorosabelReal Sociedad · Defender #18Now for La Real's substitutions. Gorosabel is making way for Elustondo.,0
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2And McTominay comes on in place of Lindelof, which means United are switching to a back three.,0
Donny van de BeekMan United · Midfielder #34Both sides are making a double change here, starting with United. Van de Beek is the first to make way, with Rashford replacing him.,0
Asst: C. RonaldoGARNACHO SCORES! De Gea goes long and Fernandes gets the flick-on to Ronaldo, who lays it off to Garnacho down the left. Gorosabel had been dragged away, which allows the youngster the space as he surges into the box before rifling a powerful shot over Remiro and into the far top corner. 1-0 United!,1
André-Frank Zambo AnguissaNapoli · Midfielder #99Ndombele is also on for the hosts, replacing Anguissa.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Napoli replace Lobotka with Simeone now as we enter the final stages.,0
Flavius DaniliucSalernitana · Defender #5Lovato is on for Daniliuc, with the latter making his departure with what looks to be a slight knock.,0
Asst: G. KastanosGOAL! SALERNITANA EQUALISE! 1-1! Put the party on hold, the visitors have spoiled the parade for Napoli! It's a spectacular solo effort from Dia, who steps in off the right flank, beats the defence and curls it around Meret!,1
Mathías OliveraNapoli · Defender #17Likely matchwinner Olivera is off as Napoli bring on Jesus for the closing stages.,0
Pirola is the latest man into the book. That is three yellow cards in the space of five minutes.,2
ow Daniliuc is booked, with the defender seeing yellow too. The referee is getting a little liberal with his cards.,2
Olivera adds a yellow card to his haul for the day as he is pinned for a foul by the referee.,2
Pasquale MazzocchiSalernitana · Midfielder #30Sambia takes the place of Mazzocchi in Salernitana's fourth alteration.,0
Domagoj BradarićSalernitana · Midfielder #3The visitors replace Bradaric with Bohinen for their third swap.,0
Tonny VilhenaSalernitana · Midfielder #10Piatek is on for Vilhena in Salernitana's second change.,0
Asst: G. RaspadoriGOAL! NAPOLI HAVE THEIR LEAD! 1-0! Is that the goal that clinches the Scudetto? From a corner, Olivera sticks up a header in the middle of the box and drags it past Ochoa at the left post. Lift-off inside Stadio Diego Armando Maradona.,1
Hirving LozanoNapoli · Striker #11Napoli introduce Elmas for Lozano in their first change.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Zielinski makes way for Raspadori in Napoli's second change.,0
The first booking of the game, and it goes against Zielinski for a wild lunge of a challenge just outside his own box.,2
Antonio CandrevaSalernitana · Midfielder #87The visitors have made a change at the break too, with Botheim on for Candreva.,0
Kean is now in the book after pushing Pickel. He stopped the Cremonese midfielder from taking a free-kick.,2
Lochoshvili receives a late yellow card. That's Cremonese's fifth of the game.,2
GOAALLLLL! JUVENTUS LEAVE IT LATE TO SCORE THE OPENER! 1-0! It’s a brilliant free-kick from Milik. Quiet for most of the game, his free-kick beats the wall and curls towards the bottom corner. Carnesecchi gets a touch on it, but he pushes it against the inside of the post and into the net.,1
aleri receives a yellow card after sliding down Rabiot on the edge of the box. Paredes wants to take the free-kick, which is just inside shooting range.,2
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #17Substitution for Juventus on the left wing. Kostic is given a rest and is replaced by Iling-Junior for the final few minutes.,0
Cyriel DessersCremonese · Striker #90Substitution for Cremonese. Dessers has come close to scoring, recently hitting the post, but his game is now over. He is replaced by Afena-Gyan.,0
Michele CastagnettiCremonese · Midfielder #19Substitution for Cremonese. After being heavily involved in the midfield battle, Castagnetti is replaced by Milanese.,0
he game is getting a bit heated. This time Bremer is punished for putting a hand in the face of Buonaiuto.,2
Straight after coming on, Rabiot receives a yellow card. With a free-kick already given, he bundles Meite to the floor.,2
Meite is given a yellow card after committing a foul in the air.,2
Dessers is given a yellow card. In conversation with the referee, he jumps to the floor.,2
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #8Substitution for Juventus. McKennie is replaced by Rabiot. Juventus now have two World Cup finalists in the midfield.,0
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Substitution in for Juventus. It comes in the midfield, with Miretti coming off for Paredes.,0
Alex FerrariCremonese · Defender #24Substitution in the Cremonese defence. Ferrari, who is on a yellow card, is replaced by Hendry.,0
David OkerekeCremonese · Striker #77Substitution for Cremonese. It comes in the attack, with Okereke coming off for Buonaiuto.,0
Nicolò FagioliJuventus · Midfielder #44Substitution for Juventus. Allegri adds another attacker, with Kean coming on for Fagioli.,0
Matías SouléJuventus · Midfielder #30Substitution for Juventus. It comes on the right wing, with Chiesa replacing Soule.,0
Ferrari receives the first yellow card of the game after sliding into Miretti.,2
GOALLLLLL!! 3-0 BARCA! Roberto slams in to the roof of the net on the volley from inside the area after Messi’s initial shot was saved by the feet of Villar.,1
eltran uses both arms to bring down De Jong and is booked for his challenge. Barcelona's midfielder went one way then the other there and coasted past him with relative ease.,2
usquets is cautioned for a tactical foul on Aspas near halfway which stopped Celta's striker from racing away.,2
Despite his best intentions, Alba is booked after sliding in late on goalkeeper Villar when chasing a pass in to the area.,2
Murillo is booked for hacking at Messi's ankles from behind. That was a careless tackle from Celta's defender.,2
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Midfielder #22Trincao is brought on the replace Barcelona's first goalscorer Fati.,0
Philippe CoutinhoBarcelona · Midfielder #14Pedri comes on for Coutinho, who set up Fati for the first goal.,0
Tapia stops Coutinho from progressing by tackling him with his shoulder and the referee cautions the midfielders for his cynical effort.,2
Gabri VeigaCelta Vigo · Midfielder #31Veiga, who looked bright in the first half, is brought off for Nolito.,0
Emre MorCelta Vigo · Striker #11Mor is switched out up front for Mina as Garcia looks to chase the game.,0
estor Araujo is booked for pushing down Fati off the ball in the centre of the pitch.,2
Joseph AidooCelta Vigo · Defender #18Aidoo, who was booked in the first half, is replaced at half-time by Baeza.,0
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Midfielder #7Griezmann is the man to be sacrificed to shore up the defence and on comes Ronald Araujo in place of the French attacker.,0
ique is booked for dissent following the sending off of his fellow centre-back.,2
RED CARD! A second yellow is shown to Lenglet for dragging back Suarez on the right and he is off!,3
Aidoo is cautioned for tripping up Fati after the winger had raced away from him on the left wing.,2
José FontánCelta Vigo · Defender #29Fontan has clearly picked up a knock after an earlier tackle with Busquets and despite receiving no treatment, he will be replaced by Araujo.,0
Lenglet clips Veiga's ankles as the midfielder spins past him on the edge of the area and is rightfully booked.,2
Asst: P. CoutinhoGOALLLLL!!! 1-0 BARCA! Coutinho stabs a pass through to Fati, who turns in the area before prodding in with the outside of his right boot in to the bottom left corner.,1
Edouard is yellow-carded after a really late challenge on Walker.,2
Grealish receives a booking after bringing down Gallagher on the Palace right.,2
ouyate is the first player to go in the book, after he brings down De Bruyne as the Belgian midfielder looked to counter.,2
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19The impressive Mbeumo, scorer of the first and provider of the second, makes way for Canos.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9The foul for the yellow card was Antonio's last act of the game, as he comes off for Vlasic.,0
Asst: B. MbeumoToney doubles the lead!!! Mbeumo does really well to hook a Henry cross back over to his strike partner. Toney has to reach back for it a little, but gets sufficient power and direction on the ball to send his header into the back of the net to make it 2-0.,1
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10Benrahma comes on against his former club, receiving warm applause from both sets of fans as he makes his way onto the pitch. Lanzini is the man to make way.,0
Asst: I. ToneyBrentford take the lead!!! Ajer takes the throw-in and finds Toney, who sidefoots the ball first-time to Mbeumo. The Frenchman then finishes past Fabianski to make it 1-0,1
Kurt ZoumaWest Ham · Defender #4Zouma does indeed make way, with Diop on to replace him.,0
Danny IngsSouthampton · Striker #9Ings also comes off, with Romeu slotting into midfield, leaving Long up front on his own.,0
Pierre-Emile HøjbjergSouthampton · Midfielder #23Hojbjerg is the man to make way so that Vestergaard can come on and take Stephens' place in defence.,0
GOAL!! WILLOCK SURELY SEALS THE WIN FOR ARSENAL!! Lacazette takes the free-kick and his first effort is blocked by the wall, but it ricochets back to him. The striker then thumps a half-volley at goal that McCarthy spills, and Willock is on hand to tuck the ball into the bottom corner! It's 2-0 to Arsenal now!,1
RED CARD86'Red card for Jack Stephens (Southampton). The original decision is confirmed by a VAR review.,3
ojbjerg plays a terrible back-pass from the left and it runs for Aubameyang to latch onto. Bednarek - the last man - slides in and takes the striker out, and he's sent off for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity!,3
Dani CeballosArsenal · Midfielder #8Meanwhile, Ceballos makes way for Maitland-Niles on the right of the midfield four.,0
Eddie NketiahArsenal · Striker #30Arteta now makes a double-change, bringing Nketiah off for Lacazette up front in the first switch.,0
Kieran TierneyArsenal · Defender #3That change is now made, with Tierney making way and Kolasinac coming on at left-back.,0
Nicolas PépéArsenal · Striker #19Arteta makes his first change of the evening, bringing Pepe off for Willock.,0
Walker-Peters is given a rough introduction to the game as he takes a heavy touch, but nicks the ball away as Saka comes flying in and catches the full-back, earning himself a yellow card.,2
Michael ObafemiSouthampton · Striker #20Hasenhuttl makes a double substitution at half-time as he looks to freshen things up. Obafemi comes off for Long up front in the first change.,0
Yan ValerySouthampton · Defender #43Valery is also replaced at right-back by Tottenham loanee Walker-Peters.,0
GOAL!!! ARSENAL ARE GIFTED THE LEAD!! Nketiah follows in as the ball is passed back to McCarthy and the Saints goalkeeper inexplicably passes the ball at the Gunners striker! It ricochets back towards goal and the young forward gets there first and rolls into an empty net! It's 1-0 to Arsenal!,1
Mustafi picks up an early booking for a clumsy, late challenge on Ings.,2
Ludovic BlasNantes · Striker #10Another change for Nantes as Bias makes way for Louza.,0
Randal Kolo MuaniNantes · Striker #23Antoine is trying to protect the lead as he brings off Muani, with Emond on for the final few minutes.,0
Moses SimonNantes · Striker #27Goalscorer Simon is also on his way back to the stands as Bamba gets five minutes to impress.,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23Draxler's night is also over as Sarabia comes on for the final 16 minutes.,0
Colin DagbaPSG · Defender #31Despite a strong performance, Dagba is replaced by Kehrer.,0
Asst: R. Kolo MuaniGOAAAALLLLLLLL - PSG 1-2 NANTES!!! Simon fires Nantes into an unlikely lead as Nantes score against the run of play. Incredible scenes at the Parc des Princes as the visitors launch a counter-attack and catch PSG sleeping at the back. A long ball caused problems, and Muani raced through on goal before teeing up Simon, who could not miss from inside the box.,1
erratti is the latest player to receive a yellow card after a clumsy challenge on Nantes midfielder Coco.,2
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11Pochettino now brings off Di Maria, with Paredes on in his place.,0
GOAAAALLLLL - PSG 1-1 NANTES - Out of nowhere, the visitors are level!!! Mbappe gifted Nantes possession, with his misplaced pass, picked up by Muani. The Nantes striker then moved onto his right foot and fired past Navas to level proceedings.,1
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12As expected, Rafinha's night is over early, with Icardi coming on in his place.,0
Another yellow card is shown as Traore brings down Dagba on the touchline.,2
PSG midfielder Rafinha is shown a yellow card for a sloppy challenge in midfield.,2
Simon is shown a yellow card for that challenge and he can have no complaints.,2
GOAAAALLLLL - PSG 1-0 NANTES - Nantes' resistance is broken as Draxler fires the home side into the lead. The German pounced on the edge of the box after Nantes failed to clear the danger, and his curling effort was placed perfectly, as Lafont was unable to stop his shot.,1
Kovacic dribbles away from Brownhill and McNeil, but Westwood steps across him to stop the run, which earns him a booking.,2
It's a clumsy challenge from Barnes as he crashes into the back of Jorginho, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Wout WeghorstBurnley · Striker #9Both sides are making a change now, starting with Burnley. It's Weghorst that's going off, with Barnes on in his place.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19And Chelsea's final change sees Werner coming on to replace Mount.,0
Reece JamesChelsea · Midfielder #24There's a double change for Chelsea following that goal. James is first to make way, with Kovacic on for him.,0
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7And Kante is also taken off, with Loftus-Cheek on to replace him.,0
PULISIC SCORES! Jorginho pokes the ball out to Saul on the left and he plays a low cross into the middle. Tarkowski can only poke it back towards goal in his attempts to block it and Pulisic is left with a close-range tap-in. 4-0 Chelsea!,1
Jay RodriguezBurnley · Striker #19Burnley are making the first change of the game, and it's Rodriguez that's going off for Cornet.,0
Asst: R. JamesHAVERTZ SCORES AGAIN! Burnley just can't keep up with Chelsea's lightning-quick start to the second half. It's switched out to James, who fizzes a great ball across the face of goal. Pope is drawn to it and Havertz manages to bundle it over the line under pressure. 3-0 Chelsea!,1
Asst: C. PulisicHAVERTZ SCORES! It's switched out to James on the right and he knocks it onto Pulisic ahead of him. He drags it back to curl a good cross into the far post, where Havertz has peeled off the back of Collins and he nods it in at the near post. 2-0 Chelsea!,1
Asst: T. ChalobahJAMES SCORES! The visitors have made a bright start to the second half, and they have their reward! Chalobah threads it through to James, who catches out McNeil with a clever bit of footwork. He eventually goes for goal himself, hitting his shot into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
Kovacic dribbles away from Brownhill and McNeil, but Westwood steps across him to stop the run, which earns him a booking.,2
It's a clumsy challenge from Barnes as he crashes into the back of Jorginho, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Wout WeghorstBurnley · Striker #9Both sides are making a change now, starting with Burnley. It's Weghorst that's going off, with Barnes on in his place.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19And Chelsea's final change sees Werner coming on to replace Mount.,0
Reece JamesChelsea · Midfielder #24There's a double change for Chelsea following that goal. James is first to make way, with Kovacic on for him.,0
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7And Kante is also taken off, with Loftus-Cheek on to replace him.,0
PULISIC SCORES! Jorginho pokes the ball out to Saul on the left and he plays a low cross into the middle. Tarkowski can only poke it back towards goal in his attempts to block it and Pulisic is left with a close-range tap-in. 4-0 Chelsea!,1
Jay RodriguezBurnley · Striker #19Burnley are making the first change of the game, and it's Rodriguez that's going off for Cornet.,0
Asst: R. JamesHAVERTZ SCORES AGAIN! Burnley just can't keep up with Chelsea's lightning-quick start to the second half. It's switched out to James, who fizzes a great ball across the face of goal. Pope is drawn to it and Havertz manages to bundle it over the line under pressure. 3-0 Chelsea!,1
Asst: C. PulisicHAVERTZ SCORES! It's switched out to James on the right and he knocks it onto Pulisic ahead of him. He drags it back to curl a good cross into the far post, where Havertz has peeled off the back of Collins and he nods it in at the near post. 2-0 Chelsea!,1
Asst: T. ChalobahJAMES SCORES! The visitors have made a bright start to the second half, and they have their reward! Chalobah threads it through to James, who catches out McNeil with a clever bit of footwork. He eventually goes for goal himself, hitting his shot into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
Asst: D. SuárezGOAAALLLLLL REAL MADRID 2-2 CELTA VIGO - Mina makes an immediate impact, and he levels the game with one of his first touches. He raced through the heart of the Madrid defence, and Celta have carved through them like a hot knife through butter. Fellow sub, Suarez played the pass, and Mina fired past Courtois!,1
Gareth BaleReal Madrid · Striker #11Bale leaves the field to a round of applause and Zidane sends on Mendy. That may mean a change in formation but for now Mendy has gone out towards the right wing.,0
Filip BradarićCelta Vigo · Midfielder #14Bradaric's night is over as he is replaced by Mina.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Kroos' last invovlement is to concede the throw-in and he could well be tonight's man of the match. On comes Modric for the final 10 minutes.,0
okuslu loses the ball in midfield, and he shows his frustration by booting Kroos into the air. Naturally, the referee shows him a yellow card!,2
ow Carvajal flies into Rafinha, and the former Barcelona man is having to play through the pain at the moment.,2
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Striker #7Vinícius Jnr is now stripped off and he replaces Hazard with less than 20 minutes remaining.,0
Bale is now in the book after a poor tackle through the back of Rafinha. That was naughty from the Welshman, and he is lucky to get away with that.,2
Fedor SmolovCelta Vigo · Striker #9That is Smolov's last involvement, and he is replaced by midfielder Denis Suarez.,0
enalty GoalGOAAALLLLLL REAL MADRID 2-1 CELTA VIGO - The visitors are punished, and Ramos continues his stunning record for a centre-back. The Spaniard took one stride before aiming for the bottom left-hand corner. Blanco went the right way, but he was never going to stop the shot from Ramos.,1
Olaza becomes the first man to be booked tonight after a poor tackle in midfield.,2
Kevin VázquezCelta Vigo · Midfielder #20Vazquez has been unable to shake off this injury and he is now replaced by Sisto.,0
sst: MarceloGOAAALLLLLL REAL MADRID 1-1 CELTA VIGO - Kroos fires Madrid back level, and we now have a real game on our hands. Benzema started the move as he played in Marcelo before the left-back turned a cross towards the edge of the box. The pass was meant for Benzema, but Kroos got their first, and he placed his shot into the bottom corner.,1
sst: I. AspasGOAAAALLLLL REAL MADRID 0-1 CELTA VIGO - Smolov fires the visitors into the lead, and the fans inside the Santiago Bernabeu are stunned. The forward stayed onside and raced onto Aspas's pass before firing into the bottom corner past Courtois.,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Striker #22Gnabry is replaced by Dajaku immediately after scoring the goal that puts his side up by two. ,0
Asst: R. LewandowskiBAYERN DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! 2-0 TO THE HOSTS! Lewandowski hits a powerful long ball over the top of the Wolfsburg defence, which Gnabry latches onto and dispatches into the net from inside the penalty area without any pressure from a defender! The visitors have fallen over at the final hurdle!,1
Asst: T. MüllerZIRKZEE’S DONE IT AGAIN! UNBELIEVABLE!  It’s TWO IN TWO FOR THE SUPER-SUB! Zirzkee gets onto the ball and shifts it to the right for Muller, who puts a low cross into the penalty area. The delivery ends up as a return-pass to the substitute, who can't help himself as he curls his first-time effort into the bottom corner of the goal from the penalty spot! 1-0 BAYERN! ,1
Philippe CoutinhoBayern · Midfielder #10Coutinho is taken off with seven minutes remaining, as Zirkzee is brought on for his second Bundesliga appearance - looking to make it two goals in two games.,0
Felix KlausWolfsburg · Striker #11Klaus’s work is done for the day, as Weghorst comes on to lead the line.,0
Arnold is booked for bringing Lewandowski down after a number of niggling challenges on the striker’s ankle.,2
ess than a minute after coming on, Otavio is booked for catching Pavard in the face. The substitute looked to turn around and flick the ball on for a team-mate, but he was unaware of his surroundings and booted the opposing defender instead. It’s not intentional - but it is reckless and deserving of a card.,2
Renato SteffenWolfsburg · Striker #8Otavio replaces Steffen in Wolfsburg’s second change of the match.,0
Xaver SchlagerWolfsburg · Midfielder #24Wolfsburg's first switch sees Schlager depart with Gerhardt coming on in his place. ,0
Kimmich is shown an early yellow card for catching the head of Klaus with his boot after a failed overhead kick in midfield - which is certainly not in the spirit of the season.,2
Javi MartínezBayern · Defender #8Boateng comes on for Martinez in injury time as the substitution could not wait until the half.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Midfielder #20Jota is carried off and is replaced by Tsimikas.,0
Jota sends Cancelo to the deck and is yellow-carded for his challenge.,2
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Alexander-Arnold enters the action for Liverpool to replace the goalscorer Salah. It was Salah at his best this afternoon.,0
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Guardiola makes his first change as Alvarez replaces Gundogan.,0
hiago slips as he slides into a challenge with Rodri. He catches his compatriot late and goes into the book.,2
Akanji bundles Nunez to the deck and goes into the box, presenting Liverpool with a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Asst: AlissonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SALAH SCORES A SPECIAL GOAL!!!!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! Salah converts his one-on-one opportunity this time. Alisson creates the goal after claiming a poor cross from De Bruyne from a free-kick. He launches a kick downfield where Salah is left alone with Cancelo. Salah turns Cancelo out of his boots and is left through on goal against Ederson. This time he clips his effort over the onrushing City keeper and into the back of the net.,1
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Elliott makes way for Carvalho in the middle of the park.,0
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Henderson enters the action in the middle of the park for the hosts to replace Fabinho.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Midfielder #9Firmino has been quiet today and is now withdrawn for Nunez in the final third.,0
abinho brings down Gundogan on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: R. MahrezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TORRES NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!!! 5-0 CITY!!!!!! Torres scores his second of the game with a well-placed header from six yards. Mahrez cuts inside from the right flank and delivers a precise cross that the Spaniard attacks in the middle. He heads his effort down and to the left and it strikes the inside of the post before travelling into the net.,1
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Maitland-Niles enters the action to replace Odegaard in the Arsenal midfield.,0
Rodri catches Tierney late on the boot and goes into the book.,2
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9Guardiola withdraws Jesus after a fine afternoon from the Brazilian, notching a goal and an assist. Mahrez replaces the forward.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangArsenal · Striker #14Aubameyang is spared the rest of the contest by Arteta and is replaced Lacazette.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Silva is withdrawn after a fine performance. Sterling replaces the Portuguese in the final third. There is no let up from Guardiola.,0
Asst: F. TorresGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RODRI MAKES IT FOUR!!!!! 4-0!!!! City are on their way to another dominant victory at home as Rodri curls in a low strike. Torres makes a good run to open up space on the edge of the Arsenal box. He works an offload back to Rodri, who shoots first time and bends his effort inside the right post into the bottom-right corner to beat Leno. A fine effort from the Spaniard.,1
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Elneny enters the game to replace Saka in the Arsenal midfield. Arteta is trying to protect his team from further damage.,0
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2Walker is withdrawn at the break for the home side and is replaced by Zinchenko. Cancelo will switch to the right flank.,0
sst: J. GrealishGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! JESUS STEERS HOME A SIMPLE EFFORT!!!!! 3-0 CITY!!!! City pour on the agony for the visitors as Jesus converts a low strike on his left foot after brilliant work by Grealish. The England man surges down the left flank and torments Chambers before supplying a low cross into the middle. Jesus slides in with one boot to stop the ball before completing the finish on the ground with his left foot.,1
OFF! Xhaka launches himself into a challenge with Cancelo off his feet and is dismissed by referee Atkinson. The contact appears to be minimal, but the intent was dangerous from the Arsenal man.,3
Kolasinac catches Jesus with a raised arm and goes into the book. The Gunners have to hold their cool at the back with two of their defenders now cautioned.,2
Cedric drags back Grealish on the charge in the Arsenal half and goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TORRES CONVERTS!!! 2-0 CITY!!!!! The homes side are in complete control already. Torres completes a simple finish from close range after Silva's cross travels through the Arsenal defence, allowing the Spaniard to score. It is horrendous defending from the Gunners as a poor delivery from Silva somehow works its way into the path of Torres. He is left unmarked to guide his effort past Leno.,1
sst: G. JesusGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GUNDOGAN HEADS CITY AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as Gundogan powers a header past Leno from close range. Silva and Jesus combine down the right flank before the Brazilian floats a cross to the back post. Gundogan coasts in behind Chambers and plants his effort down and past Leno before the keeper can react. A great start for City.,1
Asst: L. AlbertoGOAL! LAZIO SNATCH A POINT IN THE FINAL SECONDS! 1-1! Would you believe it, goalkeeper Provedel is the hero of the day! A half-hearted appeal for a penalty from the corner distracts Atletico long enough for the cross to be speared back in, and the shotstopper ghosts through to head home Luis Alberto’s delivery! Astonishing scenes!,1
Correa is into the book for a foul, and Lazio take the free-kick quickly. They'll have a corner, to see this one out. Provedel is up from his box for the last roll of the dice.,2
Immobile is also booked for protesting the prior yellow card.,2
atric is into the book now for a clumsy challenge on Griezmann.,2
Samuel LinoAtlético Madrid · Defender #12Atletico Madrid make their third change, introducing Riquelme for Lino.,0
Mattia ZaccagniLazio · Striker #20The hosts make a fifth change, with Pedro on for Zaccagni.,0
Matías VecinoLazio · Midfielder #5Lazio make their fourth swap as Cataldi comes on for Vecino.,0
Axel WitselAtlético Madrid · Defender #20Atletico Madrid make their second change, as Correa replaces Witsel.,0
Provedel makes amends with a save, before Lino is booked for bringing down Lazzari on the breakaway. This game is getting quite angry.,2
Daichi KamadaLazio · Midfielder #6The hosts make their third change, with Guendouzi on in place of Kamada.,0
Felipe AndersonLazio · Striker #7Lazio make their second change, with Felipe Anderson replaced by Isaksen.,0
Pablo BarriosAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #24Atletico make their first change at half-time, with goalscorer Barrios replaced by Gimenez.,0
Luca PellegriniLazio · Defender #3Lazio make their first change as Lazzari replaces Pellegrini.,0
Asst: N. MolinaGOAL! ATLETICO MADRID TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Against the run of play, the Rojiblancos are on top! It is Barrios who strikes after a well-worked passage, his ranged effort taking an almighty deflection off Kamada to wrong-foot Provedel!,1
riezmann is the first player into the book now, after he fouls Zaccagni following Atletico’s attempts to clear the corner. He’ll have to be careful from here on out.,2
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Striker #10Saint-Maximin has been limping slightly since scoring, and comes off now for Matt Ritchie for the Magpies.,0
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Moutinho comes off having been everywhere for Wolves in midfield, with Leander Dendoncker on to play out the last few moments.,0
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL!!!! What a way to equalise!!!!! Murphy is crowded out by two Wolves players, one of whom is Hwang. He hooks a clearance away, but it lands at the edge of the box, where Saint-Maximin arrives to hit a beautifully-struck volley, which flies straight into the bottom corner and locks us up at 1-1!!! What a goal, and what a time to get it!,1
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Neto has had a good game too, aside from that goal-costing foul, and is brought off for Hwang Hee-Chan.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock is also withdrawn for Newcastle, replaced by academy product Elliot Anderson.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Almiron comes off having gone close a few times this half, with Eddie Howe hoping Jacob Murphy can prove the difference.,0
Gonçalo GuedesWolves · Striker #17Guedes has impressed down both flanks for his side, and comes off now for Daniel Podence to see out the game.,0
Chris WoodNewcastle · Striker #20Wood hasn't had many chances to test Sa in the Wolves goal, and comes off now for a different kind of attacking threat in Ryan Fraser.,0
Dan BurnNewcastle · Defender #33Burn also comes off for the Magpies, replaced at left-back by the more conventional, and attacking, Matt Targett,0
eto does well to keep the ball in play, but Trippier steals it away from him. The Newcastle right-back is clipped late by Neto on his way though, with the Wolves winger subsequently booked.,2
char blasts a clearance against the back of Willock, and slides in to re-gain the ball. He catches Neto on the follow-through though, and is shown a yellow card for the nasty challenge.,2
sst: Gonçalo GuedesGOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! Super strike!!!! Guedes finds Neves on the edge of the box, and the Wolves captain then does what he does best, smashing a low shot through a sea of bodies, beyond Pope, and into the bottom corner!!! What a finish, and it's 1-0 to the home side!!!,1
Saint-Maximin cuts out Nunes' wide ball to Semedo, but before he can race away down the left, he's clipped from behind by the Wolves right-back, who is booked for the cynical foul.,2
Nonato is shown a yellow card after he complains too much to the referee.,2
RED CARD! Verdon is sent off for Ludogorets after he stamps on Zalewski!,3
Aslak Fonn WitryLudogorets · Defender #16Delev replaces Witry as Ludogorets search for a miracle in this game.,0
Neuciano GusmãoLudogorets · Defender #4Cicinho comes off for Gruper at left-back for Ludogorets.,0
Zaniolo gets booked for taking his shirt off during his celebration.,2
Asst: B. CristanteWHAT A GOAL!! 3-1 ROMA!! ZANIOLO!! Zaniolo secures the win for Roma with a brilliant goal! The winger dribbles past three defenders before poking the ball through the legs of Padt. Game over!,1
Cristian VolpatoRoma · Midfielder #62Bove replaces Volpato, who came on at half-time for Roma.,0
Rick receives a yellow card after hitting Ibanez is the face while dribbling.,2
Igor ThiagoLudogorets · Striker #9Tissera replaces Thiago in the visitors' attack.,0
Jakub PiotrowskiLudogorets · Midfielder #6Piotrowski comes off for Nonato in the Ludogorets midfield.,0
enalty GoalGOALLL!! ROMA 2-1!! PELLEGRINI! Pellegrini sends Padt the wrong way again from the penalty spot to give Roma the lead!,1
iotrowski is shown a yellow card by the referee for arguing back to him.,2
hiago picks up a yellow card after a clumsy foul in the opposition half.,2
Nemanja MatićRoma · Midfielder #8Zalewski replaces Matic as Roma's fourth substitute of the match.,0
enalty GoalGOALL!!! 1-1!! PELLEGRINI! Roma equalise from the penalty spot as Pellegrini sends Padt the wrong way!,1
Volpato receives a yellow card after a needless challenge in the opposition half.,2
Andrea BelottiRoma · Striker #11Zaniolo comes on for Belotti in the Roma attack.,0
Asst: CicinhoGOALL!!! 1-0 LUDOGORETS! RICK! Ludogorets break the deadlock with a brilliant finish from Rick! The Brazil international bursts forward on the counter-attack and fires a powerful shot past Patricio from outside of the box!,1
icinho receives a yellow card after a poor challenge on Belotti.,2
oftus-Cheek is shown a yellow card for catching Mandragora in the face with a flailing arm. It’s the midfielder’s fifth of the campaign, which means he will be unavailable for the Rossoneri’s next contest - against Lecce.,2
Tomori is shown a late yellow card for wasting time, with the centre-back allowing the ball to roll away from him after going behind for a goal-kick and celebrating, which draws the attention of Maresca.,2
Jonathan IkonéFiorentina · Midfielder #11Fiorentina make their final changes with two minutes to go. Sottil is sent into the fray for Ikone in the first alteration, with a point - or three - still to be won.,0
Lucas Martínez QuartaFiorentina · Defender #28The booked Martinez Quarta comes off for Barak - a midfielder - in the Viola's final substitution. It's an attacking alteration for the hosts, who have nothing left to lose.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Jovic is given eight minutes to find the back of the net against his former side, with Giroud given an early rest after being kept without a goal.,0
Lucas BeltránFiorentina · Midfielder #9Still in search of an equaliser, Italiano swaps Beltran with Nzola in attack.,0
Samuel ChukwuezeMilan · Midfielder #21Chukwueze's impressive game comes to an end after 72 minutes, with Pulisic given a chance to provide a bit of insurance.,0
Christian KouaméFiorentina · Midfielder #99Gonzalez is also sent on with Fiorentina still behind by a goal. He's been in great goal-scoring form and will fill the space left by Kouame.,0
DodôFiorentina · Defender #2Kayode comes on to replace Dodo with just over 20 minutes to go, as Italiano looks for a way to counter the threat of Okafor.,0
Tijjani ReijndersMilan · Midfielder #14Reijnders is also withdrawn, after his involvement with the Netherlands during the international break. Musah takes his spot in midfield.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #10Okafor comes on to replace Leao with 28 minutes remaining in the contest.,0
Asst: T. ReijndersADVANTAGE MILAN ONCE AGAIN! 2-1! What a start to the second half at the Artemio Franchi, with the Rossoneri responding to take back the lead three minutes after Fiorentina’s response. Reijnders carries the ball towards the halfway line before slipping Leao through, with the winger getting the better of Dodo. With Chukwueze to square it to, the Portugal international instead rounds the wandering Terracciano and basically walks the ball into the empty goal!,1
Asst: L. BeltránALL SQUARE! 1-1! It takes the Viola just 180 seconds to restore parity, with Tomori’s clearance immediately headed forward from inside the centre-circle by Milenkovic. Beltran picks up possession and passes it to Duncan, who guides his shot accurately past Maignan from more than 20 yards out!,1
sst: R. LeãoLOFTUS-CHEEK’S SCORING FORM CONTINUES! 1-0! Leao latches onto Chukwueze’s incisive pass inside the penalty area, taking a touch before playing an instinctive backheel across the face of goal. Rather fortunately, Milenkovic slips in coverage, which allows Loftus-Cheek time and space at the back post to tuck the ball into the empty net for his third goal in six games!,1
Malick ThiawMilan · Defender #28Looking to avoid a potential second yellow card, Pioli replaces Thiaw with Gabbia at the half-time interval.,0
Leao is taken out with a wild and rash challenge, with the centre-back not showing any intent to win the ball as he stops his opponent physically. It’s a yellow card for the Fiorentina defender and a free-kick for Milan in a similar position to the Viola’s just minutes ago.,2
This time, Thiaw mistimes his step and catches Kouame instead of the ball, giving Fiorentina a free-kick on the left wing just outside the penalty area. Referee Fabio Maresca doesn’t stop there, producing a yellow card for the Milan centre-back as well.,2
t takes the referee just 13 minutes to produce a yellow card, with Biraghi booked for a mistimed sliding challenge that takes out Chukwueze.,2
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! NUNEZ MAKES IT SIX!!!!! 6-1!!!!!! Nunez continues the goal glut from the visitors placing the ball past Meslier. Alexander-Arnold floats a long ball over the top for Nunez to collect through the middle. He is comfortably onside and he ensures he steers his effort into the bottom-left corner on the stretch. A hammering for the hosts.,1
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Klopp takes no chances with Fabinho on a booking. He is withdrawn for Thiago.,0
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Henderson is withdrawn by Klopp and is replaced by Milner.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Firmino comes on for Jota for the closing stages.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah makes way after a two-goal performance for Nunez.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Diaz returns to action for the Reds as he replaces Gakpo.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Gnonto enters the action for Leeds to replace Harrison.,0
Luis SinisterraLeeds United · Midfielder #23Sinisterra is forced off for the hosts and is replaced by Forshaw.,0
Asst: J. HendersonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! JOTA SCORES AGAIN! LIVERPOOL HAVE FIVE!!!!! 5-1!!!! The Reds work the ball on the edge of the Leeds box before Jota's strike finds the bottom-right corner. Henderson collects on the right flank after a series of passes. He steers a cross towards Jota right on the edge of the box and he takes on a strike first-time that beats Meslier and finds the back of the net. All too easy for the visitors.,1
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Rutter enters the action to replace Aaronson. He will lead the line as Rodrigo also makes way.,0
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Summerville replaces Rodrigo in the final third for the home side.,0
Asst: C. GakpoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SALAH NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!!!!! LIVERPOOL 4-1!!!!! The Reds cut open the home side with ease on the counter before Salah applies the finish. Liverpool break down the left through Robertson, who steers his cutback to Gakpo. The forward unselfishly picks out Salah in the inside-right channel, who curls his effort away from Meslier into the back of the net.,1
Asst: C. JonesGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! JOTA SCORES THIS TIME!!!!! 3-1 LIVERPOOL!!!! Jota converts a minute after missing the target as he lifts his strike over Meslier into the net. Liverpool get a quick turnover in midfield and Jones threads the needle to release Jota. He takes on his strike first-time amid the on-rushing Leeds keeper and makes no mistake. Liverpool regain control of the game.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SINISTERRA PUNISHES A KONATE ERROR!!!!! 2-1!!!!!!! Leeds are back in the game as Sinisterra finishes cooly after robbing Konate. The Liverpool defender takes a terrible touch at the back and loses out to Sinisterra, who collects the ball surges through on goal. He only has Alisson to beat and he clips his effort over the keeper into the net. The perfect response from the Whites.,1
abinho brings down Aaronson on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: D. JotaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SALAH SLAMS HOME A SECOND FOR LIVERPOOL!!!! 2-0!!!!! The Reds extend their advantage as Salah hammers his left-footed strike past Meslier. Jota wins the ball in the middle of the park and drives forward. Salah makes a run from right to left and turns to receive Jota's offload. He takes on the effort first-time and blasts it past the Leeds keeper into the top-left corner.,1
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GAKPO TURNS THE BALL HOME!!!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! Gakpo converts from close range following a rapid break from the visitors, although it be controversial in the minds of Leeds. Firpo loses out to Alexander-Arnold, who uses his arm to make a block. He feeds Salah and goes for the one-two with the forward. Alexander-Arnold places a low ball to the back post where Gakpo has a simple tap-in.,1
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19With the game lost, Brentford take off Mbeumo, and Wissa will come on for the final stages.,0
Juan MataMan United · Midfielder #8Having made his last Manchester United appearance at Old Trafford, Mata takes a warm round of applause; Jones is his replacement.,0
Anthony ElangaMan United · Midfielder #36Rangnick also withdraws Elanga for Cavani to make his return from a long injury layoff.,0
Asst: A. TellesUNITED GO THREE UP! Latching onto Telles' inswinging corner from the right, Varane beats several yellow Brentford shirts to the ball inside the six-yard box and steers the ball into the back of the net! That's his first goal for the club: 3-0 to Manchester United!,1
Nemanja MatićMan United · Midfielder #31Making way in midfield, Matic is replaced by Fred.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Frank's second substitution sees Janelt taken off; Dasilva comes on.,0
Christian NørgaardBrentford · Midfielder #6Brentford make a double change. First, Norgaard is replaced by Jensen.,0
enalty GoalRONALDO SCORES THE SECOND! From the penalty, which he earned through his own endeavour and guile, Ronaldo slams the ball emphatically past Raya and into the bottom-left corner of the net! United are 2-0 up and on course for victory!,1
With Eriksen evading his attentions, Matic opts to haul the Danish playmaker back with a shirt-pull and is subsequently shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Asst: A. ElangaUNITED LEAD! A rapid run down the right flank allows Elanga to keep the ball in on the right byline, and his cutback to the centre of the six-yard box picks out Fernandes, who is unmarked. The Portuguese midfielder calmly steers the ball into the back of the net, and Manchester United go 1-0 in front!,1
Gareth BaleTottenham · Midfielder #9Final Spurs change now, with Bale replaced by Sissoko.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Tanganga, after his late challenge on Dendoncker.,2
Fábio SilvaWolves · Striker #17Wolves have also made a substitution, with Corbeanu coming on to make his Wolves debut and he replaces Silva.,0
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Tottenham make their second change of the game, with Alli replaced by Ndombele.,0
Morgan Gibbs-WhiteWolves · Midfielder #18Another Wolves change, with Gibbs-White heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Neves.,0
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18Tottenham make their first substitution now, with Lo Celso coming off and he has been replaced by Winks.,0
VitinhaWolves · Midfielder #20Here comes the first Wolves change of the game, with Ferreira the man coming off and he has been replaced by Willian Jose.,0
OOOAAALLL! Hojbjerg doubles Tottenham’s lead, it’s 2-0! Hoever loses a battle for the ball with Reguilon near the corner flag and the left-back slides it into the path of Son, who turns and passes to Bale on the edge of the box. The Welshman sees his shot saved by Patricio, but the keeper doesn’t push the ball out wide enough and Hojbjerg races in and fires it into the back of the net from close range.,1
Asst: P. HøjbjergGOOOAAALLL! Kane fires Tottenham into the lead just before the break, it's 1-0! The striker sneaks in behind the Wolves defence, after a through ball by Hojbjerg and Kane just manages to stay onside and he then takes his time, skipping past the challenge from Coady and then firing the ball into the bottom right corner of the net.,1
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Rodrygo comes on to replace the two-goal hero Vinicius in the final third for the closing stages.,0
Alexander-Arnold goes into the book for dissent after catching Vinicius with a stray arm. There was not a great deal in the incident, but his reaction earned him the card.,2
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Shaqiri replaces Jota in the final third for the visitors.,0
Ozan KabakLiverpool · Defender #19Klopp shows his intentions as withdraws a defender in Kabak and replaces him with Firmino.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11Zidane shows his hand withdrawing Asensio and replacing the Spaniard with Valverde. The Frenchman looks to be content with a two-goal lead.,0
Asst: L. ModrićGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VINCIUS NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!! MADRID 3-1!!! Los Blancos restore their two-goal lead as Vinicius powers an effort through Alisson. Benzema works an offload to Modric on the right edge of the box and he sends a simple pass to the Brazilian. Vinicius shoots first time and his strike travels through the legs of Phillips. Alisson gets a hand to the ball, but he can only palm it into the net.,1
hiago brings down Asensio with an outstretched boot and he goes into the book for his challenge.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SALAH GETS LIVERPOOL BACK IN THE GAME!!!! 2-1!!!! The visitors have a vital away goal as Salah scores from close range. Jota works his way through the Madrid defence and he sees his shot trickle into the path of Salah. The forward takes a touch before burying his strike past Courtois from six yards out. VAR has a check for offside, but the Egyptian is level with Vazquez, which allows the goal to stand.,1
Vazquez is booked for his challenge on Jota down the left flank.,2
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Keita is withdrawn by Klopp before the break. Thiago replaces the midfielder, who did not appear to be injured.,0
Mane is booked for his continued protests to the referee about not being awarded a free-kick in the build-up to the Madrid goal.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ASENSIO CAPITALISES ON A MISTAKE FROM ALEXANDER-ARNOLD!!!! 2-0!!!!! The Liverpool defender makes a terrible error at the back directing a header straight to Asensio, who converts from close range. Kroos floats a ball over the top, which seems innocuous enough. However, Alexander-Arnold directs a risky header back towards Alisson. Asensio latches on to the ball and knocks it over the Liverpool keeper before dispatching an effort into the net.,1
Asst: T. KroosGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VINCIUS HAMMERS MADRID IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!! Kroos floats a delightful ball over the top for the run of the Brazilian, who applies a sublime finish on the half-volley. The German puts a precise long ball forward for Vinicius as he bursts in behind Phillips and Kabak. He controls it with his chest and it sits up nicely for him to bury on his right foot past Alisson.,1
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9Jesus scored a neat finish earlier, and he now makes way for Nketiah, who will be keen to get in on the act off the bench.,0
Nampalys MendyLens · Midfielder #26Haise's last substitution sees Costa come on for Mendy.,0
Declan RiceArsenal · Midfielder #41Rice will receive a bit of a rest as he jogs off to be replaced by Jorginho, a winner of this competition during his time with Chelsea.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Arteta goes to his bench, choosing to give Saka a break after he produced a goal and an assist in the first half. Nelson is on for him.,0
Haidara now receives a booking for wiping out Odegaard with a sliding challenge.,2
Just seconds after coming on, Khusanov goes in the book for a foul on Martinelli, perhaps a little too eager to make an impact.,2
Jonathan GraditLens · Defender #24Haise makes his fourth change, bringing on Khusanov for his European debut in place of Gradit.,0
Florian SotocaLens · Midfielder #7Thomasson is on in place of Sotoca.,0
Salis Abdul SamedLens · Midfielder #6Haise makes a trio of changes at the break. The first sees El Aynaoui come on for Abdul Samed.,0
Takehiro TomiyasuArsenal · Defender #18Arteta also looks to his bench, bringing on White for Tomiyasu. The former Brighton defender has only recently returned from injury.,0
sst: T. TomiyasuGOAL!!! ODEGAARD MAKES IT FIVE!!! Arsenal catch Lens on the counter, and Saka lays it to his right for Tomiyasu. The defender lofts a cross into the middle, where Odegaard is there to run onto the ball before thumping a volley into the back of the net. It is 5-0 to Arsenal!!!,1
The first booking of the game goes to Mendy for tripping up Jesus in midfield. That seemed a little harsh considering what the referee has let go already.,2
Asst: T. TomiyasuGOAL!!! 4-0 TO ARSENAL!!! This is simply stunning from the Gunners as they carve the visitors open yet again. Tomiyasu scoops a delightful diagonal ball out to the left for Martinelli, and the winger twists and turns past Frankowski before arrowing a fine finish into the far corner, giving Samba no chance!,1
OAL!!! ARSENAL ARE RAMPANT!!! They come forward with another neat move, with Havertz laying it to his left for Martinelli. The left winger cuts in and shoots, and though Samba saves, he can only parry it straight into the path of Saka, who diverts into the back of the net with his thigh. 3-0 to Arteta's men!,1
sst: B. SakaGOAL!!! JESUS MAKES IT 2-0!!! It all comes from brilliantly persistent work from Saka, whose mazy run takes him deep into the heart of the Lens defence. The visitors eventually get a foot in, but Saka manages to nudge into the path of Jesus, who shows great composure to cut back onto his right foot before dispatching into the bottom corner. Arsenal are surely on their way to securing first place in Group B!,1
Asst: G. JesusGOAL!!! HAVERTZ SCORES THIS TIME!!! The Germany international went close a moment ago, and this time he finds the back of the net. Lens fail to deal with a Tomiyasu cross, and Jesus nods into the six-yard box, where Havertz is on his toes to get to the ball first and poke home at close range. 1-0 Arsenal!!!,1
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Bernardo also makes way and is booed off the field, with Delap the one to replace him.,0
Aymeric LaporteMan City · Defender #14Guardiola continues to protect his first-team stars, as Ake replaces Laporte.,0
The referee shows Ugarte a card as he brings down Gundogan inside the centre circle.,2
Pedro PorroSporting · Midfielder #24Amorim appears to be keeping it as tight as possible as defender Neto replaces Porro for the final seven minutes of normal time.,0
Esgaio is the latest player to be booked after a lunging challenge on Mahrez.,2
PaulinhoSporting · Striker #21Slimani will get 15 minutes to catch the eye, replacing Paulinho in the Sporting attack.,0
Pablo SarabiaSporting · Midfielder #17Another substitution for the home side as Sarabia is replaced by Bruno Tabata.,0
undogan gets his name in the referee's book after a poorly-timed challenge.,2
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Fernandinho replaces Rodri in midfield, and remarkably the latter is given a lecture from Guardiola as he makes his way to the bench.,0
fter losing his cool on the touchline, Matheus becomes the first player to be booked. The Sporting midfielder pulled Zinchenko to the floor before lashing out at Rodri.,2
John StonesMan City · Defender #5Zinchenko is now also on the pitch, with Stones making way. That now means Cancelo will move over to right-back!,0
Phil FodenMan City · Striker #47Guardiola starts to look after his players, with Foden making way for Gundogan.,0
sst: B. SilvaGOAAAALLLL - SPORTING 0-5 MAN CITY - Oh my word. Sterling scores City's fifth of the night, and that is the pick of them, so far. The Sporting defence stood off him for a split second, and before they could react, Sterling whipped his shot into the far corner, leaving Adan with no chance in goal. If there was a ball-shaped hole in the net, Sterling's effort would have found it. Ludicrously good from the City forward.,1
Pedro GonçalvesSporting · Midfielder #28Amorim made a change as that goal was disallowed, with Ugarte replacing Goncalves.,0
Asst: R. SterlingGOAAAALLL - SPORTING 0-4 MAN CITY. Bernardo gets his second of the night, but this one takes a wicked deflection on its way past Adan. Cancelo's crossfield pass picked out Sterling, who cut the ball back for Bernardo. The City midfielder aimed his shot towards the near post, but the deflection helped beat the Sporting keeper, and Guardiola's side are cruising.,1
Asst: R. MahrezGOAAAALLL - SPORTING 0-3 MAN CITY - Guardiola's side are quite simply too good. Mahrez's work on the right-hand side causes problems for the Sporting defence, and his cross falls to Foden in the box. The England international took the ball into his stride, paused for a second, and then slotted the ball into the net. Magnificient from the Premier League champions!,1
GOAAALLLLLL - SPORTING 0-2 MAN CITY - Bernardo Silva, that is world-class!!! Sporting failed to clear the danger, and none of their defenders could react in time as the City midfielder charged into the box. The Portugal international met the ball on the volley and drilled his shot off the crossbar and into the net. Stunning strike and City lead by two.,1
Asst: K. De BruyneGOAL - SPORTING 0-1 MAN CITY - Mahrez's goal stands, and the Algerian could not miss from inside the box. Foden's shot had been parried by Adan, only for De Bruyne to pounce immediately. The Belgian turned on a sixpence in the box, squaring the ball to Mahrez, who did the rest.,1
orgaard goes in the book for trying to hack down Saint-Maximin during that run.,2
Saint-Maximin goes in the book for diving into the crowd during his celebration.,2
Asst: R. FraserWhat a goal!!! Fraser sends a cross over to the back post and Saint-Maximin is there to send a volley at goal. His right-footed effort slips underneath Fernandez to make it 3-3. ,1
Fabian SchärNewcastle · Defender #5Schar makes way for Longstaff as Newcastle go for a change in formation.,0
Ghoddos receives a yellow card for hacking down Willock with a really poor challenge.,2
oelinton makes it 2-2!!! A Saint-Maximin shot is blocked straight to Joelinton. The Brazilian forward takes his time before lashing an effort at goal, which Fernandez couldn't get to and the hosts are back level.,1
sst: S. CanósThe Bees are in front!!! Canos cuts in and sends a lovely cross to the back post and Henry is there to head it low and into the back of the net past Darlow to make it 2-1 to the visitors.,1
Asst: S. CanósAnd just like that, Brentford are level!!! Toney scores against his former team as he sends a low effort straight at Darlow, going through the keeper's legs. It's a save he really should make, yet he lets it go into the back of the net. It's really poor goalkeeping but the visitors won't care, and it's 1-1.,1
sst: M. RitchieIt's 1-0 to the hosts!!! Lascelles gets up superbly from a Ritchie corner, and sends his header low into the corner of the net. It's a brilliant header, and the Magpies are in front.,1
Maupay's frustration gets the better of him as he just kicks through the back of Guimaraes to pick up a late booking.,2
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28And Anderson comes on in place of Willock.,0
Callum WilsonNewcastle · Striker #9Newcastle's final change is a double one. Wilson won't get the chance to go for a hat-trick as Gordon comes on to face his former club.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27And Gueye is also making way for Garner.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Everton are making a double change this time. Calvert-Lewin is the first to go off, with Simms on in his place.,0
MURPHY SCORES! And the three-goal cushion is restored! It comes down that left-hand side again - Isak drives down the wing, checking back at one point to lose Keane with a clever drop of the shoulder. He takes it to the byline, rounding more defenders before lifting it over Pickford at the near post and Murphy is there to tap in from close range. 4-1 Newcastle!,1
CNEIL PULLS ONE BACK! Everton win a corner of their own and McNeil goes out to the left to take it. He curls it into the near post, and it sails over Doucoure's head, but that leaves Pope wrongfooted. It sails past everyone to nestle straight in from the corner. 3-1!,1
sst: B. GuimarãesWHAT A GOAL! Wilson has his second of the game and Everton are stunned! Botman clears the long ball forward and Guimaraes has a free run through the middle of the park. When Gueye does get across to him, he squares it to Wilson on the edge of the D. He gets it out of his feet before curling a lovely shot out of Pickford's reach and right into the top corner. 3-0 Newcastle!,1
Sean LongstaffNewcastle · Midfielder #36And Newcastle's third change sees Isak coming on for Longstaff.,0
Amadou OnanaEverton · Midfielder #8Everton are making a change in response to that second goal as Maupay comes on to replace Onana.,0
sst: J. WillockJOELINTON SCORES! Guimaraes does brilliantly to hold the ball up before touching it out to Willock on the left. He bursts past Godfrey and clips it in from the byline. Joelinton has a free header on the edge of the six-yard box and he thumps his header down and into the far post. 2-0 Newcastle!,1
Matt TargettNewcastle · Defender #13Newcastle are making the first change and it's a double one. Targett, who is on a booking, goes off for Burn.,0
Targett tried to wrestle Iwobi down, only to end up on the floor himself. The referee now takes it back and books him for the attempted challenge.,2
uimaraes spins past Onana and threatens to break forward, so the Belgian pulls him back by his shirt, ripping it in the process. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
ILSON SCORES! Against the run of play, Newcastle have the lead! It's switched out to Targett on the left, who just helps it onto Joelinton. He bursts down the wing before cutting inside and wrongfooting Godfrey in the protest. Pickford pushes his shot against Tarkowski which holds it up and Wilson reacts quickest to fire it into the roof of the net. 1-0 Newcastle!,1
ED CARD! Fiorillo is sent off with a matter of minutes remaining for violent conduct on Florenzi. He didn't get onto the pitch but sees red from the referee.,3
Asst: O. GiroudGOALLLL! JOVIC SCORES! 2-2! Milan are level! Chukwueze gets onto a loose ball, allowing the away side to recycle possession on the right. Calabria then sends a cross into the middle, with Giroud heading it across to Jovic. The substitute swings a leg at the ball, sending his effort across the goal and into the far corner.,1
Loum TchaounaSalernitana · Midfielder #33Tchaouna has been energetic on the wing but is also making his way off. Cabral is given the last 12 minutes to make an impression.,0
Grigoris KastanosSalernitana · Midfielder #20Kastanos got the assist for Candreva's goal and was also on a booking. Martegani is on after starting the last game.,0
Pasquale MazzocchiSalernitana · Defender #30Salernitana make some substitutions to add some fresh legs onto the pitch. Mazzocchi was booked earlier in the half and is now coming off for Bronn.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Pioli has seen enough and is adding an extra attacker to the mix. Midfielder Bennacer is coming off for striker Jovic.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Midfielder #11Pulisic has been in form for Milan this season but is now coming off after having a limited impact. He is replaced in the attack by Chukwueze.,0
Fikayo TomoriMilan · Defender #23Tomori comes off with an injury straight after Salernitana's goal. He is replaced by Florenzi.,0
Asst: G. KastanosGOALLL! CANDREVA SCORES! 2-1 SALERNITANA! The hosts are ahead. Kastanos has possession in the midfield, and he plays the ball down the right to Candreva. He bursts forward with possession and looks to put a cross into the box but lashes it towards the bottom corner and scores. Maignan wasn't expecting the ball to head towards the near post and couldn't get across quickly enough to keep it out.,1
Lorenzo PirolaSalernitana · Defender #98Salernitana make a change in the defence. Gyomber is on for Pirola.,0
Boulaye DiaSalernitana · Striker #10Ikwuemesi is coming on earlier than he would have expected after an injury to Dia.,0
Simon KjærMilan · Defender #24Milan make a change before the restart. Kjaer went down holding his head late in the first half and is now coming off for Simic.,0
Kastanos is the first Salernitana player to go into the book for a tactical foul on the right.,2
Asst: A. CandrevaGOALLL! FAZIO SCORES! 1-1! Salernitana are level! Candreva's outswinging corner finds Fazio, who gets above his marker and powers a header across the goal and into the net.,1
Leao loses possession to Mazzocchi and then drags his shirt. He fouls him and is shown a yellow card.,2
GOALLL! TOMORI SCORES! 1-0 MILAN! The Rossoneri are ahead! A dangerous free-kick from the right is flicked on by Kjaer towards Leao, who collects the ball with his chest before playing it back across the box. Giroud cannot tap it in, but Tomori rushes across to power a header home.,1
Leao loses out to Jajalo in attempting to keep the ball in play, and his vitriolic protest towards the referee sees him booked!,2
Tolgay ArslanUdinese · Midfielder #5Arslan looks to have picked up a knock, and he's replaced by Mato Jajalo.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10The San Siro roars as the ever-impressive Diaz is replaced by Daniel Maldini.,0
alabria is all over Success, but catches a stray arm to the face as both players hit the deck. Success was brought down in the challenge, but he's the one penalised and booked by the referee.,2
Molina clips the heels of Hernandez as the two contest for the ball down the left-hand side, and the Udinese man is booked by the referee.,2
Rebic needlessly shunts into Molina very, very late, and is yellow carded by the referee. He's only been on the field for two minutes!,2
Asst: R. PereyraGOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Udinese are level!!!! Another long throw sees the ball bouncing all over the place, eventually finding Pereyra on the left. He acrobatically crosses back in via a bicycle kick, that's bundled into the net by Udogie! The two substitutes have made an impact, and that impact locks us up at 1-1!,1
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud is also withdrawn, and on comes Ante Rebic to replace him.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Messias comes off for Milan, as Stefano Pioli introduces Alexis Saelemaekers.,0
BetoUdinese · Striker #9Beto comes off in Udinese's next change, and he's replaced by Isaac Success.,0
Jean-Victor MakengoUdinese · Midfielder #6Makengo is also withdrawn, and is replaced by Roberto Pereyra.,0
Marvin ZeegelaarUdinese · Midfielder #4Zeegelaar comes off in Udinese's first change, replaced by Destiny Udogie.,0
Becao's into Leao again, scything down the Milan winger as he looks to get around the outside of the defender. Leao gets to his feet much quicker on this occasion, however the cynical nature of the challenge sees Becao booked by the referee.,2
Asst: S. TonaliGOOALLL!!!! Milan hit the front!!! Tonali's lofted pass from the right finds Leao in the six-yard box, and the Portuguese easily outmuscles Becao before slotting past Silvestri to put the hosts into a 1-0 lead!,1
erez wipes out Brahim in the Milan half and becomes the first caution of the game.,2
Neymar catches Savanier’s foot and Montpellier win a free-kick on the edge of the visitors’ box. The Brazilian picks up a yellow card for the foul.  ,2
Bakker pushes Savanier to the floor as the hosts’ midfielder looks to waste time from a throw-in. The PSG defender is booked for his involvement in the clash. ,2
Savanier also goes into the book for his part in that coming together with Bakker. ,2
Alessandro FlorenziPSG · Defender #24With four minutes of normal time left to play, Neymar replaces Florenzi. Pochettino is not holding back in the closing stages. ,0
Florent MolletMontpellier · Midfielder #25In an effort to keep things fresh, Der Zakarian brings on Dolly for Mollet.  ,0
sst: G. LabordeGOOOOOAAAAAALLL! Di Maria took too long to unleash a strike at the other end, and Montpellier have made PSG pay on the break! Mollet steers a pass down the right side of the penalty area for Laborde, who squares it for Delort to apply the simplest of finishes from close range. 2-2. ,1
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27With the pressure building, Pochettino makes another substitution. Gueye makes way for Danilo. ,0
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Striker #19It is a double change for PSG. Di Maria enters the fray in place of Sarabia. ,0
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12Pochettino now turns to his bench, bringing on Draxler for Rafinha. ,0
Jordan FerriMontpellier · Midfielder #12Der Zakarian makes his second alteration of the match with 22 minutes of normal time left to play. La Tallec comes on for Ferri. It remains 2-1. ,0
Following that high tackle on Rafinha, the referee shows Mollet a yellow card. ,2
Ferri catches Paredes with a late tackle midway inside the visitors’ half, and he is shown a yellow card. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2
sst: RafinhaGOOOOAAAAAALLL! PSG are back in front! Rafinha collects the ball midway inside his own half and advances the play down the left through Mbappe. The Frenchman cuts inside of Hilton and Ferri after getting into the penalty area and calmly places his finish in the bottom-right corner. 2-1. ,1
Arnaud SouquetMontpellier · Defender #2The hosts make one change at the break, with Mavididi replacing Souquet. ,0
Asst: J. FerriGOOOAAAAAALLL! Montpellier are level! The hosts work a quick counter down the right flank which results in Ferri switching the play over to the left. Laborde collects the ball on the edge of the box, drives at Florenzi, and unleashes a well-struck left-footed shot that finds the top-right corner. 1-1. ,1
sst: I. GueyeGOOAAALLL! Mbappe breaks the deadlock! Icardi drops deep to play a one-two with Gueye midway inside the hosts’ half, and the midfielder threads a pinpoint throughball beyond Souquet for Mbappe. The Frenchman takes the ball in his stride before firing past Bertaud and into the roof of the net. 1-0. ,1
Cedric BadoloSheriff · Midfielder #10Gliga replaces Badolo in the dying seconds of the game.,0
Iyayi Believe AtiemwenSheriff · Striker #80Atiemwen comes off the pitch for Covali for the final few minutes.,0
aguire receives Man United's first yellow card of the game after a clumsy foul.,2
OALLL!!! 3-0 RONALDO!! Ronaldo makes it three for Man United and puts the game to bed! Fernandes sends a cross to the striker, whose initial header is saved by Koval, but he fires the rebound home with his left foot.,1
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #49Van de Beek replaces Garnacho to add another body in the Man United midfield.,0
Rasheed AkanbiSheriff · Midfielder #61Pernambuco comes on for Rasheed on the left wing for the visitors.,0
Mouhamed DiopSheriff · Midfielder #8Hatman replaces Diop in the midfield for Sheriff.,0
Asst: L. ShawGOALL!!!!! 2-0 RASHFORD!! Rashford doubles the lead for Man United with a brilliant header! Eriksen plays Shaw down the left wing and the defender clips the ball into the box. Rashford gets plenty of power on the header to get a second for his side.,1
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18McTominay comes on for Casemiro to protect the Man United back four.,0
Diogo DalotMan United · Defender #20Shaw replaces Dalot in the Man United defence. He will play at left-back while Malacia moves to the right side.,0
Lisandro MartínezMan United · Defender #6Maguire comes on for Martinez for the second half.,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Rashford replaces Antony at the break for Man United.,0
Asst: C. EriksenGOALLL!!!! 1-0 DALOT!!! Manchester United take the lead just before half-time through Dalot! Eriksen sends in a corner to the near post and Dalot is unmarked. The defender makes no mistake with the header.,1
Rasheed receives a yellow card after catching Casemiro in the mouth with an elbow.,2
Felix AguWerder · Midfielder #27Werner makes another alteration in the final few minutes, with Deman entering the fray. Agu's game is over, and he joins the bench.,0
Justin NjinmahWerder · Striker #17Njimah, who had a goal disallowed in the first half, comes off. He is replaced by Gross for Bremen.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Tuchel throws on a striker as Bayern search for the equaliser. Choupo-Moting comes on in place of Coman.,0
Romano SchmidWerder · Midfielder #20Werner makes a change with Schmid making his way to the bench. Kownacki comes on as Bremen look to see out the game.,0
e Ligt brings down Njimah as Bremen look to counter, and the referee awards him a yellow card for a strong challenge.,2
Schmid goes into the book for a late tackle on Musiala. Bayern will now have an opportunity from a free-kick.,2
Nick WoltemadeWerder · Striker #29Werner makes an alteration in attack for Bremen, with Borre coming on to replace Woltemade.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Davies is the latest player to be substituted, with Tel coming on in his place for Bayern.,0
Raphaël GuerreiroBayern · Midfielder #22In midfield, Goretzka enters the fray. Guerreiro is the one to make way as Bayern push for an equaliser.,0
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Tuchel makes an attacking change with Muller entering the pitch in place of Kimmich.,0
OOOOAAAAALLL!! 1-0 WERDER BREMEN! Friedl plays a superb cross-field pass to Weiser, who gets it out of his feet and looks to take on Davies. He gets to the byline before cutting onto his left foot, evading the challenge of his marker. Weiser bears down on goal from a tight angle and unleashes a powerful strike, firing into the roof of the net, leaving Neuer with no chance!,1
immich goes into the book for a strong challenge on Schmid just inside the Werder Bremen half.,2
Leonardo BonucciJuventus · Defender #19Juventus captain Bonucci departs; Rugani replaces him at centre-back.,0
For aggressively bundling Cuadrado to the ground inside Juve's area, Nestorovski is booked.,2
rslan is booked for his response to an ugly tackle by Paredes in midfield.,2
A ludicrous sliding challenge on Arslan results in a merited yellow card for substitute Paredes.,2
Florian ThauvinUdinese · Midfielder #26Semedo is introduced in place of Thauvin.,0
BetoUdinese · Striker #9Sottil responds with a triple-substitution. First, Nestorovski replaces Beto up front.,0
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Kean comes on for Milik up front.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #7Allegri opts for fresh legs heading into the closing minutes; making two changes. First, Chiesa is replaced by Paredes.,0
sst: M. LocatelliJUVENTUS LEAD! At last, the visitors go in front! They've been pushing for the opening goal for over an hour, and a touch of class from Chiesa opens the door! He receives a short pass from Locatelli on the left side of the box, before calmly curling the ball in by the right-hand post; leaving Silvestri well beaten!,1
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20As Miretti makes way at the end of his breakthrough season in the Juventus first team, Di Maria arrives from the bench for perhaps his final Juve appearance.,0
James AbankwahUdinese · Defender #14Having seemingly sustained a muscular injury, Abankwah becomes the second Udinese player forced off during this second half. Young Cocetta comes on in his place.,0
WalaceUdinese · Midfielder #11After sustaining an injury early in the second half, Walace apparently cannot continue. Arslan will be his replacement in central midfield.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #17Juventus have made a half-time change on their left flank, as Kostic has been withdrawn and Iling-Junior sent on.,0
A reckless sliding challenge from behind on Beto brings Gatti the first booking of today's game.,2
sst: NeymarGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MBAPPPE SCORES AT THE DEATH!!!!!! 1-0 PSG!!!! Mbappe finally gets the breakthrough with a brilliant solo goal. He beats two challenges in the left-inside channel and then places his effort away from Courtois into the bottom-right corner with deadly precision. A huge moment in the tie.,1
aredes brings down Kroos to stop a Madrid counter and goes into the book.,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Benzema has barely had a touch tonight and is withdrawn for Bale in the final third.,0
Danilo PereiraPSG · Midfielder #15Gueye comes on in place of Danilo, who was booked earlier in the contest. Pochettino is not taking any risks here.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Valverde offers fresh legs in midfield as he replaces Modric for the final eight minutes.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Vinicius makes way for the visitors after earning a free-kick in a useful position. Hazard enters the action to replace the Brazilian.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11Di Maria has not been overly influential against his former club. Neymar gets a huge reception as he replaces the Argentine.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Carvajal has had a tough evening, conceding a penalty in the process. Fortunately for him Courtois saved the spot-kick, and he is now withdrawn for Vazquez.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11Asensio has been too quiet for the visitors. Rodrygo enters the action to replace the winger.,0
Danilo brings down Vinicius on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Mendy catches Danilo on the ankle with a late boot and goes into the book.,2
ilitao goes in hard from behind on Mbappe and goes into the book.,2
erratti lunges in on Casemiro in the middle of the park and is booked.,2
Casemiro lunges in late on Paredes in the middle of the park and goes into the book.,2
Beermann is shown yellow for dissent after arguing with the referee about the yellow card that had just been shown to Griesbeck.,2
Griesbeck is shown yellow for a tough challenge on Lewandowski.,2
ewandowski goes through the back of Beermann and has his name taken down by the referee.,2
enalty GoalGOOALLLL! BAYERN TAKE THE LATE LEAD! Lewandowski lined up the penalty, stuttered to send Kevin Muller the wrong way, and finished with power into the left side of goal for what is surely the winner! Bayern Munich 5-4 Heidenheim,1
enalty GoalGOOOALLLL! GLATZEL COMPLETES HIS HAT-TRICK AND HEIDENHEIM ARE LEVEL! WHAT A MATCH THIS IS! After the penalty was conceded by Hummels, Glatzel stepped up coolly and chipped Ulreich to score the equalizer! Bayern Munich 4-4 Heidenheim,1
sst: M. MulthaupGOALLLL!!! Heidenheim pull one back! Glatzel gets his second of the match as the substitute Multhaup found the striker drifting left-to-right, and the latter pulled the shot back across Ulreich and into the bottom-left corner. That certainly makes things interesting! Bayern Munich 4-3 Heidenheim,1
Norman TheuerkaufHeidenheim · Defender #30Speaking of final changes, Heidenheim now make theirs as Thomalla comes on for Theuerkauf.,0
Marc SchnattererHeidenheim · Midfielder #7Heidenheim make their second change as Schnatterer is replaced by Multhaup.,0
Asst: M. HummelsGOOALLLL! After review, Gnabry's goal has been given! Hummels headed the ball on to Gnabry who was kept onside by Feick... and the Bayern man slotted his right-footed effort past Kevin Muller for Bayern's fourth of the match! Bayern Munich 4-2 Heidenheim,1
sst: T. MüllerGOOALLLL!!! Bayern immediately capitalise again and take the lead despite being a man down! Thomas Muller returns the favour as he sent his defender to the floor before cutting a pass to Lewandowski who finished into the centre of the net with the goalkeeper having been drawn out! Bayern 3-2 Heidenheim,1
Asst: R. LewandowskiGOOALLL!!!! The changes by Kovac certainly seem to have worked as they bring things level! Lewandowski lifted a header forward to Muller who had just beaten the offside and the latter finished his right-footed effort past Kevin Muller, and into the back of the net! Bayern Munich 2-2 Heidenheim,1
Niklas DorschHeidenheim · Midfielder #36Heidenheim make their first change as Dorsch is withdrawn for Feick.,0
RafinhaBayern · Defender #13The players are running onto the pitch in advance of the second half, and striker Robert Lewandowski is among them! Rafinha is the player who was withdrawn.,0
Dorsch commits a late and heavy challenge on James and picks up a yellow card for doing so.,2
sst: S. GriesbeckGOOOALLL!!! Heidenheim take the lead! A quick counter-attack as a lofted ball forward was controlled by Griesbeck who laid the ball off to Schnatterer who was making a free run into the box and the latter finished with a low, right-footed effort! Ulreich tried to dive to get a hand on it but was left grasping at air. Bayern Munich 1-2 Heidenheim,1
sst: M. SchnattererGOALLL!!! Heidenheim level things up! Schnatterer whipped in a right-footed cross to Glatzel who rose high in the penalty area and headed the ball low and past Ulreich! We mentioned how dangerous this combination can be in the pre-match and they do indeed combine for their side's opening goal! Bayern Munich 1-1 Heidenheim,1
Franck RibéryBayern · Striker #7Ribery looked bright early but is now withdrawn for Jerome Boateng as Bayern return to their full complement in defence.,0
fter a VAR review, Sule's yellow card, which he was shown on the pitch, has been changed to a red card! The referee must have considered Sule to have been the last man but it seemed Kimmich was close enough to prevent a goal-scoring opportunity. That doesn't matter though as Bayern are now reduced to 10-men!,3
Asst: J. KimmichGOOALLLL!!! That didn't take long at all did it? Goretzka finds a pocket of space in the box and, from Kimmich's terrific corner, heads the ball low to beat Muller in goal. Bayern Munich 1-0 Heidenheim,1
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde is also withdrawn as the clock ticks towards 90, and Dani Ceballos replaces him in midfield.,0
Jude BellinghamReal Madrid · Midfielder #5Bellingham has been outstanding for Madrid, dominating in almost every facet of his game and getting the scoring up and running with the assist for Vinicius' opener, and comes off now for Joselu to lead the line late on.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #7Eduardo Camavinga also comes on late, replacing the hat-trick scorer Vinicius following a performance for the ages from the Brazilian.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8The veterans switch places for almost-victorious Madrid, with Luka Modric replacing Kroos in midfield late on.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11A goal and an assist has been light work for Rodrygo in this game, and he's withdrawn now for Brahim Diaz - who netted in extra time against Atletico - to see out the remainder of the final for Madrid.,0
E'S OFF!!! Things go from bad to worse for Barcelona as Araujo is shown a second yellow card. Another challenge on Vinicius leaves the Brazilian on the deck, and it's enough to warrant a second booking of the game for the Uruguayan!,3
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! That should seal it!!! Rodrygo gets on the act following another fast break, as Valverde sprints down the right channel. His cross into the box is brought down by Vinicius, who squares for Bellingham, but that attempted pass ricochets into the path of Rodrygo and he smashes a low shot into the bottom corner!!! It's now 4-1 to Madrid, and Barca's chances of any sort of comeback have been thoroughly quashed with that goal.,1
Rudiger clips the heels of Joao Felix as the Barca substitute glides past him, and it's a fairly textbook yellow card for the Madridistas defender.,2
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Midfielder #7Joao Felix also comes on, and will replace Torres out wide for the Blaugrana.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Midfielder #20Barca make their first changes of the game in a burst of three, the first seeing captain Roberto replaced in the centre of midfield by youngster Fermin Lopez.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8Pedri's not had the space, time or service to be at his best so far, and comes off now for a fellow youngster - semi-final scorer Lamine Yamal - to make an impact in the final half-hour of this game.,0
ellingham slides in recklessly on Pedri and leaves the Spaniard down on the turf, and after initially playing an advantage which comes to nothing, the referee does show the Madridistas playmaker a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Barca captain Roberto is also shown a yellow card by the referee, in large part due to his and his side's protests at that penalty being awarded.,2
enalty GoalGOOOOAAALLL!!! A first-half hat-trick for Vinicius!!! He arrows the ball right into the bottom-left corner, and Pena can't get anything on it despite diving the right way. 3-1 to Real Madrid with half-time on the horizon, and what a game this is turning out to be!,1
t's a yellow card for Araujo to compound his concession of the penalty, and just minutes after Barcelona get a goal back, Real Madrid now have the chance to restore their two-goal lead.,2
OOOOAAAAALLL!!! The Blaugrana pull one back!!! Barca flood the Madrid box with numbers and work the ball patiently forward until Blade crosses from the left. Nacho heads it away, but Lewandowski is waiting on the edge of the area and smashes a sweetly-struck volley beyond Lunin and into the bottom corner!! A sensational strike to halve the deficit, and it's 2-1 at the KSU Stadium!,1
sst: RodrygoGOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! It's two for Vinicius! Carvajal's long ball down the line catches Barca off-guard and Rodrygo races into open pasture. Darting into the box, he squares for Vinicius arriving at the far post, and the opening goalscorer slides in for his and Madrid's second!!! 2-0 up within 10 minutes, and Los Blancos are in total control here.,1
sst: J. BellinghamGOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!!! Los Blancos take an early lead!!! Bellingham steps between De Jong and Gundogan to slot a pass into the feet of Vinicius, who turns away from Kounde, races clean through on goal, and rounds Pena before slotting into the net!!! A rapid-fire start from Real Madrid, who lead 1-0 in the Supercopa final!,1
Bella-Kotchap is booked for sliding in late on Guedes as he tried to block a clearance.,2
Guedes is booked for bringing down Walker-Peters in midfield.,2
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10The goalscorer Podence also comes off and Hwang heads on.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Double Wolves change now, with Neto coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Traore.,0
eves is booked for a challenge that comes out of frustration on Edozie.,2
Moutinho is booked for deliberately trying to trip Walker-Peters as he sprinted past him down the wing.,2
Joe AriboSouthampton · Midfielder #7Double Southampton change now, with Aribo the first to make way and on comes Edozie.,0
Romain PerraudSouthampton · Defender #15Perraud is the other to come off and Maitland-Niles is on for his Saints debut.,0
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27The other change sees Diallo head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Djenepo.,0
Mohamed ElyounoussiSouthampton · Midfielder #24Double Saints substitution coming up now, the first sees Elyounoussi replaced by Stuart Armstrong.,0
Sasa KalajdzicWolves · Striker #18Wolves have made a change ahead of the second half, with Kalajdzic coming off and he has been replaced by Guedes.,0
Asst: M. NunesGOAL! Wolves take the lead! The counter quickly down the right wing, with Jonny sliding the ball through to Nunes on the overlap and he plays a lovely cross into the box for the unmarked Podence at the far post. Podence only has Bazunu to beat and he catches the keeper out, as he mis-hits his shot, so it bobbles up and goes into the back of the net. They lead 1-0!,1
Diallo is booked after a few fouls and the referee has finally had enough.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Jonny as he dives into a challenge with Aribo and catches him late.,2
Florenzi is the latest player to be booked after a sloppy challenge near the halfway line.,2
After tripping Rebic and stopping a counter-attack, Ounas is shown a yellow card.,2
Rafael LeãoMilan · Striker #17Pioli tries to take more time off the clock as he sends on Ibrahimovic in place of Rafael Leao.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Spalletti tries to add some extra fight to his midfield, with Anguissa now at the heart of midfield instead of Zielinski.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Lozano is given less than ten minutes to impress, with Lobotka making way!,0
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Despite picking up an assist, Calabria is now replaced by Florenzi.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Striker #30After a quiet night at the office, Messias makes way for Saelemaekers.,0
simhen protests, but he is also shown a yellow card for dissent.,2
Hernandez is shown a yellow card for his part in the disagreement.,2
Fabián RuizNapoli · Midfielder #8Spalletti makes another change in midfield as Mertens replaces Ruiz.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud is back on his feet, but he will now watch the rest of the game from the bench, with Rebic getting the chance to impress.,0
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8Pioli makes a change in midfield, with Krunic replacing Tonali!,0
Lorenzo InsigneNapoli · Midfielder #24Skipper Insigne is also replaced, with Elmas the one to replace him.,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Midfielder #21Spalletti's first substitution sees Ounas replace Politano, who has been a passenger in the game.,0
sst: D. CalabriaGOAAALLL - NAPOLI 0-1 MILAN - Lift off for Milan!! Giroud fires his team into the lead after a free-kick was not dealt with by Napoli. The ball was only cleared to the edge of the box, allowing Calabria to go for goal. The right-back scuffed his shot into the path of Giroud, who poked his effort past Ospina, and we finally have our first goal of the evening.,1
iroud will feel hard done by on that occasion, as he made a legitimate challenge for the ball, but as we all know, you cannot touch the goalkeeper in the modern game.,2
Rrahmani joins team-mate Koulibaly in the referee's book after a strong challenge on Hernandez near the halfway line.,2
Koulibaly is shown a yellow card after a clumsy challenge on Giroud.,2
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Hernandez is given a well-earned rest as he comes off to be replaced by Florenzi.,0
Malick ThiawMilan · Defender #28Kjaer comes on for the final 11 minutes in place of Thiaw.,0
Thiaw catches Karamoh late and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud is given a well-earned rest as he makes way to be replaced by Chukwueze.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekMilan · Midfielder #8Loftus-Cheek is also given a breather with Musah taking his place.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Striker #10Milan turn straight to the bench. Okafor replaces Leao.,0
enalty GoalGIROUD!!! 4-1 MILAN! Same player, same result from the spot. Giroud steps up and calmly sweeps the ball into the opposite corner from his first-half attempt with Milinkovic-Savic rooted to the spot.,1
Nemanja RadonjićTorino · Midfielder #10Torino make a double-change. The first sees Radonjic make way for Karamoh.,0
Raoul BellanovaTorino · Midfielder #19Bellanova is also replacing with Lazaro taking the field.,0
Milinkovic-Savic was frustrated with the referee's decision not to award a free-kick in Torino's favour. But the goalkeeper goes into the book for his troubles.,2
Ivan IlićTorino · Midfielder #8Torino make a change at the break with Linetty replacing Ilic.,0
Asst: R. LeãoHERNANDEZ!!! 3-1 MILAN! That's a lovely goal! The Rossoneri have breathing space before half-time. Combining down the left flank, Leao threads a neat throughball into the area for Hernandez, who delightfully lifts it over the advancing Milinkovic-Savic.,1
enalty GoalGIROUD!!! 2-1 MILAN! No mistake by Giroud! The 37-year-old confidently sends the goalkeeper the wrong way and sweeps the ball into the corner of the net.,1
After having several nibbles at Pellegri and venting his frustration towards the referee, Hernandez is shown a yellow card.,2
sst: S. RicciSCHUURS!!! 1-1! Torino are level. The visitors respond immediately. A free-kick into the Milan penalty area is only cleared as far as Ricci, who scuffs a volley back into the box. Schuurs reacts the quickest to sweep the ball past Maignan.,1
Asst: R. Loftus-CheekPULISIC!!! 1-0 MILAN! The hosts lead at San Siro! Milan quickly counter with Pulisic finding Loftus-Cheek, who brilliantly accelerates away from Rodriguez before squaring the ball into the six-yard box. It evades Giroud, but Pulisic arrives to apply the finishing touch.,1
Antonio SanabriaTorino · Striker #9Sanabria cannot continue after picking up a knock. He makes way to be replaced by Pellegri.,0
lic receives the first yellow card of the game after catching Calabria with a high boot.,2
Christian PulisicChelsea · Striker #22The other change sees Pulisic replaced by Gilmour.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Chelsea make a late double substitution, with Mount coming off and he has been replaced by Pedro.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Chelsea lead 2-1! Willian converts from the penalty spot to send the hosts back into the lead, he sends Ederson the wrong way, placing the ball high into the net.,1
RED CARD! Fernandinho is sent off after blocking the shot on the goal line, denying Chelsea a goal. The defender has no complaints about the decision and now Chelsea have the opportunity to take the lead once again.,3
Kevin De Bruyne is booked for a late chalenge, the midfielder is booked after the penalty incident, as the referee allowed the advantage, as it led to the Chelsea attack.,2
Ross BarkleyChelsea · Midfielder #8Chelsea make another substitution, with Barkley replaced by Kovacic.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18Chelsea make their first substitution now, with Giroud replaced by Abraham up front.,0
Benjamin MendyMan City · Defender #22City are eager to get another goal quickly here, with Mendy the latest player coming off and he has been replaced by Zinchenko.,0
GOOOAAALLL! City are level, it's 1-1! Superb free-kick by De Bruyne! The midfielder gets the ball over the wall and it dips straight into the top left-hand corner of the net, giving Kepa no chance of saving it. We have a very interesting game on our hands now.,1
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Double substitution here for City, with Rodri coming off and he has been replaced by David Silva.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Striker #20The other City change sees Bernardo Silva leave the pitch to be replaced by Jesus.,0
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Alonso after he drags Mahrez to the ground, after the winger flicks the ball past him down the right wing.,2
GOOOAAALLL! Chelsea take the lead, it's 1-0! Fantastic counter-attack by Chelsea but it comes after an awful mistake on the halfway line, with Mendy and Gundogan both leaving the ball to each other and Pulisic nicks it off them, races through on goal and then slides it into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1
sst: L. MessiMBAPPE SCORES! And this one will count! Rennes are caught out by the quick break as Icardi drives through the middle. He touches it onto Messi, who picks out Mbappe in space on the left of the box. The Frenchman has time to set himself before curling his low shot past Alemdar, who can't get enough on it to keep it out. 1-0 PSG!,1
Alemdar tries to run the clock down by dawdling over a goal-kick, so he's booked for time-wasting.,2
Martin TerrierRennes · Striker #7Final change for Rennes now as Terrier is taken off and replaced by Assignon.,0
erratti kicks out at the back of Sulemana to stop him from breaking forward and is shown a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Lovro MajerRennes · Midfielder #21Just before PSG can take the corner, Rennes make another change. Majer goes off this time, with Truffert replacing him.,0
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14And Bernat makes way for Mendes as well.,0
Achraf HakimiPSG · Defender #2Hakimi is also taken off, with Kehrer on to replace him.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8There's a triple change for PSG now and it's Paredes that's first to go off, with Icardi on for him.,0
Benjamin BourigeaudRennes · Striker #14And Bouriguead is also taken off, with Sulemana replacing him.,0
 Gaëtan Laborde Rennes · Striker #24There's a double change for Rennes now, with Laborde the first to make way for Guirassy.,0
Xavi SimonsPSG · Striker #34And Simons is also making way, with Wijnaldum on in his place.,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23PSG are making a double change now, and it's Draxler that's first to go off, with Di Maria on for him.,0
bappe tried to keep the attack alive for PSG but caught Omari with a late challenge on his shin. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Demarai GrayEverton · Striker #11Dyche makes his first substitution as Gray limps off for Simms.,0
ickford is up but is yellow-carded for his role in the melee. After a long stoppage, play has resumed.,2
 big scuffle occurred after that Coady interception, for which Solanke receives a booking.,2
Senesi receives the first booking of the contest for bringing down Gray near the touchline.,2
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10O'Neil goes with two up top as Moore replaces Christie.,0
GOAL!!! DOUCOURE PUTS EVERTON IN FRONT WITH A STUNNER!!! The ball sits up for the Toffees midfielder to lash a first-time effort at goal, and it flies into the corner, giving Travers no chance! What a huge moment that could be as the hosts go 1-0 up!!!,1
David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #7O'Neil makes the first substitution of the game, taking off Brooks for Vina.,0
Matías ViñaSassuolo · Defender #17Sassuolo's final change sees Ferrari come on for Vina.,0
Nedim BajramiSassuolo · Midfielder #11Bajrami is also making way, with Defrel on in his place.,0
Andrea PinamontiSassuolo · Striker #9Sassuolo are making a triple change as we head into the final five minutes. Pinamonti is the first to go off, with Castillejo on for him.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Juventus' final roll of the dice is an attacking one as Milik comes on for Locatelli.,0
inamonti took his shirt off in celebration, so he gets a yellow card.,2
INAMONTI SCORES! And just like that, Sassuolo are back in front! They work it down their left, and this time when Lauriente cuts inside he does manage to get his shot on target. Szczesny gets two hands behind the pacy shot but parries it straight to Pinamonti, who heads it over the keeper and into the back of the net. 3-2 Sassuolo!,1
sst: N. FagioliCHIESA EQUALISES! Juventus finally have their first shot on target, and they score from it! It's well worked down the right, but Iling-Junior's cross is cleared as far as Fagioli on the left. He cushions the ball into Chiesa's path and the Italy star makes no mistake as he rifles it past Cragno at his near post. 2-2!,1
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #9Juve's latest change sees Kean introduced in place of Vlahovic.,0
Vina is dawdling over a throw-in and, much to his disbelief, he's booked for time-wasting.,2
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #16Juventus are making their third change while Bremer finishes off getting treatment. McKennie is taken off, with Weah on to replace him.,0
It's a poor challenge from Berardi as he catches Bremer high on the shin with his studs. He's also shown a yellow card.,2
anilo gets nowhere near the ball and crashes into Berardi, stopping him in his tracks. He's not happy, but it was a clear booking.,2
Boloca tries to step across Chiesa to win the ball, but steps on the forward's foot instead. He goes into the referee's book.,2
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Miretti is also making way, with Fagioli on for him.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #11There are changes for both sides at the break, starting with a double one for Juve. Kostic is taken off, with Iling-Junior on in his place.,0
Asst: M. HenriqueBERARDI SCORES! McKennie's pass is cut out by Henrique, and Miretti slips as he tries to close him down. The Brazilian drives to the edge of the D before squaring it to Berardi. He hits the shot first time, whipping it out of Szczesny's reach and into the bottom left corner. 2-1 Sassuolo!,1
Rabiot is late as he steps across Henrique and trips the midfielder. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2
SASSUOLO LEAD! And it's a moment to forget for Szczesny! It's a poor attempt at a clearance from Bremer and he nods it straight down to Lauriente, who gets a lot of power behind his strike towards the near post. The keeper gets two hands behind it, but as it bounces off the floor, it hits his foot and hits the back of the net. 1-0 Sassuolo!,1
Mateusz KlichLeeds United · Midfielder #43Final change for Leeds now and it's Shackleton that's coming on for Klich.,0
Asst: P. HernándezLEEDS HAVE FIVE! It's another counter-attack that catches Newcastle out and it ends with a brilliant goal from Harrison. He takes the shot from outside the box and drills it into the top corner. 5-2 Leeds! ,1
Asst: P. HernándezALIOSKI SCORES! Leeds break on the counter and have five players forward against two Newcastle defenders. Alioski has time to take a touch when he gets it from Hernandez before drilling his shot into the back of the net. 4-2 Leeds! ,1
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Another change by Bielsa now and he's bringing on Roberts to replace Bamford.,0
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Midfielder #20First change for Leeds now and it's Hernandez that's coming on to replace Rodrigo.,0
Asst: M. KlichDALLAS SCORES! It's a mistake from Longstaff that opens up the chance for Leeds and it's another good cross in from the left. Klich picks out Dallas at the far post and he heads the ball back across the keeper and into the bottom corner. 3-2 Leeds!,1
Ryan FraserNewcastle · Midfielder #21Final change for Newcastle now and Almiron is coming on to replace Fraser.,0
JoelintonNewcastle · Striker #9Second change for Newcastle now and it's Gayle, who scored the winner against West Brom at the weekend, that's coming on for Joelinton.,0
Raphinha picks up a yellow card after a late challenge on Fraser.,2
sst: R. FraserCLARK EQUALISES! Ayling doesn't get tight at the corner and Clark rises above him to head in. He nods it down and Meslier can't keep it from crossing the line at the far post. 2-2! ,1
Jeff HendrickNewcastle · Midfielder #16First change of the game is by Newcastle as the goal scorer, Hendrick, makes way for Krafth.,0
Asst: J. HarrisonRODRIGO SCORES! The cross is volleyed into the middle by Harrison on the left and Rodrigo runs into the box, pulling away from his defender, to get on the end of it. He heads his effort in at the far post and Darlow can't stop it. 2-1 Leeds! ,1
Hayden slides in late on Klich from behind and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Phillips steps across Murphy to try and win the ball back but misses it and picks up a booking for the challenge.,2
Klich picks up the first yellow card of the game after sticking out a leg and catching Fraser with a late challenge.,2
EEDS EQUALISE! Their pressure has finally paid off as Bamford finds the back of the net! It's a great cross from Raphinha and Rodrigo heads it on in the middle. It loops up onto the crossbar and Darlow falls in his attempts to get it. It bounces back out and Bamford nods it in from close range. 1-1! ,1
Asst: C. WilsonNEWCASTLE LEAD! It's a good move by Newcastle down the left and it's a brilliant cross from Fraser. Hendrick anticipates Wilson flicking it on and times his run perfectly before hitting his shot back across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Newcastle! ,1
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22Another change by the Hammers as they look to hang onto the win. Benrahma is replaced by Masuaku.,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20West Ham had been preparing this change before the Liverpool goal, with Bowen the man coming off and he has been replaced by Coufal.,0
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOAL! LIVERPOOL PULL ONE BACK! It's 3-2! Henderson fires a ball into the path of Alexander-Arnold, but he can’t control it and it bounces to Origi, who takes a touch and then fires his effort into the bottom-right corner of the net. Lovely finish! Can Liverpool complete the comeback?,1
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Final Liverpool change in an attempt to get something out of the game, with Fabinho replaced by Minamino.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Liverpool make another change now, with Jota coming off and he has been replaced by Origi.,0
sst: J. BowenGOAL! ZOUMA MAKES IT 3-1! It’s another superb corner delivery by West Ham and this time Zouma is on the end of it to fire it into the back of the net. Bowen whips a deep ball into the box and Zouma sneaks in at the far post completely unmarked and he powers a header past Alisson from a tight angle.,1
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Midfielder #15Liverpool make their first substitution following the goal, with Oxlade-Chamberlain coming off and he has been replaced by Thiago.,0
sst: J. BowenGOAL! WEST HAM REGAIN THE LEAD! Liverpool lose the ball in the West Ham half and the hosts race forward on the counter-attack, with Bowen charging forward. He then lays it off to Fornals, who sprints to the edge of the box and fires a low strike towards the bottom-right corner of the net. Alisson gets a touch on it, but can’t stop it from flying in and West Ham lead 2-1!,1
Alexander-Arnold is booked after he tugs the arm Benrahma as the winger looked to break forward on the counter-attack.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Soucek, after he deliberately stops Jota in his tracks as Liverpool looked to break on the counter.,2
Asst: M. SalahGOAL! LIVERPOOL EQUALISE! What a free-kick by Alexander-Arnold! The right-back rolls the ball to Salah, who stops it and Alexander-Arnold then curls the ball over the top of the West Ham wall and into the top right corner of the net. Fabianski had no chance of stopping that, he could only watch it fly in. It’s 1-1!,1
Angelo OgbonnaWest Ham · Defender #21Here is the enforced change, with Dawson heading onto the pitch, replacing Ogbonna.,0
For dissent towards the referee following Joelinton's foul in midfield, Longstaff is booked.,2
Mario LeminaWolves · Midfielder #5Wolves' opening goalscorer Lemina departs after a good shift in midfield, to be replaced by Joao Gomes.,0
it Nouri becomes the first Wolves player to see yellow today, apparently for timewasting,2
aving mistimed a sliding challenge on Ait Nouri in midfield, Trippier joins two team-mates in the referee's notebook.,2
Pedro NetoWolves · Midfielder #7Although Neto's injury is a major blow, O'Neil takes the opportunity to pose Newcastle a different threat now: Kalajdzic is sent on to add more aerial presence up front.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Howe reacts to seeing his side brought back to level terms: Almiron is replaced by Willock for the closing stages.,0
Asst: T. GomesWOLVES PULL LEVEL! The hosts have the leveller they deserve: it's 2-2 at Molineux! Pope's weak punch falls to Tote Gomes, who sidesteps two players on the edge of the box before switching it to Hwang. The latter then cuts inside and dispatches it into the bottom-right corner!,1
alting Hwang's sprint towards the ball deep inside Newacstle territory, Lascelles brings his opponent down and is shown a yellow card.,2
Finally, the game's first booking arrives. It's a pointless one, as Burn sees yellow for sarcastically greeting the officials' decision to award Wolves a free-kick.,2
Boubacar TraoréWolves · Midfielder #6O'Neil decides to make a change in midfield, as Traore is withdrawn and Manchester City loanee Doyle sent on in his place.,0
enalty GoalWILSON DOUBLES UP! Just beating Sa from 12 yards, Wilson fires his penalty kick into the net via the goalkeeper's left hand! That puts Newcastle back in front just before the break, it's 2-1 to the Magpies!,1
sst: P. NetoWOLVES BITE BACK! Meeting Neto's outswinging corner from the left, Lemina dives ahead of Trippier to reach the ball and plants his header into the net! The hosts draw level: it's 1-1!,1
EWCASTLE LEAD! An error by Sa sees the ball spilled inside the Wolves area, then Wilson reacts first. Tote Gomes then makes a miraculous block, but the England striker quickly pounces to force home the rebound: it's 1-0 to Newcastle at Molineux!,1
Asst: J. RamseyGOOOOAAAAALLL!!! VILLA HAVE ONE BACK!! Ramsey cuts the ball back to Diaby on the edge of the box and he sends a brilliant first-time shot through a sea of bodies and in off the right-hand post. 3-1!,1
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Zaniolo is given a run-out for the dying embers of a tie that has been over for a while. Bailey departs for Villa.,0
Boubacar KamaraAston Villa · Midfielder #44Iroegbunam is on in place of Kamara for the closing few minutes.,0
Nicolas JacksonChelsea · Midfielder #15The changes are coming thick and fast now as Nkunku comes on for Jackson.,0
Benoît BadiashileChelsea · Defender #5Badiashile leaves the field with an injury, which Pochettino will be hoping is not too serious. Gilchrist is his replacement.,0
Cole PalmerChelsea · Striker #20Thiago Silva is introduced late on, with Palmer the man to make way.,0
Chelsea goalkeeper Petrovic is cautioned for taking too long over a goal-kick.,2
Noni MaduekeChelsea · Midfielder #11Madueke has had one of his better games in a Chelsea shirt today. He is replaced by Sterling.,0
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7McGinn, another who has disappointed for Villa, is replaced by Diaby for the final 20 minutes or so.,0
Youri TielemansAston Villa · Midfielder #8Emery turns to his bench for the first time today. Ramsey is on for Tielemans, who has had a very poor game.,0
ernandez celebrated by taking his shirt off and showing it to the TV camera pitchside, earning himself a caution in the process.,2
OOOAAALLL!!! CHELSEA HAVE A THIRD!! Chelsea win a free-kick a good 25-30 yards from goal following a Tielemans challenge on Fernandez, although replays show it was perhaps the Chelsea midfielder who instigated the contact. Fernandez stands over it and, despite the distance, curls an unbelievable effort over the wall and into the top-left corner. Martinez gets across but cannot get enough on the ball to keep it out. 3-0!,1
iego Carlos takes out Gusto to halt a Chelsea counter and is shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: M. GustoGOOOAAALLL!!! CHELSEA MAKE IT 2-0!! Well this is a turn up for the form book! Gusto whips in a sublime ball from the right and Jackson just heads it down and away from Martinez. Poor defending from Villa, but another well-worked goal for the visitors.,1
Asst: N. MaduekeGOOOAAALLL!!! CHELSEA LEAD 1-0!! What a brilliantly worked goal for the visitors! Jackson drives into the box and lays it off to Madueke in the middle. Madueke takes a touch and then sets up Gallagher, who thumps the ball into the top-left corner before Martinez can even react.,1
Daniel KyerewaaPreußen Münster · Midfielder #7Munster make their final change as Kyerewaa is replaced by Bouchama.,0
Asst: B. SarrGOAL!! Tel finishes brilliantly to cap off an impressive display. He runs onto Sarr's magnificent through ball and slots home with a low shot from a tight angle.,1
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Kimmich comes off for Fukui in a double switch.,0
Sebastian MrowcaPreußen Münster · Midfielder #26Munster make another change as Mrowca is replaced by Preissinger.,0
Malik BatmazPreußen Münster · Striker #23In another change for Munster, Grodowski comes on for Batmaz.,0
Alexander HahnPreußen Münster · Defender #42Munster have made a change. Hahn is replaced by Scherder.,0
Asst: J. KimmichGOAL BAYERN! Kratzig turns in Kimmich's cross from close range to score his first goal for the club! Bayern lead 3-0.,1
yerewaa receives the first yellow card of the game for a late challenge on Goretzka.,2
Asst: L. GoretzkaGOAL!! There was no stopping that from Laimer! Goretzka dinks a wonderful cross to the defender at the back post, who looks as though he shapes up to head the ball back across the six-yard box, but he doesn't - he loops it over Schenk's head and into the opposite corner. Bayern lead 2-0!,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Tuchel is taking no chances with Gnabry after he suffered that knock earlier on. He brings the winger off for Kratzig.,0
GOAL!! There's a mix-up in the box between the Munster defence as Tel's cross troubles the home side, and as the ball drops just outside the six-yard box, Choupo-Moting is in the right place to poke the ball into the net. Munich take the early lead!,1
issouma picks up the first yellow card of the game for a frustrated barge on Fernandinho.,2
OAL!!! STERLING GETS HIS HAT-TRICK IN BIZARRE FASHION!! David Silva lofts a lovely ball forward and Sterling tries to flick it over the head of Dunk. The Brighton captain gets his head on it first and tries to play it back to his keeper, but there's confusion in the Seagulls defence as Ryan comes charging out and Sterling goes to ground, managing to nod the ball goalwards past the Australian on his way down. Burn tries desperately to clear it off the line, but he can only ping it in off the base of the post! It's now 5-0 to City!,1
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Burn enters the fray now as Potter throws on an extra defender at the expense of Gross.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Fernandinho also comes on to replace Rodri. It's a rare chance for the Brazilian to play in his preferred defensive midfield role, having spent much of the season at centre-back to cover for injuries.,0
Eric GarcíaMan City · Defender #50The game suffers further disruption as Guardiola makes a double-switch. Stones replaces Garcia alongside Laporte at the heart of the defence.,0
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Midfielder #11Jahanbakhsh takes to the field in place of Trossard, who came close to levelling the scores in the first half. ,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17David Silva takes both De Bruyne's place in midfield and the captain's armband as the Belgian departs the field.,0
Benjamin MendyMan City · Defender #22Mendy also makes way for Zinchenko at left-back in the second part of a triple-change.,0
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9Jesus does not look pleased at being brought off for Foden, with Guardiola making changes now the game looks to be wrapped up.,0
Aaron ConnollyBrighton · Striker #44Finally, Maupay comes on up front for Connolly, who has hardly had a sniff all game.,0
Davy PröpperBrighton · Midfielder #24Stephens replaces Propper in a like-for-like alteration in midfield as the second substitution.,0
Martín MontoyaBrighton · Defender #22Potter responds to his side conceding a fourth by making a triple substitution. It may be a little too late to affect the scoreline in a meaningful way, but Lamptey replaces Montoya at right-back in the first change.,0
Asst: G. JesusGOAL!!! SILVA MAKES IT FOUR!! The Portuguese's first effort was saved by Ryan and Jesus couldn't latch onto the rebound as Dunk dived to intervene. It found its way back to Silva in space inside the box, however, and he made no mistake with the finish the second time, slotting into the bottom-left corner! It's now 4-0 to City!,1
sst: R. MahrezGOAL!!! STERLING HEADS HOME HIS SECOND!! Mendy wins the ball high up on the left and finds Sterling to his right. The winger squares for De Bruyne, who drives to the edge of the box and finds Mahrez, who cuts onto his left and lofts in a superb cross that Sterling heads emphatically home at the back post! It's 3-0 to City now!,1
sst: RodriGOAL!!! JESUS DOUBLES CITY'S LEAD!! Rodri heads the resulting corner towards the back post where Jesus is waiting to scramble home past Ryan! The striker has got himself into plenty of good positions this evening and finally has a goal to show for it. It's 2-0 to Manchester City now!,1
sst: G. JesusGOAL!!! STERLING FIRES CITY AHEAD!! The ball is worked quickly into the feet of Jesus and the striker links up with Sterling on the edge of the box. The winger cuts inside and calmly slots his shot into the bottom-right corner past a diving Ryan! It's 1-0 to City! ,1
Grant HanleyNorwich City · Defender #5Lewis replaces Hanley that should see a reshuffle in the Norwich backline, with Byram moving into the middle.,0
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9Gomes makes his way on to the field for United's final change to replace Martial.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GREENWOOD MAKES IT FOUR!!!! 4-0!!! United score their fourth of the afternoon courtesy of a fine finish from Greenwood. It's abject defending from the Canaries as they allow the forward space and time to pick his spot from the edge of the box. He pulls the trigger on a left-footed strike that beats Krul into the bottom-right corner.,1
Andreas PereiraMan United · Midfielder #15Greenwood replaces Pereira for the home side in the final third.,0
Mario VrančićNorwich City · Midfielder #8Amadou makes his way on to the field to replace Vrancic.,0
Adam IdahNorwich City · Striker #35Idah is withdrawn and replaced by Hernandez in the final third.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Solskjaer withdraws Rashford for James, which could be injury related as he walks down the tunnel.,0
sst: J. MataGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MARTIAL HEADS HOME!! 3-0!!!! United catch the visitors cold with a quickly-taken corner. Mata curls a dangerous cross into the middle. Martial rises highest above two defenders to glance his effort away from Krul into the top-left corner. Norwich have imploded at the start of the second half and United are on their way towards the three points.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RASHFORD CONVERTS!!!! 2-0!!!! United double their advantage as the forward holds his nerve from 12 yards. He curls his effort beyond the reach of Krul, finding the bottom-right corner. The Red Devils now have complete control of the contest.,1
Asst: J. MataGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RASHFORD PUTS UNITED AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! Mata gets on the ball and creates something out of nothing for the home side. He collects on the right flank and whips a perfect deep cross to the back post. Rashford times his run to perfection and gets behind Aarons to steer a strike beyond Krul into the back of a net. A super team goal from the Red Devils.,1
Víctor GómezBraga · Defender #2Victor Gomez comes off; Joe Mendes is sent on.,0
Rodrigo ZalazarBraga · Midfielder #16Aiming to keep up their impressive fight for three points until full-time, Braga make a triple substitution: first, Zalazar is replaced by Andre Horta.,0
Rani KhediraUnion Berlin · Midfielder #8Union captain Khedira is also withdrawn; Aaronson replaces him.,0
Aïssa LaïdouniUnion Berlin · Midfielder #20Kral comes on for Laidouni, as Bjelica freshens up his midfield ahead of the game's concluding chapter.,0
Simon BanzaBraga · Striker #23A bright display by Banza ends early, with Abel Ruiz taking his place in Braga's attack.,0
Lucas TousartUnion Berlin · Midfielder #29Bjelica responds to his side's loss of control, making two substitutions: first, Tousart is replaced by Haberer.,0
Kevin BehrensUnion Berlin · Striker #17Fofana is also sent on, replacing Behrens up front.,0
nion captain Khedira crudely drags back Zalazar by his sleeve and receives a merited booking - he made absolutely no attempt to play the ball.,2
Asst: R. HortaBRAGA BACK LEVEL! Pouncing on an error in midfield, Ricardo Horta steals the ball on the left, then feeds Djalo, who finds some rare space in a central position. The latter then drives into Union's penalty area before driving the ball hard and low beneath Ronnow, who can't stop it from squirming under his body! It's 1-1, and all to play for at the quarry!,1
Zalazar's protests for a penalty are taken a little too far, so the referee reaches for a yellow card. Braga have to be careful not to lose their heads here.,2
sst: J. RoussillonUNION TAKE THE LEAD! Making the most of their one-man advantage, centre-back Roussillon storms forward and crosses low from the left, picking out Gosens in the area. After an untidy first touch, the Germany international then picks out the bottom corner with unerring accuracy, slamming home a trademark finish with his potent left foot! It's 1-0 to Die Eisernen in Braga!,1
As the away side press forward in search of an opening goal, Tousart is booked by the referee for a flagrant example of simulation in the opposition area. Simply put, that was a dive.,2
CarvalhoBraga · Midfielder #18Shuffling his pack following Niakate's dismissal, Artur Jorge withdraws Vitor Carvalho and sends on a centre-back, Serdar Saatci.,0
ith Laidouni surging into space in central midfield, Gomez tries to recover but instead hauls down his opponent and is shown a yellow card.,2
ollowing a quick VAR check, Niakate's booking for hacking down Behrens is overturned, and the referee flashes a red card in the defender's direction! He has his marching orders, and Braga are one man down before the break!,3
Arriving late into a challenge on Braga captain Ricardo Horta, Knoche clips his opponent and picks up an early booking - he'll have to tread cautiously from now on.,2
Víctor GómezBraga · Defender #2Victor Gomez comes off; Joe Mendes is sent on.,0
Rodrigo ZalazarBraga · Midfielder #16Aiming to keep up their impressive fight for three points until full-time, Braga make a triple substitution: first, Zalazar is replaced by Andre Horta.,0
Rani KhediraUnion Berlin · Midfielder #8Union captain Khedira is also withdrawn; Aaronson replaces him.,0
Aïssa LaïdouniUnion Berlin · Midfielder #20Kral comes on for Laidouni, as Bjelica freshens up his midfield ahead of the game's concluding chapter.,0
Simon BanzaBraga · Striker #23A bright display by Banza ends early, with Abel Ruiz taking his place in Braga's attack.,0
Lucas TousartUnion Berlin · Midfielder #29Bjelica responds to his side's loss of control, making two substitutions: first, Tousart is replaced by Haberer.,0
Kevin BehrensUnion Berlin · Striker #17Fofana is also sent on, replacing Behrens up front.,0
nion captain Khedira crudely drags back Zalazar by his sleeve and receives a merited booking - he made absolutely no attempt to play the ball.,2
Asst: R. HortaBRAGA BACK LEVEL! Pouncing on an error in midfield, Ricardo Horta steals the ball on the left, then feeds Djalo, who finds some rare space in a central position. The latter then drives into Union's penalty area before driving the ball hard and low beneath Ronnow, who can't stop it from squirming under his body! It's 1-1, and all to play for at the quarry!,1
Zalazar's protests for a penalty are taken a little too far, so the referee reaches for a yellow card. Braga have to be careful not to lose their heads here.,2
sst: J. RoussillonUNION TAKE THE LEAD! Making the most of their one-man advantage, centre-back Roussillon storms forward and crosses low from the left, picking out Gosens in the area. After an untidy first touch, the Germany international then picks out the bottom corner with unerring accuracy, slamming home a trademark finish with his potent left foot! It's 1-0 to Die Eisernen in Braga!,1
As the away side press forward in search of an opening goal, Tousart is booked by the referee for a flagrant example of simulation in the opposition area. Simply put, that was a dive.,2
CarvalhoBraga · Midfielder #18Shuffling his pack following Niakate's dismissal, Artur Jorge withdraws Vitor Carvalho and sends on a centre-back, Serdar Saatci.,0
ith Laidouni surging into space in central midfield, Gomez tries to recover but instead hauls down his opponent and is shown a yellow card.,2
ollowing a quick VAR check, Niakate's booking for hacking down Behrens is overturned, and the referee flashes a red card in the defender's direction! He has his marching orders, and Braga are one man down before the break!,3
Arriving late into a challenge on Braga captain Ricardo Horta, Knoche clips his opponent and picks up an early booking - he'll have to tread cautiously from now on.,2
Emil KrafthNewcastle · Defender #17Howe makes an attacking sub as Murphy enters the action to replace Krafth.,0
James MilnerLiverpool · Midfielder #7Milner is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Thiago in the middle of the park.,0
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Henderson is withdrawn and is booed off the field by the Newcastle fans due to his Sunderland history. Fabinho replaces the Liverpool skipper.,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Mane's last action of the game is to pick up a booking. Salah replaces the forward.,0
Van Dijk attacks a corner from the right flank and heads towards goal. Mane sticks out a boot to try to steer it past Dubravka on the line, but he catches the keeper in the process. Mane is booked for his challenge.,2
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Wood replaces Willock for the home side, which may see Joelinton drop into a deeper role.,0
Fabian SchärNewcastle · Defender #5Schar is forced off for the home side and is replaced in the backline by Lascelles.,0
Willock spins away from Gomez down the left flank and is brought down by the full-back. Gomez goes into the book.,2
Jota squares up to Joelinton after a challenge and is booked for shoving the Newcastle man.,2
sst: D. JotaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KEITA PRODUCES A COMPOSED FINISH!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! Keita does extremely well in the final third to play a one-two with Jota before rounding Dubravka to fire home. Milner starts the move with a fine challenge on Schar to win the ball on the slide. Liverpool work the ball to the right flank where Keita goes for the give-and-go with Jota, who releases him with a sublime pass. There is still work to do for the midfielder, but he creates the angle to round Dubravka before firing past two players on the line with his left foot.,1
Bakker's speculative shot from distance rolls wide for a goal kick, and Moris is booked after taking 'just a little' too long to take the resultant goal kick!,2
Victor BonifaceUnion Saint-Gilloise · Striker #7Boniface has embodied everything good about Saint-Gilloise in this game and slotted home a superb opening goal, but the Nigerian is replaced late on by Swedish striker Gustaf Nilsson.,0
Moussa DiabyLeverkusen · Striker #19Diaby comes off late for Leverkusen, and Adam Hlozek enters the fray hoping to make a late impact up front.,0
Wirtz drops deep to collect a pass from Tah, but he's clattered from behind by Lapoussin, who is immediately shown a yellow card for his reckless challenge.,2
Asst: S. AzmounGOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! What a way to equalise!!! It's a really well-worked goal from Leverkusen, and you have to say that it's been coming. Hincapie's forward pass to Azmoun sees the Iranian twist and turn away from two defenders, before laying the ball off to Wirtz. First-time, he curls a low, right-footed effort through the crowd, and the ball sneaks past a stretching Moris to nestle in the bottom corner! 1-1, and with less than 10 minutes to go, this first leg is blown wide open once again!,1
Senne LynenUnion Saint-Gilloise · Midfielder #20Lynen is next off for the visitors, with Oussama El Azzouzi coming into the midfield for the last 10 minutes of this game.,0
azare is just getting to his feet after a foul by Hincapie, but is then brushed in the face by the Ecuadorian and hits the deck once more! There's barely a sniff of contact, but just the intent of that is enough for the referee to show Hincapie a yellow card.,2
Yorbe VertessenUnion Saint-Gilloise · Striker #18Saint-Gilloise make their first change of the game, as Vertessen is replaced by Cameron Puertas.,0
Amine AdliLeverkusen · Striker #21Leverkusen make their second change of the match, as the lively Adli is replaced by Sardar Azmoun, who will no doubt provide more of an outlet through the middle of their attack.,0
sst: T. TeumaGOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!!! Superb from Saint-Gilloise, and their main man opens the scoring!! The visitors break from Leverkusen's free-kick, but Hradecky races a mile out of his box to clear the ball. Union recycle possession quickly though, and Teuma finds Boniface in acres of space. He drives into the box and stands up Tapsoba, before firing a low shot right into the bottom corner! No chance there for Hradecky, and the Nigerian gives his side a 1-0 lead!,1
Exequiel PalaciosLeverkusen · Midfielder #25Leverkusen make one half-time change, as Kerem Demirbay comes on for Palacios at the base of their midfield.,0
A positive Union SG move is cut out by Tah, who finds Adli down the right channel. He attempts to flick the bouncing ball over the head of Van der Heyden, but is caught very late by the defender, who picks up the first yellow card of the tie.,2
here's a flare-up just before the referee blows the final whistle, and Schar has managed to talk himself into a booking.,2
Florenzi knew exactly what he was doing there as he just clipped Almiron's heels to stop a counter-attack. He's the fifth Milan player to get a yellow card.,2
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #10Pioli's final substitution sees him bring on 17-year-old Bartesaghi for his Champions League debut in place of Leao.,0
Asst: N. OkaforCHUKWUEZE SCORES! What an impact by the substitute as Milan are ahead for the first time in this game! Milan break quickly on the counter, and it's well worked between Okafor and Pobega through the middle. The forward squares it to Chukwueze, who takes it first time and fires a wonderful shot past Dubravka to lift Milan up to third in Group F. 2-1 Milan!,1
Yunus MusahMilan · Midfielder #80Milan are making another double change here. Musah, who is on a yellow card, is replaced by Chukwueze.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9And Giroud, who hasn't managed a single shot in this game, is replaced by Okafor.,0
It's desperate defending by Musah, who knows that he can't catch Isak, so he rugby tackles him to the ground from behind. The referee has the yellow card out before they hit the ground.,2
Jovic gets wrongside of Schar and pulls the defender back. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2
Christian PulisicMilan · Midfielder #11And the goalscorer, Pulisic, is taken off for another goal threat in Jovic.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekMilan · Midfielder #8Milan are making their first changes now, as they look for a goal that would keep them in European football. Loftus-Cheek is the first to go off, with Pobega on for him.,0
oelinton just clipped Loftus-Cheek a little late, and he's the first Newcastle player into the referee's book.,2
Lewis MileyNewcastle · Midfielder #67Newcastle's third change sees Miley, who set up the opening goal for Joelinton, making way for Longstaff, who has already scored in the Champions League this term.,0
Kieran TrippierNewcastle · Defender #2And Burn makes his return from injury as he comes on for Trippier, which will see Livramento switch out to right-back.,0
Anthony GordonNewcastle · Striker #10Newcastle are making a double change here as they attempt to retake the lead. They're adding another striker in Isak, who will partner Wilson up top. He replaces Gordon.,0
Asst: O. GiroudPULISIC EQUALISES! Newcastle fail to clear their lines properly after a corner, and it's worked out to Musah on the left. He slides it into Leao on the overlap, who is completely unmarked, and he curls it in. It's touched from Loftus-Cheek to Giroud, who cushions it into Pulisic, and he slots it through Dubravka to pull level. That drops Newcastle back into third in the table! 1-1!,1
Trippier swings the corner in and Maignan comes a long way out to claim it, crashing into Joelinton in the process. He's furious that the Brazilian doesn't get a booking, even though there wasn't much in it, and the keeper is booked for his reaction.,2
Leao is looking to break on the counter but just catches Almiron on the side of the head with his elbow as he tries to hold him off. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
sst: L. MileyJOELINTON SCORES! What a goal from the Brazilian! Gordon finds a pocket, and none of the Milan players are in any hurry to close him down. He could've shot himself, but instead spreads it out to Miley, who touches it into Joelinton. It bounces up so he hits it on the half-volley, rifling it into the top corner. St James' Park erupts, and that goal currently puts them in the driving seat for a place in the round of 16! 1-0 Newcastle!,1
Youri TielemansAston Villa · Midfielder #8Villa's deadline-day signing Rogers replaces Tielemans for the closing stages. Tielemans scored a stunner to mark a fine performance.,0
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28Davies makes his return from injury for the Blades as he replaces McAtee, who has endured a tough evening.,0
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7Emery is taking his chance to ease the burden on his key men. McGinn takes off the armband and is replaced Iroegbunam.,0
Ben Brereton DíazSheffield United · Midfielder #11Archer, who scored in the reverse fixture, enters the contest to replace Brereton Diaz. The forward had a tough game as he was isolated in the final third.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Bailey put on a clinic in the first half, scoring a stunner on his left foot. Diaby replaces him on the Villa right. There's no let up for the Blades defence.,0
Ezri KonsaAston Villa · Defender #4Cash enters the game to replace the injured Konsa at right-back. He has a point to prove after being left out of the starting line-up.,0
Andre BrooksSheffield United · Midfielder #35Osborn replaces Brooks in the Sheffield United midfield. Brooks was overwhelmed by Villa's quality in the middle of the park.,0
Rhys Norrington-DaviesSheffield United · Defender #33Norrington-Davies has had a torrid time on his first Premier League start and is replaced by Robinson.,0
Asst: O. WatkinsGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MORENO HAMMERS IN A FIFTH!!!!! 5-0 VILLA!!!!! Trusty fails to clear his lines and Watkins scoops a cross to the back post where Moreno blasts home a strike. Trusty makes two mistakes as he fails to cut out Konsa's pass forward and then compounds his error by presenting possession straight to Watkins. He floats a cross to the back stick where Moreno delivers a predatory finish on his left foot, striking the ball first time past Foderingham.,1
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6After a stellar first half, Emery takes the chance to withdrawn Luiz to replace him with Ramsey. Villa don't need to take any risks.,0
William OsulaSheffield United · Striker #32Wilder withdraws Osula at the break and replaces him with Hamer. Brereton Diaz could go central for the hosts.,0
Bogle takes a swipe at Moreno's heels and goes into the book. That was a tackle of a frustrated player.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! TIELEMANS SCORES THIS TIME!!!!! 4-0 VILLA!!!! Villa are embarrassing Sheffield United now as Tielemans gathers the ball and hammers his strike in off the bar. On this occasion, the corner is cleared into his path on the edge of the box. The Belgian takes a touch and blasts his effort through a crowd of players before it rattles the underside of the bar and nestles in the back of the net.,1
Asst: O. WatkinsGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BAILEY SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 3-0 VILLA!!!!! The home side are caught cold on the counter again and Bailey produces a stunning finish into the top-left corner. Watkins plays a simple pass to Bailey in acres of space in the Sheffield United half. Bailey surges at Norrington-Davies before he cuts inside on his left foot and curls his effort beyond Foderingham's reach. This could get messy for Wilder's men.,1
Asst: D. LuizGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! WATKINS BURIES HIS STRIKE!!!!!! 2-0 VILLA!!!! The forward makes another brilliant run behind the Blades defence and smashes his effort low and hard past Foderingham. Luiz threads the needle with the outside of his boot following a failed Sheffield United attack to send Watkins on his way. He takes his effort first time before Ahmedhodzic can act and finds the bottom-left corner. The home side are in a world of trouble now.,1
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MCGINN SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!!!! 1-0 VILLA!! The visitors take the lead as the Scot pounces after Watkins' effort hits the post. Watkins latches onto a long ball over the top and lifts a strike over the onrushing Foderingham. Ahmedhodzic makes a desperate lunge to clear it off the line, but fails to connect as it hits the post. McGinn is first to react and places the ball into an empty net.,1
GOAL! Gnabry seals the points! The German tries his luck from range and, after seeing his initial effort parried by Flekken, he reacts quickest to reach the loose ball and fire the rebound into the bottom left corner from the centre of the box. 3-1.,1
Lucas HölerSC Freiburg · Striker #9The hosts respond to going behind by making their last change as Holer goes off to be replaced by Schlotterbeck.,0
Asst: S. GnabrySURELY THE WINNER! Zirkzee puts Bayern back in front! Gnabry picks his head up and floats a pass down the right side of the penalty area for Zirkzee. The substitute sticks out his right boot and touches the ball beyond Flekken from close range. 2-1.,1
Philippe CoutinhoBayern · Midfielder #10The away side make their final change as Coutinho makes way for Zirkzee. It remains 1-1.,0
hiago is the latest played to receive a yellow card after cynically tripping Hofler when the hosts looked to launch a quick counter.,2
Vincenzo GrifoSC Freiburg · Midfielder #32Freiburg make their second substitution of the match as Borrello replaces Grifo, the scorer of the equalising goal. There are 14 minutes of normal time left to play.,0
ewandowski picks up a yellow card for dissent after arguing that he was pushed in the box by Heintz in looking to latch onto Gnabry’s cross.,2
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Bayern make their first change of the match as Martinez comes onto the field in place of Muller. It remains 1-1.,0
Asst: J. HabererGOAL! Freiburg are level! Kwon does incredibly well down the right wing before laying the ball off for Haberer. The attacker picks his head up and floats a cross in towards the far post where Grifo is well placed to volley the delivery into the top left corner of the net. 1-1.,1
Mike FrantzSC Freiburg · Midfielder #8The hosts are forced into making their first change of the match as the injured Frantz is replaced by Kwon.,0
Muller is the first player to pick up a yellow card after cynically fouling Holer with a slide tackle on the halfway line as Freiburg looked to break. He can have no complaints about that decision.,2
sst: A. DaviesGOAL! Lewandowski gives Bayern the lead! Davies skips beyond Haberer down the left flank before drilling a low cross into the penalty area. The Polish striker gets the better of Koch and slots his close-range finish beyond Flekken. 1-0.,1
yew is carded for a blatant foul as he successfully stopped a Newcastle counter-attack.,2
Jaïro RiedewaldCrystal Palace · Midfielder #44Final sub for Palace sees Riedewald replaced by Kouyate for the final few moments.,0
Ciaran ClarkNewcastle · Defender #2One final change for the Magpies as Carroll replaces Clark.,0
Javier ManquilloNewcastle · Defender #19Bruce makes another attacking change, with Gayle on for the final 13 minutes as Manquillo makes way.,0
Michy BatshuayiCrystal Palace · Striker #23Batshuayi has barely featured tonight and he gets hauled off, with Benteke on in his place.,0
ilivojevic is shown a yellow card and the referee had little choice. The Palace skipper caught Wilson with a diving lunge and Newcastle now have a free-kick in a good position.,2
Jeff HendrickNewcastle · Midfielder #16Bruce is going for it after the hour mark as Hendrick is replaced by Saint-Maximin. ,0
Wilfried ZahaCrystal Palace · Striker #11Zaha limps his way down the tunnel and Townsend comes on for the final half-hour.,0
Clyne joins Shelvey in the book after a sloppy challenge near the edge of his own box as he brings down Fraser.,2
helvey picks up the first yellow card of the evening after chopping down Ayew on the halfway line.,2
Asst: E. EzeGOAAAALLLL - NEWCASTLE 1-2 CRYSTAL PALACE - Cahill heads Palace into the lead, and this game has been turned on its head. The Magpies conceded a cheap free-kick, allowing Eze to pick his pass from near the corner flag. His cross was aimed towards the near post, and Cahill has got across goal and steered the ball home. Darlow had no chance and Palace lead. What a game we have on our hands here!,1
THUNDERBOLT!!!!! NEWCASTLE 1-1 CRYSTAL PALACE - Riedewald draws Palace level with a piledriver from the edge of the box. Van Aanholt caused problems with a low cross, which Newcastle cleared to the edge of the area. Riedewald was lurking, and his powerful drive takes a deflection off Clark and flies past Darlow. GAME ON!,1
sst: C. WilsonWHAT A START!!!!!! NEWCASTLE 1-0 CRYSTAL PALACE - Shelvey smashes the ball into the bottom corner and gives Newcastle the dream start at home. The playmaker popped up on the edge of the box and converted Wilson's pass into the far corner after drilling his shot under the bodies of three Palace players.,1
Asst: B. DiaGOALLLLL! CANDREVA SCORES AGAINST HIS OLD CLUB! 1-1! Inter should have scored three or four but the game is now level. Dia lays the ball down the right flank with Candreva stretching the pitch. He looks to put a cross into the box, but it goes over the head of Onana and into the net.,1
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #90Lukaku has one assist to his name but should really have two after playing the ball into the feet of Martinez who couldn't finish the chance. Dzeko comes on.,0
Grigoris KastanosSalernitana · Midfielder #20Salernitana are bringing on another striker. Botheim replaces Kastanos.,0
Tonny VilhenaSalernitana · Midfielder #10Vilhena has been at the heart of Salernitana's midfield and is now coming off. Bohinen is on for the final 11 minutes.,0
Robin GosensInter · Midfielder #8Gosens, who has scored the only goal of the game so far, has started to tire on the left and is now coming off. Dimarco comes on in his place.,0
Caviglia goes into the book after standing on Martinez when turning with the ball.,2
Kristjan AsllaniInter · Midfielder #14Asllani has taken every free-kick and corner for Inter, but is now coming off. Gagliardini takes his place.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Straight swap in Inter's midfeild. Barella, who hit the post in the second half, is replaced by Brozovic.,0
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #11Correa was a constant threat in the first 45 minutes but has been quiet in the second. Martinez replaces him up front.,0
Lorenzo PirolaSalernitana · Defender #98Salernitana make a switch at centre-back. Pirola is given a rest with former Watford defender Troost-Ekong now on.,0
Dylan BronnSalernitana · Midfielder #2Salernitana are behind and have decided to make their first change of the game. Dia is on for Bronn. Kastanos is now further back with Dia in the attack.,0
Salernitana recieve their first yellow card of the game after Coulibaly's late tackle on Mkhitaryan. He will now miss the next game.,2
e Vrij is the first player to go into the book after a late tackle on Kastanos on the halfway line.,2
sst: R. LukakuGOALLLLL! GOSENS FINDS THE BACK OF THE NET! 1-0 INTER! What a start for Inter. Asllani chips the ball towards Lukaku who tries to flick it into the path of Correa. It goes past the Argentine but straight to Gosens who finds the top corner.,1
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Striker #11Hwang gets a standing ovation as he also makes way. Jonny is on in what is clearly a defensive switch.,0
Matheus CunhaWolves · Striker #12The hosts can make their changes as Neto wins a throw-in on the right. Silva replaces Cunha, who has led the line superbly and assisted Hwang's goal.,0
Nathan AkéMan City · Defender #6That proves to be Ake's last involvement as Grealish replaces him.,0
João GomesWolves · Midfielder #8O'Neil introduces Traore in place of the impressive Gomes, as he looks to add more energy to Wolves' midfield.,0
Asst: M. CunhaGOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLL! HWANG RESTORES WOLVES' LEAD! Incredible scenes at Molineux as Wolves go 2-1 up! Semedo breaks down the right to cross, with Ake only able to clear as far as Hwang. His shot is charged down, but it bounces to Cunha, who tees the Korean up to slam into an empty net!,1
Mateo KovačićMan City · Midfielder #8City make their second change, with Phillips replacing Kovacic in midfield as the visitors prepare to take a corner from the left.,0
Great defending from Toti, who shrugs off Alvarez inside his own area before winning a foul near the corner flag. City goalscorer Alvarez is booked for kicking the ball away.,2
ow Kovacic goes into the book for a wild lunge on Gomes. This has been a feisty affair from the first whistle.,2
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! ALVAREZ LEVELS WITH A GREAT STRIKE! Alvarez lines up the free-kick from a position just to left of the D. With Sa slightly too far to his left, the Argentina forward whips an effort into the near top corner! It's 1-1 at Molineux!,1
ow City break up the other end and win a free-kick as Bobb is fouled by Gomes on the edge of the box. Gomes avoids a booking, but Neto sees yellow for his protests.,2
Matheus NunesMan City · Midfielder #27Guardiola has made a half-time change, and a huge cheer erupts around Molineux as the home fans realise Matheus has been hooked! Bobb is on for the former Wolves midfielder, who was struggling.,0
emina chases Matheus inside the Wolves half before tripping his former midfield partner, picking up a deserved yellow card.,2
Hwang chases Sa's long kick downfield before catching Akanji with a high boot. He becomes the first Wolves player to see yellow.,2
alker receives the first yellow card of the game, having pulled Ait-Nouri back to prevent a Wolves break.,2
Reguilon refuses to give the ball back to Chelsea for a restart and is booked, the third such United booking in that fashion.,2
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #17Garnacho has been one of United's standout performers, with eight attempts and three chances created, but he is sacrificed for the experience and defensive nous of Evans in the closing stages.,0
Rasmus HøjlundMan United · Striker #11The wait for Hojlund's first Premier League goal goes on as Rashford, dropped for this match, is called from the bench.,0
Sterling attempts to get away from Dalot midway into the United half but cannot, at least winning a free-kick and a yellow card for the full-back.,2
Mykhailo MudrykChelsea · Midfielder #10Chelsea are going to go with two up front, it seems, as Broja replaces wide man Mudryk.,0
Asst: A. GarnachoGOOAAALLLL!!! McTominay again! It is 2-1 to United! Garnacho swings over a cross to the far post, and there is an overload, three United players running in unchecked. McTominay heads high into the net.,1
Marc CucurellaChelsea · Defender #3Chelsea have their own defensive switch as James replaces Cucurella, who was surprisingly preferred at right-back.,0
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2United make a change at the break, with Lindelof replaced by Reguilon, who will play at left-back with Shaw moving inside.,0
Asst: M. MudrykGOOAAALLLL!!! Palmer! Brilliant! Chelsea are back on level terms after a wonderful, precise Palmer finish. He delays and delays and delays as he runs across the penalty area, eventually aiming a pinpoint effort into the far bottom-right corner. Onana is scrambling and cannot get there. It is 1-1 at Old Trafford!,1
Garnacho becomes the second United player to foolishly go into the book. He thinks he is fouled by Cucurella and responds by tugging back his opponent. When the free-kick goes Chelsea's way, Garnacho stops himself from kicking the ball away, only to instead throw it angrily into the ground and earn a booking.,2
GOOAAALLLL!!! United have a deserved 1-0 lead! McTominay slams into the net after Maguire's shot is blocked in the box. Chelsea are never able to clear following a United corner, and the pressure finally tells.,1
The first card goes to Shaw, who kicks the ball away, prompting appeals from Chelsea players and eventually a yellow.,2
sst: T. WernerALONSO SCORES! Werner's run drew the defenders towards him, opening up space in the middle and Alonso made a late run into the box. He hit the German's cross first time, lifting his shot over Ederson and into the back of the net. 2-1 Chelsea! ,1
esus slid in to try and nick the ball off Pulisic, but he completely missed the ball and took the American's legs out from under him and it earns him a yellow card.,2
Benjamin MendyMan City · Midfielder #22The final change for City sees Benjamin Mendy making way for Zinchenko.,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Final change for Chelsea now and it's the goal scorer, Ziyech, that's making way for Hudson-Odoi.,0
Ferran TorresMan City · Midfielder #21Torres is also being taken off, with Gundogan on in his place.,0
Sergio AgüeroMan City · Striker #10Guardiola is making a double change now and Aguero is the first to make way, with Foden replacing him.,0
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7Chelsea are making their second change of the game and it's Kante that's going off for Jorginho.,0
Asst: C. AzpilicuetaZIYECH EQUALISES! It was good build-up play from Chelsea to open up some space and Ziyech hovered on the edge of the box to get it back from Azpilicueta. He takes a touch to set himself before drilling a low shot into the bottom corner and Ederson couldn't reach it. 1-1! ,1
Andreas ChristensenChelsea · Defender #4Christensen stayed down after failing to make the clearance before the goal and he's had to go off with what looks like a knee injury. Zouma is on in his place.,0
sst: S. AgüeroSTERLING SCORES! Christensen tries to clear his lines on the stretch but is just nudged off the ball by Jesus on the edge of the box. Aguero can't control it, but Sterling is following it in and sends his shot past Edouard Mendy and into the back of the net. 1-0 City! ,1
ante nicks the ball off Sterling to tee up Werner and the City captain tries to get back to make up for it. He slides in late and brings him down just outside the box to get the first booking of the game.,2
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Midfielder #20Niguez enters the action for the visitors to replace Hudson-Odoi.,0
Sean LongstaffNewcastle · Midfielder #36Shelvey replaces Longstaff for the closing stages of the game.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! JORGINHO CONVERTS!!! 3-0 CHELSEA! There's no sentiment with the Blues even with James on a hat-trick Jorginho takes the spot-kick to ensure they all but wrap up the three points. He takes his traditional stutter-step before firing high into the middle of the net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! JAMES NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!!! The Blues score a vital second goal to take control of the contest as James blasts home an effort on the half-volley. Havertz and Barkley combine on a break upfield before Loftus-Cheek arrives in support with James. The full-back offloads to Loftus-Cheek, who sees his strike blocked. However, the rebound falls to James to hammer on his left foot into the middle of the net.,1
Isaac HaydenNewcastle · Midfielder #14Hayden is withdrawn from the action and is replaced by Almiron. Newcastle need impetus from the midfielder.,0
Ryan FraserNewcastle · Midfielder #21Fraser makes way for Willock in the Newcastle midfield.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JAMES BLASTS CHELSEA AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The Blues take the lead as James is afforded space and time to fire into the top-left corner. Hudson-Odoi is the architect as he surges down the left flank and digs out a cross into the middle. It is deflected to an unmarked James in the right-inside channel, who shifts the ball back on to his left foot before rifling past Darlow.,1
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Barkley enters the action for the Blues to replace Ziyech.,0
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7Kante is withdrawn by the visitors and is replaced by Loftus-Cheek.,0
Ziyech chops down Saint-Maximin on a run and goes into the book.,2
ascelles stops Havertz on a break and goes into the book for his lunge.,2
ante brings down Fraser on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Hayden comes in hard on Christensen and goes into the book for his challenge.,2
ot even on the pitch today, Newcastle's Lascelles is booked in a fractious conclusion to the game - for trying to stop Chelsea resuming play by the touchline.,2
For the last in a number of aggressive challenges in the closing stages, Longstaff receives a yellow card.,2
Punished for a blatant attempt at time-wasting, Pope finds himself booked.,2
Left exposed against Almiron again, Koulibaly catches the Newcastle forward with a sliding challenge and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Sven BotmanNewcastle · Defender #4Due to injury, Botman limps off and Targett comes into Newcastle's back four. Burn is therefore likely to move inside to centre-back.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Receiving applause for his goalscoring contribution today, Willock is withdrawn late on; Murphy is his replacement.,0
Chris WoodNewcastle · Striker #20Howe swaps strikers for the game's final few minutes, as Wood makes way for the rapturously received Wilson.,0
Armando BrojaChelsea · Striker #18A lonely shift up front comes to an early end for Broja, as Havertzis thrown on for the closing stages.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Potter goes for broke, using his remaining substitutions. First, Mount makes way for Ziyech.,0
Asst: M. AlmirónNEWCASTLE LEAD! Finally, the deadlock is broken! After Almiron escapes from the clutches of Koulibaly on the right side of the area, the ball falls into the path of an on-rushing Willock. Without taking a touch, the midfielder places a perfect finish into the bottom-right corner, past the well-beaten Mendy! It's 1-0 to the Toon!,1
aving taken down the fast-escaping Pulisic in the centre-circle, Trippier receives a merited yellow card.,2
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Defender #28Chelsea have made another switch at the interval - their second of the game - with Azpilicueta making way for the more attacking option of Pulisic.,0
or tugging back Guimaraes in midfield, Jorginho's attempt at halting a counter-attack is punished by a booking.,2
Ruben Loftus-CheekChelsea · Midfielder #12Unable to continue due to a probable muscular injury, Loftus-Cheek is replaced by Thiago Silva.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9That miss is Calvert-Lewin's last involvement tonight as he is replaced by Coleman.,0
James RodríguezEverton · Striker #19Ancelotti freshens up his attack as he replaces Rodriguez with Sigurdsson.,0
Mason HolgateEverton · Defender #4Ancelotti makes an attacking change as Iwobi comes on to replace Holgate. That change should see Digne return to his usual left-back slot.,0
Jonny EvansLeicester City · Defender #6Evans looks to be carrying an injury and he is now replaced by Soyuncu for the final 10 minutes.,0
Marc AlbrightonLeicester City · Midfielder #11Rodgers appears to be going for the win as he takes off the hard-working Albrighton, and sends on Under.,0
sst: H. BarnesGOAAAALLLLL - EVERTON 1-1 LEICESTER - The pressure on the Everton goal is too much and Leicester grab a deserved equaliser. Pickford will be unhappy with his part in the goal after mistiming his punch which eventually led to the Leicester attack. Leicester recovered the ball and Barnes was on hand to tee up Tielemans. The Belgian's shot came through a crowd of bodies, but it was still down Pickford's throat, and all he could do was palm into the bottom corner. ,1
After clattering into Maddison, Rodriguez earns himself a yellow card and leaves him in a heap outside the Everton box.,2
ustin is the first player to be booked after clipping Richarlison from behind on the halfway line.,2
Wilfred NdidiLeicester City · Midfielder #25Ndidi is unable to continue, and Rodgers is forced into an early change as Mendy takes his place.,0
GOAAAALLLLL - EVERTON 1-0 LEICESTER - Rodriguez fires Everton into the lead with a stunning strike from the edge of the box. The Colombian had initially tried to cross to Calvert-Lewin, only to see his pass blocked by Fofana. However, the clearance fell straight back to Rodriguez, and after turning onto his right foot, he has drilled the ball into the far corner past a stranded Schmeichel in the Leicester goal. ,1
Lisandro MartínezMan United · Defender #6Lindelof is also introduced with Martinez making way.,0
Aaron Wan-BissakaMan United · Defender #29The visitors make a double-change. The first sees Dalot replace Wan-Bissaka.,0
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #8United also turn to the bench again with Elanga replacing Fernandes.,0
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Fred is also given a breather with Sabitzer taking his place.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10United also make two changes. The first sees Rashford replaced by Sancho.,0
Aitor RuibalReal Betis · Midfielder #24A double-change by Betis. The first sees Canales replace Ruibal.,0
Ayoze PérezReal Betis · Striker #21Jose is also introduced with Perez making way.,0
Asst: CasemiroRASHFORD!!! WHAT A GOAL! 1-0 on the day, 5-1 on aggregate! Rashford makes up for that earlier miss in some style. Receiving the ball from Casemiro, he unleashes a fierce 25-yard drive that flashes into the bottom corner. That should kill off the tie.,1
Following a collision with Gonzalez, Pellestri receives the first yellow card of the contest. Although, the United winger can consider himself extremely unfortunate.,2
Abner ViníciusReal Betis · Defender #20Vinicius cannot continue after an earlier knock. He is replaced by Miranda.,0
Asst: P. MazzocchiKVARA-DONA SAVES NAPOLI! Kvaratskhelia pulls a moment of magic out of the bag to put the Serie A champions 2-1 up late on! He picks the ball up from Mazzocchi on the left, then moves menacingly towards the edge of the area, before unleashing an unstoppable shot into the top-right corner! Even the excellent Montipo had no chance!,1
Diego CoppolaVerona · Defender #42Baroni introduces more fresh legs, as goalscorer Coppola makes way for Magnani.,0
Giovanni SimeoneNapoli · Striker #18Raspadori is also introduced; Simeone is the man withdrawn.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Napoli also make late changes: first, Lobotka is replaced by Aston Villa loanee Dendoncker in midfield.,0
Tomáš SuslovVerona · Midfielder #31Dani Silva is also sent on for the closing stages, as Suslov traipses off the pitch.,0
Darko LazovićVerona · Midfielder #8Verona captain Lazovic makes way, as Vinagre comes on for his club debut.,0
As Verona look to break forward, Lobotka commits a clear shoulder-barge on Lazovic and is shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: T. SuslovNAPOLI TRAIL 1-0! Having taken more risks during this second half, Verona are finally rewarded! The Gialloblu take the lead at Stadio Maradona, as Coppola rises highest to steer home a close-range header from Suslov's left-wing free-kick! Again, the champions are caught flat-footed from a set-piece, and they are heading for another home defeat!,1
Having been dispossessed inside his own half, Lindstrom then decides to haul Duda back by the arm. That results in an automatic yellow card for the substitute.,2
Jens CajusteNapoli · Midfielder #24Napoli's third substitution sees Cajuste replaced by ex-Verona forward Ngonge - can he score against his former club?,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Mazzarri now responds with his second substitution of the game: Lindstrom comes on for fellow winger Politano.,0
Tijjani NoslinVerona · Striker #17Baroni makes his first change, as Noslin is replaced by another recent signing, Swiderski.,0
Mazzocchi makes an immediate impact, as the substitute slips by Suslov on the left touchline and draws a foul. Suslov sees yellow, and Napoli have a free-kick.,2
Mário RuiNapoli · Defender #6Shortly after being booked, Mario Rui is withdrawn by Mazzarri, who can't be happy with how Napoli have started this half. Mazzocchi - who was red-carded on his club debut last month - will replace the Portuguese left-back.,0
 rugged tackle on Suslov earns Mario Rui a merited booking, just seconds after the re-start.,2
After just catching Cajuste in a 50-50 midfield challenge, Coppola is perhaps harshly shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Vicario is the first player to be shown a yellow card this second half.,2
João PalhinhaFulham · Midfielder #26Fulham, too, make a change as Palhinha comes off for Cairney in midfield.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7And now Son, the home side's other scorer, heads to the bench as Lo Celso comes on in his place.,0
James MaddisonTottenham · Midfielder #10Spurs' second goalscorer, Maddison, also makes way with new signing Veliz introduced to the action.,0
RicharlisonTottenham · Midfielder #9Some more late changes for Spurs as Richarlison makes way for Johnson in the forward line.,0
Saša LukićFulham · Midfielder #28Another change for the visitors as Lukic is replaced by Reed in central midfield.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14Fulham also make another change as Wilson comes on for De Cordova-Reid.,0
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29Sarr will make way for Spurs as Skipp comes on to replace him in central midfield.,0
Destiny UdogieTottenham · Defender #38A change after the goal for Spurs as Udogie makes way for Emerson at left-back.,0
Asst: H. SonGOOOOAAAALLL!! TOTTENHAM HAVE A SECOND! 2-0! A Fulham mistake is punished again as Maddison doubles the home side's lead. Bassey again gives away the ball cheaply in the right corner as Hojbjerg makes the interception. The loose ball falls to Son, who slides through Maddison and the Englishman makes no mistake, calmly finishing past Leno to give Spurs a two-goal advantage.,1
Carlos ViníciusFulham · Striker #30A double change from Fulham at the break as Vinicius makes way for Jimenez up top.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18In central midfield, Iwobi comes on to replace Pereira.,0
sst: RicharlisonGOOOALLL!! TOTTENHAM LEAD! 1-0! Spurs have the breakthrough and it's the captain, Son, with the goal. Fulham lose the ball cheaply in defence and it's Richarlison who capitalises on the loose ball. He finds Son, who shifts the ball inside onto his right foot before unleashing a vicious curling effort into the top corner from the edge of the box.,1
he first booking is shown to Hojbjerg after a mistimed tackle on Willian.,2
Lennon catches Dallas with a late challenge and picks up a yellow card.,2
AMFORD SCORES! Raphinha's cross is blocked by Mee, but he only gets it as far as Shackleton, who fizzes a dangerous ball back into the six-yard box. It was heading wide until Bamford stuck out a leg and turned it in from very close range. 1-1! ,1
It looks like Struijk just slips as he goes to tackle Vydra, but the ball is long gone and he brings the player down which results in a yellow card.,2
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Burnley are making their second change now, with Vydra coming on in place of Barnes.,0
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Midfielder #19Second change for Leeds now as Roberts comes on to replace Rodrigo.,0
Diego LlorenteLeeds United · Defender #14Leeds are making a change now as well with Llorente going off for Shackleton.,0
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Burnley are making the first change of the game as Gudmundsson makes way for Lennon.,0
sst: M. LowtonWOOD SCORES! Leeds just don't get their lines clear and Burnley recycle it with Westwood swinging another cross into the box. Lowton drills a low shot on goal but Wood is standing just in front of Meslier and taps it in from close range. 1-0 Burnley!,1
Rodrigo clips the back of Taylor's heels in his attempts to stop his run and has his name taken by the referee.,2
ee slid in late and caught Bamford with his studs in an attempt to stop his run and is shown a yellow card.,2
Phillips has made a couple of fouls now and he's just stepped across Barnes, getting nowhere near the ball. He picks up a yellow card.,2
It was a rash challenge from Barnes as he lunged in with a high foot on Dallas as they both went for the bouncing ball. They both gingerly get back to their feet and the forward is booked.,2
aphinha flicks the ball onto Bamford and Brownhill lunges in to stop him from reaching it. He brings the forward down and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2
Fabian SchärNewcastle · Defender #5Schar is replaced by Krafth in the closing stages of the game. Newcastle now have three right-backs on the pitch.,0
Yedlin goes into the book for simulation after going to ground under virtually no contact from Lingard.,2
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9There will be no hat-trick for Martial tonight as he comes off for Mata, allowing Greenwood to move into his preferred central striking berth.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford also goes off, with Lingard replacing him on the left wing.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Almiron is off for a right-back in Yedlin as Bruce looks to limit the damage in the last half an hour or so.,0
Dwight GayleNewcastle · Striker #12Gayle is off for Atsu as Bruce looks to freshen up his forward line.,0
OAL!! MARTIAL IS GIFTED A SECOND! A woeful back-pass from Sean Longstaff under pressure turns into a perfect throughball for Martial, who races clean through on goal before dinking the ball over the diving Dubravka! It's 4-1 to Manchester United!,1
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39McTominay is withdrawn at half-time, possibly as a precaution after his early injury. Pogba comes on to take his place in midfield.,0
Asst: A. Wan-BissakaGOAL!! RASHFORD MAKES IT 3-1! Wan-Bissaka beats Willems with a change of pace and stands a cross up at the back post where Rashford rises highest to thump a header into the corner! ,1
char is booked for a poor challenge on Rashford just on the edge of the box. It's a dangerous position for the set-piece.,2
GOAL!! WHAT A HIT BY GREENWOOD!! What a goal from the youngster! A sloppy pass from Schar under pressure goes straight to Greenwood on the right. He drifts inside before unleashing a fearsome strike with his left that cannons in off the underside of the crossbar! It's 2-1 to Manchester United now!,1
Pereira leaves his studs in as he goes into a sliding challenge on Schar and earns himself a yellow card.,2
sst: A. PereiraGOAL!! UNITED ARE LEVEL! Shaw advances down the left and cuts the ball into Pereira in the box. The midfielder sets the ball for Martial to strike with his first touch, and the ball squirms into the back of the net despite Dubravka getting a hand to it in the bottom-left corner! The goalkeeper will feel he should have done better there.,1
Asst: JoelintonGOAL!! NEWCASTLE LEAD AT OLD TRAFFORD! Matty Longstaff dinks the ball over the top for Joelinton, but the striker has Maguire for company and plays it back to the midfielder just inside the area in a central position. He takes a touch and then drills a low effort through Maguire's legs and into the bottom-left corner! It's 1-0 to Newcastle!,1
McTominay picks up what must be one of the quickest bookings in history as he catches Sean Longstaff with his studs inside the opening 30 seconds.,2
E'S OFF!!! Busquets loses out to Falcao on the edge of the Barca box, and catches the Rayo striker with an elbow and is shown a second yellow card!!! In what's been a massively frustrating match for Barca, things get even worse as their captain heads down the tunnel!,3
imitrievski takes an age to take the resultant free-kick, and after plenty of time has passed, he's shown a yellow card by the referee for time wasting!,2
Barca flood forward in numbers, with Lewandowski leading the charge, but he's pulled back by Ciss in the most tactical of tactical fouls, and the Rayo midfielder is penalised and booked.,2
Óscar TrejoRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #8Rayo captain Trejo comes off, and is replaced by Jose Angel Pozo.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Alba is the next off for Barca, and in his place are attacking reinforcements in the form of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.,0
Isi PalazónRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #7Palazon is down in the Barca box having picked up a muscle injury, and Salvi Sanchez will come on in the Rayo winger's place.,0
usquets is all over Trejo as the Rayo captain looks to advance over halfway, and his pulling back of the Argentinian sees him booked by the referee.,2
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8Barca make another change, with Pedri coming off for Franck Kessie to make his debut for the Blaugrana.,0
usquets is again in the thick of things, being caught late by Falcao and winning a free-kick in a good position for Barca. Falcao is booked for the foul.,2
Unai LópezRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #17Lopez also comes off, with Oscar Valentin replacing him in midfield.,0
Sergio CamelloRayo Vallecano · Striker #34Rayo also make some alterations, with Camello replaced by one Radamel Falcao up front for the visitors.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Raphinha's threatened significantly in his first Barcelona outing, but he's withdrawn now for Ansu Fati.,0
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Christensen's debut comes to an end, replaced in defence by Sergi Roberto.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Xavi rings the changes for Barca, the first of which sees Gavi come off for Frenkie de Jong.,0
Lewandowski steals the ball off Lejeune and looks to race down the left wing, but Lejeune pulls him back by his shirt, and is penalised and yellow carded by the referee!,2
atena catches Lewandowski late and shoves the Barca forward to the ground, warranting a free-kick and yellow card from the referee.,2
edri looks to turn and spark a Barcelona break, but Trejo's all over him and brings him down cynically to say the least. The Rayo captain is shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2
embele barges into Ciss and up-ends the Rayo midfielder inside his own box, with the unnecessary challenge warranting a yellow card from the referee.,2
Wout WeghorstWolfsburg · Striker #9Weghorst comes off for Gerhardt after being booked.,0
Penalty GoalAnd Rakitic converts to make it 1-1 from the penalty spot! He sends the keeper Casteels the wrong way and hammers it into the bottom left to level for his side.,1
eghorst is booked for his protests about the penalty incident.,2
Guilavogui sees a second yellow for the challenge leading to the penalty after he was previously booked.,3
ekik is booked after bringing down Arnold in the middle of the pitch.,2
Guilavogui is booked for persistent fouling after being penalised for numerous fouls over the last 10 minutes. This time it's for a trip on Romero.,2
Lucas OcamposSevilla · Midfielder #5Ocampos makes way for El Haddadi for the visitors.,0
Rafa MirSevilla · Striker #12Rakitic is sent on for Mir as the visitors try and get back into this game.,0
And it's 1-0 to Wolfsburg! It's Steffen who converts after Lukebakio's cross causes havoc in the defence, allowing the Swiss winger to prod it in after the ball fell to him.,1
Marcos AcuñaSevilla · Defender #19Lopetegui blinks first and sends Rekik on for Acuna.,0
Mir is booked for a foul on Steffen as the Swiss winger chested the ball past him.,2
uso goes in the book for cynically bringing down Roussillon as the French defender dribbled past him.,2
Steffen is booked after he catches Acuna with an elbow while trying to win a header. There didn't seem to be any intent but we've seen red cards in the past for incidents like that.,2
t'll be an early free-kick to Sevilla after Ocampos is brought down by Lacroix. The French defender is booked for the challenge.,2
Leonardo BonucciJuventus · Defender #19Demiral makes his way on to the pitch to replace Bonucci for the closing stages.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22Chiesa is withdrawn by the home side and is replaced Bernardeschi.,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Morata is withdrawn for Kulusevski in the final third.,0
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #14Cuadrado comes on to the field to replace McKennie on the left flank.,0
Bryan CristanteRoma · Midfielder #4Perez is on for Cristante to bolster Roma's attacking options.,0
Borja MayoralRoma · Striker #21Dzeko replaces Mayoral for the visitors, which should give Roma a target to hit in the box.,0
onaldo goes down too easily in a challenge with Mancini and protests to the referee for a free-kick. He takes his appeal too far and is booked.,2
Kumbulla pulls back Morata attempting to push forward and goes into the book.,2
khitaryan runs at the Juve defence, but he gets caught from behind by Arthur. The Brazilian goes into the book for his challenge.,2
sst: A. MorataGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RONALDO PLACES A STRIKE PAST LOPEZ!!! 1-0 JUVENTUS!!!! Out of nowhere the home side take the lead. Alex Sandro works a pass to Morata, who feeds Ronaldo on the edge of the box. The forward has a strike to nothing on his left boot and he places his effort expertly into the bottom-right corner. Precision finishing from the Portuguese.,1
t is positively raining yellow cards at Turf Moor all of a sudden. Gudmunds­son trims down Bowen on the break and the Burnley man is flashed a booking.,2
Now Craig Dawson is flashed a yellow card for taking his time to restart, as he tries to eat up the remaining time on the clock.,2
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9Ashley Barnes is the final new face for Burnley, and he replaces Wood.,0
ee comes in with all the grace of a blind donkey on Lingard and the two tumble to the ground. There doesn't look to be any serious weight in the challenge, but it will be a yellow card regardless.,2
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #9West Ham make their first swap now and it is Benrahma who gives way to Jarrod Bowen.,0
Dwight McNeilBurnley · Midfielder #11Johann Berg Gudmunds­son has arrived for Burnley now in their second change, with McNeil making way for him.,0
Matěj VydraBurnley · Striker #27Burnley make the first change of the game now and it is Jay Rodriguez who has taken to the field, replacing a less-than-impressed Vydra.,0
Asst: S. BenrahmaGOAL! MICHAIL ANTONIO BAGS A SECOND FOR WEST HAM! 2-1! It's off the foot of the striker, the slightest of touches as he runs towards the goal to meet a cross from Benrahma. He almost doesn't expect it - two Burnley plays miss with diving headers to clear - and he rustles it past Pope. The Hammers hit the front!,1
Asst: V. CoufalGOAL! MICHAIL ANTONIO IMMEDIATELY LEVELS FOR WEST HAM! 1-1! Burnley will be furious with the switch-off at the back there. The striker is allowed to roam free into the box, left relatively unmarked, and he rises above everyone to glance a fine header past Nick Pope, who gets his angles wrong, from a Coufal cross. We're back on equal footing.,1
enalty GoalGOAL! CHRIS WOOD CONVERTS FROM THE PENALTY SPOT FOR BURNLEY! 1-0! It's a rocket of a shot, buried in at the bottom of the left post. Fabianski goes the right way but he doesn't get enough of a touch to stop it. First blood to Burnley.,1
Karim OnisiwoMainz · Midfielder #21Mainz make their third and final change, with Onisiwo leaving the field and being replaced by St. Juste.,0
Asst: T. MüllerGOAL! Davies adds Bayern's sixth of the afternoon! Kimmich plays it over the top to Muller, who controls and turns his body to the left before sending it across goal to Davies, who taps home into an empty net. 6-1!,1
Thiago AlcântaraBayern · Midfielder #6Thiago's afternoon is over, and he is replaced by Cuisance.,0
sst: T. MüllerGOAL! Lewandowski has his say on the match and Bayern make it 5-1! Muller finds space down the right flank and crosses into the Polish international, who controls well and turns his body to the left before firing a shot past the keeper into the bottom corner.,1
Kunde goes into the book for a poor challenge on his opponent, who was getting forward well.,2
nother unnecessary challenge from Bayern and this time it's Thiago who receives a yellow card for colliding with Szalai.,2
Hernandez goes into the book for Bayern for a challenge in which he stepped on the ankle of an opponent and Mainz have a free-kick on the edge of the area.,2
Philippe CoutinhoBayern · Midfielder #10Bayern's second change of the tie sees Coutinho replaced by Muller.,0
Ivan PerišićBayern · Midfielder #14Bayern make their first substitution of the game, with Perisic, who has a goal and an assist to his name this afternoon, making way for Davies.,0
Asst: J. KimmichGOAL! And there it is! Coman scores Bayern's fourth of the afternoon! Kimmich sends a corner into the box and Coman - who beats Martin and Onisiwo to the ball - meets it just after it bounces, meaning his shot is low and Muller has no chance to save it from only a few yards out. 4-1!,1
Jonathan BurkardtMainz · Striker #29Mainz make their second change of the afternoon, with Szalai coming on for his debut and replacing Burkardt up top. It's an attacking change for Mainz and it could signal a change of game plan.,0
Asst: B. PavardGOAL! Perisic makes it 3-1 to Bayern! Coman finds Pavard on the right flank and the full-back teases a deep cross towards the back post. Perisic is there and he leaps high to get his head on it, with his effort being palmed onto the bar by Muller. The shot hits the underside of the bar, though, and goes in. 3-1!,1
Danny LatzaMainz · Midfielder #6Mainz make a change at half-time, with Latza coming on for Kunde.,0
GOAL! Alaba takes the free-kick and it is a fantastic effort, curling perfectly into the top corner! The ball rises over the wall and dips again, with Muller unable to get anywhere near it. 2-1! ,1
Hack is the second Mainz player to receive a yellow card. Lewandowski races away with the ball after Mainz lose it and in an attempt to get back and recover, Hack makes a mess of the challenge and gives away a free-kick in a very dangerous position on the edge of the area.,2
sst: I. PerišićGOAL! Bayern have their equaliser and it comes from Pavard! Perisic finds himself in space down the left again and he lofts a cross over a bunch of players into the box. Pavard does not rise like the others do, meaning he is there when those nearby miss it to let it bounce and hit it on the half volley from about 10 yards out. Pavard's shot rises up off the ground which does for Muller, who cannot stop the ball going into the back of the net. 1-1!,1
Niakhate is next to be carded for a challenge on Lewandowski on the edge of the area.,2
Kimmich is the first man to go into referee Markus Schmidt's book this afternoon after sliding in and catching Burkardt.,2
sst: R. Pierre-GabrielGOAL! Wow! Mainz take a surprise lead here at the Allianz Arena! It's a fantastic goal and the move is all started by Pierre-Gabriel, who paces down the right-hand flank and whips a cross into the box. Boetius runs onto it from behind Pavard, who is totally unaware of his opponent's presence, and the striker powers a header past Neuer, who was a spectator! 1-0!,1
Scanlon is a little late with his challenge on Rodriguez, and he picks up a yellow card.,2
Lazare AmaniUnion Saint-Gilloise · Midfielder #8Union's final change sees Amani taken off for Eckert.,0
Mohamed AmouraUnion Saint-Gilloise · Striker #47Amoura's game is going to come to an end here as he makes his way off with the physio. Rasmussen comes on to replace him for the last few minutes.,0
Gustaf NilssonUnion Saint-Gilloise · Striker #29Union are making their first change of the game now. Nilsson, who set up their opening goal, is taken off and replaced by Rodriguez.,0
Kaide GordonLiverpool · Striker #49Liverpool's final change sees another youngster getting a chance off the bench. McConnell comes on in place of Gordon.,0
Ben DoakLiverpool · Striker #50And Doak is also making way, with a goal threat coming on in Nunez.,0
Luke ChambersLiverpool · Defender #44While the VAR check is ongoing, Liverpool are going to make another double change. Chambers is the first to go off, with another youngster in Scanlon coming on.,0
Sadiki can't catch up to Doak so he tugs at his shoulder. He picks up a booking that will see him miss Union's next game in Europe, whichever competition that's in.,2
Wataru EndōLiverpool · Midfielder #3Klopp is making a double change at the start of the second half, introducing a couple more experienced players. Endo is the first to go off, with Gravenberch on for him.,0
Ibrahima KonatéLiverpool · Defender #5And Gomez comes on to take the captain's armband as he replaces Konate.,0
Asst: M. AmouraPUERTAS SCORES! Union are back in front just minutes after Liverpool's equaliser! It's another sloppy loss of possession by the Reds, and before they know it, it's in the back of the net. Amoura is hugging the touchline and squares a pacy low cross into the box. Puertas runs onto it, firing it past Kelleher with his first touch. He's deserved that goal. 2-1 Union!,1
Asst: C. JonesQUANSAH EQUALISES! Out of nowhere, Liverpool are back on level terms! Jones swings a good corner into the box and it's brought down by Quansah just inside the box. He controls it with a lovely first touch before rifling it past Moris to score his first goal for the club with the Reds' first shot in the game. 1-1!,1
Asst: G. NilssonAMOURA SCORES! Jones is caught in possession, and Nilsson comes away with the ball, sliding it down the right for Amoura to chase. He races through Liverpool's half and into the box, taking it around Kelleher, who did get a hand to it. The keeper can't keep hold of it, and the Algerian slots it into the empty net. VAR has a check to see if he was offside, but they spot nothing wrong and the goal counts! 1-0 Union!,1
Bradley crashes into Machida in an attempt to win the ball back, and the referee shows him the first yellow card of the game for the challenge.,2
ennacer kicks the ball away following the awarding of a free-kick to Atalanta, which earns the Algeria international a yellow card.,2
A cynical foul from Malinovskiy on Kalulu sees the Atalanta substitute shown a yellow card - which sees him suspended for La Dea's final game of the year.,2
José Luis PalominoAtalanta · Defender #6Another change in Atalanta's defence sees Demiral on for Palomino.,0
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Florenzi comes on for the captain, with Calabria given an early rest.,0
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33Bakayoko is given a rare run-out with Krunic making way.,0
Hans HateboerAtalanta · Midfielder #33Scalvini comes on for Hateboer with just over 10 minutes remaining.,0
Asst: R. KrunicA SUBLIME GOAL FROM HERNANDEZ GIVES MILAN THE INSURANCE THEY NEEDED! 2-0! It’s an outstanding solo effort from Hernandez; a simply breathtaking run that saw him drive from well inside his own penalty area, slaloming through the midfield before taking it wide inside the opposition’s penalty area to work an angle for a shot. Musso comes off his line to try and block the full-back but it’s too late as the France international coolly tucks a shot into the far corner!,1
Matteo PessinaAtalanta · Midfielder #32Boga is on for Pessia with 20 minutes left as Gasperini continues to shuffle his pack.,0
Kessie charges through the back of Pessina immediately after the restart of the match - which sees him awarded a yellow card.,2
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8Looking to shore up the midfield, Pioli makes a change with Bennacer replacing Tonali.,0
Asst: J. MessiasMILAN FIND THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Pessina loses possession of the ball to Kalulu on the edge of Milan’s penalty area, which sparks a furious Rossoneri counter-attack. It’s lobbed over the top of the defence by Messias for Leao, who beats his man for pace before tucking the ball in between the legs of Musso!,1
Luis MurielAtalanta · Striker #9Gasperini initiates a straight swap at striker, with Muriel off for Zapata.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Messias comes on for Saelemaekers as Pioli begins to make changes to his XI.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud makes way after 55 minutes with Rebic on in his place.,0
nable to hold his tongue, Giroud is shown a yellow card for dissent in the aftermath of the unawarded penalty.,2
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22During this break in play, Vieira sends on Benteke for Edouard.,0
Ademola LookmanLeicester City · Midfielder #37Albrighton comes on to replace Lookman on the right-wing.,0
Andersen is booked after he mistimes a sliding challenge on Maddison in the middle of the pitch.,2
And we're level! Schlupp has been on the pitch for a matter of seconds but sends a header into the bottom corner as the ball bounced around in the area to make it 2-2.,1
Conor GallagherCrystal Palace · Midfielder #23Former Foxes man Schlupp comes on to replace Gallagher.,0
nd Palace have a goal back! Mitchell crosses it from the left and Olise's initial shot is blocked. The ball rebounds back to him and he fires it into the corner with a volley to make it 2-1.,1
Hamza ChoudhuryLeicester City · Midfielder #20Soumare comes on to replace Choudhury in midfield.,0
sst: H. BarnesIt's 2-0! Tielemans dinks a ball to Barnes in midfield who runs forward and then plays it to the left for Vardy in the box, before the English striker duly finishes into the near post to double his side's advantage.,1
And it's 1-0 to the Foxes! Iheanacho pounces on a heavy touch by Andersen and bears down on goal before slotting it into the bottom left corner. That is a goal completely against the run of play, but the visitors will take it.,1
Kenny TeteFulham · Defender #2Cedric comes on for Tete to see out the result for the home side.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Pereira makes way for Lukic for the home side for the closing stages.,0
Asst: A. PereiraGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! SOLOMON SURELY SECURES THE GAME FOR FULHAM!!!!!! 2-0!!!! Solomon holds his composure to notch Fulham's second following a quick breakaway. Wilson is taken out by Lodi on the right flank as he lays the ball off to Tete, but the referee plays on. Tete sends a cutback to Pereira, who produces a special offload to find Solomon in space. He takes a touch before burying his effort past Navas.,1
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14De Cordova-Reid has worked hard and is now withdrawn for Wilson.,0
Aleksandar MitrovićFulham · Striker #9It has not been Mitrovic's day today. He makes way for Vinicius.,0
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20Solomon replaces Willian, who has made the decisive impact on this game so far with his strike.,0
Chris WoodNottm Forest · Striker #39Wood is withdrawn by Cooper and is replaced by Ayew in the final third.,0
Orel MangalaNottm Forest · Midfielder #5Shelvey enters the action for visitors to replace Mangala in the middle of the park.,0
Gustavo ScarpaNottm Forest · Midfielder #31Dennis replaces Scarpa to add an extra forward into the mix in the final third.,0
WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WILLIAN FIRES FULHAM AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Brazilian produces a sublime left-footed finish into the top-left corner. Forest fail to clear their lines from Pereira's cross from the left flank, which is put back into a dangerous area by De Cordova-Reid. Willian collects and fakes the shot with his right foot before arrowing a left-footed peach into the back of the net even with defenders on the line.,1
Aurier catches Pereira with a tough challenge on the leg and goes into the book. The Forest defender is perhaps fortunate that he receives only a yellow card.,2
Willy BolyNottm Forest · Defender #30Worrall comes on to replace Boly in the back four. A bad start for Cooper's men.,0
Cristiano RonaldoMan United · Striker #7Rashford has replaced Ronaldo - who wasn't very happy to be taken off.,0
Casemiro has been booked for a couple of late challenges in quick succession.,2
onaldo is booked for putting the ball in the back of the net again after a mix-up with Pope.,2
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35Kiwior comes on for the final stages, with Zinchenko the man to make way.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7With the game surely won, Saka is taken off for Nelson.,0
Gross is booked for dissent. This has been a frustrating outing for the Seagulls.,2
Kai HavertzArsenal · Midfielder #29Having just put his team two goals to the good, Havertz is replaced by the returning Smith Rowe.,0
Asst: E. NketiahGOOOAAALLL!!! GAME OVER!!! Havertz surely makes the points safe with a fine finish! A sweeping Arsenal counter sees Odegaard find Nketiah. With options to his left and right, Nketiah picks the right one by sliding the ball into the path of Havertz. The Germany international strides towards goal before dinking over the goalkeeper and in to make it 2-0 to Arsenal!,1
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Trossard also enters the fray, coming on for Martinelli on the Gunners' left wing.,0
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9Arteta makes his first changes of the game. Jesus, whose goal could prove to be the winner, trudges off for Nketiah.,0
Simon AdingraBrighton · Midfielder #24Welbeck comes on to a warm reception from both sets of fans. Adingra is the man to make way.,0
Gilmour goes in the book for a crunching challenge on Jesus in midfield.,2
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14De Zerbi responds to going behind with a trio of substitutions. The first sees Lallana make way for Buonanotte.,0
Evan FergusonBrighton · Striker #28Ferguson struggled to make an impact during his time on the field, and he is replaced by Pedro up top.,0
James MilnerBrighton · Defender #6De Zerbi also brings on Igor for Milner in defence.,0
OOOAAALLL!!! JESUS PUTS ARSENAL AHEAD!!! For all of Brighton's strong defending, the manner in which they have gone behind will frustrate De Zerbi no end. Van Hecke gets up to meet Saka's inswinging corner delivery. However, he can only nod the ball on towards the back post, where an unmarked Jesus is waiting to head into the back of the net and put the Gunners 1-0 up!,1
Mitoma drags back Saka and receives a booking for his troubles. Arteta also receives a yellow card for his protestations on the sidelines.,2
hite receives the first yellow card of the contest after cynically halting the progress of Mitoma down the Brighton left as the Seagulls looked to counter.,2
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34Veltman does indeed limp off, and 18-year-old Hinshelwood is on in his place.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Striker #10Looking for some defensive stability late on in proceedings, Pioli replaces Leao with Musah with one minute left to go.,0
Asst: O. GiroudMILAN STEAL IT AT THE DEATH! 3-2! Florenzi’s outswinging corner is sent into a crowd of bodies on the penalty spot, with Giroud and Loftus-Cheek combining to get a touch in the air. The ball trickles out to the far post for Okafor, who takes it down with his chest before smashing a half-volley past Okoye!,1
A first Milan player goes into the referee’s notebook, with Hernandez shown a yellow card for arriving late and kicking the hamstring of Success.,2
Hassane KamaraUdinese · Midfielder #12Kamara is withdrawn in the aftermath of Milan's equaliser, with Zarraga set to see out the remainder of the game.,0
MILAN BUNDLE IT OVER THE LINE! 2-2! Leao fires an early cross into the penalty area for Hernandez, who manages to settle the ball ahead of the byline before pulling back a pass for Giroud. The striker takes a touch before firing a shot from close range that hits the underside of the bar and stays out, until Jovic crashes through and makes sure of the goal!,1
Ferreira is shown a yellow card for a foul on Leao right in front of the Udinese technical area.,2
Lorenzo LuccaUdinese · Striker #17The hosts freshen up the attack, with Cioffi putting extra pressure on the Milan defence by replacing Lucca with Success.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Striker #11Milan make two changes at one time, with Jovic also given a chance in Pulisic's place.,0
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2An alteration at right-back sees Florenzi take over for Calabria.,0
Looking to prevent a counter-attacking opportunity, Lucca cynically grabs the shoulder of Pulisic and drags him to the grass, forcing the referee to show his fifth yellow card of the match - all for Udinese players.,2
Tijjani ReijndersMilan · Midfielder #14Okafor comes on for Reijnders in an attacking change for Milan, as they continue to search for a way back into the game.,0
Another yellow card is shown to an Udinese player, with Walace charging aggressively through the back of Loftus-Cheek.,2
UDINESE TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! Reijnders wins the ball back from Thauvin inside Milan’s penalty area but a mistake from Hernandez allows the substitute to win it back and go through on goal before sending his blistering shot high into the roof of the net!,1
Lazar SamardžićUdinese · Midfielder #24Payero is sent into the fray for Samardzic in a double change for Udinese on the hour mark.,0
Festy EboseleUdinese · Midfielder #2A swap at wing-back for the hosts sees the booked Ebosele make way for Ehizibue.,0
Thauvin grabs the arm of Loftus-Cheek and tugs him back right under the nose of the referee and becomes the third Udinese player to be shown a yellow card in this match.,2
bosele is the second Udinese wing-back to be shown a yellow card, with the Republic of Ireland international booked for a hand in the face of Hernandez.,2
Roberto PereyraUdinese · Midfielder #37A change at the half for Udinese sees Thauvin replace Pereyra in the spot behind Lucca.,0
Kamara loses possession to Pulisic before flying into a tackle that catches the United States international on the ankle. It’s a free-kick for Milan, while the Udinese wing-back is given a yellow card.,2
Asst: L. LuccaUDINESE EQUALISE! 1-1! Lucca lays a pass off for Samardzic, who picks possession up in his stride before dancing past Kjaer and slotting a shot past a stationary Maignan!,1
sst: T. HernándezA SECOND GOAL IN THREE GAMES FOR LOFTUS-CHEEK PUTS MILAN AHEAD! 1-0! Leao takes the ball onto the touchline to open up space before playing a pass inside for the run of Hernandez. As he approaches the byline, the France international cuts a low cross back for Loftus-Cheek - using Giroud as a decoy - with the midfielder slotting home at the first time of asking!,1
Mário RuiNapoli · Defender #6Two more late changes are on the way for Napoli, with Mathias Olivera replacing Mario Rui at left-back as the clock ticks down to full-time.,0
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Kvaratskhelia also comes off late having not been quite at his electrifying best, and Alessio Zerbin enters the fray for the final few seconds.,0
Federico Di FrancescoLecce · Striker #11One last throw of the dice for Lecce, who bring off their goalscorer (in the correct net) Di Francesco, hoping for Lameck Banda to make a late impact.,0
Umtiti's arguing with the referee about something, and is eventually shown a yellow card for dissent by the man in the middle.,2
Giovanni SimeoneNapoli · Striker #18Simeone's still not been able to shake off that injury and is forced from the field of play; and just 16 minutes after coming on, the Argentine forward is replaced by Matteo Politano.,0
Assan CeesayLecce · Striker #77With Simeone down nursing an injury, Lecce make a triple substitution, the first seeing Ceesay replaced up front by Joel Voelkerling Persson.,0
Youssef MalehLecce · Midfielder #32Maleh also comes off for the hosts, and Kristoffer Askildsen will see out the game in midfield.,0
Rémi OudinLecce · Striker #28Oudin's crosses from the right have been one of Lecce's main attacking weapon, but he's withdrawn for their top scorer Gabriel Strefezza to come on late.,0
Ndombele loses out to Di Francesco, and the Lecce goalscorer darts towards the edge of the box. He's brought down from behind by the Napoli substitute, who is shown a yellow card as the hosts prepare to take the free-kick from well within shooting range.,2
Joan GonzálezLecce · Midfielder #16Gonzalez is withdrawn in Lecce's first substitution, and Thorir Helgason replaces him in midfield.,0
Hirving LozanoNapoli · Striker #11Lozano also comes off, with Tanguy Ndombele introduced to add some more solidity in the middle of the park.,0
Giacomo RaspadoriNapoli · Striker #81With an unexpected lead in the bag, Napoli make their first two changes, the first seeing Giovanni Simeone come on for Raspadori up front.,0
The Lecce corner is cleared and Lobotka bursts away on his own for Napoli. His quick break is soon halted by Gendrey though, who shoves the midfielder to the ground and is shown the game's first yellow card for the foul.,2
GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! Lecce equalise, and it's no less than they deserve!! The free-kick hangs in the box and is knocked back across the face of goal, where Ceesay's bullet header rattles the crossbar! The ball comes back out and Napoli cannot clear properly, allowing Di Francesco to turn and slot the ball beyond Meret into the bottom corner!! A fantastic finish under pressure from the Lecce winger, who draws his side level at 1-1!,1
Asst: M. KIMGOOOOAAALLL!!! Make that 13!!! A Napoli free-kick is crossed into the box and cleared, but Jae keeps the ball alive. Playing a one-two with Lozano, the South Korean floats a good ball to the near post, where Di Lorenzo powers a bullet header into the top corner to put Napoli 1-0 up! Two defenders combine, and the Partenopei captain opens the scoring!,1
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #6Gavi heads off the field as Barca try to run the clock down, as Angel Alarcon enters the fray for the last few minutes.,0
Gavi twists and turns away from Zarraga, but is pulled to the deck by his shirt and the Bilbao substitute is shown the yellow card!,2
Óscar de MarcosAthletic Club · Defender #18Bilbao captain De Marcos is withdrawn late, and Ander Capa comes on at right-back.,0
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroAthletic Club · Midfielder #7Berenguer has been Athletic's best in the middle of the park, but he comes off now for Gorka Guruzeta to provide attacking reinforcements.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20With one winger off for a full-back, Barca bring off a full-back for a winger, as Ansu Fati replaces the booked Roberto.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Barcelona make further changes, with the first seeing Raphinha replaced by Marcos Alonso.,0
Kounde is caught out on the edge of his own box and Muniain picks his pocket, but the Bilbao substitute is dragged back by Roberto, who is immediately shown a yellow card for the foul!,2
Mikel BalenziagaAthletic Club · Defender #24Balenziaga comes off in Bilbao's latest change, and Yuri Berchiche, who wasn't deemed fit enough to start from the off, slots in at left-back.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Striker #11Torres comes off in Barca's first change of the game, and Franck Kessie's introduction in midfield will likely see Gavi push forward into the left-wing role.,0
Raúl GarcíaAthletic Club · Midfielder #22Raul Garcia also comes off, with Iker Muniain slotting into the Athletic front four.,0
Mikel VesgaAthletic Club · Midfielder #6Athletic make their first changes, as Vesga is replaced in midfield by Oier Zarraga.,0
Asst: S. BusquetsGOOOOAAALLL!!! Barca open the scoring right on half-time!! Raphinha's attempted cross into the area is headed clear, but Busquets recovers it, and he finds the Brazilian in open space to lash the ball into the far corner of the net!!! There's a big question of offside with the goal not given initially, but VAR finds that the linesman flagged for the offside Torres instead. Raphinha is behind the last defender, and there's nothing wrong with the finish either, meaning it's 1-0 to Barcelona!,1
naki Williams chases another long pass which is cut out by Kounde; however the striker drags him to the floor and is shown the game's first yellow card!,2
Demirbay immediately receives a yellow card after pulling back Onyedika who was breaking away on the counter.,2
Robert AndrichLeverkusen · Midfielder #8Substitution for Leverkusen. Andrich, who is on a yellow card, is replaced by Demirbay.,0
ndrich receives a yellow card after a late challenge on Jutgla.,2
Yellow card for substitute Palacios after a late challenge on Vanaken.,2
Asst: A. S. OlsenGOAAALLL! BRUGGE SCORE! 1-0 BRUGGE! Sylla latches onto a corner, heading the ball towards goal. Hradecky claims it but carries it over the line. It's a nightmare error from the goalkeeper.,1
Sérgio OliveiraPorto · Midfielder #27It is a double substitution for the away side. Loum replaces the goalscorer, Oliveira. ,0
Jesús Manuel CoronaPorto · Midfielder #17With minutes left to play, the away side make a defensive change in bringing on Leite for Corona. ,0
Asst: F. BernardeschiGOAL! INSTANT REPLY! Juventus are not out of this yet! Following Bernardeschi’s corner from the left, Rabiot climbs highest in the centre of the box and powers a header beyond Marchesin and into the top-left corner. Is there time for another?! 3-2. ,1
GOAL! UNBELIEVABLE! Porto lead the tie! Oliveira fires the low free-kick under the wall, and, despite getting a hand to the ball, Szczesny is unable to keep it out. What a strike! 2-2. ,1
Rabiot cynically brings down Diaz and the Frenchman picks up a yellow card. ,2
Moussa MaregaPorto · Striker #11Ahead of the second half in extra-time, Marega makes way for Martinez. ,0
Minutes after coming on, Bernardeschi is shown a yellow card for a late foul in Grujic in the centre of the park. ,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22It is a double change for the Old Lady. Chiesa, who scored both of the hosts’ goals, makes way for Bernardeschi.  ,0
Arthur MeloJuventus · Midfielder #5As we approach half-time in extra-time, Pirlo brings on Kulusevski for Arthur. ,0
Oliveira is shown a yellow card for dissent after Sandro did not go into the book for that earlier foul. ,2
Diaz gets the better of Cuadrado down the left-hand side of the field, and the full-back handles the ball as he goes to ground. For that, the Colombian earns himself a yellow card. Should Juventus qualify for the next round, he will now miss the first leg of their quarter-final tie.,2
In trying to win the ball back high up the field, Chiesa catches Grujic with a late tackle and picks up a yellow card. ,2
Mateus UribePorto · Midfielder #8As we enter the closing stages of normal time, Grujic replaces Uribe for Porto. ,0
Aaron RamseyJuventus · Midfielder #8It is a double change for the Old Lady, as McKennie enters the fray in place of Ramsey. ,0
Leonardo BonucciJuventus · Defender #19As we enter the final 15 minutes of normal time, Pirlo brings on De Ligt for Bonucci. It remains 2-1 on the night.,0
Zaidu SanusiPorto · Defender #12With pressure mounting, Conceicao turns to his bench for the second time. Diaz replaces Sanusi.  ,0
Asst: J. CuadradoGOAL! Juventus have levelled the tie! Cuadrado once again drifts into a yard of space down the right-hand side of the field and steers an inviting cross towards the far post. Chiesa perfectly times his run off the shoulder, and powers a header into the top-left corner. VAR confirms the Italian was onside and the goal stands. 2-1. ,1
OtávioPorto · Midfielder #25The away side make their first change of the match, Sarr replaces Otavio. It remains 1-1. ,0
ED CARD! Taremi is sent off! After Marega was adjudged to have fouled Demiral while competing for an aerial ball, Taremi fires the ball forward after the whistle had gone. The Juventus players surround the referee, and he goes to his pocket to show the Porto striker a second yellow card.  ,3
fter the referee let the play go for that earlier Ramsey opportunity, he calls it back to hand Taremi a yellow card after he caught Chiesa with a late challenge midway inside the Porto half.,2
Asst: C. RonaldoGOAL! Juventus pull one back! Bonucci lofts a deft throughball in behind the visitors’ defence, and Ronaldo is able to bring it down. The Portuguese attacker’s cushioned touch tees it up nicely for Chiesa, who curls a right-footed effort beyond Marchesin and into the top-right corner from the left side of the box. After checking with VAR for offside against Ronaldo, the goal stands.1-1.,1
As Cuadrado looked to break, Otavio cynically fouls him and picks up the first yellow card of the match. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! Porto take the lead! Oliveira coolly slides the spot-kick into the bottom-left corner, sending Szczesny the wrong way. 1-0. ,1
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Midfielder #21Diaz got Real Madrid on their way as he opened the scoring in the first half, and comes off following an impressive performance for Nicolas Paz to see out the game.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Rodrygo comes off for Real having all-but sealed the points with that well-struck volley, and he's replaced by the latest cab off the Castilla rank, Gonzalo Garcia.,0
Lucas BoyéGranada · Striker #7Boye also comes off having lead the line with very little service throughout this game, and Antonio Puertas will come on in his place.,0
Bryan ZaragozaGranada · Midfielder #26Zaragoza has cramped up and needs to come off for the visitors, with Manchester United loanee Alvaro Carreras his replacement.,0
Gumbau chops down Vazquez as the Madrid right-back looks to set off on a break over halfway, and the Granada midfielder is shown a yellow card for the foul.,2
JoseluReal Madrid · Striker #14Dani Ceballos is on in Madrid's second change of the match, slotting in behind Rodrygo as he replaces Joselu in attack.,0
Wilson ManafáGranada · Midfielder #3Manafa has also offered little despite being moved forward out of defence, and Njegos Petrovic will come on in his place for the visitors.,0
Myrto UzuniGranada · Striker #11Granada make their first changes of the second half, with the largely anonymous Uzuni withdrawn and replaced by Shon Weissman.,0
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The Madridistas have a second!! Diaz shrugs off Miquel's challenge to cut back a Mendy throughball towards the penalty spot and Bellingham arrives to side-foot a shot goalwards. Ferreira makes a brilliant parry from close range, but is powerless to prevent Rodrygo popping up at the far post and slamming the rebound into the bottom corner! Real Madrid double their lead to make it 2-0, and it's a long way back from here for Granada.,1
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Carvajal is taken off at half-time by Carlo Ancelotti, with Lucas Vazquez replacing him at right-back.,0
Asst: T. KroosGOOOOAAAALLL!!! Los Blancos open the scoring!!! It's been coming, and Valverde passes wide to Diaz after Rodrygo's incisive run off the left. The winger links up with Kroos on the edge of the box, continuing his run to collect the German's return pass and slot the ball beyond Ferreira! A well-worked goal from the Madridistas, and a deserved one which puts them 1-0 up.,1
The Madrid protests continue, and the official responds by brandishing another yellow card, this time towards Rudiger.,2
 throw-in decision goes against Bellingham and the English starlet is far from happy. He says as much to the referee, who promptly shows him the first yellow card of the match.,2
Raúl FernándezGranada · Goalkeeper #1Substitute goalkeeper Andre Ferreira is finally ready to enter proceedings, and does so in Fernandez's place just 11 minutes into the first half.,0
it-Nouri is shown a yellow card for taking his shirt off during his goal celebration.,2
OALL!! 2-1 WOLVES! AIT-NOURI! Ait-Nouri scores a late winner for Wolves! Traore uses his pace to break into the box and he has three players to aim for. He finds Ait-Nouri, who takes a touch before firing past Pickford!,1
Costa shows his frustation at the referee after he is shown a yellow card for a sliding challenge.,2
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Doucoure comes on for Gueye as Everton's final substitute.,0
Neal MaupayEverton · Striker #20Cannon replaces Maupay in the Everton attack for the final few minutes.,0
Toti is shown a yellow card after Maupay draws a foul in a dangerous position.,2
eves receives a yellow card after a late sliding challenge on Mykolenko.,2
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Toti comes on for Moutinho as Wolves' fifth and final substitute of the game.,0
Yerry MinaEverton · Defender #13Godfrey comes onto the pitch for goalscorer Mina, who seems to have a problem with his right hamstring.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Guedes replaces the injured Podence in attack for Wolves.,0
Kilman goes into the referee's book for a high challenge on Gueye.,2
Podence receives a yellow card after a reckless challenge on Gueye.,2
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Striker #11Traore comes on for Hwang to add more pace to the Wolves attack.,0
Hugo BuenoWolves · Defender #64Ait-Nouri comes onto the pitch for Bueno at left back.,0
Dwight McNeilEverton · Striker #7Gray replaces McNeil on the left wing for Everton.,0
atterson receives the first booking of the game after kicking out at Podence near the halfway line.,2
Asst: J. MoutinhoGOALL!! 1-1 WOLVES! PODENCE! Podence equalises for Wolves after a well-worked set-piece routine! Podence takes a short corner to Neves, who chips the ball into Moutinho on the edge of the box. The midfielder spots the run of his winger and picks him out perfectly for the equaliser!,1
Asst: D. McNeilGOALL!!! 1-0 EVERTON! MINA! Mina heads Everton into the lead! Gray takes an in-swinging corner for the hosts and Mina bodies Bueno to the ground before glancing the ball past Sa.,1
sst: T. WalcottGOAL! CHELSEA 3-3 SOUTHAMPTON! Southampton equalise with seconds left! James gives away an unncessary free-kick on James. Ward-Prowse sends it in and it comes out to Walcott who scuffs a shot straight into the ground. Vestergaard gets his head onto it and it finds its way into the net!,1
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Werner's game is over. He can be pleased to have started scoring in the Premier League. Abraham replaces him up front for Chelsea for the final few minutes.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #10Chelsea make a change of their own as they attempt to see the game out. James comes on for Pulisic.,0
Oriol RomeuSouthampton · Midfielder #6Southampton go for broke with two changes. First off is Romeu who's replaced by Diallo, Southampton's new signing from Brest.,0
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Adams is next to head off for Southampton. He's worked hard here. Long replaces him.,0
omeu cynically brings down Kante as the Frenchman beats him to a loose ball. A deserved yellow card for the Spaniard is the result.,2
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Chelsea make their first substitution of the game. Mount is heading off after a solid showing. Ziyech takes his place on the right wing while Pulisic moves to his favoured position on the left.,0
Asst: T. WernerGOAL! CHELSEA 3-2 SOUTHAMPTON! Chelsea get the lead again straight away! Pulisic dribbles through the middle and feeds Werner who's making a run down the right. Werner rolls the ball across goal for Havertz who makes no mistake.,1
GOAL! CHELSEA 2-2 SOUTHAMPTON! Southampton have levelled from a two-goal deficit! Romeu knocks the ball forward for Adams to chase and Zouma makes a hash of dealing with it. Kepa trips Adams, who to his credit stays on his feet. Ings can't get his feet together to tap in from close range and Adams lashes high into the net!,1
Chilwell receives the game's first yellow card for clipping Ward-Prowse's heels from behind. The Southampton captain will take the resulting free-kick.,2
sst: C. AdamsGOAL! CHELSEA 2-1 SOUTHAMPTON! Chelsea play themselves into trouble and get punished. Adams slips a quick pass through Chelsea's centre-backs to find Ings who takes the ball past Kepa and finishes coolly.,1
GOAL! CHELSEA 2-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Werner's unshackled now. Jorginho sends a fantastic bouncing ball over the top for Werner to chase. Werner beats Vestergaard to it and cheekily dinks it over the onrushing McCarthy, allowing him to head into an empty net. That was a lovely goal.,1
Asst: B. ChilwellGOAL! CHELSEA 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Werner gets his first Premier League goal! It's a fine finish too. Chilwell passes to the striker, who turns Bednarek with a cute flick and dashes in behind. Werner skips across the penalty area with Southampton defenders bearing down on him before fizzing a low shot back past McCarthy.,1
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Final Liverpool change now, with Thiago replaced by Milner.,0
Cucho HernándezWatford · Midfielder #29The final substitution sees Hernandez replaced by Dennis.,0
João PedroWatford · Striker #10Joao Pedro also comes off and on comes King.,0
Imran LouzaWatford · Midfielder #6Here comes the triple change by the visitors, with Louza the first to depart and he has been replaced by Cleverley.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Another Liverpool substitution here, with Salah departing and on comes Mane.,0
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Liverpool make their first change of the game, with Jones the man heading off and he has been replaced by Fabinho.,0
Hernandez is the first Watford man to be booked after he drags Gomez down to the ground down the right wing.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Gomez for a challenge on Joao Pedro, pulling his shirt back as the Watford man tried to break forward.,2
Asst: J. GomezGOOOAAALLL! LIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD! Watford have just had a chance at the other end, but they didn’t take it and Liverpool have made them pay! Henderson switches the ball out to Gomez down the right wing, who whips a superb cross into the box and Jota gets ahead of his marker at the near post and beats Foster in goal. It’s 1-0!,1
he Blades look to counter-attack, and Cash makes a tactical foul to prevent them going through on goal.,2
rusty receives a yellow for an altercation in the back of the net after the goal was scored.,2
Asst: D. LuizGOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-1 ASTON VILLA EQUALISE LATE ON! Ramsey carries the ball through the middle and shifts it out wide to Luiz. The Brazilian gets it out of his feet and delivers into the penalty area, and Zaniolo rises above Foderingham who has come off his line, powering a header into the back of the net! Emery’s side finally turn their dominance into a goal!,1
Zaniolo goes into the book for dissent after the referee opted against awarding him a free-kick.,2
Cameron ArcherSheffield United · Striker #10Wilder brings on some fresh legs in attack, with the goalscorer Archer replaced by McBurnie.,0
Asst: G. HamerGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! A clever pass finds Hamer who has burst forward from midfield into the box. He turns inside the penalty area, sending McGinn to the ground, before firing a cross into the danger zone. It falls to Archer, who takes aim and smashes it home! He's scored against his former club! Wilder's side have a shock lead!,1
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Emery makes another change in attack. Zaniolo enters the fray, with Bailey taking his place on the bench.,0
Anis Ben SlimaneSheffield United · Midfielder #25Wilder looks to mix things up in attack, with McAtee coming off the bench. Slimane is the player to make way.,0
Moussa DiabyAston Villa · Midfielder #19Emery makes a change in attack, with Diaby coming off, to be replaced by Colombian striker Duran.,0
Lucas DigneAston Villa · Defender #12Villa make an alteration at left-back. Moreno comes on in a straight swap for Digne.,0
Bogle goes into the book for a strong challenge on Ramsey near the halfway line.,2
Yasser LarouciSheffield United · Midfielder #27Wilder opts to take off Larouci after his earlier yellow, with Lowe coming on in his place.,0
Andre BrooksSheffield United · Midfielder #35It's an alteration in attack from Wilder, with Hamer entering the fray with Brooks making his way to the bench.,0
Larouci now goes into the book for a foul on Bailey, with Villa having a chance from a free-kick inside the United half.,2
The Blades look to counter with Larouci, but Bailey brings him down inside the Villa half. The referee awards him the first booking of the game.,2
sst: C. WickhamGOOOAAALLL! Palace have another goal! It's 4-3, what a game! The visitors haven't given up just yet. Wickham cushions the ball down for Meyer who smashes the ball past Alisson, to make it a very interesting at the end of the game.,1
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11No hat-trick for Salah today, he is replaced by Camacho late on, who slots into the vacant right-back position.,0
Asst: A. RobertsonGOOOAAALLL! Liverpool have their fourth goal! The hosts should now have the game wrapped up, it's 4-2 with just a couple minutes of added time remaining. The Reds broke forward on the counter, with Robertson feeding the striker and he then slides the ball underneath Speroni from a tight angle.,1
E'S OFF! Milner is shown a second yellow card and then receives his marching orders after his late challenge on Zaha. The winger just gets to the ball before Milner and the right-back was already committed to the challenge, a clear foul and booking.,3
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Lallana is the man replacing Fabinho, who limps off with an injury,,0
oor challenge by Milner, he slides in on Zaha and brings the winger down before he could break into the box. The referee shows him a yellow card.,2
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18The other Palace change sees McArthur come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Meyer.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #14Palace make a double substitution, the first sees Ayew replaced by Wickham.,0
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Palace make their first change of the game in the aftermath of Liverpool's third goal, with Kouyate coming off and he has been replaced by Schlupp.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead once again, it's now 3-2! Huge mistake by Speroni and it hands Salah one of the easiest goals he will ever score in a Liverpool shirt. Milner was played in-behind and he just manages to keep the ball in, chipping the ball into the air and Speroni fails to deal with the ball, tipping it behind him and Salah races in to smash the ball into the net on the goal line. It looks like the Palace keeper tried to tip the ball over the crossbar, but he got it all wrong.,1
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Liverpool make the first substitution of the game, with Keita coming off and he has been replaced by Shaqiri.,0
sst: L. MilivojevićGOOOAAALLL! Palace equaliser, it's 2-2! The visitors have their first corner of the game after Ayew's shot is blocked. Tomkins is unmarked at the far post, he powers his header into the bottom corner. He made it look easy, but poor defending by Liverpool to allow Palace back into this game.,1
sst: N. KeïtaGOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead, it's 2-1! Firmino is given far too much time and space in the box as he is fed the ball by Keita, he has time to control the ball and then pick his spot, placing the ball in the bottom corner, with a slight deflection taking it out of the reach of Speroni.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool are back in the game just seconds after the restart, it's 1-1! Salah with the equalising goal, a real poachers goal after a long range deflected shot by Van Dijk loops up in the box and Speroni gets caught in two minds, whether to come and collect or stay on his line. In the end he gets caught in no man's land and Salah sneaks in to flick the ball past the Palace keeper, with no defenders anywhere near him.,1
Ayew is shown the first yellow card of the game after he catches Henderson late.,2
Asst: W. ZahaGOOOAAALLL! Palace lead 1-0! The goal comes against the run of play, with the visitors breaking forward on the counter-attack and they have the lead at Anfield. Zaha bursts past Milner down the right wing, gets into the box and pulls the ball back to Townsend who was sprinting into the area and he slides the ball under Alisson and into the back of the net.,1
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #8Correa replaces Griezmann, who created the Atletico goal with a good cross for Lodi to convert.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Felix is withdrawn after a good performance. Felipe comes on to shore up the Atletico defence.,0
Harry MaguireMan United · Defender #5Mata replaces Maguire for the closing stages. United have committed all of their substitutes now.,0
Herrera is booked for Atletico for a scuffle with the United players that has to be resolved by the referee.,2
Matic goes into the book for the home side after a melee with Herrera.,2
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Kondogbia replaces Koke in the Atletico midfield for the closing stages of the contest.,0
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Cavani enters the action from the bench to replace Fred. Rangnick has one last roll of the dice.,0
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #18Rangnick makes a bold call to withdraw Fernandes and replace him with Pogba. The Portuguese had been busy without operating at the peak of his powers.,0
Anthony ElangaMan United · Midfielder #36Rashford enters the action to replace Elanga, who had a couple of moments, but was not overly influential.,0
e Paul catches Ronaldo with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: A. GriezmannGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LODI HEADS ATLETICO IN FRONT!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!!!!! The Spanish side take the lead on the night and in the tie as Lodi plants a header into the back of the net at the back post. Felix makes a run into the box before offloading back to Griezmann with a neat flick. The Frenchman curls a delightful cross into the inside-left channel for Lodi to connect with and score.,1
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Another change for the visitors with Hakim Ziyech replacing Kovacic.,0
PULISIC!!! 4-1 CHELSEA! And surely, the three points are in the bag! Another lovely move by the Blues sees the American international meet James' deflected cross at the far post, before applying the finishing touch.,1
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Midfielder #20Activity on both benches. Chelsea introduce Reece James in favour of Hudson-Odoi.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Meanwhile, Andros Townsend enters the action for Palace, with Ayew making way.,0
Asst: J. SchluppBENTEKE!!! 3-1! Hope for Palace! A brilliant move from the hosts results in Benteke powerfully heading home from Schlupp's inviting cross.,1
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Chelsea also turn to the bench with N'Golo Kante replacing Jorginho.,0
Jaïro RiedewaldCrystal Palace · Midfielder #44Riedewald also makes way for the hosts, with James McCarthy coming on in his place.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #25Palace make a double-change. The first sees Eze make way for Jeffrey Schlupp.,0
Asst: M. MountZOUMA!!! 3-0 CHELSEA! The Blues have a third and Zouma gets in on the act! The centre-half climbs to meet Mount's deep free-kick and plant a firm header beyond the powerless Guaita.,1
ouyate is booked after taking out Chilwell, who was threatening to break away on the counter.,2
Asst: K. HavertzPULISIC!!! 2-0! Chelsea are flying! Following a stunning move, Havertz turns provider by cutting the ball back to Pulisic, who takes a touch before ramming a ferocious shot past the helpless Guaita.,1
Asst: C. Hudson-OdoiHAVERTZ!!! 1-0 CHELSEA! The Blues make their early pressure tell! Moments after Guaita does well to deny Pulisic from close range, he is unable to keep out Havertz. Receiving the ball in the box, the German international gets the ball onto his left foot, before neatly bending a shot into the far corner.,1
Kvaratskhelia sees yellow after committing a foul due to frustration.,2
Dawidowicz receives a yellow card for an unnecessary challenge.,2
Kevin LasagnaVerona · Striker #11Verona now make their final change of the game as Ngonge replaces Lasagna.,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Napoli make their fifth and final change of the match as Zedadka comes on for Politano.,0
Terracciano is shown a yellow card for a clumsy and needless challenge.,2
Giacomo RaspadoriNapoli · Striker #81Osimhen makes his return from injury as he replaces Raspadori.,0
Elif ElmasNapoli · Midfielder #7Lobotka comes on for Elmas in the Napoli midfield.,0
Ondrej DudaVerona · Midfielder #33Verdi replaces Duda to add more pace to a potential counter-attack.,0
Davide FaraoniVerona · Midfielder #5Terracciano comes on for Faraoni on the right side of the Verona team to help defend Kvaratskhelia.,0
Federico CeccheriniVerona · Defender #17Coppola replaces Ceccherini as Verona look to keep their energy level high.,0
Adolfo GaichVerona · Striker #38Gaich makes way for Duric in the Verona attack.,0
Hirving LozanoNapoli · Striker #11Kvaratskhelia comes on for Lozano as Napoli look to score the opener.,0
Ceccherini receives the first yellow card of the day after a foul on Politano.,2
oal! Real Madrid do get a consolation as Benzema makes it 3-1! Ceballos escapes his marker on the left before cutting the ball back towards Benzema. His first effort is saved by Ter Stegen, but he smashes the rebound into the bottom-right corner.,1
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8Pedri is also going off, with the scorer of Barcelona's third goal replaced by Sergi Roberto.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Gavi gets a standing ovation as he exits the field, with Fati on in his place as we head towards stoppage time.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21De Jong is replaced by Kessie after a masterful midfield showing.,0
Ronald AraújoBarcelona · Defender #4Garcia will also enter the action for Barcelona, replacing Araujo.,0
Valverde is shown a yellow card as he goes through the back of De Jong in midfield. Real Madrid have not laid a glove on the Netherlands international in this game.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Midfielder #7Raphinha – who has been linked with a move to Arsenal in recent days – is the first player introduced by Xavi. He replaces Dembele, who has been a constant threat.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Asensio replaces Kroos as Ancelotti rings the changes. It's almost certainly too little, too late for Real Madrid.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Nacho is also on for Carvajal, who has endured a torrid outing at right-back.,0
OAAAAAAL! 3-0 TO BARCA, AND SURELY IT'S GAME OVER! Pedri gets in on the act as Barcelona surely clinch victory! Real Madrid are masters of their own downfall again, with a terrible pass towards Militao putting them in all kinds of trouble. Lewandowski steals possession and plays in Gavi, who sees his left-footed cross turned home by Pedri at the far post!,1
raujo picks up a deserved booking for a clear block on Vinicius, giving Real Madrid a free-kick on halfway. That was a good foul to concede, however, with Los Blancos looking to break.,2
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Modric has been kept quiet throughout this game, and Ancelotti opts to replace the former Ballon d'Or winner with his second change, bringing Ceballos on in his place.,0
Now Madrid win a free-kick on the right flank, with Christensen going into the book for hauling Rodrygo down.,2
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #12Unsurprisingly, Madrid make a change at half-time. Rodrygo is on for Camavinga – who conceded possession in the build-up to the first goal. That switch will see Valverde drop into a midfield position.,0
sst: GaviGOAAAAAL! 2-0 BARCELONA AS LEWANDOWSKI FINISHES A FLOWING MOVE! Lewandowski has his first goal in El Clasico, tapping home a neat left-wing cross from Gavi, but De Jong should be credited for a brilliant pass in the build-up, prodding the ball behind a disorganised Madrid backline to send Gavi clear. Madrid have a mountain to climb.,1
Asst: R. LewandowskiGOAL! BARCA LEAD 1-0! Barcelona take the lead in the Supercopa de Espana final, and it's Gavi with the goal! Madrid are caught in possession as they look to play out from the back, allowing Lewandowski to slide an excellent pass into Gavi's path. The young midfielder steadies himself before drilling a left-footed finish beyond Courtois from 10 yards out, putting Barca ahead!,1
Mendy becomes the first player booked for that shove on Dembele. The left-back has been troubled on a few occasions by Dembele so far, and he's now walking a tightrope...,2
Mudryk spins past Zanka on the edge of the box and wins a free-kick in a shooting position for Chelsea. Yellow card for the Brentford defender.,2
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Wissa scored Brentford's second goal and is being replaced up front by Maupay.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Janelt has only had 26 touches in the midfield, completing 70.6 per cent of his passes. He is off for Yarmoliuk.,0
sst: C. PalmerGOALLL! DISASI SCORES! 2-2! Chelsea are level! The Blues take a short corner on the left, with Mudryk playing it to Palmer. The former Manchester City man works possession onto his left foot and lifts a cross towards Disasi, who slams in his header at the back post.,1
Levi ColwillChelsea · Defender #26Pochettino is sending on another attack for Chelsea to try and get the equaliser. Sterling is on for Colwill, which will make it even more difficult for the Blues to defend crosses.,0
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Onyeka got an assist and a yellow card in the second half and is now coming off. The usually ever-present Jensen takes his place.,0
Onyeka stops a counter from Chelsea and is shown a yellow card.,2
Enzo FernándezChelsea · Midfielder #8Fernandez looked exhausted on the left and was struggling to defend against Roerslev. He is replaced by Mudryk.,0
Asst: F. OnyekaGOALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM WISSA! 2-1 BRENTFORD! The Bees have come from behind to lead. Wissa comes forward down the left and plays a pass to Reguilon, who sends in a cross. Chelsea head away the initial ball into the box, but Onyeka stretches to keep the attack alive, flicking it up to Wissa, who crashes an overhead kick into the left corner.,1
GOALLLLLL! ROERSLEV SCORES! 1-1! The Bees are level after a bright start to the second half. Toney runs down the right and hooks a cross into the middle of the box. Reguilon takes it down brilliantly but scuffs his shot under pressure. However, Roerslev is the quickest to react to the loose ball and pokes it in.,1
Gallagher gets down the right side of Brentford's box and goes down under a challenge from Collins, but the referee gives the free-kick the other way and books the Chelsea man for diving.,2
Asst: M. GustoGOALLL! JACKSON SCORES! 1-0 CHELSEA! The Blues lead! Palmer receives the ball on the right and pokes a pass out to Gusto, who quickly gets it out of his feet before whipping a fantastic cross into the middle of the box. Jackson is ready for it, getting above his marker before planting his downward header into the bottom-left corner.,1
sst: J. FloresGOAL!! DUNDALK PULL ANOTHER ONE BACK!! Flores whips a free-kick into the box with plenty of pace and Hoare flicks the ball past Runarsson and in with the back of his head! It's 4-2 now!,1
Joe WillockArsenal · Midfielder #28Arteta hands out another debut, with Azeez replacing Willock in midfield for Arsenal.,0
Dundalk substitute Kelly now goes into the book for an overzealous challenge on Cedric.,2
Asst: N. PépéGOAL!!! BALOGUN SCORES OFF THE BENCH AGAIN!!! Pepe marauds through the centre and slips a perfectly-weighted ball through for Balogun, who bends an unerring finish into the bottom-right corner past Rogers. It's 4-1 to Arsenal now!,1
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Striker #32Meanwhile, Smith Rowe is off for the Gunners as Cottrell makes his competitive Arsenal debut.,0
Michael DuffyDundalk · Striker #7Keegan makes another couple of changes now, bringing Duffy off for Wynne in the first alteration.,0
Patrick McEleneyDundalk · Midfielder #11McEleney also makes way, with Colovic replacing him as Dundalk look for a way back into the contest.,0
hields is the latest player to go into the referee's book as he makes a poor challenge on Balogun.,2
Cleary goes into the book for barging Smith Rowe to the floor. He protests, but it's a clear yellow card.,2
Asst: F. BalogunGOAL!!! WILLOCK MAKES IT 3-1!!! Balogun holds the ball up well in the box and lays it off to Willock, who evades one challenge before drilling a fierce, low effort at goal that is close to Rogers, but the keeper can't get down to it and the ball hits the back of the net!,1
Eddie NketiahArsenal · Striker #30Nketiah also makes way, with one young striker replacing another as Balogun comes on.,0
Mohamed ElnenyArsenal · Midfielder #25Arteta makes a double-change now, with Elneny replaced by Real Madrid loanee Ceballos in midfield in the first alteration.,0
undalk substitute Mountney steps on the foot of Smith Rowe as he gets to the ball late and is shown a yellow card.,2
Sean GannonDundalk · Midfielder #2Keegan takes the opportunity to make a second change, replacing Gannon with Mountney as the Dundalk boss searches for an equaliser.,0
David McMillanDundalk · Striker #29McMillan stayed down in the aftermath of that chance and it looks like he's pulled his hamstring. He can't continue and will be replaced by Kelly.,0
Andy BoyleDundalk · Defender #44Keegan makes a half-time change, presumably due to injury, with Boyle coming off for Gartland in defence.,0
Willock can feel aggrieved to be booked as he inadvertently catches McMillan with a stray arm whilst holding off his challenge. That seemed harsh.,2
Cedric takes a heavy touch and Leahy races towards the loose ball, getting there slightly ahead of the Arsenal defender and drawing a foul that sees the Portuguese go into the book.,2
sst: M. DuffyGOAL!! DUNDALK HAVE ONE BACK!!! Flores and Duffy exchange passes quickly and the former is released into the Arsenal box on the right. He thumps a powerful strike across goal that beats Runarsson, who got a touch on it, and flies into the bottom-left corner! It's 2-1 now!,1
Asst: E. Smith RoweGOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM ELNENY!!! Smith Rowe lays the ball back to Elneny on the left around 25 yards out and the midfielder unleashes an absolute thunderbolt that flies into the very top-right corner! That was a magnificent strike! It's 2-0 to Arsenal now!,1
GOAL!! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD!! Nketiah charges down a clearance from Boyle and races into the box before lifting the ball cleverly over the onrushing Rogers and over the line! It's 1-0 to Arsenal!,1
Nketiah races onto a lovely ball forward from Mari down the left and gets past Boyle, who pulls him down just outside the box and is shown a yellow card.,2
here was a bit of a scuffle after that chance for Arsenal, and Abdul Samed receives a booking for his part in the incident.,2
Deiver MachadoLens · Midfielder #3Aguilar is on in place of Machado.,0
Elye WahiLens · Striker #9Having just put his team ahead, Wahi trudges off for Said.,0
Adrien ThomassonLens · Midfielder #28Thomasson, who levelled for Lens earlier in the game, comes off for Fulgini.,0
Kai HavertzArsenal · Midfielder #29Arteta responds to Wahi's strike with a trio of substitutions. The first sees Havertz replaced by Smith Rowe.,0
sst: P. FrankowskiGOAL!!! LENS ARE IN FRONT!!! Frankowski's whipped cross is delightful to pick out Wahi in the middle, and the new signing's first-time finish is sublime to beat Raya for power and fly into the back of the net. 2-1 to the hosts!,1
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Saka is forced to limp off, and Vieira comes on in his place.,0
Asst: E. WahiGOAL!!! THOMASSON MAKES IT 1-1!!! It is an exquisite strike from the winger, as he races onto Wahi's deft knock-down. Thomasson opens up his body before placing a superb finish past Raya and into the net to get Lens level!,1
sst: B. SakaGOAL!!! JESUS FIRES ARSENAL IN FRONT!!! He has barely had a kick so far, but one Lens mistake and he punishes them! Thomasson carelessly gives the ball away, and Saka latches on it. He feeds it into Jesus, who shifts it onto his right before rifling into the bottom-left corner to put the visitors 1-0 up!,1
SPEZIA PULL ONE BACK! Piccoli just waits in the middle of the box for the cross to come into him and he reaches the cross just ahead of Darmian and taps it into the back of the empty net to score a late consolation for Spezia. 2-1!,1
Gennaro AcamporaSpezia · Striker #4Final change for Spezia now and it's Acapora that's making way for Mastinu.,0
Emmanuel GyasiSpezia · Striker #11There's a double change for Spezia as well, with Farias coming on for Gyasi.,0
M'Bala NzolaSpezia · Striker #18Piccoli is also being brought on in place of Nzola.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9And Lukaku is also taken off, with Perisic replacing him.,0
Achraf HakimiInter · Midfielder #2Hakimi is also making way, with D'Ambrosio on for him.,0
Ashley YoungInter · Midfielder #15Triple change for Inter now and Young is the first to make way for Darmian.,0
Luca MoraSpezia · Midfielder #6Mora is also being taken off and he's replaced by Agudelo.,0
Alessandro DeiolaSpezia · Midfielder #27Double change for Spezia now and Deiola is one of the players making way, with Maggiore on for him.,0
enalty GoalLUKAKU SCORES! He steps up to take the spot-kick and it's a confident strike from the forward. He sends Provedel the wrong way and fires his shot into the back of the net. 2-0 Inter! ,1
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Second change for Inter now and it's Brozovic that's making way for Vidal.,0
sst: L. MartínezINTER LEAD! Hakimi's got a lot of space to run into down the right and he takes the shot as soon as he gets into the box before Mora can close him down. He keeps his effort low and beats Provedel at his near post. 1-0 Inter! ,1
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5There's a change from Inter at the break as Gagliardini makes way for Sensi.,0
Terzi is booked after he catches Lukaku with a late challenge.,2
Nzola is off balance when he tries to nick the ball off De Vrij and he ends up catching Barella in the face with his hand, so is shown a yellow card.,2
Brozovic slides in late on Acampora from behind and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9Bournemouth make a change that whiffs of accepting defeat. Brooks replaces their star man Solanke.,0
Asst: R. SterlingGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 1-3 CHELSEA! Felix seals the win for Chelsea with a simple goal! Sterling dribbles into the box and squares the ball for the Portugal forward, who calmly slots it home.,1
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10Christie is the next Bournemouth player to go off. The Cherries bring on their Ghanaian striker Semenyo.,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Havertz goes off before Bournemouth's next change. Felix takes his place on the pitch for Chelsea.,0
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth respond by making changes. They have to chase the game now. Anthony replaces Billing.,0
sst: H. ZiyechGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 1-2 CHELSEA! Solanke's mistake has proven costly! Badiashile high-kicks Ziyech's floated delivery towards goal. It's straight at Neto but too powerful for the Bournemouth captain to keep out of the net!,1
Noni MaduekeChelsea · Striker #31The lively Madueke also heads off. Ziyech will try his luck down Chelsea's right wing.,0
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Defender #21Chelsea's long-serving club captain Azpilicueta replaces Chilwell, who seems to have gone off as a precautionary measure.,0
adiashile slides into a tackle and catches Ouattara, who cannot jump out of the way in time. The Frenchman is booked for the challenge.,2
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7Kante is the next Chelsea player to make way. On comes Loftus-Cheek in his place.,0
Mykhailo MudrykChelsea · Striker #15Chelsea make two substitutions. Sterling comes onto the pitch first. He replaces the quiet Mudryk.,0
Joe RothwellBournemouth · Midfielder #14Bournemouth make their first substitution. Cook replaces Rothwell in central midfield.,0
Chelsea launch one last attack before the break. Kante drives through the middle and gets taken out by Senesi, who is booked. The visitors take a quick free-kick, and the whistle blows for half-time.,2
Asst: R. ChristieGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 1-1 CHELSEA! The hosts play pretty passing triangles through the middle for Christie to free Vina on the edge of the box. The Uruguayan shifts the ball onto his right foot and sends a curling shot past Kepa!,1
ante's shown the yellow card for a mistimed challenge on Christie.,2
Mudryk bursts into the box from the left and goes down too easily under Smith's challenge for referee John Brooks' liking. The Ukrainian is booked for diving.,2
Asst: N. KantéGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 0-1 CHELSEA! Gallagher gets in between Senesi and Smith to latch onto Kante's cross from the right and divert a header into the far bottom corner of the net.,1
uarte is shown a yellow card for a foul on Trincao just outside Pacheco’s area on the right.,2
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Midfielder #22Koeman continues to roll the dice, replacing Fati with Braithwaite in an attempt to steal a late winner.,0
Tomás PinaAlavés · Midfielder #8A change in midfield sees Pina replaced by Marin with less than 20 minutes left in the game.,0
Luis RiojaAlavés · Midfielder #11Rioja’s goal has Alaves in position to earn a point, but his match is over as he’s replaced by Garcia.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Koeman looks to freshen up his side with 20 minutes to go, as Alba is taken off and replaced by Dest. ,0
ARCELONA GET THEMSELVES LEVEL! Fati makes a challenge on the loose ball outside the penalty area and it breaks kindly for Griezmann, who latches onto it inside the 18 and chips it over Pacheco! 1-1!,1
RED CARD FOR ALAVES! Jota has made his side’s fight for three points a lot more difficult, getting himself sent off for a second yellow card after raising his boot high and catching Pique high in the chest. It’s unfortunate for the midfielder, but it’s worthy of a booking. The hosts down to 10 men!,3
Édgar MéndezAlavés · Midfielder #16The third change of the match for the hosts is a straight swap on the wing, as Tavares is in for Mendez. ,0
DeyversonAlavés · Striker #14Deyverson has been very good in his limited touches today, sparking a couple of dangerous counter-attacks. He’s taken off before the hour though, as Joselu comes on to replace him.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5A substitution at half-time for Barcelona sees a change in midfield. Busquets is replaced by Pjanic.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Midfielder #11Dembele is replaced by Trincao on the wing as Koeman looks to make wholesale changes. ,0
Clément LengletBarcelona · Defender #15The third switch is an interesting one, as winger Pedri is on for Lenglet - who was playing in defence. ,0
usquets is booked for a sliding challenge in midfield, in a failed attempt to prevent a counter-attack.,2
The counter continues, just until Lenglet as Rioja’s jersey is pulled by the centre-back. It’s a free-kick for the hosts, while the Barcelona player receives a yellow card.,2
Ximo NavarroAlavés · Defender #23Alaves are forced into a change four minutes from half-time, as Navarro is unable to run off an earlier injury. Aguirregabiria is his replacement. ,0
Messi is booked for a cynical foul after failing to get the referee to award him a free-kick for various niggling fouls during Barca’s last attack.,2
ALAVES TAKE THE LEAD AFTER A MESS IN BARCELONA’S DEFENCE! Rioja bursts forward on a counter-attack, but loses possession just outside the 18-yard box to Pique. The defender passes it back to Neto and looks for the pass back, but the keeper’s first touch is poor - allowing Rioja to slip in, take possession back and tuck it away! 1-0 to the hosts!,1
Deyverson steps into Messi - sending the Barcelona captain to the floor just outside the 18-yard box. It's a yellow card for the Alaves striker while giving Barcelona a chance to trouble Pacheco.  ,2
Jota tugs Griezmann’s jersey back inside the centre-circle and receives the first yellow card of the match.,2
sst: N. MazraouiHAT-TRICK FOR KANE! Netting his first treble for Bayern Munich, the English striker guides home a cutback from Mazraoui, beating Riemann with a near-post finish from close range! That's Bayern's seventh goal today, matching the 7-0 scoreline when they lasted hosted Bochum in Bavaria!,1
Asst: H. KaneBAYERN HIT SIX! Edging one goal closer to last year's haul of seven against Bochum, Bayern strike again! Curling the ball expertly into the bottom-right corner after receiving a pass from Kane in the area, Tel inks his name on the scoresheet: it's 6-0 to the hosts!,1
Christopher Antwi-AdjeiVfL Bochum · Striker #22Having endured a fruitless shift up front, Antwi-Adjei is withdrawn; Daschner replaces him.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Muller takes the armband from Kimmich, as he comes on to replace Coman for the final few minutes.,0
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Tuchel takes the opportunity to remove captain Kimmich from the fray; Goretzka is sent on in his place.,0
Takuma AsanoVfL Bochum · Striker #11Shaking his head in frustration, Asano trudges off as Osterhage replaces him.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19With the points totally secure, Bayern can afford to rest some of their star players: first, Davies is withdrawn and young Kratzig comes on.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Midfielder #13Having opened the scoring upon his return to the lineup, Choupo-Moting now makes way for Tel.,0
enalty GoalKANE BAGS A BRACE! Shuffling up to his penalty-kick in familiar style, Kane waits for Riemann to go the wrong way before burying his shot in the bottom-left corner! That's the England striker's second of the game and his sixth in five Bundesliga matches: 5-0!,1
Anthony LosillaVfL Bochum · Midfielder #8Bochum have also made a change at the break, with their third substitution seeing Losilla make way for Gamboa.,0
Matthijs de LigtBayern · Defender #4Having replaced the French defender in today's starting lineup, De Ligt makes way for Upamecano after the interval.,0
Asst: H. KaneSANE SLOTS HOME A FOURTH! Bayern are running away with this now, as Sane strides through the exposed Bochum defence and strokes in a low finish following Kane's guided throughball. At 4-0 to Die Roten, Bochum are left contemplating another hammering at Allianz Arena!,1
Felix PasslackVfL Bochum · Midfielder #15Letsch has decided changes cannot wait until half-time, so makes a double substitution: first, Passlack is replaced by Loosli.,0
Maximilian WittekVfL Bochum · Midfielder #32Wittek also makes way, with Hofmann coming on to replace him.,0
sst: J. KimmichBAYERN HAVE A THIRD! Effectively wrapping up the points before half-time, De Ligt rises highest in the box, and on his first Bundesliga start of the season powers home a header from Kimmich's corner! It's now 3-0, following the Dutch defender's finish from near the penalty spot.,1
 foul on De Ligt inside Bayern's half earns Losilla his first booking of the 2023-24 Bundesliga season.,2
ANE STRIKES AGAIN! The England striker benefits from a mazy run by Davies, which ends with a slip and two deflections inside Bochum's box, sending the ball into his team-mate's path. Of course, Kane strokes the ball home with aplomb from less than 10 yards out, and Bayern already lead 2-0!,1
Asst: K. ComanBAYERN LEAD! After Sane slips through Coman on the left, the latter's precise cutback for Choupo-Moting leaves the big striker with the simplest of finishes, and he taps the ball home to put Bayern Munich 1-0 ahead! It could be another long day at the office for Bochum, who conceded 10 goals in these clubs' two meetings last season!,1
Lovro MajerRennes · Midfielder #21Tait is sent on for Majer in an attempt to freshen the legs in midfield for Rennes.,0
Amine GouiriRennes · Striker #19Sulemana comes on for Gouri with a minute to go before added time.,0
Danilo PereiraPSG · Defender #15Down a goal, Galtier has no choice but to make attacking changes. Sanches comes on for Danilo as a result.,0
Adrien TruffertRennes · Midfielder #3Truffert is also brought off, with the wing-back replaced with under a quarter-hour remaining. Meling will see out the game.,0
Arnaud KalimuendoRennes · Striker #9Confirmation that Kalimuendo will be unable to continue, with the forward's match against his former club at an end. It's a defensive change for the hosts, who send Assignon on in his stead.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Vitinha is also brought off as the midfield gets an overhaul. Fabian gets a chance to play.,0
Warren Zaïre-EmeryPSG · Midfielder #33Zaire-Emery comes off with 18 minutes remaining, with Soler taking his place.,0
Désiré DouéRennes · Striker #33Doku comes in for Desire Doue in the first change of the game for Rennes.,0
Asst: A. TruffertTHE HOSTS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0 RENNES! The captain steps up and puts his side ahead with a lovely goal, getting on the end of Truffert’s cutback pass from the byline and side-footing a cool finish past Donnarumma from the penalty spot!,1
Nordi MukielePSG · Midfielder #26Hakimi is introduced before the Rennes free-kick in a straight swap with Mukiele on the right wing.,0
Hugo EkitikePSG · Striker #44Ekitike is off for Mbappe, who has 35 minutes to make his impact felt.,0
he yellow card is out again, this time for Marquinhos, who tugged back Ristic when he got away from him.,2
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11Final change for PSG now as Gassama comes on to replace Di Maria.,0
Ferri's layoff was blocked by Marquinhos, and he caught the defender in his attempts to keep hold of it. He was late, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14And Bernat also makes way, with Mendes on in his place.,0
Thilo KehrerPSG · Defender #24PSG are making another double change, and it's to both full-backs. Kehrer is the first to be taken off, with Hakimi on for him.,0
Florent MolletMontpellier · Midfielder #25And Mollet is the other player making way, with Leroy replacing him.,0
Arnaud SouquetMontpellier · Defender #2Montpellier are making their final changes now. Souquet, who is on a booking, is the first to go off, with Sambia on for him.,0
Sacha DelayeMontpellier · Midfielder #34Third change for Montpellier now, and it's Delaye that's going off for Oyongo.,0
Just seconds after coming off the bench, Simons slides in with a late challenge on Ristic. It's right in front of the referee and he has his name taken.,2
Georginio WijnaldumPSG · Midfielder #18And Wijnaldum is also being taken off, with Simons coming on for him.,0
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21PSG are making a double change now. Herrera is the first to go off, with Michut on in his place.,0
enalty GoalMBAPPE SCORES! Despite having to wait a long time before he could take the penalty, Mbappe didn't let it faze him. He takes a short run-up before hitting his low shot into the bottom right corner, sending Bertaud the wrong way. 4-0 PSG!,1
Matheus ThulerMontpellier · Defender #26And Thuler is also taken off, with Gioacchini replacing him.,0
Stephy MavididiMontpellier · Striker #10Montpellier are finally ready to make that change, and it's going to be a double. Mavididi has made it back to the bench, and Germain is on in his place.,0
bappe left Souquet behind with a clever bit of skill and the defender ends up clipping his heels when he attempts to get back into position. It's clumsy and he's booked for it.,2
Herrera just clips the back of Mavididi's heels to stop his run, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
DI MARIA SCORES! It's wonderful footwork from Mbappe down the left to leave two Montpellier defenders behind and he lifts a cross in when he spots Messi's late run. It's glanced away by Esteve to Di Maria, who brings it down on the right of the box. His low shot takes a big deflection off Thuler which lifts it over Bertaud. 3-0 PSG!,1
Asst: K. MbappeMESSI SCORES AGAIN! It starts with the goalkeeper and PSG work it nicely down the left with Mbappe whipping a great cross into the box. Messi brings it down in the middle and, cool as you like, takes it around Bertaud when he rushed off his line and slotted it into the empty net. 2-0 PSG!,1
Asst: K. MbappeMESSI SCORES! The corner is taken short by PSG and worked to Mbappe on the left of the box. After a quick glance up, he pulls it back into the middle and Di Maria lets it run. Messi comes in behind him to hit it first time, firing low into the far bottom corner. 1-0 PSG!,1
Georginio WijnaldumPSG · Midfielder #18Gueye is also on, replacing the entirely-anonymous Wijnaldum.,0
Thilo KehrerPSG · Defender #24Draxler on for Kehrer now, as Pochettino's men prepare to throw the kitchen sink at their hosts.,0
sst: C. StengsGOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLL!!!! NICE MAY WELL HAVE WON IT AT THE DEATH! IT'S DELORT WITH THE GOAL! The substitute rifles home a volley at the back post after Stengs provided a wonderful delivery. Have the home team done enough to claim a huge win?,1
Justin KluivertNice · Midfielder #21Nice have made their fifth and final sub, with Kluivert replaced after missing that chance, and Boudaoui replacing him on the wing.,0
Khéphren ThuramNice · Midfielder #19Stengs is also on for Thuram for Nice, as they look to add more penetration in attack with a fourth switch.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11Icardi becomes the first PSG substitute to enter the fray, replacing Di Maria, whose early miss remains the visitors' best chance.,0
Flavius DaniliucNice · Defender #5Lotomba replaces Daniliuc for Nice now, with the Austrian having performed admirably against Neymar at right-back.,0
Kasper DolbergNice · Striker #9Delort replaces Dolberg for Nice, with the Danish forward struggling to make an impact.,0
Mario LeminaNice · Midfielder #18Schneiderlin is also on for the hosts, replacing Lemina, who had picked up a booking and looked to be struggling with a head injury in the last couple of minutes.,0
Lemina goes into the book for that cynical foul, bringing Messi down after the Ballon d'Or winner beat the former Southampton man with a cheeky nutmeg.,2
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Axel Tuanzebe comes on for the final few seconds in place of Fred.,0
Matic has his name taken after stopping Grealish in his tracks.,2
Shaw prevents Luiz from launching a quickfire counter and goes into the book.,2
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #18Fernandes is given a well-earned rest by United, with Daniel James coming on.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Midfielder #21Villa turn to the bench once more with Keinan Davis introduced for the last few minutes. El Ghazi is the player to make way.,0
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Midfielder #15A change for Villa with Traore replaced by Jacob Ramsey.,0
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39A conservative change for United with Nemanja Matic introduced in favour of McTominay.,0
Penalty GoalFERNANDES!!! 2-1 UNITED! The hosts regain their lead and it's their talisman who has delivered. Fernandes steps up and rams the ball into the bottom corner, leaving Martinez with no chance.,1
Asst: J. GrealishTRAORE! 1-1! Villa have equalised! A quick free-kick releases Grealish down the left. His cross finds an unmarked Traore at the far post, and the former Chelsea man takes a touch before calmly slotting past De Gea.,1
aguire blocks the run of Grealish and has his name taken as a result.,2
sst: A. Wan-BissakaMARTIAL!!! 1-0 UNITED! A lovely move by the hosts sees Pogba and Rashford combine to release Wan-Bissaka down the right. The full-back delivers an inviting cross that is glanced home by the head of Martial.,1
Gibbs-White enters the book now after racking up a series of fouls.,2
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21A final change for United in the closing stages, as young defender Fish replaces James deep into injury time.,0
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Midfielder #3Wolves have also shuffled their options with Nouri Fernando replaced by Oliveira.,0
Amad DialloMan United · Striker #19A great outing for Amad comes to end, there's so much more to come from him. On in his place is Shoretire.,0
Juan MataMan United · Midfielder #8Is that the last we'll see of Juan Mata in a Manchester United shirt? He's been a great servant for Red Devils but at this stage of his career he may be off for pastures new. At the other end of the experience spectrum, on comes 18-year-old Hannibal Mejbri.,0
Conversely, that is very much a yellow card for Boly. He maybe won the ball but his lunge towards Diallo wasn't particularly clever.,2
Leander DendonckerWolves · Midfielder #32A second change of the day for Wolves then, with Nuno sending on Gibbs-White for Dendoncker. You get the feeling the hosts will try and play just a little further forward now.,0
A needless booking really for United keeper Henderson, who takes an age to take a goal kick and is shown a yellow card.,2
enalty GoalGOAL! United lead again 2-1! This might be Mata's last appearance in a Man Utd shirt with his contract up at the end of June. The classy Spaniard sends Patricio the wrong way and clinically sticks his effort into the left-hand side of the goal. The Wolves fans are aiming their anger at VAR and Mike Dean, and their team have it all to do again.,1
And Dendoncker is quickly booked too for arguing about the Nouri decision.,2
ouri is the first name to go into the book for a late trip on Elanga, despite the moans of the crowd.,2
Asst: F. SilvaWOLVES ARE LEVEL THROUGH SEMEDO IT'S 1-1! It's a fantastic team goal from Wolves with Dendoncker setting Silva into the area. It looked as though he'd taken too long to square it, but he just about squeezes it into the path of Semedo, who rolls into the bottom-left corner for his first goal in a Wolves shirt!,1
Adama TraoréWolves · Striker #37Ah that is real, real shame for Wolves and Traore. The winger appeared to be struggling with a hamstring issue a few moments earlier and he can no longer continue. United's defenders will breathe a sigh of relief but in terms of the game it's a genuine disappointment to see him hobble off to be replaced by Willian Jose.,0
Asst: D. JamesGOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!! ELANGA SCORES ON HIS SECOND LEAGUE START! James is set free by down the left flank and the Welshman's teasing early delivery is headed home from point-blank range by the 19-year-old. It's Manchester United who lead Wolves 1-0!,1
Duric is shown a yellow card for catching the face of Romagnoli during an aerial duel between captains. ,2
Luca RanieriSalernitana · Defender #19Salernitana’s last alteration is in defence as Jaroszynski comes on for Ranieri.,0
Franck KessiéMilan · Midfielder #79Each team make their final substitutions. The first sees Milan replace Kessie with Tonali.,0
Franck RibérySalernitana · Midfielder #7Ribery’s match comes to an end after an hour as Duric is sent on in his place.,0
Simeon Tochukwu NwankwoSalernitana · Striker #25Bonazzoli is introduced as Simy makes way.,0
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Ballo-Toure comes into the match for Milan as Pioli keeps one eye ahead on Milan’s meeting with Liverpool at San Siro this week. Hernandez comes off.,0
Nadir ZorteaSalernitana · Midfielder #21Confirmation of the enforced change as Kechrida comes on for Zortea.,0
Francesco Di TacchioSalernitana · Midfielder #14A change for Salernitana at half-time sees the booked Di Tacchio replaced by Kastanos. ,0
Tiémoué BakayokoMilan · Midfielder #41Bakayoko was booked in the first half and will be replaced by Bennacer for the second. ,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Messias is on for Leao as Milan make a switch at the half. ,0
A frustrated Di Tacchio picks up a yellow card for bringing Krunic down from behind.,2
Bakayoko is shown the first yellow card of the match after catching the ankle of Simy during a battle for the ball in midfield.,2
Asst: B. DíazIT’S TWO IN 20 FOR THE ROSSONERI! It’s a lovely strike from Saelemaekers, who receives a leading pass from Brahim on the right before cutting inside and curling a well-placed strike to the far corner with his weaker left foot!,1
Pietro PellegriMilan · Striker #64Krunic is the man chosen to replace Pellegri as Pioli opts against introducing a more orthodox striker.,0
MILAN OPEN THE SCORING AFTER JUST FIVE MINUTES! Leao drives down the left wing and cuts a pass back into the penalty area near the byline for Kessie, whose first-time shot goes between the legs of Ranieri and past Belec! 1-0 to the Rossoneri!,1
e Bruyne looks to sprint through the middle before Van Dijk clips him from behind, warranting a clear yellow card from the referee.,2
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Mane comes off for Liverpool having scored their equaliser, and Roberto Firmino replaces him up top.,0
Gabriel JesusMan City · Midfielder #9Jesus comes off for City having scored their second goal, and Jack Grealish will come on to see out the game.,0
ilva picks Mane's pocket and glides through the middle, before being brought down from behind by Fabinho for a free-kick. The Brazilian is yellow-carded for the tackle, which was a nasty one.,2
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Liverpool bring off their captain Henderson, and Naby Keita will replace him in midfield.,0
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7The denied goalscorer Sterling comes off for City, and their top scorer in all competitions Riyad Mahrez replaces him.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Liverpool's first goalscorer Jota comes off in Jurgen Klopp's first change, and Luis Diaz will replace him in attack.,0
hiago's not happy about something and is booked for dissent, getting that yellow card he narrowly avoided earlier on.,2
Asst: M. SalahGOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Liverpool score straight out the gates!!! Salah cuts inside and curls a beauty of a ball through for Mane, and he beats Walker to the ball, slotting it past Ederson to make it 2-2!!!!,1
Silva needlessly catches Robertson late and is booked by the referee.,2
sst: J. CanceloGOOOAAAALLLL!!!! City fire ahead!!!! After heading away a City corner, Cancelo crosses back into the area, and with the Liverpool defence nowhere, Jesus sneaks in at the far post to tap it beyond Alisson and into the net!!! Liverpool fell asleep again, and it's cost them this time as City make it 2-1!!,1
De Bruyne knocks the ball past Robertson and is taken out by the Liverpool left-back, who receives the game's first booking.,2
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOOOAAALLL!!!! Liverpool hit back!!!! After Laporte heads clear a cross for Mane, Robertson crosses the ball back into the danger area. Alexander-Arnold's at the back post, and cuts it back for Jota to stroke home!!! 1-1 with the game just 13 minutes old, and this is shaping up to be a classic!,1
Asst: B. SilvaGOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! City strike first!!!! After Mane clears from the Sterling chance, De Bruyne comes back forwards and beats Fabinho easily. He strikes it with his left foot from the edge of the box, and a deflection off Matip takes it beyond Alisson, off the post, and into the back on the net! 1-0 in five minutes, and City start on fire once again!,1
Oscar GloukhRB Salzburg · Midfielder #30The booked Gloukh also comes off, with Amankwah Forson on in his place to stretch the Inter defence in wide positions.,0
Karim KonatéRB Salzburg · Striker #19Nene Dorgeles is also brought on by Salzburg and replaces Konate up front for the hosts, whose chances of reaching the last 16 are hanging in the balance.,0
Carlos AugustoInter · Midfielder #30Inter make another change after opening the scoring late on, with Augusto replaced at left-wing-back with the more defensively-minded Federico Dimarco.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLL!!! Never. In. Doubt! Up steps Martinez, and drills the ball into the bottom-left corner!! Schlager dives the opposite way, as Inter score the first goal of the game with just five minutes left to go, and take the 1-0 lead which could seal their place in the last 16 of the Champions League!,1
Roko ŠimićRB Salzburg · Striker #23Simic's hold-up and linking of play with his team-mates has been important but so far ineffective for Salzburg, who bring on Petar Ratkov for the final 10 or so in the hope of grabbing a late winner.,0
Frattesi is caught late by Gloukh, who leaves a foot in as he releases the ball, and the Salzburg midfielder is booked by the referee with 15 minutes left on the clock.,2
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Mkhitaryan also comes off for the visitors, and he'll be replaced by the supremely talented Nicolo Barella in midfield.,0
Alexis SánchezInter · Striker #70The well-drilled Salzburg defence has largely kept Sanchez at bay so far, but his fellow South American Lautaro Martinez is now on and could prove an entirely different proposition for the hosts.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Kristjan Asllani is on for the Nerazzurri, and will replace Calhanoglu in the middle for the last half-hour of the contest.,0
A fast break from Inter sees Sanchez and Frattesi combine on the edge of the box, but the latter is clipped late, and right on the edge of the box, by Pavlovic, who is very lucky that his yellow card-worthy tackle didn't cost Salzburg a penalty.,2
Darmian's cross from the right is cut out by Salzburg, but their attempted counter-attack is short-lived after Calhanoglu wipes Gloukh out with a cynical sliding challenge. He goes into the book, and the hosts are given a free-kick.,2
Yann Aurel BisseckInter · Defender #31Having been booked in the first period, the otherwise impressive Bisseck won't feature in the second as Stefan de Vrij comes into the Inter backline.,0
Andreas UlmerRB Salzburg · Defender #17Having shaken off his first-half injury, veteran Salzburg captain Ulmer is withdrawn at the break anyway, and Lucas Gourna-Douath will replace him for the hosts.,0
Bisseck slid in late on Ulmer as the Salzburg captain took that shot on, and is booked as a result by the referee.,2
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Davies replaces Gueue for the home side for the closing stages.,0
Anthony GordonEverton · Midfielder #10Doucoure enters the action to shore up the Everton midfield as Gordon makes way.,0
sst: A. IwobiWHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MCNEIL FINISHES A SUBLIME EVERTON MOVE!!! 3-0!!!!! McNeil starts and finishes a super team move for the home side to secure the three points. He bursts into the box down the left flank and offloads to Iwobi. The midfielder produces a sublime backheel back to McNeil, who sweeps a strike into the net past a stranded Guaita.,1
Mateta catches Coady with a late challenge and joins the list of players in the book.,2
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Calvert-Lewin has been back to his best today and is replaced by Maupay for the closing 12 minutes.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Ebiowei replaces Ayew for the visitors on the right flank.,0
Demarai GrayEverton · Midfielder #11McNeil replaces Gray for the home side in the final third.,0
arkowski reacts to the charge on Gordon by Zaha and confronts the Palace man. He goes into the book.,2
uehi wipes out Calvert-Lewin in the build-up and is booked by the referee.,2
Zaha charges into Gordon off the ball in frustration and goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GORDON CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!! 2-0 EVERTON!! Gordon is on the spot for the Toffees to tap home after Mykolenko's strike is saved. Everton break on the counter as Iwobi, Calvert-Lewin and Gray burst forward. Onana joins the move and picks out Mykolenko in space on the left. He fires at goal on his left foot, but Guaita makes the save. However, Gordon is first to the rebound to bundle a strike home. Gordon's effort is initially ruled out for offside, but VAR overturns the decision.,1
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Milivojevic makes way for Schlupp in Palace midfield.,0
Michael OliseCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Mateta enters the action to replace Olise in the final third.,0
sst: A. IwobiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CALVERT-LEWIN FIRES EVERTON AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!! Calvert-Lewin scores a goal almost single-handedly to put the hosts ahead. First he bundles Milivojevic off the ball to find Iwobi, who returns the ball to the forward. He works the ball around Guehu and opens up space to place his left-footed strike into the bottom-left corner.,1
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Striker #26Hwang comes off to be replaced by Neves for the final few minutes. Lage is trying to eke this win out by any means possible.,0
Nélson SemedoWolves · Midfielder #22Having briefly returned to the field, Semedo is withdrawn by Wolves and Hoever is on to shore up the visitors' back line.,0
Kyle Walker-PetersSouthampton · Defender #2Hasenhuttl rolls the dice, as Walker-Peters is hauled off and veteran striker Long comes on for the final 15 minutes.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Podence takes the maximum amount of time available to slink off to the sideline, with the distinctly more rapid Traore brought on to replace him and run a tired home defence ragged.,0
Nathan RedmondSouthampton · Midfielder #11Redmond is withdrawn by Southampton, with Djenepo sent on with a brief to make or score the equaliser.,0
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Ralph Hasenhuttl reacts immediately to falling behind, as the ineffective Adams is brought off for Broja.,0
sst: J. SáVIVA RAUL! Dancing through the static Southampton defence, Jimenez slots into the bottom of the net from near the penalty spot, having created the opening goal almost single-handedly by controlling a long ball up from his goalkeeper. The Wolves striker is back in business, to the delight of the away fans! Southampton 0-1 Wolves!,1
Oyarzabal is also booked after arguing with Matic. The midfielder was unhappy with a challenge made by the Roma man.,2
Paulo DybalaRoma · Midfielder #21Dybala's last involvement was an assist for the second goal. He is given a great reception from the home fans on his way off the pitch. Bove replaces him.,0
Asst: P. DybalaGOALLLLL! 2-0 ROMA! What a corner from Dybala. His inswinging corner finds Kumbulla who powers in a header from close range. La Real will be disappointed as he was unmarked.,1
elotti makes another La Real player go in the book. This time he rushes down the left flank and is tripped by Zubimendi.,2
Andoni GorosabelReal Sociedad · Defender #18On a yellow card, Gorosabel is replaced. Sola is on.,0
David SilvaReal Sociedad · Midfielder #21La Real make two substitutions. The first sees Silva come off for Turrientes. Silva has looked good at times but has not had the time on the ball that he would have wanted.,0
Gorosabel is the third La Real player in the book after pulling the shirt of Spinazzola.,2
Takefusa KuboReal Sociedad · Midfielder #14Kubo has been involved in all of La Real's positive attacking movements, but is now being given a rest. Ali Cho comes on for the final 15 minutes.,0
Asier IllarramendiReal Sociedad · Midfielder #4Straight swap in La Real's midfield. Illarramendi has taken every free-kick and corner but is now being replaced. Mendez is on.,0
ust two minutes after the first yellow card of the game, a La Real player is in the book again. Zubeldia is punished after crashing into Belotti inside Roma's half.,2
llarramendi is the first player to be booked after committing a foul just outside La Real's box.,2
Alexander SørlothReal Sociedad · Striker #19La Real make their first change of the game. Sorloth has failed to make an impact in the attack and has been isolated by Roma's defence. Oyarzabal in on.,0
Tammy AbrahamRoma · Striker #9A straight swap in the attack sees Belotti replace Abraham. The former Torino man will have to replicate the energy of Abraham who pressed aggressively.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7Mourinho is making a triple substitution. The first is enforced with captain Pellegrini sustaining a head injury. Wijnaldum comes on in his place.,0
Stephan El ShaarawyRoma · Midfielder #92After scoring the only goal, El Shaarawy is now coming off. Spinazzola replaces him on the left wing.,0
Diego LlorenteRoma · Defender #14Roma make their first change of the game. Llorente emerged from the tunnel but will not continue, going back inside. Kumbulla will take his place.,0
Asst: T. AbrahamGOALLLL! WHAT A MOVE FROM ROMA! 1-0! El Shaarawy breaks the deadlock. Dybala rushes down the right flank with the ball before playing it into the path of Abraham. Fooling Zubeldia, he spins past him in the box before crossing to El Shaarawy who has a simple finish.,1
Rodri brings down Tielemans on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Foden replaces De Bruyne for the closing stages of the game.,0
Amartey catches De Bruyne with an outstretched arm and is booked. The Belgian protests for greater action, but the referee brandishes only the yellow card.,2
Wilfred NdidiLeicester City · Midfielder #25Mendy replaces Ndidi for the closing stages of the contest in the Leicester midfield.,0
Fernandino clatters into Maddison from behind and goes into the book. That was a needless challenge from the Brazilian.,2
Riyad MahrezMan City · Midfielder #26Torres replaces Mahrez in the final third.,0
sst: R. SterlingGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JESUS CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 2-0!!!!! City double their advantage as Jesus diverts a cutback from Sterling into the net. De Bruyne starts the move with an incisive throughball that cuts open the Leicester defence. Jesus bursts forward and offloads to Sterling. The England man fakes the shot before returning the ball to the Brazilian to finish.,1
Kelechi IheanachoLeicester City · Striker #14Iheanacho has not quite been at his best today and is withdrawn for Maddison.,0
Marc AlbrightonLeicester City · Midfielder #11Albrighton is withdrawn for Ricardo for the home side down the right flank.,0
Sergio AgüeroMan City · Striker #10Aguero is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Sterling.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MENDY PUTS CITY AHEAD!!!!!!! 1-0!!!! The Frenchman displays composure in the final third to bend an effort into the bottom-right corner. Mahrez causes havoc in the box before seeing a blast saved by Schmeichel. The ball travels out to Rodri to deliver a cross to the back post. Tielemans attempts to clear, but it lands at the feet of Mendy. He beats the challenge of Albrighton before placing a right-footed strike past Schmeichel. ,1
Ndidi brings down De Bruyne on the charge in the City half and goes into the book.,2
e've now got a third booking within two minutes as Ayew shoves Sarr to the ground. He's furious that it's given as a foul and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Johnson gets involved in an argument among both sets of players following the challenge, and he's booked for dissent.,2
Emerson brought Rak-Sakyi down with a heavy challenge, and Andersen follows it up with a late tackle on Gil. The Dane is shown the first booking of the game.,2
sst: J. AndersenAYEW PULLS ONE BACK! Van de Ven's clearance goes out for a throw-in and Ward gives it to Andersen to swing into the box. Porro completely misjudges the flight of the ball, and Ayew is behind him to bring it down on his chest before rifling it past Vicario and into the far side of the net. VAR checks it for handball, but it counts! 2-1!,1
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21And Bentancur, who makes his first appearance since February after his ACL injury, comes on to a warm reception from the fans. He replaces Kulusevski.,0
James MaddisonTottenham · Midfielder #10Spurs are making a late double change here. Maddison goes off for Gil.,0
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22And Edouard is also going off, with Mateta replacing him.,0
Jefferson LermaCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Palace are making their final changes now. Lerma is taken off for Franca.,0
Will HughesCrystal Palace · Midfielder #19And Ahamada is also brought on in place of Hughes.,0
Tyrick MitchellCrystal Palace · Defender #3Palace are actually going to make a double change here. Mitchell goes off with the physio and is replaced by Clyne.,0
sst: B. JohnsonSON SCORES! And Spurs finally have their first shot on target in the game! It starts with a big switch by Sarr out to Johnson, who plays a one-two with Maddison down the left so he can get into the box. Instead of going for goal himself, he touches it into Son, who makes no mistake as he fires it into the empty net. 2-0 Spurs!,1
RicharlisonTottenham · Midfielder #9Spurs are making a double change here. Richarlison is the first to go off, with Johnson on for him.,0
Yves BissoumaTottenham · Midfielder #8And Bissouma is also taken off, as Hojbjerg is brought on in his place.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Palace are making their first change of the game here. Schlupp is the one going off, with Rak-Sakyi replacing him.,0
Ben DaviesTottenham · Defender #33There's a change for Spurs at the start of the second half. Davies is taken off, with Emerson on in his place.,0
he Brentford celebrations are understandably wild, and Norgaard oversteps the mark slightly to pick up a late booking.,2
Asst: N. MaupayGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!!! Brentford finish Chelsea off with the cruellest of late goals! The corner, which Sanchez has come forward for, is headed clear, and with no-one back, Maupay carries the ball over halfway on his own! Sanchez gives chase in vain, and Mbeumo is on hand to tap in the substitute's pass, making it 2-0 and sealing the points!,1
Roerslev's block on Ugochukwu's shot sends the ball behind for another corner, which Ghoddos delays the taking of to earn himself a yellow card.,2
The two number 15's come together as Jackson looks to burst clear on the break. Onyeka drags him back though, and is shown a textbook yellow card for the cynical foul.,2
Aaron HickeyBrentford · Midfielder #2Hickey is the latest player off for the Bees, and Saman Ghoddos, who scored late to seal the 3-0 win over Fulham last time out, replaces him. Lightning can't strike twice, can it?,0
Marc CucurellaChelsea · Defender #3Cucurella is also withdrawn, with young Brazilian striker Deivid Washington brought on in his place as Chelsea look to salvage the game late on.,0
Moisés CaicedoChelsea · Midfielder #25Caicedo comes off having just been booked for the Blues, and Lesley Ugochukwu will replace him at the base of Chelsea's midfield.,0
Caicedo leaves a foot in on Norgaard well after the ball has gone, and the Ecuadorian picks up Chelsea's first booking of the contest.,2
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Wissa also comes off having had little luck in the final third, and Neal Maupay, who don't forget is already on a yellow card, will replace him late on!,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Janelt's been his industrious self at both ends of the pitch for Brentford, but is withdrawn with 14 to go for Yehor Yarmolyuk.,0
Noni MaduekeChelsea · Midfielder #11Madueke also heads off following a frustrating 67 minutes in front of goal, and Ian Maatsen is introduced to slot into the wide attacking positions.,0
Axel DisasiChelsea · Defender #2Chelsea now make their first changes, with Disasi replaced at the back by the far more attack-minded option of club captain Reece James.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8It's Brentford who'll make the first change of the game, taking Jensen off for Frank Onyeka in a like-for-like midfield substitution.,0
sst: B. MbeumoGOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Brentford take a shock lead here!!! Following a throw-in, Roerslev and Mbeumo play a smart one-two down the right. The latter hangs a high cross towards the back post, where Pinnock arrives from nowhere to nod the ball home! Chelsea have had chance after chance after chance, but it's the Bees who lead 1-0 at Stamford Bridge!,1
terling's penalty shout against Ajer comes to nothing, and Brentford clear the ball out to the right. Cucurella and Mbeumo tussle for possession, but the Chelsea full-back is fouled on the touchline and wins a free-kick. Warming up Brentford substitute Neal Maupay delays the taking of Palmer's delivery, and the first yellow card of the game is shown to a player who's not even on the pitch!,2
aylor receives a booking for kicking the ball away and delaying the restart.,2
Aaron RamseyBurnley · Midfielder #21Ramsey is replaced by Delcroix as Burnley look to hold on.,0
Chong is the latest player to go into the book late in the game.,2
Asst: C. RobertsGOAL!!!! 2-1 BURNLEY! Just a few seconds after the restart, the Clarets take the lead once again! Substitute Bruun Larsen unleashes a sensational strike from range to silence the Kenilworth Road faithful.,1
Asst: R. BurkeGOOOOOAAAAL!!!!!!!! Luton equalise!!! 1-1! Chong sends a dangerous ball into the box which Burke nods down towards Adebayo, who holds off the defender and places the ball into the corner beyond Trafford!,1
Lyle FosterBurnley · Striker #17Foster, who opened the scoring for Burnley, is replaced by Rodriguez.,0
Luca KoleoshoBurnley · Striker #30Bruun Larsen enters the fray in place of Koleosho for Kompany's side.,0
Jacob BrownLuton Town · Midfielder #19Chong replaces Brown as Luton make their third and final change.,0
Roberts receives a yellow card for taking too long with a throw-in.,2
Issa KaboréLuton Town · Midfielder #12Kabore leaves the pitch and is replaced by Adebayo as Edwards makes his second change of the game for Luton.,0
Burke brings down Koleosho and receives the second booking of the game.,2
Asst: S. BergeGOAAAAAAAAL!!! 1-0 Burnley!!! Foster latches on to a superb throughball from Berge beyond the Luton defence and places the ball under Kaminski and into the back of the net. The Hatters striker grabs his third goal of the season to give his side the lead at Kenilworth Road.,1
Brown goes into the book after a late challenge on Cullen in the Burnley half.,2
Amari'i BellLuton Town · Defender #29Bell can't continue after his injury and is replaced by Burke.,0
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Striker #10Final change for Palace now and it's Townsend that's making way for Ayew.,0
ouyate steps across Sterling to stop his run and picks up a yellow card.,2
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #20Both sides are making a change now and it's Palace first, who are bringing on Mateta to replace Benteke.,0
FernandinhoMan City · Midfielder #25For City, it's Fernandinho that's making way, with Zinchenko on in his place.,0
Jaïro RiedewaldCrystal Palace · Midfielder #44Palace are making the first change of the game and it's Riedewald that's making way for Schlupp.,0
TORRES SCORES! And just like that, it's 2-0! Palace are all over the place at the back and they just can't clear their lines. Torres latched onto the loose ball on the edge of the box and he drills his shot through the crowd and into the far bottom corner.,1
Asst: B. MendyAGUERO SCORES! He just drops back as he waits to get the ball from Mendy and he has time to take a touch before hitting the shot. It's a tight angle at the near post, but he lifts the shot over Guaita and into the back of the net. 1-0 City! ,1
ilivojevic caught Rodri earlier on in City's attack but the referee played an advantage. He goes back to it when play is stopped and shows him the first yellow card of the game.,2
Leandro ParedesJuventus · Midfielder #32Paredes' Juventus debut draws to a close, as he's replaced by Nicolo Fagioli for the final few minutes.,0
Antonín BarákFiorentina · Midfielder #72Barak is the next Viola man to come off, as Szymon Zurkowski enters the fray.,0
Luka JovićFiorentina · Striker #7Jovic's missed penalty would've been the difference at the moment, had it gone in of course, and a frustrating match for the striker comes to an end as he's replaced by Arthur Cabral.,0
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Another change coming for Juve, with Sandro withdrawn for Leonardo Bonucci. He'll likely fill in at centre-back, pushing Danilo out onto the left side.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Defender #11Cuadrado also comes off for the Old Lady, with Fabio Miretti introduced from the bench.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Striker #17Kostic is the next Bianconeri player to come off, and is replaced in attack by Moise Kean.,0
Youssef MalehFiorentina · Midfielder #14Maleh has been busy in the middle of the park, and comes off now for Rolando Mandragora. Mandragora scored a late winner in Fiorentina's only win so far this season. An ominous substitution?,0
Christian KouaméFiorentina · Striker #99Kouame's exceptional match comes to an end also, as he makes way for Jonathan Ikone.,0
Nikola MilenkovićFiorentina · Defender #4Milenkovic comes off in Fiorentina's first change, and is replaced at centre-back by Lucas Martinez Quarta.,0
ouame comes away with the ball on the counter after a Juventus attack is thwarted, but Danilo flies straight into him in a tackle more likely to be seen on a rugby pitch! The Brazilian defender is rightfully booked by the referee.,2
ocatelli's forward pass goes astray and Maleh comes back with the ball. He's chopped down by the Juve midfielder, with Locatelli being shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Ángel Di MaríaJuventus · Striker #22Di Maria comes off at half-time after a quiet first 45 minutes, and full-back Mattia De Sciglio will replace him.,0
Dodo looks to turn Sandro, and is almost successful, but the Juve left-back catches him late and is penalised and booked by the referee.,2
Asst: R. SottilGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! La Viola equalise!!!! Terracciano gets a good punch on the corner and Locatelli can't get control of the ball. It drops to Sottil, who splits the backtracking Juve defence with a throughball to Kouame, who races clear and slots the ball beyond the onrushing Perin and into the back of the net! 1-1 in Florence, and it's game on.,1
Milik knocks the ball past Amrabat as he looks to spark a counter-attack, and is subsequently floored off the ball by the Moroccan, who can have no complaints when the referee shows him a yellow card!,2
Asst: F. KostićGOOOOAAAALLLL!!! There's the opener!!! Cuadrado's cross from the byline is met by Kostic deep in the box, who volleys the ball back towards goal where Milik is waiting to stab it home! A real poacher's finish from the striker, and it's 1-0 with nine minutes gone!,1
Malick ThiawMilan · Defender #28Pioli will also make an alteration as Kjaer enters the fray for Thiaw.,0
Joshua ZirkzeeBologna · Striker #9Desparate for an attacking spark, Motta makes a triple change. The first sees Van Hooijdonk replace Zirkzee up front.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Striker #11Chukwueze is on for his maiden Milan appearance, replacing fellow debutant Pulisic after a lively first showing for his new team.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Pioli also looks to his bench, first introducing Okafor for his debut in place of Giroud.,0
Nicolás DomínguezBologna · Midfielder #8Motta makes another change as his team chase the game, bringing on El Azzouzi for Dominguez.,0
Hernandez is booked for his reaction to not receiving a foul after being bundled over in midfield.,2
Nikola MoroBologna · Striker #6Motta makes a change ahead of the second half, bringing on Orsolini for Moro.,0
Aebischer goes in the book for a cynical challenge on Leao in midfield.,2
Asst: O. GiroudGOAL!!! PULISIC MAKES IT 2-0 WITH A STUNNER!!! The former Chelsea man picks up the ball in the Bologna half, before playing a neat one-two with Giroud. Space opens up for him to blast towards Skorupski's goal, and Pulisic's brilliant strike flies past the hosts' goalkeeper and in!,1
sst: T. ReijndersGOAL!!! GIROUD PUTS MILAN AHEAD!!! Pulisic lofts a deep cross to the back post, where Reijnders does superbly to steer the ball back across goal. It comes to Giroud, and he coolly places past Skorupski to give his team a 1-0 lead.,1
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Striker #15Final roll of the dice for Villa now and it's Bertrand Traore that's coming off, with Ramsey replacing him.,0
Willian JoséWolves · Striker #12Wolves are making a change as well and Willian Jose is the one making way for Silva.,0
TrézéguetAston Villa · Striker #17Second change for Villa now and Smith is bringing on Davies to replace Trezeguet.,0
Morgan SansonAston Villa · Midfielder #25Villa are making the first change of the game and it's Barkley that's coming on for Sanson, who seems to have picked up an ankle problem.,0
It's a clumsy one from Sanson as he clatters into the back of Neto and he's shown the first yellow card of the match.,2
Just moments after catching Mendy with an elbow, Bailey brings him to ground late and is penalised, also receiving a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Aston Villa's last change sees Ramsey come off for Zimbabwean midfielder Marvelous Nakamba.,0
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #8Tielemans is withdrawn for Leicester's final change, with Ayoze Perez coming on for the last few minutes.,0
Ademola LookmanLeicester City · Midfielder #37Lookman is the next to come off for the Foxes, and Harvey Barnes, who scored against Everton last time out, comes on.,0
Philippe CoutinhoAston Villa · Midfielder #23Coutinho's been rather ineffective for Villa, and Emiliano Buendia comes on to replace him.,0
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Luiz comes off in Villa's first change, and is replaced by youngster Tim Iroegbunam.,0
Young's under pressure from Maddison in his own box and looks to turn him. A risky move, and he is caught by Maddison, who is yellow carded for the mistimed challenge.,2
uiz nearly pulls the blue shirt from the back of Lookman as he attempts to get around the outside, and the cynical foul is met with a yellow card for the Brazilian.,2
Patson DakaLeicester City · Striker #29Daka comes off in Leicester's first change, and Jamie Vardy makes his return to the side after an injury-enforced absence.,0
Leicester play an advantage and Dewsbury-Hall advances up the left. McGinn dispossesses him, and Dewsbury-Hall slides in straight afterwards, catching McGinn and none of the ball to join Mendy in the book.,2
Mendy clips McGinn late as the two's battle in midfield takes another twist, and the Leicester man is given the game's first yellow card.,2
Yet another Villa man is yellow-carded, as Ramsey clatters Guimaraes, who was threatening to break.,2
The latest player into the book is Bailey, who upends Saint-Maximin when chasing back to regain possession after he'd lost the ball in the final third.,2
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock makes way after a tireless shift in midfield, as January signing Guimaraes comes on for a brief cameo.,0
aving hauled down Willock near the halfway line, Luiz is deservedly booked.,2
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7Having been a frustrated figure for much of the game, McGinn is replaced by the youthful energy of Chukwuemeka in Villa's midfield.,0
ith Ramsey disappearing away from him on the break, Shelvey slides in to bring the young Villa midfielder down and is shown a yellow card.,2
Ollie WatkinsAston Villa · Striker #11There is also a change up front, as Watkins - who was so close to bringing the game level - comes off to be replaced by Ings.,0
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Striker #10With the clock ticking down, Steven Gerrard makes a couple of changes to the Villa side. First, Buendia makes way for the returning Bailey.,0
Watkins is sent sprawling by Burn, and the Newcastle debutant is somewhat harshly booked by the referee.,2
Kieran TrippierNewcastle · Defender #15Trippier is the second Newcastle full-back forced off by injury today, and the goalscorer makes way for Krafth early on in the second half.,0
Javier ManquilloNewcastle · Defender #19Still clearly limping, Manquillo makes way for Magpies stalwart Dummett at left-back.,0
fter a Villa attack breaks down on the edge of the area, an exposed McGinn finds himself forced into a lunging challenge and is inevitably booked.,2
s Villa attempt to counter through Digne, the back-tracking Joelinton tugs him back and receives his fifth booking of the season.,2
NEWCASTLE LEAD! Firing through the middle of Villa's disintegrating defensive wall, Trippier powers his 18-yard free-kick past Martinez via a deflection off Buendia. Newcastle didn't need the penalty after all - they go 1-0 up!,1
Antoine MakoumbouCagliari · Midfielder #29Cagliari also make a change as Deiola takes Makoumbou's place in midfield.,0
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Pioli withdraws Hernandez, who has done well on his return to the Milan team. Seventeen-year-old left-back Bartesaghi takes his place.,0
Substitute Oristanio is shown a yellow card after clattering Hernandez from behind inside Milan territory. Home captain Nandez is not pleased with that decision.,2
Samuel ChukwuezeMilan · Striker #21Just what Cagliari wanted to see at 3-1 down... Leao is also on, replacing the impressive Chukwueze.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Striker #11Romero is handed a Milan debut as the lively Pulisic is withdrawn by Pioli.,0
Andrea PetagnaCagliari · Striker #32Cagliari turn to their bench before the set-piece can be taken. Shomurodov takes Petagna's place up front.,0
sst: C. PulisicGOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL! LOFTUS-CHEEK MAKES IT 3-1 WITH A GREAT STRIKE! Pulisic finds fellow ex-Chelsea man Loftus-Cheek in space 25 yards out, and the Englishman steadies himself before drilling a brilliant effort beyond the despairing dive of Radunovic and into the bottom-left corner. It's a goal worthy of settling any game, and Cagliari have a mountain to climb now!,1
Tijjani ReijndersMilan · Midfielder #14The lively Reijnders is also withdrawn as Musah enters the action.,0
Yacine AdliMilan · Midfielder #7Pioli is turning to his bench to make a double change. Pobega takes Adli's place in midfield.,0
Zappa catches Pulisic with his studs near the touchline and goes into the referee's book.,2
oftus-Cheek is booked for bringing Luvumbo down as the Cagliari goalscorer looked to break towards the area. The hosts have a free-kick within shooting range, around 25 yards from goal...,2
Mateusz WieteskaCagliari · Defender #23Ranieri has turned to his bench after seeing Cagliari fall behind. Oristanio is on for Wieteska in a forward-thinking change.,0
GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL! TOMORI PUTS MILAN 2-1 UP! The Rossoneri work the resulting corner beautifully to complete the turnaround! Adli fires the set-piece back to Reijnders, who takes a great touch to reach the byline before driving the ball across the goal line. Radunovic is beaten as Tomori turns it in with his thigh! Milan were behind five minutes ago, now they lead!,1
Wieteska picks up the first yellow card of the game following a foul on halfway.,2
GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! OKAFOR EQUALISES FOR MILAN! It's a poor error from Radunovic, and Milan are back on level terms! Pulisic skips past Zappa before crossing low from the left, and Radunovic inexplicably spills it under no pressure. It drops to Okafor, who sits Radunovic down by rolling his studs over the ball before hammering into an unguarded net. 1-1!,1
Asst: N. NándezGOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLL! CAGLIARI LEAD 1-0! The home crowd erupts as Luvumbo takes Nandez' flick in his stride, cutting inside from the right side of the area before powering an unstoppable effort past Sportiello! Milan have controlled this game, but Cagliari lead against the run of play!,1
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Jimenez, who again has failed to score against Palace, is brought off for youngster Silva.,0
ED CARD! After checking the VAR screen, referee Atkinson sends Milivojevic off for his right-footed lunge on Moutinho near the halfway line!,3
Michy BatshuayiCrystal Palace · Striker #23Batshuayi, who had a goal disallowed in the first half, is subbed off for Benteke.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Midfielder #10Podence, scorer of the second goal, is brought off for Traore.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Midfielder #7Neto, who assisted the second goal, is substituted off for Moutinho.,0
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Striker #10Ayew comes on, after recovering from coronavirus, and will replace Townsend as Hodgson looks to chase the game.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp is the first change of the night as he is replaced by the more attacking option of Eze.,0
Zaha is booked for both arguing with the assistant and then squaring up with Ait-Nouri.,2
an Aanholt clips Neto's heel and then drags the Wolves forward down to stop the counter-attack and is rightfully cautioned by the referee.,2
Asst: P. NetoGOALLLL!!! 2-0 WOLVES! Podence volleys home with his left from inside the area to make it two. Jimenez played in Neto, who has tons of time to get his head up and find Podence at the back post to volley home through the legs of Guaita.,1
OALLLLL! 1-0 WOLVES! Ait-Nouri scores on debut with a left-footed strike across goal from the corner of the area! Podence had initially found room on the right before Kouyate’s headed clearance fell to the feet of Ait-Nouri on the left.,1
Almiron catches Foden with a late lunge clearly borne out of desperation, and the Newcastle substitute collects a late yellow card for the challenge.,2
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9Haaland has led the line superbly in a dominant, if goalless, display, and the usually free-scoring striker is replaced by Julian Alvarez for the final throes of the game.,0
Sven BotmanNewcastle · Defender #4Botman can't continue after picking up the injury which left him down on the deck to deflect Haaland's shot, and Emil Krafth replaces Newcastle's latest casualty in defence.,0
Jérémy DokuMan City · Midfielder #11Doku comes off having run Newcastle ragged at times, and he's replaced by Oscar Bobb, who Magpies fans will remember all too well after his 91st-minute winner at St. James' Park in January.,0
Sean LongstaffNewcastle · Midfielder #36A like-for-like change coming in central midfield for the Magpies, with Longstaff off and his fellow academy product Lewis Miley on.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Another Newcastle academy player comes on in Elliot Anderson, who takes Willock's place in midfield.,0
Anthony GordonNewcastle · Striker #10Newcastle make a four-way change mid-way through this second half, with Miguel Almiron on for Gordon in the first of them.,0
Dan BurnNewcastle · Defender #33Burn is replaced at left wing-back too, with Lewis Hall on in his place to provide a different prospect in attack.,0
Asst: R. DiasGOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!!! Silva at the double for City!! Dias arrives in the final third as City set up camp on the edge of Newcastle's box. He passes wide to an in-space Silva, who cuts inside two defenders and hits a left-footed shot goalwards, which takes a nick off Botman to wrong-foot Dubravka and find the back of the net!!! Two relatively straight-forward goals for the Citizens, albeit via deflections, and it's not taken long for them to establish a 2-0 lead and total control of this game!,1
oku drops a shoulder to take himself between two challenges and into the Newcastle half, but he's hauled down from behind by Lascelles before he can do any damage in the final third! The Magpies' captain is booked, and now has to lead the defending of this City free-kick.,2
char slides in late on Haaland and leaves the Norwegian down on the deck in his own half. The referee plays advantage with City still in possession, but comes back to book the Magpies defender for the challenge!,2
Asst: RodriGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! City lead in the quarter-final!! The hosts move the ball quickly in and around Newcastle's box, before Rodri finds Silva in space to his right. The Portuguese playmaker dribbles into the box and shoots, with the ball taking a big deflection off Burn and looping over Dubravka's head into the far corner!! A stroke of luck perhaps, but City have been firmly in the driving seat thus far and now have a 1-0 lead to show for it!,1
El-Arabi picks up a late yellow card for a cynical foul on Tolisso inside the visitors’ defensive third.,2
Mady CamaraOlympiacos · Midfielder #4Olympiacos make their last substitution as Randjelovic replaces Camara.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Kovac makes his final change of the match as Muller makes way for Perisic. It remains 3-2.,0
sst: M. LoveraGOAL! Olympiacos pull one back! After receiving the ball from Lovera, Guilherme’s effort from range deflects off the arm of Thiago before sailing beyond Neuer and into the bottom right corner. 3-2.,1
Giorgos MasourasOlympiacos · Midfielder #19The hosts make their second substitution with Guerrero replacing Masouras for the final 11 minutes.,0
GOAL! Tolisso makes it three for Bayern! After some net link-up play between Gnabry and Coutinho down the left, the Brazilian’s left-footed effort deflects into the path of Tolisso. The Frenchman sets himself before curling a well-struck effort into the top left corner from the edge of the box. 3-1.,1
hiago skips beyond Semedo on the halfway line and the Olympiacos defender is shown a yellow card for that cynical foul on the Spaniard.,2
euer goes into the book for dissent after a coming together between Kimmich and Podence following a short corner.,2
Andreas BouchalakisOlympiacos · Midfielder #5Martins’ makes his first change of the game as Lovera comes onto the field place of Bouchalakis. There are just over 20 minutes of normal time left to play.,0
sst: T. MüllerGOAL! Lewandowski puts Bayern ahead! Coutinho’s corner from the left is nodded down by Muller, and Lewandowski is alert to turn the ball beyond Sa from just a few yards out. After being reviewed by VAR for a potential offside, the goal stands. 2-1.,1
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Bayern are forced into making their first change of the match as the injured Hernandez is replaced by Boateng. It remains 1-1.,0
hiago is the first player to receive a yellow card after catching Camara with a late challenge in the centre of the park. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2
Javi MartínezBayern · Midfielder #8Bayern make one change at the break with Tolisso coming on to replace Martinez.,0
OAL! Bayern are level! Following Martinez’s cross from the right, Lewandowski nods the ball down for Muller who sees his right-footed effort parried away by Sa. The Polish striker is quickest to react and fires the rebound into the roof of the net from the centre of the box. 1-1.,1
Asst: K. TsimikasGOAL! Olympiacos take the lead! Podence floats a wonderful cross-field pass over to the left for Masouras, who sets Tsimikas away down the line. The full-back floats the ball in towards El-Arabi, whose far-post header is deemed to have crossed the line by goal-line technology. 1-0.,1
Mohammed KudusWest Ham · Midfielder #14Johnson replaces Kudus in the final few minutes of the match.,0
Emerson PalmieriWest Ham · Defender #33Moyes makes a late change to shore up his defence, with Ogbonna replacing Emerson.,0
Asst: J. BowenGOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 3-1 WEST HAM! Everton have an opportunity from a corner, but Garner's delivery is headed away. It falls into the path of Garner again, but his wayward pass is intercepted by Bowen and the Hammers counterattack. Alvarez makes a bursting run to the left and Bowen finds him, and the Mexican midfielder dinks it over Pickford and it's in the back of the net!,1
Abdoulaye DoucouréEverton · Midfielder #16Dyche rolls the dice as Everton look to find an equaliser. Young striker Chermiti replaces Doucoure.,0
Dwight McNeilEverton · Midfielder #7McNeil's game is over, and he's replaced by Dobbin.,0
ickford has his name taken by the referee shortly after West Ham's goal.,2
Soucek receives a yellow card for taking his shirt off during his celebration.,2
Asst: M. KudusGOOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-1 WEST HAM!! Have the Hammers found a winner? The ball comes to Kudus on the left-hand side of the box, and he delivers into the penalty area. It comes to Soucek at the back post, and he produces a sensational outside-of-the-foot strike into the top corner, leaving Pickford with no chance!,1
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #10Moyes makes an attacking change for West Ham, with Antonio coming off the bench. He replaces Paqueta for the Hammers.,0
Jack HarrisonEverton · Midfielder #11Dyche makes another alteration, with Harrison coming off. Gomes enters the fray to replace him.,0
BetoEverton · Striker #14Dyche makes a change in attack, and it's a straight swap in the striker position. Beto, who opened the scoring for Everton, is replaced by Calvert-Lewin.,0
James Ward-ProwseWest Ham · Midfielder #7Moyes makes the first change of the game and it's an alteration in midfield. Ward-Prowse heads to the bench, and Phillips comes on to replace him.,0
sst: J. Ward-ProwseGOOAAAALLL!! 1-1!! WEST HAM EQUALISE! Kudus finds himself in space outside the Everton penalty area and he strikes towards goal, but Tarkowski blocks his effort and it's behind for a corner. Ward-Prowse is standing over it and he whips a dangerous cross into the middle, and Zouma rises above Godfrey to head into the top corner!,1
Asst: J. GarnerGOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 EVERTON!! Garner drives down the right-hand side and West Ham fail to pressure him, and he gets it out of his feet before delivering into the box. It's a superb cross and Beto is unmarked in the penalty area. He heads towards goal, and it flies into the back of the net, leaving Areola with no chance!,1
Bournemouth are threatening to counter, and Chilwell clips Kluivert to stop that from happening. He picks up a late yellow card.,2
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10The hosts' final change sees Brooks come on for Christie.,0
Enzo FernándezChelsea · Midfielder #8And Fernandez takes his time leaving the field as Maatsen comes on in his place.,0
Levi ColwillChelsea · Defender #26Chelsea are making a double change now. Colwill is the first to go off, with Chilwell on for him.,0
luivert makes another darting run towards the box, and Disasi slides in and kicks his legs out from under him. He gets a yellow card, and Bournemouth have a free-kick in the D.,2
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16Bournemouth are making a double change. Tavernier is the first to go off, and Sinisterra is on in his place as he makes his debut for the Cherries.,0
Milos KerkezBournemouth · Defender #3Kerkez, who is on a booking, also goes off for Senesi.,0
Mykhailo MudrykChelsea · Midfielder #10Both sides are making a change here, starting with Chelsea. Mudryk is taken off, with Palmer on for him.,0
erkez has his arms around Sterling as he tries to stop him from spinning in behind. They go down in a tangle, and the left-back is booked for the challenge.,2
Mudryk's first touch is heavy and he takes out Aarons as he tries to keep it alive. He goes into the referee's book.,2
olanke is surging forward on the counter and Sterling slides in to cynically bring him down. He picks up an early yellow card.,2
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Striker #49Maguire is on for Garnacho as Ten Hag looks to shore up the backline and see the final minutes out.,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21New signing Sabitzer is on for his debut, replacing Antony.,0
Asst: C. DoucouréGOAL!!! Palace pull a goal back! A corner is not dealt with by the hosts, and the ball ends up finding itself at the feet of Schlupp, who finishes with the outside of his boot and makes the scoreline 2-1 to United.,1
He is off!!! Marriner flashes his red card to Casemiro, who put his hand around the throat of Hughes during that struggle between the two sets of players. United will have to see out the rest of this game a man down.,3
Schlupp is booked for his challenge on Antony that led to that altercation.,2
GOAL!!! It is that man again, as Rashford continues his red-hot run of form to double United's lead. Shaw crosses into the box, and Rashford sidefoots brilliantly into the back of the net past Guaita to make it 2-0 to the hosts!,1
Wout WeghorstMan United · Striker #27Weghorst, who came so close to adding a second for United, makes way for Garnacho.,0
enalty GoalGOAL!!! Fernandes makes no mistake to give United the lead! He staggers his run-up, before coolly stroking into the bottom left corner, sending Guaita the wrong way and putting the hosts 1-0 up!,1
Dzeko uses all his nous to lure Tressoldi into a desperate challenge from behind, and the Sassuolo defender is deservedly booked.,2
Gian Marco FerrariSassuolo · Defender #13Sassuolo take captain Ferrari off, as Tressoldi comes on for the final few minutes.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Perhaps with next week's trip to Camp Nou in mind, Inzaghi takes off Barella; Gagliardini is the man thrown on to help secure all three points.,0
Martin ErlićSassuolo · Defender #28In search of another equaliser, Dionisi makes a double change. First, Erlic is replaced by Ayhan in the back four.,0
Davide FrattesiSassuolo · Midfielder #16Goalscorer Frattesi is sacrificed, as Alvarez comes on to help Pinamonti up front.,0
sst: H. MkhitaryanINTER BACK IN FRONT! It's goal 101 in Serie A for Dzeko, as just seconds after Inter are denied their second goal by a miraculous save, the Nerazzurri go 2-1 ahead! A cross from the left by substitute Mkhitaryan finds Dzeko unmarked in the six-yard box, and the Bosnian striker powers home his second goal of the game with his head.,1
nly on the pitch a matter of moments, substitute Harroui is perhaps harshly booked for clipping Barella in midfield.,2
Emil Konradsen CeideSassuolo · Striker #15Antiste is brought on by the hosts, too, as Ceide's shift comes to an early end.,0
Kristian ThorstvedtSassuolo · Midfielder #42Dionisi decides that fresh legs in midfield are required, so Thorstvedt makes way for Harroui.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32A change on Inter's left flank sees Dimarco replaced by Darmian.,0
Asst: RogérioSASSUOLO EQUALISE! It's been coming! The Neroverdi haul themselves back onto level terms, as Frattesi arrives in the six-yard box to volley home a wicked left-wing cross from Rogerio! Onana has no chance, as the Italy international leaves his markers for dead and turns the ball in from close range.,1
Danilo D'AmbrosioInter · Defender #33As is his preference, Inzaghi quickly withdraws D'Ambrosio after being booked; Skriniar will replace him in the Inter back three.,0
Lauriente has clearly been assigned as the Sassuolo danger man, as D'Ambrosio opts to bring him down by raking his studs across the winger's heel - that's a booking for the Inter skipper.,2
Kristjan AsllaniInter · Midfielder #14Inzaghi makes a substitution in midfield, as Asllani makes way for Mkhitaryan.,0
sst: D. DumfriesINTER LEAD! Having survived a couple of scares, the Nerazzurri go 1-0 up! After a corner, Dumfries sends a cross into the six-yard box, and with the Sassuolo defence unable to react, the ball bounces into Dzeko's path; the veteran striker needs no invitation to fire a low volley past Consigli!,1
Ferrari fails to live up to his name, and in danger of being outpaced by Inter veteran Dzeko, he hauls the striker back and is subsequently yellow-carded.,2
For a clear pull on Ceide's shirt, as the Sassuolo forward escapes towards the final third, Asllani receives the game's first booking.,2
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Mount comes on for Rashford as the Red Devils look to see out the closing minutes at Bramall Lane.,0
Jonny EvansMan United · Defender #35Evans stays down after the foul on Archer, meaning Ten Hag must send on Varane as his replacement.,0
Evans is the first Manchester United player to be shown a yellow card after hacking Archer down on the left wing.,2
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28Manchester City loanee McAtee is brought off for Osborn.,0
Asst: V. LindelöfGOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! 2-1 MANCHESTER UNITED! The Red Devils have their breakthrough and it comes from an unlikely source. Lindelof works a pass inside from the left flank to Dalot, who curls a right-footed strike into the top-right corner from outside the area. Foderingham got a hand on the effort but failed to keep it out!,1
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Garnacho is the third part of a triple change as Antony makes way.,0
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39Eriksen replaces McTominay, too, as the Red Devils shuffle their midfield.,0
Rasmus HøjlundMan United · Striker #11Hojlund's frustrating outing is over as Ten Hag sends Martial on up top.,0
Souza is the third Sheffield United name to go into the book after a late and ugly sliding lunge on Antony, who stays down clutching his ankle after a hefty challenge.,2
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9McBurnie, who scored the first-half equaliser, is limping around and has to come off for Brewster.,0
rusty joins Thomas in the book after jumping to block Rashford from taking a quick throw-in on the left flank. That was avoidable for the centre-back, who will now need to be careful on a yellow card.,2
Thomas drags down Antony as the winger races away down the right flank. Unsurprisingly, the full-back is shown a yellow card for his cynical intervention.,2
enalty GoalGOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-1 AS SHEFFIELD UNITED HIT BACK IMMEDIATELY! McBurnie hovers over the spot-kick from 12 yards before hammering a right-footed strike in off the right post. Onana dives the right way but cannot stop the forward's thunderous effort from cannoning off the woodwork and into the back of the net!,1
Asst: B. FernandesGOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! It's McTominay, the two-goal hero against Brentford, who strikes again! Lindelof works an offload inside to Fernandes, who loops a pass from the edge of the area into the box. McTominay races onto the high ball, chesting down before rifling a right-footed volley into the bottom-right corner. Foderingham is unmoved as Sheffield United fall behind.,1
Beraldo was responsible for the foul that led to Fermin's ire. He took Kounde out with a high, late challenge, and he also goes into the book.,2
The yellow card is out again. Lopez is booked for dissent as he complains about a foul on Kounde.,2
Zaire-Emery skips away from two Barcelona players before getting the better of Christensen too. The substitute clumsily brings him down, and it's another costly booking for the visitors as he will also miss the second leg.,2
İlkay GündoğanBarcelona · Midfielder #22And Barcelona's final roll of the dice sees Fermin coming on in place of Gundogan for the last few minutes.,0
Fabián RuizPSG · Midfielder #8Both sides are making another change here. Enrique is bringing on another attacking option as Ramos replaces Fabian.,0
Cubarsi has his arms wrapped around Zaire-Emery's waist to drag him back, and the defender can have no complaints as he's shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: İ. GündoğanCHRISTENSEN SCORES! With his first touch since coming on, Christensen puts Barcelona back in front! PSG are all over the place on a corner once more as Gundogan swings it into the box, and Donnarumma is static on his line. Christensen doesn't even have to jump in the six-yard box as he meets it and thumps his header past the goalkeeper. 3-2 Barca!,1
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #11And Raphinha won't be able to get his hat-trick here as he goes off for Torres.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21There's another double change coming for Barcelona here. Christensen, who is also returning from injury, comes on to replace De Jong.,0
Vitinha caught Joao Felix with a high boot as he tried to stop him from getting past. He's the first PSG player into the referee's book.,2
Asst: PedriRAPHINHA SCORES AGAIN! Barcelona are back on level terms! The visitors cut out a loose clearance by PSG, and Pedri is straight into the action as he plays a wonderful ball over the top of the back line. Raphinha peels away from Beraldo to meet it, hitting it with the outside of his left boot to slot an outstanding finish past Donnarumma. 2-2!,1
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Midfielder #20And Roberto, who is on a booking, hands the captain's armband onto Ter Stegen as he's replaced by Pedri, who makes his return from a thigh injury.,0
Lamine YamalBarcelona · Striker #27And there's a double change for Barcelona as well. Yamal's game comes to an early end as Joao Felix replaces him.,0
Lee Kang-inPSG · Midfielder #19Both sides are making changes now, starting with PSG. Lee, who hasn't been quite as influential in the second half, goes off for Zaire-Emery.,0
Asst: F. RuizVITINHA SCORES! What a turnaround by PSG at the start of the second half! It's well worked down the right by the hosts, and Fabian plays a perfectly weighted pass into the box for Vitinha to latch onto. He keeps his cool as Cubarsi slides in and fizzes a low shot into the far bottom corner. Just like that, it's 2-1 PSG!,1
DEMBELE EQUALISES! And what a goal it is! Dembele threads it down the left of the box for Mbappe, but his pull-back is half-cleared by Araujo. Fabian puts enough pressure on Roberto to make his clearance uncomfortable, and he gifts it to Dembele. He rifles a powerful shot into the top corner before Ter Stegen can react, and he pulls PSG level with his former club. 1-1!,1
Marco AsensioPSG · Striker #11There's a change at the break for PSG as they look to try and get back into this game. Asensio, who was the only player starting today who also began the league game on Sunday, goes off for Barcola.,0
RAPHINHA SCORES! Barcelona take the lead! Donnarumma hasn't looked steady in the PSG goal today, and he rushes out to get a hand to Yamal's low cross. He only gets fingertips to it, and Raphinha is unmarked on the left of the box, leaving him with an empty net. He curls a pacy shot into the box, that skims Beraldo's head on the way in. 1-0 Barca!,1
Roberto races back to stop Asensio from getting away through the middle and brings him down with a late tackle from behind. He knows he's in trouble as soon as he does it, and this booking means that he'll miss the second leg.,2
Djibril SidibéEverton · Midfielder #19Sidibe, who claimed an assist for what looks like being the winning goal, is replaced by Walcott late on.,0
Jack CorkBurnley · Midfielder #4Burnley boss Dyche brings on Long for Cork in his final roll of the dice.,0
RicharlisonEverton · Striker #7Richarlison is replaced by Davies for the closing stages of the match, with Everton looking to protect their one-goal lead.,0
sst: D. SidibéGOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! EVERTON 1-0 BURNLEY!! Calvert-Lewin gives Ancelotti lift-off with a superb diving header! Sigurdsson wins back possession out wide and Sidibe's cross is met by the head of Calvert-Lewin, who guides it in via the post.,1
BernardEverton · Midfielder #20Kean, who has had his struggles since joining from Juventus, comes on for Bernard in Everton's first change.,0
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9Wood has not been 100-per-cent fit and is replaced by Barnes for the final 15 minutes or so.,0
Robbie BradyBurnley · Midfielder #12Brady is replaced by the returning Gudmundsson in the first change of the contest.,0
Florian FleckerLASK · Midfielder #29And the goalscorer, Flecker, is replaced by Ba.,0
Rene RennerLASK · Midfielder #7LASK are making a late double change here. Renner is the first to go off, with Bello on in his place.,0
Asst: D. NúñezSALAH SCORES! Renner is caught on the ball by Nunez, and he drags it away from the wing-back before squaring it to Salah on the right of the box. It looks like the angle is going to be against him, but he slots his shot through Lawal's legs and into the far bottom corner. 3-1 Liverpool!,1
Ibrahima KonatéLiverpool · Defender #5Liverpool's final change sees Matip brought on for Konate.,0
Felix LuckenederLASK · Defender #33LASK's third change sees Darboe come on in place of Luckeneder.,0
Ryan GravenberchLiverpool · Midfielder #38Gravenberch goes straight off the pitch, and Salah comes on to replace him.,0
Elias HavelLASK · Striker #24LASK are making a double attacking change here as they look to get back into this game. Havel is the first to go off, with Mustapha on for him.,0
Marin LjubičićLASK · Striker #9And Ljubicic is also making way for Kone.,0
sst: R. GravenberchDIAZ SCORES! Liverpool have turned this game around! The visitors break quickly, with Nunez bringing down the long ball and helping it out to Elliott. He knocks it out to Gravenberch on the right, and he fizzes a low cross into the middle for Diaz, who just deftly flicks it past Lawal into the back of the net. 2-1 Liverpool!,1
Stefan BajčetićLiverpool · Defender #43And Gomez also comes on in place of Bajcetic.,0
Wataru EndōLiverpool · Midfielder #3Endo is also taken off, with Mac Allister replacing him.,0
Ben DoakLiverpool · Striker #50Liverpool are making a triple change as they look to capitalise on their momentum. Doak is the first to go off, with Szoboszlai on for him.,0
enalty GoalNUNEZ SCORES! It's a confident penalty from the Uruguayan as he fires it down the left of the goal. Lawal dives the right way, but Nunez got enough height on the strike to take it over him and into the back of the net. 1-1!,1
iereis is protesting his innocence, but he didn't get anywhere near the ball and was late with the challenge on Diaz.,2
Another yellow card is shown here as Zulj crashed into Tsimikas to stop Liverpool's counter.,2
A third name goes into the referee's book in as many minutes. It's Bajcetic on the receiving end as he sticks out a leg to trip Renner.,2
The yellow card is out again, this time for Havel, who raced across to clip the back of Bajcetic's heels.,2
onate isn't happy that a few decisions have gone against him, and he's making that frustration clear to the referee. He's booked for dissent.,2
Asst: S. HorvathFLECKER SCORES! The resulting corner is taken by Horvath and floated straight out to the edge of the box where Flecker is completely unmarked. He controls it with a lovely first touch before firing a shot on goal. It's a wonderful strike that's rifled straight through the crowd in the box, and Kelleher can't get close to it. 1-0 LASK!,1
Leonardo SpinazzolaRoma · Midfielder #37Celik comes on for Spinazzola as the Roma player was one yellow card away from suspension.,0
Santiago GiménezFeyenoord · Striker #29Gimenez makes way as Lopez now spearheads the Feyenoord attack.,0
Alireza JahanbakhshFeyenoord · Striker #7Danilo comes on for Jahanbakhsh on the right side of the Feyenoord attack.,0
Oussama IdrissiFeyenoord · Striker #26Paixao replaces Idrissi on the left wing for Feyenoord.,0
Tammy AbrahamRoma · Striker #9Belotti comes on for Abraham to lead the Roma attack. This is the second change Mourinho has had to make because of an injury.,0
Asst: O. IdrissiWHAT A GOAL!! 1-0 FEYENOORD!! WIEFFER!! Wieffer gives Feyenoord the lead with a stunning volley from outside of the box! Idrissi beats Zalewski on the wing and crosses the ball to the midfielder. Wieffer strikes it into the ground and it bounces into the bottom left corner.,1
Szymanski goes into the referee's book after fouling El Shaarawy from behind.,2
Paulo DybalaRoma · Midfielder #21El Shaarawy replaces Dybala on the right wing for Roma.,0
Wieffer receives the first booking of the match after fouling Dybala just outside the box.,2
João GomesWolves · Midfielder #8Another change for Wolves. Doherty comes on for Gomes for the final few minutes,,0
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Midfielder #3Wolves make a late change straight after the goal. Ait-Nouri is replaced by Hugo Bueno.,0
sst: M. MudrykGOALLL! CHELSEA GET ONE BACK! Could this start an unlikely comeback for the Blues? Mudryk's inswinging corner from the left is inviting, with Silva flicking his header across the goal and into the net. Wolves lead 4-2.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR CUNHA! 4-1 WOLVES! That should confirm the win for Wolves, who have been excellent against a poor Chelsea side. Cunha keeps his composure and rolls the spot-kick down the right side of the goal, sending Petrovic the other way. The Blues haven't created anything noteworthy since Sterling's opportunity at the start of the half and Wolves have taken full advantage. There will be plenty of questions for Pochettino after this display.,1
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Defender #21Chilwell is also coming off. He is replaced by Badiashile. Pochettino is trying to delay the penalty to try and distract Cunha.,0
Malo GustoChelsea · Defender #27Gusto is taken off immediately after conceding a penalty and is replaced by academy graduate Gilchrist.,0
Chilwell slides through Doyle and goes into the book. The left-back has struggled in the last two Premier League matches.,2
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Neto is given a huge round of applause from the away fans as he makes his way off the pitch. He created Wolves second goal and assisted the third. He is replaced by Bellegarde.,0
Pablo SarabiaWolves · Midfielder #21Wolves also make a straight swap in the midfield, with Doyle coming on for Sarabia.,0
Christopher NkunkuChelsea · Striker #18Nkunku hasn't been able to make an impact in Chelsea's attack after scoring off the bench against Liverpool and is now coming off for Chukwuemeka.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #7Sterling had a huge opportunity to level the score earlier in the second half but drilled his low shot wide. He is replaced in the attack by the speedy Mudryk.,0
Asst: P. NetoGOALLLL! CUNHA SCORES AGAIN! 3-1! The visitors double their lead and are now in control. Fernández tries to intercept a pass on the right but inadvertently sends it down the wing to Neto, who darts forward and gets to the byline. He cuts it across to Cunha, with the forward rushing into the box to get to the ball before Gallagher to blast in his effort from close range.,1
Moisés CaicedoChelsea · Midfielder #25Pochettino has seen enough and has decided to make an attacking change. Jackson is back from the Africa Cup of Nations and replaces Caicedo.,0
Sarabia is pulled to the floor by Caicedo and wins a free-kick in almost the same position as moments before.,2
eto is shown a yellow card for a late tackle on Chilwell just outside Chelsea's box. He protests the foul immediately after the whistle is blown and goes into the book.,2
Semedo is the first Wolves player to go into the book for time wasting.,2
Gusto trips Cunha on the outside of the box on the left and gives away a free-kick.,2
Asst: J. GomesGOALLL! WOLVES ARE LEVEL! 1-1! Gomes wins possession just inside Chelsea's half and rolls the ball down the left for Cunha. The Brazilian cuts inside just outside the box and looks for a shot with his right foot. The ball takes a deflection off Silva and goes into the net.,1
Asst: M. CaicedoGOALLL! PALMER SCORES! 1-0 CHELSEA! The hosts are ahead through a regular source! Fernández has possession on the left and he sends a pass inside to Gallagher, who offloads it to Caicedo. The former Brighton man then slides a pass down the right side of the box to Palmer, who calmly dispatches his low effort into the bottom left-corner.,1
Adam IdahNorwich City · Striker #35After putting in an impressive shift up front, Idah is taken off and Rowe is offered a brief cameo from the bench.,0
No stranger to the referee's notebook, Gallagher picks up his customary yellow card for an ill-timed tackle on Gilmour in midfield.,2
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Vieira clearly will not settle for one point, and the first substitution of a double change sees Mateta withdrawn for Edouard up front.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp is the other man to make way, offering Eze at least 10 minutes to make a decisive impact.,0
Anticipating a challenge from Gunn deep inside the penalty area, Mateta topples to the ground without receiving contact, and the referee decides to book the big striker for simulation.,2
Pierre Lees-MelouNorwich City · Midfielder #20Smith makes another change, as Lees-Melou comes off to make way for Normann, who receives a warm reception from the home fans.,0
Michael OliseCrystal Palace · Striker #7Having impressed intermittently, Olise is withdrawn by Crystal Palace, and Ayew makes his return to the side.,0
Przemysław PłachetaNorwich City · Midfielder #11Norwich quickly respond to their recent capitulation, as Placheta makes way for Gilmour in midfield.,0
Asst: M. OliseSUPER STRIKE! Zaha scores the equaliser! Olise switches play to the left, and with Placheta backing off, Zaha drops his shoulder and unfurls an unstoppable strike into the far right corner of the goal. Gunn had no chance: Norwich 1-1 Crystal Palace!,1
Catching Olise from behind with a mistimed challenge, Williams becomes the first player booked today.,2
Asst: A. IdahNORWICH OFF TO A FLYER! After an excellent by Rashica, young Idah neatly lays the ball off to his Norwich strike partner Pukki, who places the ball into the back of the net. After less than a minute, the hosts lead 1-0!,1
udelj fouls De Jong to give Barca a free-kick deep in the Sevilla half, earning a booking, but Messi's cross is headed clear and Pique is penalised for a foul.,2
Joan JordánSevilla · Midfielder #8Torres is also introduced in place of Jordan, his last action that optimistic attempt.,0
Luuk de JongSevilla · Striker #9Two more Sevilla changes. There is a change in attack with Fernandez replacing number nine De Jong, the goalscorer.,0
Ivan RakitićSevilla · Midfielder #10Rakitic has been influential against his former side but could not get a goal. Gudelj replaces him.,0
janic quickly goes into the book as he has three bites at El Haddadi before the Sevilla substitute goes down.,2
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18It is a debut for Dest! Alba had been sat on the pitch indicating an issue, and the former Ajax man, who can play on either side of the defence, is introduced.,0
Philippe CoutinhoBarcelona · Midfielder #14It is another Barca double-change. Coutinho makes way for Pjanic, which should give the Blaugrana a little more control in midfield.,0
Lucas OcamposSevilla · Striker #5Ocampos' withdrawal comes as a slight surprise. Julen Lopetegui seemingly wants fresh legs and goes for En-Nesyri.,0
SusoSevilla · Striker #7Sevilla also make two changes. Suso has threatened on occasion but makes way for El Haddadi.,0
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Midfielder #22Pedri is also on for Barca, with Fati making way, unable to extend his scoring run.,0
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Midfielder #7A double Barca change. Griezmann is off for Trincao.,0
GOOAAALLLL!!! COUTINHO! 1-1! That did not take long! Barca quickly level as Coutinho picks out the top-right corner after a lovely move. It is a relatively simple finish in the end as Alba squares to the Brazilian from Messi's beautiful lofted pass.,1
OOAAALLLL!!! DE JONG! 1-0 Sevilla! Barca concede for the first time this season! Sevilla go with the same corner routine they used earlier in the match and Suso beats Fati before crossing towards Kounde. The defender gets up and challenges for the ball, which drops for De Jong to slam high past Neto.,1
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah makes way in the final change for Liverpool, with Gravenberch on in his place.,0
No surprise, but that is a booking for Elliott after he joins the Liverpool supporters who have made the trip down. The Reds have turned this one around superbly.,2
Asst: M. SalahGOAL! LIVERPOOL SEIZE A LATE LEAD! 2-1! Smash-and-grab hysteria from the Reds as Robertson sinks an almighty one-two play to put his side in front! Sa botches a kick straight to the defender, who plays Salah down the right, before the forward cuts the ball back in for the former to finish at close-range!,1
Jarell Amorin QuansahLiverpool · Defender #78Liverpool make their fourth change, with Quansah replaced by Konate.,0
Mario LeminaWolves · Midfielder #5The hosts also make their fifth change, with Traore on for Lemina.,0
Jeanricner BellegardeWolves · Midfielder #27Wolves make their fourth change, with Bellegarde ending his debut and Doyle on in his place.,0
Semedo picks up the latest booking of the game now. Things are getting a little testy out there.,2
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Defender #3Wolves make a third change with the injured Ait-Nouri off and Bueno on in his place.,0
Matheus CunhaWolves · Striker #12The hosts make a second change too, with Cunha replaced by Silva.,0
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Midfielder #11Wolves make their first change now, as goalscorer Hwang is replaced by Doherty.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20The Reds make a third change too, bringing on Elliott for Jota.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18It is Gakpo's last act too, as Liverpool make their second change of the game. He is replaced by Nunez.,0
Asst: M. SalahGOAL! LIVERPOOL LEVEL THINGS UP! 1-1! The equaliser felt more likely than a second for Wolves, and so it tells. Salah cuts a path around the right edge of the box, and tips the low ball through, with Gakpo there to tuck home at the left post. Game on!,1
Alexis Mac AllisterLiverpool · Midfielder #10Liverpool make one change ahead of the restart, with the booked Mac Allister replaced by Diaz.,0
Asst: P. NetoGOAL! WOLVES SEIZE THE LEAD! 1-0! Just like that, Molineux erupts! The hosts turn defence into attack and break down the left flank. Neto snakes his way through a line of defenders, and squares across the six-yard area to find Hwang, who pushes it in at the far post!,1
An early booking at Molineux, with Mac Allister cited four minutes in. He misplaces a pass, picked off by the Wolves midfield, and is then shown a yellow card for bringing down Cunha.,2
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Milner comes on for Jones in Liverpool's final substitution.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah is replaced by Elliott who faces his old side.,0
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #27More changes for Liverpool as Jota comes on for Nunez.,0
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20James comes on for Willian in Fulham's last throw of the dice.,0
Carlos ViníciusFulham · Striker #30Fulham make a double change as Solomon replaces Vinicius.,0
Saša LukićFulham · Midfielder #28Reed is the second of three changes, and he comes on in place of Lukic.,0
Harry WilsonFulham · Midfielder #8Fulham make their first change of the match, Kebano replaces Wilson.,0
Luis DíazLiverpool · Striker #23Gakpo comes on for Diaz in a double change.,0
Konstantinos TsimikasLiverpool · Defender #21First change for Liverpool, Tsimikas is replaced by Robertson.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! Salah slams the penalty straight down the middle and Liverpool take the lead!,1
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Fourth change for Barcelona now, and Raphinha is making his displeasure with going off clear when he gets to the bench. Torre replaces him.,0
Enes ÜnalGetafe · Striker #10Final two changes for Getafe now. Unal isn't happy that his game is over, but he's replaced by Villar.,0
Damián SuárezGetafe · Defender #22And Alvarez is also brought on in place of Suarez.,0
Munir El HaddadiGetafe · Midfielder #17And El Haddadi is also making way, with Alena replacing him.,0
Nemanja MaksimovićGetafe · Midfielder #20It's the hosts' turn to make a double change here. Makisimovic is the first to go off, with Algobia on for him.,0
Franck KessiéBarcelona · Midfielder #19Barcelona are making a change of their own now, and it's a double one. Kessie goes off first, with Fati replacing him.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18And Alba is also making way, which will mean a move to left-back for Balde. Torres is on in his place.,0
Juan IglesiasGetafe · Defender #21Getafe are making their first change of the game here, and it's Iglesias that's taken off, with Portu on for him.,0
Suarez leaves the ball behind and when he backtracks, stretching to regain possession, he steps on Gavi's foot. He's booked for the challenge.,2
Alderete accidentally catches Lewandowski in the back of the head with his elbow during an aerial challenge and picks up a booking.,2
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20Roberto makes his way straight off the field with the medical team, and Garcia is coming on to replace him.,0
Gavi has his arms around Unal waist as he tries to tug him back and clumsily brings him down to earn a very early yellow card.,2
A Reading break down the right wing requires an industrial response from Malacia, who is duly booked for his troubles.,2
Lucas JoãoReading · Striker #9Long completes the raft of Reading changes as he takes the spot of Lucas Joao.,0
Jeff HendrickReading · Midfielder #8Reading also introduce Craig in place of Hendrick.,0
Joe LumleyReading · Goalkeeper #1In something of a surprise change, Reading replace their goalkeeper now and bring on Bouzanis for Lumley.,0
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18The hosts also introduce Mainoo for Casemiro, with an ovation for the double goalscorer.,0
Wout WeghorstMan United · Striker #27Despite that goal, United make more changes, with Elanga on for Weghorst.,0
Asst: T. InceGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 3-1 READING! Oh, that is a poor one to concede for the hosts. The Royals have a surprise corner, and Ince skims it in where Mbengue nods home a free header.,1
Junior HoilettReading · Defender #23Mbengue is on for Hoilett in Reading's latest change too.,0
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #8The hosts also bring on Pellistri for Fernandes.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10With victory almost certainly secure now, United make the changes too, with Garnacho on for Rashford.,0
Asst: B. FernandesGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 3-0 READING! It's a party for the Brazilian contingent at Old Trafford, as Fred bags a goal of his own too. The hosts play a short corner, Fernandes lays it flat to the midfielder, and he flicks a back-heel in at the near-post. Sublime!,1
hings have gone from bad to worse for Reading now, as they drop to 10 men! Casemiro is cleaned out by Carroll and it is a second yellow for the forward, who heads straight down the tunnel. It is not the former England international's finest moment.,3
Mamadou LoumReading · Midfielder #22Fornah replaces Loum now for Reading's first change of the game. This might be beyond them now.,0
arroll put a cruncher on Eriksen shortly before the opener and now his latest challenge is too much for the referee, who shows him a yellow card.,2
Asst: FredGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 READING! It's a Casemiro double! After a free-kick aimed for Maguire is defended out, Fred lays a short ball to the midfielder who slices a gorgeous shot through the air and in at the far post. What a delight!,1
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14United back up that goal with their first change of the game, bringing on Fred for Eriksen.,0
Asst: AntonyGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 READING! They won't be chalking that one off! Casemiro opens up the account for the day, latching onto Antony's superb throughball before a scoop finish beats the keeper. The hosts hit the front.,1
Benteke picks up a yellow card after he led with his elbow as he battled Schar for a ball in the air.,2
Matt RitchieNewcastle · Defender #11That poor cross will be Ritchie's last action as he's replaced by Atsu.,0
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Andros Townsend is now withdrawn to the applause of the away support as he's replaced by Kouyate.,0
enalty GoalGOOOALLLL! PALACE TAKE THE LATE LEAD! Milivojevic stepped up coolly from the spot, and slotted his right-footed shot into the back of the net, as he so frequently does! Surely that's won it for Palace! Newcastle United 0-1 Crystal Palace,1
Hayden is the first Newcastle player to pick up a yellow card.,2
Ki Sung-yuengNewcastle · Midfielder #4Ki makes way for Jonjo Shelvey who receives thunderous applause from the home supporters as he enters the pitch.,0
James TomkinsCrystal Palace · Defender #5Scott Dann will be the replacement for the injured Tomkins.,0
Florian LejeuneNewcastle · Defender #20Dummett will be the player that replaces Lejuene for Newcastle.,0
Michy BatshuayiCrystal Palace · Striker #23As mentioned at half-time, Benteke is indeed brought on for Batshuayi.,0
Kelly commits a heavy foul just outside the penalty area and Newcastle will have another set-piece before the half-time whistle.,2
CHOUPO-MOTING SCORES! There was an excellent bit of goalkeeping just before the goal, with Riemann making a triple save, first to deny Muller before smothering two attempts from Choupo-Moting at his near post. The forward gets it back again though and this time, he volleys his shot under the keeper and into the far corner. 7-0 Bayern! ,1
Miloš PantovićVfL Bochum · Midfielder #27Bochum are making another change now as Pantovic goes off for Antwi-Adjej.,0
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Final change for Bayern now as Kouassi comes on in place of Kimmich.,0
Robert LewandowskiBayern · Striker #9Fourth change for Bayern now as Nagelsmann brings on Choupo-Moting to replace Lewandowski.,0
sst: L. GoretzkaKIMMICH SCORES! Seconds after Ganvoula thought he'd pulled one back, Kimmich makes it 6-0! He started the move on the edge of the box by picking out Gnabry, who chipped it up for Goretzka. He nods it down for Kimmich, who is one-on-one with Riemann, and he turns it in off the inside of the post.,1
Josip StanišićBayern · Defender #44And Stanisic is also making way, with Sarr on for him.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Bayern are making a double change now, with Sane going off to be replaced by Sabotzer.,0
EWANDOWSKI SCORES! Sane saw another shot well saved by Riemann, and Bayern won it back quickly to keep the attack alive. Sane drifted out to the right to get on Gnarby's throughball before fizzing a low ball into the box which is deflected to Lewandowski, who's left with a simple tap-in from very close range. 5-0 Bayern! ,1
Elvis RexhbecajVfL Bochum · Midfielder #20Rexhbecaj is also going off, with Lowen on to replace him.,0
Sebastian PolterVfL Bochum · Striker #40There's a triple change here for Bochum and Polter, who has struggled to get into the game, is the first to go off, with Ganvoula on for him.,0
Kostas StafylidisVfL Bochum · Defender #16And Stafylidis, who is on a booking, is also making way, with Bockhorn on in his place.,0
Stanisic slides in to try and win the ball off Soares but ends up catching the left-back which results in him being shown a yellow card.,2
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Nagelsmann is making a change at the start of the second half, with Davies not coming back out onto the pitch. Richard is on in his place. ,0
Stafylidis has his arms wrapped around Davies as he drags the left-back away from the ball and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: T. MüllerGNABRY SCORES! Bayern break on the counter, and Gnabry times his run perfectly to stay onside and get on the end of Muller's throughball. He cuts inside from the right before fizzing a low shot across goal, under Riemann and into the bottom corner. 3-0 Bayern! ,1
sst: L. SanéKIMMICH SCORES! It's a good play from Bayern, with Kimmich being picked out perfectly by Sane from the left. He had so much space near the penalty spot to spin and hit the shot on goal, but a big deflection off Bella-Kotchap lifts it over the diving Riemann and into the back of the net. 2-0 Bayern! ,1
SANE SCORES! Gnabry was clipped by Losilla just outside the box and Sane steps up to take the free-kick. He curls it through an unorganised wall and it creeps in low at the near post, out of reach of the stretching Riemann. The goalkeeper is furious with his wall, while Bayern are off celebrating. 1-0 Bayern! ,1
ickford collects a booking from referee Jonathan Moss for time-wasting.,2
Demarai GrayEverton · Midfielder #11Having made a significant impact on the game, Gray is now replaced by Gomes in the Everton midfield.,0
Jakub ModerBrighton · Midfielder #15Moder is now withdrawn and young Richards is on in his place.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9That's the end of Calvert-Lewin's participation, as Iwobi comes on to replace him - supporting Richarlison up front.,0
icharlison is the second man into the referee's book in short order. With his temper running hot at the moment, the Brazilian appears to be something of a ticking timebomb!,2
fter a few close calls today, Bissouma is finally booked for a reckless foul.,2
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Potter immediately responds to his side's growing deficit; hauling off Lallana and throwing on Welbeck in his place.,0
enalty GoalGOAL! Calvert-Lewin ignores the claims of Richarlison, who clearly wanted the penalty for himself, to fire his spot-kick low and hard past Sanchez into the left side of the net. Everton are now 2-0 ahead!,1
Alexis Mac AllisterBrighton · Midfielder #10Mac Allister has struggled to make an impact and is the victim of Potter's reshuffle, as Veltman comes on to replace him.,0
Asst: AllanEVERTON GO IN FRONT! This time, there is no denying Gray, who sprints clear on the left and takes advantage of Webster's failure to close him down - shooting hard an low beneath Sanchez in the Brighton goal. Hardly a deserved advantage for the visitors just before half-time, but their threat had certainly been growing. EVERTON LEAD 1-0!,1
Asst: N. KebanoDE CORDOVA-REID SCORES! Fulham have a late consolation! Kebano has a lot of space down the left, and he clips a cross into the far post to pick out De Cordova-Reid, who nods it past Pope from close range. 4-1!,1
Fabian SchärNewcastle · Defender #5Schar is also taken off, with Lascelles on to replace him.,0
Dan BurnNewcastle · Defender #33Newcastle's final changes are all being made now. Burn is the first to go off, with Targett on for him.,0
Daniel JamesFulham · Midfielder #21Final change for Fulham now and it's James that's going off for Kebano.,0
Callum WilsonNewcastle · Striker #9That was Wilson's last involvement in the game, with Fraser coming on to replace him.,0
Bruno GuimarãesNewcastle · Midfielder #39Newcastle are making their first change following their latest goal. Guimaraes goes off, with Anderson on to replace him.,0
Asst: J. WillockALMIRON SCORES! It comes down Newcastle's left again, with Murphy picking out Willock's run ahead of him. He plays a dangerous low cross into the six-yard box and Almiron is waiting at the far post to poke it over the line. 4-0 Newcastle!,1
eed has his pocket picked by Willock, and he tries to make up for it. He drags Wilson back by the arm, and he can have no arguments with the yellow card.,2
Kevin MbabuFulham · Defender #27Fulham are also going to use this window to make another change. Mbabu is also taken off, with Cairney on to replace him.,0
Layvin KurzawaFulham · Defender #3Kurzawa went down again and his full debut is coming to an early end as he makes way for Diop.,0
LONGSTAFF SCORES! Fulham are all over the place defensively on a corner again, and Newcastle make them pay. Botman has a free header at the back and Leno gets fingertips to it to tip it onto the post. Longstaff reacts quickest and fires it past Leno before he can react. 3-0 Newcastle!,1
Aleksandar MitrovićFulham · Striker #9Mitrovic does make his way straight off the field after his treatment, and Vinicius is on to replace him.,0
Asst: B. GuimarãesWHAT A GOAL! Newcastle's patient play pays off and it's Guimaraes that clips the ball over the top to pick out Almiron's run. He watches it drop over his shoulder and swings a leg at it, volleying his shot over Leno and into the far bottom corner. 2-0 Newcastle!,1
sst: J. WillockWILSON SCORES! It's another great delivery from Trippier on the right side as he curls it into the far post. It's too high for Almiron, but Willock nods it back across goal. He was trying to score himself, but it needed the touch from Wilson at the far post to help it over the line. 1-0 Newcastle!,1
CHALOBAH IS OFF! VAR had a long look at the replays before the referee went over himself. He took his time looking at the replays before coming to his decision, and the original yellow card is overturned, and Fulham are down to 10 men just eight minutes in!,3
ono reacts to the late challenge by shoving Morata and is duly booked.,2
Thomas ParteyAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Morata replaces Partey, with the aim of holding the ball for the visitors upfield.,0
Enis BardhiLevante · Midfielder #10Bardhi is withdrawn for Hernani for the home side.,0
Diego CostaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Herrera replaces Costa to add an extra body to the Atletico midfield.,0
Sergio LeónLevante · Striker #7Mayoral comes on to replace Leon in the final third.,0
Nikola VukčevićLevante · Midfielder #17Campana is on for Vukcevic in the middle of the park.,0
CokeLevante · Defender #23Coke comes on for the hosts and is replaced by Morales.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21On comes Joao Felix to replace Carrasco in the final third.,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Gimenez comes on to replace Hermoso in the Atletico backline.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Striker #14Llorente is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Correa.,0
Vukcevic catches Costa in their aerial battle and is booked by the referee.,2
Luis SuárezBarcelona · Striker #9Wague comes on to replace Suarez for the closing stages.,0
Julian WeiglDortmund · Midfielder #33Gotze is on for Dortmund to replace Weigl in the middle of the park.,0
Ivan RakitićBarcelona · Midfielder #4Vidal replaces Rakitic in the middle of the park for the home side.,0
sst: J. BrandtGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SANCHO SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 3-1!!! Dortmund may be going on to lose here, but Sancho gets a goal back with a brilliant strike. He latches on to Brandt's knockback on the edge of the box and with little back lift he powers a right-footed strike into the top-right corner. Ter Stegen was surprised by the effort, although there is nothing he could do to stop that. A scrapbook moment for the England man.,1
Łukasz PiszczekDortmund · Defender #26Zagadou is on for Piszczek down the right flank for Dortmund.,0
Guerreiro brings down Sergi Roberto on the charge down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
Asst: L. MessiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GRIEZMANN GETS HIS GOAL!!!!! 3-0 BARCELONA!!!! The Frenchman notches his first goal of the season the Champions League with a composed finish. Messi opens up the Dortmund defence with a throughball into the left inside channel. Griezmann gets behind Piszczek before striking first time into the bottom-right corner, leaving Burki no chance.,1
Messi weaves his way through the Dortmund defence, but sees his chance to shoot closed down by Burki. He goes down in the box as the keeper fails to gather the ball cleanly, only to see the referee book him for simulation.,2
Nico SchulzDortmund · Midfielder #14Sancho makes his way on to the field to replace Schulz at the break.,0
Asst: L. SuárezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MESSI IS CLINICAL IN THE FINAL THIRD!!! 2-0 BARCELONA!! Dortmund are the architects of their own downfall allowing Messi to strike. Hummels gives the ball away straight to De Jong, who finds Messi. The Argentine and Suarez combine with a neat one-two to allow the former to find space in the left inside channel. He fires his effort low past Burki and beyond the outstretched leg of Hummels covering on the line.,1
sst: L. MessiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SUAREZ SCORES THIS TIME!!!! BARCELONA 1-0!! Messi and Suarez are not to be denied a second time as the Argentine tees up his team-mate to dispatch his strike from close range. The ball falls kindly for Messi on the edge of the box and he plays a fine pass for the Uruguayan, who fires a low shot past Burki into the bottom-left corner.,1
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #11Dembele has to be withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Griezmann.,0
artey trips James in the middle of the park and goes into the book.,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Jovic replaces Benzema for the closing stages of the match.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Midfielder #7James replaces Hazard, who struggle to get into the game for Los Blancos this evening.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Felix is withdrawn from the contest for Llorente. Atletico are adjusting their shape for the final 20 minutes.,0
arane stands on Felix's heel in his attempt to win possession. The referee brandishes the yellow card against the Frenchman.,2
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Modric replaces Valverde for the visitors. The veteran midfielder might be able to conjure a moment of magic.,0
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Defender #12An attacking move by Simeone as he withdraws Lodi for Lemar.,0
VitoloAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #20Vitolo makes way for Correa at the break for Atletico.,0
acho catches Trippier on the boot and goes into the book for his loose challenge.,2
Zaccagni shimmies past Vidal and wins a promising free-kick 25 yards from goal. Vidal is booked for the trip.,2
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Perisic also heads off with Dimarco coming on.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Two more changes for Inter. The first sees Barella make way for Vidal in midfield.,0
Elseid HysajLazio · Defender #23Hysaj is replaced by Lazzari in defence. The Lazio defender managed to provide a fortuitous assist for the equaliser, but had to spend most of his game dealing with Inter's rampant attack.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries makes way after a lively performance with Darmian taking his place.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez also walks off with Dzeko taking his place up top.,0
Alexis SánchezInter · Striker #7Two changes for Inter now. The first sees Sanchez head off for Correa after a bright display.,0
Zaccagni put in a late foul on Barella to get shown a yellow card during the confusion.,2
Lazio earn two yellow cards in quick succession for different fouls. Initially, the referee thought both were committed by Radu and he decided to send the defender off with two yellow cards! But after taking a moment to compose himself, the referee awarded one card to Radu and one to Zaccagni. ,2
Toma BašićLazio · Midfielder #88Two changes for Lazio as they try and find a second equaliser. Basic is replaced by the more creative Luis Alberto in midfield.,0
Danilo CataldiLazio · Midfielder #32Cataldi also heads off with Lucas Leiva coming on.,0
Asst: A. BastoniGOALL! SKRINIAR! 2-1. The hosts regain the lead. Bastoni recovers a clearance and takes a touch before whipping in a cross towards the six-yard box. The delivery arcs perfectly towards Skriniar who arrives before Basic to crash a powerful header in off the underside of the bar!,1
Felipe AndersonLazio · Striker #7Anderson makes way for Zaccagni after a fairly quiet display on the right flank.,0
Basic cynically pulls Sanchez over and earns himself a yellow card.,2
uiz Felipe is shown a yellow card after crashing into Barella near the halfway line.,2
Asst: D. CataldiGOALL! IMMOBILE! 1-1. Lazio strike back quickly. Hysaj clips a routine pass over the top of the defence but Inter make a mess of it. Skriniar allows it to sail over his head and Handanovic arrives too late to stop Immobile from latching onto it and slotting into an empty net!,1
GOALLL! BASTONI! 1-0 Inter. The hosts finally have their breakthrough with a wonderful goal. Martinez's corner drops for Bastoni 25 yards from goal, and the defender takes a touch before whipping a brilliant low strike into the bottom corner past an unsighted Strakosha! ,1
epay is shown a late caution after scything Nacho down with an ugly and late sliding challenge inside the Madrid half.,2
Asst: M. DepayGOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! ATLETICO EQUALISE IN THE FINAL MINUTES! The visitors race over to the corner in celebration after a last-gasp leveller to make it 1-1 in Madrid. Savic is offered far too much room to progress forward before his hopeful cross is headed in the air by Depay. The ball loops upwards before Llorente, with the run on Nacho, rises the highest to nod past Lunin. The Madrid goalkeeper has no chance as the effort crashes in off the underside of his crossbar.,1
Jude BellinghamReal Madrid · Midfielder #5Bellingham’s game is over as Ancelotti sends on Ceballos for the final minutes in Madrid.,0
Barrios is the next Atletico player to be shown a yellow card after clipping the ankles of a marauding Modric.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Ancelotti opts to freshen things up in midfield. The experienced Modric comes on for Rodrygo, who dragged the Atletico defence all over the place in this derby-day clash.,0
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Striker #21That chance will be Diaz's last involvement as he makes way for Joselu. The Madrid forward's 20th-minute finish is still the difference here.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Simeone rolls the dice once more, introducing forward Correa for Koke. Atletico are rapidly running out of time to find an equaliser.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5As the final part of a triple change, young midfielder Barrios also comes on for World Cup winner De Paul.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Morata has offered little and his game is over. Atletico bring on Depay up top, replacing the Spain striker.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Simeone makes a triple change, the first of which sees Lino introduced for Saul. This will likely signal a change of formation for the visitors.,0
Rodrigo RiquelmeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #17Simeone wastes no time at the interval, sending on Molina for Riquelme.,0
A second Atletico caution comes in a matter of minutes as Hermoso foolishly drags back on Valverde. That cynical foul was always going to bring a yellow card.,2
aul slices Camavinga down with a sliding tackle, earning the game's first yellow card. The Atletico midfielder pleads his innocence but the referee is not interested.,2
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-O TO LOS BLANCOS! Atletico are furious in their appeals for offside, but those claims fall on deaf ears as the hosts open the scoring. Diaz attempts to slide a pass through for Bellingham before a deflection finds Vazquez, whose square cross is prodded away by Koke. However, the loose ball falls into the path of Diaz, who takes a few touches inside the Atletico area before prodding a right-footed finish past Oblak! The VAR checks Vazquez's position in the build-up phase before confirming the goal can stand.,1
Lucas DigneEverton · Defender #12Digne is withdrawn for Holgate at the back.,0
inks brings down Bernard on the charge on the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Érik LamelaTottenham · Midfielder #11Vinicius replaces Lamela in the final third for the visitors.,0
Matt DohertyTottenham · Defender #2Doherty is withdrawn for Sissoko on the right flank.,0
Asst: G. SigurðssonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BERNARD PRODUCES A SUBLIME FINISH!!!! 5-4 EVERTON!! The scoring continues into extra-time as Bernard scores a cracker. Sigurdsson starts the move with a sensational flick over the top of the Spurs defence into the left inside channel. Bernard times his run to perfection before blasting his effort past Lloris.,1
Kane is booked for a sliding challenge on Davies to stop an Everton counter.,2
Digne holds back Kane as he tries to surge upfield and goes into the book.,2
Alli goes into the book for diving in the box. There was no contact from Doucoure as he threw himself to the ground.,2
Asst: H. SonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KANE HEADS HOME!!!! 4-4!!!!! TOTTENHAM LEVEL THE SCORES!!!! Spurs are level with seven minutes to play as Kane converts with a diving header. Everton fail to clear their lines from a set-piece after another flap from Olsen. Doucoure clears off the line from Lamela, but the visitors keep the attack alive. Son weaves his way down the left flank and sends a low cross to the back post. Kane is predatory and dispatches his header into the net.,1
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Alli replaces Moura for the final 13 minutes of the game.,0
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Bernard replaces Iwobi for the home side in the final third.,0
sst: G. SigurðssonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! RICHARLISON PUTS EVERTON BACK IN FRONT!!!! 4-3!!! This incredible game takes another turn as the Brazilian notches his second goal. Sigurdsson sends an offload into the left inside channel and Richarlison wheels off the back of Sanchez. He holds his composure to fire across Lloris from a tight angle to find the bottom-right corner. A super finish.,1
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SANCHEZ LEVELS THE SCORES!!!! 3-3!!! The visitors are back in the game as Sanchez notches his second of the night. Alderweireld rises highest in the box from Son's corner and he flicks a header towards goal. Olsen makes the save, but Sanchez reacts first to the rebound and slots his effort home into an empty net.,1
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Coleman replaces the injured Calvert-Lewin. Richarlison will push into the middle of the attack, while Doucoure will shift forward. The Irishman looks to be slotting into a defensive midfield role.,0
Steven BergwijnTottenham · Midfielder #23Kane replaces Bergwijn in the final third for the visitors.,0
Sigurdsson pulls back Moura on the charge and goes into the book. The midfielder takes one for the team there.,2
Asst: H. SonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LAMELA GETS A GOAL BACK BEFORE THE BREAK!!!!! 3-2!!! Spurs respond to give themselves a lift before half-time. Lamela plays a one-two with Son, and the offload travels through Mina after the defender fails to make the interception. Lamela seizes on the opportunity and blasts a strike past Olsen from the left inside channel. Game on.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SIGURDSSON CONVERTS!!! 3-1!!!! Everton enjoy incredible spell of football, storming into a 3-1 lead as Sigurdsson scores from 12 yards. The midfielder is composed from the spot as he fakes out Lloris before placing his strike into the bottom-right corner.,1
sst: D. Calvert-LewinGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! EVERTON COMPLETE THE COMEBACK!!!!! RICHARLISON SCORES!!! 2-1!!!! The Toffees take the lead through a fine strike from the Brazilian. Richarlison has work to do after taking possession on the edge of the box. He places a powerful effort through the legs of Alderweireld and it travels beyond the reach of Lloris into the bottom-left corner.,1
sst: G. SigurðssonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CALVERT-LEWIN POWERS HOME AN EQUALISER!!!! 1-1!!! The home side are back in the game as Calvert-Lewin smashes his strike through Lloris. Hojbjerg gives possession away and Sigurdsson offloads into the path of Calvert-Lewin. The forward needs no invitation to blast an effort at goal on the half-volley. The power on his effort is too much for Lloris, who can only palm it into the back of the net.,1
sst: H. SonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SANCHEZ HEADS HOME!!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM!!!! The visitors are rewarded for their fast start as Sanchez directs his header home from close range. Son whips a corner in from the left flank and the defender rises highest in the box to plant his effort away from Olsen into the bottom-right corner.,1
Papu GómezAtalanta · Midfielder #10Last change for Atalanta now and Gomez is being replaced by Da Riva.,0
Ashley YoungInter · Midfielder #15Moses is also coming on as he replaces Young.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Another double change for Inter now as Eriksen is brought on for Barella.,0
Danilo D'AmbrosioInter · Midfielder #33Double change for Inter now and D'Ambrosio is the first to make way for Biraghi.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Bastoni also comes off, with Skriniar replacing him.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10First change for Inter now and Sanchez is coming on to replace Martinez.,0
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Midfielder #88Pasalic is also brought off with Muriel replacing him.,0
Timothy CastagneAtalanta · Midfielder #21There's a triple change for Atalanta now and Castagne is first to make way for Hateboer.,0
Brozovic is shown a yellow card for clipping the back of Gomez's heels.,2
artinez dribbles away from Toloi and the defender sticks out a leg to bring him down and stop his run which earns him a booking.,2
Djimsiti is shown a yellow card after sticking out a leg and bringing down Gagliardini.,2
e Vrij gets the first booking of the game after cutting off Gosens run and bringing him down on the left.,2
Asst: R. GagliardiniYOUNG SCORES! He cuts inside from the left and has a lot of space ahead of him just outside the box. HE decides to have a go from range and brilliantly curls his shot around Sportiello and into the bottom-right corner. 2-0 Inter! ,1
Pierluigi GolliniAtalanta · Goalkeeper #95That is the end of Gollini's game and Sportiello has come on to replace him.,0
Asst: A. YoungINTER HAVE AN EARLY LEAD! It's a good cross in from Young on the left and D'Ambrosio is unmarked in the middle of the box. Golini misses it so his header bounces into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Inter! ,1
Emil HolmAtalanta · Midfielder #3Atalanta's final change sees Zappacosta replacing Holm, who has picked up an injury, for the four minutes of stoppage time.,0
Hidemasa MoritaSporting · Midfielder #5For Sporting's final roll of the dice, Braganca comes on in place of Morita.,0
Gianluca ScamaccaAtalanta · Striker #90Atalanta's fourth change sees the goalscorer, Scamacca, taken off for Toure.,0
Aleksei MiranchukAtalanta · Striker #59And Miranchuk, who hasn't been as involved in the second half as he was in the first, is replaced by Koopmeiners.,0
Ademola LookmanAtalanta · Striker #11Atalanta's second change of the game is a double one. Lookman goes off for De Ketelaere.,0
PaulinhoSporting · Striker #20Sporting are making their fourth change of the game now, as Paulinho is taken off for Esgaio.,0
Djimsiti has both hands on Gyokeres as he drags him back, and the defender knows exactly what he's done. He walks away, not even waiting for the yellow card to come out of the referee's pocket.,2
Scalvini gets his studs caught in the bottom of Trincao's sock as he lunges in on the winger to bring him down. Just minutes after coming on, the defender goes into the referee's book.,2
Koba KoindrediSporting · Midfielder #80It's a triple swap for Sporting, and Amorim will be hoping this can inject something different into his team. Koindredi is the first to go off, with Hjulmand on for him.,0
Isak HienAtalanta · Defender #4There are changes for both sides at the break, starting with Atalanta. Hein, who was booked early on in the first half, is replaced by Scalvini.,0
Marcus EdwardsSporting · Midfielder #10And Gyokeres, Sporting's highest scorer in Europe this season, comes on for Edwards, who is also on a booking.,0
Ousmane DiomandeSporting · Defender #26Diomand is also making way for St. Juste.,0
Asst: A. MiranchukSCAMACCA EQUALISES! Sporting create all of their own problems again, and this time, Atalanta make them pay! It's a bad backpass from Coates to Israel, but the keeper rushes out to beat Lookman to it. His clearance goes straight to Miranchuk, who slides in Scamacca, and with the goalkeeper still in no man's land, the forward slots it neatly into the empty net. 1-1!,1
Edwards didn't get a free-kick that he wanted and after a quick complaint to the referee, he needlessly kicks out to trip Ederson. That is a foul, and the winger is booked for it.,2
Asst: F. TrincãoPAULINHO SCORES! For all of Atalanta's early possession, it's Sporting that take the lead! They win it back deep in their own half, and Trincao has so much space in midfield. He carries it over halfway before spotting Paulinho's bursting run down the left, and the striker takes it in stride before firing his low shot under Musso and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Sporting!,1
ien is the wrong side of Paulinho on the halfway line and trips him from behind when trying to get across to the ball. He's protesting his innocence but is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
James RodríguezEverton · Striker #19Everton make their final switch with Davies coming on to replace James.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Everton make their next change as Calvert-Lewin is replaced by Kean.,0
ojbjerg is shown a yellow card following a late challenge on Richarlison as he cut inside from the left wing.,2
Matt DohertyTottenham · Defender #2Tottenham are making their third switch with Ndombele coming on in place of Doherty.,0
André GomesEverton · Midfielder #21Everton make their first change as Sigurdsson comes on to replace Gomes.,0
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Tottenham are making their second switch of the game with Bergwijn entering the fray in place of Winks.,0
sst: L. DigneGOOOAL! Calvert-Lewin makes it 1-0 to Everton! Digne swings a sublime set-piece delivery into the box from the left flank, and it is met by the head of Calvert-Lewin who rises above both Dier and Alderweireld to steer a bullet header into the top left-hand corner.,1
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Tottenham are making one change at the interval with Sissoko coming on to replace Alli.,0
McCarthy goes into the book for a foul on Kovacic 25 yards from goal. It's in a central position and Willian will line up the strike.,2
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Gilmour comes on to the pitch for Mount.,0
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8McCarthy comes on for Kouyate for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #22Pulisic scores with his final touch as he makes way for Hudson-Odoi.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! PULISIC HEADS HOME!!!! 2-0!!!! Chelsea secure the vital second goal as the American converts from close range. He collects a long pass from Zouma out from the back and runs at the Palace backline. Pulisic offloads into the feet of Batshuayi, who turns and fires at goal. His effort is deflected towards the net and Pulisic pounces to race on to the loose ball to nod home.,1
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Abraham is withdrawn for Batshuayi in the final third.,0
sst: WillianGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ABRAHAM POUNCES!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!! The Blues take the lead as Abraham finishes with composure inside the box, placing his right-footed shot into the right-bottom corner. Willian steers a pass from Kante towards the run of the forward, who wheels off the back of his man. He collects and finishes the move by beating Guaita to notch his 11th goal of the campaign.,1
Joel WardCrystal Palace · Defender #2Kelly replaces Ward, who has to make way for the Eagles at right-back.,0
Kovacic brings down Townsend on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Emerson goes into the book for wiping out Townsend earlier in the Palace attacking move.,2
Zaha clips the ankles of Willian and goes into the book. Chelsea have another free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Willian takes one for the team for the home side as he bundles over Ayew on a counter down the right flank.,2
Phillips slides in wildly on Nelson as the winger collects a pass from Nketiah, as the West Ham midfielder gets none of the ball but does receive a late yellow card for the challenge.,2
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4White also comes off at right-back as Mikel Arteta's side round off their changes, with Cedric Soares on in his place.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Two more changes are also on the way for Arsenal, as the Premier League's youngest-ever player Ethan Nwaneri, 15 at the time of his debut in 2022, enters proceedings in place of Martinelli.,0
Emerson PalmieriWest Ham · Defender #33West Ham make another change as Aaron Cresswell comes on, replacing a limping Emerson at left-back for the final 15 minutes or so.,0
Kudus competes for the ball with Martinelli before losing out to the Arsenal wideman, clipping him late and earning the Ghanaian a yellow card for thus troubles.,2
Leandro TrossardArsenal · Striker #19Eddie Nketiah also comes on in Arsenal's second change, and he replaces another goalscorer in Trossard up front.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Saka's brace has been one of many highlights in this enigmatic Gunners performance, but he won't get the chance of a hat-trick as Reiss Nelson comes on to complete the triple change.,0
Declan RiceArsenal · Midfielder #41That ridiculous Rice finish will be his last action of the contest, coming off for Mohamed Elneny with the points firmly in the bag.,0
Asst: B. WhiteGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Number six for Arsenal, and that one will really sting for the West Ham faithful!! White arrives in the box to get on the end of Martinelli's dinked ball, and passes back to the edge of the area. Trossard and Odegaard both leave it, but Rice doesn't, smashing a first-time thunderbolt which fizzes beyond Areola and into the top-left corner!! A sensational finish not matched by the former Hammer's muted celebration, who adds insult to injury by making it 6-0.,1
sst: M. ØdegaardGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! A five-star performance yields goal number five for Arsenal!!! Odegaard finds Saka, who turns on the edge of the box and looks to shoot towards the far corner. Areola guesses that way too, but Saka leaves the goalkeeper helpless as he drills a low shot into the bottom-right corner for 5-0!!! The Gunners are back up and running in the second half, as the onslaught continues in east London.,1
Kurt ZoumaWest Ham · Defender #4Former Arsenal defender Konstantinos Mavropanos scored the Hammers' second in their 2-0 win five league games ago, but comes on Zouma in entirely different circumstances this time around.,0
Edson ÁlvarezWest Ham · Midfielder #19West Ham make a pair of half-time changes in a bid to turn their luck around in the second period, with the booked Alvarez replaced by Kalvin Phillips in the centre of midfield.,0
Asst: M. ØdegaardGOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!!! There's number four for Arsenal - how good is this from the Gunners!! They cut through West Ham with ease once more as Odegaard dribbles forward and finds Trossard in the box. He cuts onto his right foot and curls a beautiful shot towards goal, which Areola gets a hand to but can't keep out of the top corner!!! 4-0 now, and how many can Arsenal get at this rate?,1
sst: D. RiceGOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The Gunners are running away with this one!!! They win a free-kick on the left touchline which is arrowed into the box by Rice. Both Havertz and Gabriel attack it at the front post, and it's the Brazilian who gets the final touch to head beyond Areola at the near post!!! 3-0 to the visitors, who are running riot at the London Stadium!,1
enalty GoalGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Saka doubles Arsenal's lead!!! An excellent penalty, swept with power into the bottom-right corner and sending Areola the wrong way. Arsenal have hit another gear since going a goal up, and now lead 2-0 following an expert spot-kick from Saka!,1
Areola's shown a yellow card for that foul, with only the presence of Aguerd in the box preventing the colour of that card from being red.,2
sst: D. RiceGOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! Arsenal make a deserved breakthrough!!! Rice swings the corner into a crowded West Ham box, and Saliba climbs above the rest at the far post to nod a simple header in from close range!! You can't say it hasn't been coming, and the Gunners lead 1-0 to make their dominance count!,1
Areola's throw out from the collected corner is too long for Alvarez, but the Mexican chases on and slides in recklessly on Saka! He's shown a yellow card by the referee for that mistimed challenge, and Gabriel's not happy with Alvarez either.,2
Alexis SánchezInter · Striker #7Inter eat up the minutes with another late change, replacing Sanchez with Christian Eriksen.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Inter make their latest swap, taking off Bastoni for Danilo D'Ambrosio.,0
Rodrigo PalacioBologna · Striker #24The visitors also bring off Palacio and send on Edoardo Vergani.,0
Musa BarrowBologna · Midfielder #99Bologna make further changes as Barrow is replaced by Simone Rabbi.,0
The rain is still pouring down in Milan and Danilo gives away a free-kick on the edge of the Bologna box for a tug. Free-kick specialist territory here for Inter.,2
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9A cavalcade of changes now for Inter with that goal, as Lukaku makes way for Lautaro Martinez.,0
Achraf HakimiInter · Midfielder #2With a brace to his name, Hakimi has played his part too, with Matteo Darmian brought on by Inter for the final stretch.,0
Arturo VidalInter · Midfielder #22It is Vidal's last contribution too as Nicolo Barella arrives for the hosts.,0
sst: A. VidalGOAL! ACHRAF HAKIMI BAGS A BRACE! 3-1! An immediate response from Inter - and what a response! It's a daring solo run from the wing-back, in off the right flank from halfway, all the way to the edge of the box before cracking a finish past Skorupski. Superb!,1
Asst: R. SorianoGOAL! EMANUEL VIGNATO PULLS ONE BACK FOR BOLOGNA! 2-1! They won't get more simple than that for the substitute. Bologna bring a delivery back to earth inside the Inter box, square it from left to right and the 20-year-old is there to poke home. Game on.,1
aving seen Hickey get booked for fouling him before, Hakimi now is flashed the yellow card for a muddy challenge of his own.,2
Gary MedelBologna · Defender #17Nicolas Dominguez.has also been brought on by the visitors to replace Medel.,0
Aaron HickeyBologna · Midfielder #3It is also the end of Hickey's game, as the former Hearts man is replaced by Omari Khailoti.,0
Mattias SvanbergBologna · Midfielder #32It is Bologna who have blinked first and made some changes, as Svanberg is replaced by Emanuel Vignato.,0
ickey has a tug on Hakimi now as the pair chase a loose ball and, though the latter stands his ground, the referee still deems it worthy of a yellow card.,2
sst: M. BrozovićGOAL! ACHRAF HAKIMI DOUBLES INTER'S LEAD! 2-0! It's a lovely finish from the wing-back, bringing Brozovic's deep pass to earth on the edge of the box and slotting it neatly past Skorupski at the left post. Is that the knockout blow?,1
sst: I. PerišićGOAL! ROMELU LUKAKU HANDS INTER THE LEAD! 1-0! Lovely work from the hosts as a fast counter down the wing sees the Belgian found in the box. Danilo tries to head his powerful shot away, to no avail; it might almost be an own-goal as it rockets into the net.,1
ailly is yellow-carded for time-wasting in the closing stages of the game.,2
onaldo talks himself into the book after protesting to the referee about where he will drop the ball. A needless one for the Portuguese.,2
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #18Van de Beek replaces Fernandes for the closing stages of the game.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Lukaku replaces Werner for the closing stages of the game. Can the Belgian make an impact against his former club?,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Midfielder #20Pulisic enters the action to replace Hudson-Odoi. The American moves out to the right flank.,0
Marcos AlonsoChelsea · Midfielder #3Mount enters the action to replace Alonso. Tuchel is making an attacking move.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10Rashford is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced in the final third by Lingard.,0
Fernandes slides in with a late challenge on Thiago Silva and goes into the book.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JORGINHO CONVERTS!!! 1-1!!! The Italy international earns redemption for his mistake as he slots the spot-kick into the bottom-left corner. He does his traditional stutter-step run before sending De Gea the wrong way with a cool finish.,1
Jadon SanchoMan United · Striker #25Sancho appears to be struggling with a knock after scoring the opening goal. He is replaced by Ronaldo in the final third.,0
James brings down Rashford with a lunge and goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SANCHO SCORES ON THE COUNTER!!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!!!! The Red Devils take the lead as Jorginho makes a terrible mistake at the back and gifts Sancho a clear opening on goal. The forward holds his composure and opts to go for the strike himself despite the presence of Rashford. Sancho slots his strike past Mendy to hand United a surprise advantage in the contest.,1
Rashford brings down Chalobah with a lunge and goes into the book. He hands Chelsea a free-kick in a dangerous position in the process.,2
McTominay pulls back Alonso on the charge and goes into the book. ,2
Koni De WinterGenoa · Defender #4Genoa, fortunately, still have one substitution left and use it to get a goalkeeper on the pitch, with Leali in for De Winter.,0
OW MARTINEZ IS SENT OFF! INCREDIBLE SCENES! Martinez comes up for the corner-kick, looking to help his side level well past the 100th-minute mark but he lunges wildly at Tomori to try and prevent a clearance. The referee comes over and immediately shows the Genoa goalkeeper a second yellow!,3
Tomori is shown a late yellow card for protesting the decision, partially buying his side a little bit more time to regroup.,2
IT'S A RED CARD! MAIGNAN IS SENT OFF! The referee has two looks at the monitor and makes up his mind, coming back onto the pitch and giving Maignan his marching orders. The Milan goalkeeper will now be suspended for the Juventus match, while an outfielder will have to finish the game in goal as the visitors have already used all of their substitutions!,3
Luka JovićMilan · Striker #15Pioli makes a defensive change, sending Bartesaghi on for his third appearance in Serie A. Jovic is the man to come off, now that Milan have the advantage.,0
Ridgeciano HapsGenoa · Midfielder #55A late switch for Genoa sees Puscas sent on for Haps.,0
Asst: Y. MusahPULISIC’S FANTASTIC STRIKE COULD BE THE WINNER! 1-0! It’s a goal made in the United States, with Musah finding space on the right wing before crossing it in towards the penalty spot. Pulisic meets the delivery with a fantastic first touch that allows him to turn Bani, before slotting his half-volley past Martinez from close range!,1
artinez is shown a yellow card in the 86th minute for wasting time ahead of a goal-kick.,2
e Winter puts two arms around Pulisic to try and stop him from breaking free with the ball, prompting the referee to show the Genoa full-back a yellow card.,2
Ruslan MalinovskyiGenoa · Midfielder #17Malinovskiy also sees his number put up on the board, with Kutlu given an opportunity to impress.,0
Stefano SabelliGenoa · Midfielder #20Genoa make a change after 68 minutes, with Sabelli withdrawn for Ekuban.,0
Alessandro FlorenziMilan · Defender #42A straight swap at right-back sees Florenzi come off for Calabria.,0
Yacine AdliMilan · Midfielder #7Milan opt to play with two strikers, as it's Adli, and not Jovic, who makes way for Giroud.,0
dli is the latest Milan player to commit a foul in order to break up a counter-attack, jumping into a sliding tackle on Haps. It's a yellow card for the Rossoneri midfielder - the fourth of the game.,2
Musah leaves a trailing leg out and catches Vasquez, which prompts the referee to show the Milan midfielder a yellow card.,2
Samuel ChukwuezeMilan · Striker #21Chukwueze also makes way as Pulisic is introduced.,0
Noah OkaforMilan · Striker #17Leao comes on for Okafor in a half-time change for Milan.,0
Florenzi is the second Milan defender to be shown a yellow in quick succession, after his tug of Haps' shirt caused a Genoa counter-attack to end prematurely.,2
A cynical shoulder charge from Hernandez on Thorsby does not go unnoticed by the referee, who shows the Milan full-back a yellow card.,2
Udinese break down the middle through Ebosele, and Nicolussi Caviglia is booked as he hacks him down. Time is almost up for Juventus.,2
uccess makes a silly foul in midfield lunging for a lost ball now, and Juventus have a promising free-kick midway in the opposition half.,2
Andrea CambiasoJuventus · Midfielder #27Cerri replaces Cambiaso in a fourth change for Juventus.,0
Walace is the latest man in the book, this time for a foul on Nicolussi Caviglia.,2
Florian ThauvinUdinese · Midfielder #26Brenner takes the place of Thauvin as Udinese make their third change.,0
Lorenzo LuccaUdinese · Striker #17Lucca makes way for Success in a fourth Udinese change.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Nicolussi Caviglia takes Locatelli's spot in a third Bianconeri swap.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #7Iling-Junior replaces Chiesa as Juventus make a second change.,0
atti is booked for a clumsy tackle outside his own box and Udinese have a free-kick. The set-piece is soft though and of little danger to the hosts.,2
Jordan ZemuraUdinese · Midfielder #33Zemura meanwhile makes way for Ebosele as the visitors make a second swap.,0
Kingsley EhizibueUdinese · Midfielder #19Ferreira replaces Ehizibue now as Udinese make their first change of the game.,0
Timothy WeahJuventus · Midfielder #22Yildiz replaces Weah now, as Juventus make their first change of the game.,0
uddenly, Udinese are on the counter, and fly straight down the middle, sending alarm bells ringing. Bremer puts in the last-ditch body check on Samardzic and is booked for his efforts.,2
GOAL! UDINESE TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! A smash-and-grab set-piece finish of sorts, and the visitors are in front. With a free-kick on the right wing, Alex Sandro’s initial block falls straight to Giannetti, who bundles home at close range! That's a body blow for Juve!,1
Ehizibue will be on edge for the rest of this game now as he picks up an early booking, catching Chiesa with a heavy challenge.,2
Zaha catches Luiz late and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Striker #21Maybe one last throw of the dice from Villa as Wesley comes on in place of El Ghazi.,0
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Villa turn to the bench with Keinan Davis replacing Ramsey.,0
MITCHELL!!! 3-2 PALACE! They lead for the first time! Zaha's low cross is only half-cleared and Eze's scuffed volley bounces kindly for Mitchell, who arrives late at the far post to chest the ball past Martinez for his first senior Palace goal.,1
Asst: E. EzeZAHA!!! 2-2! The hosts are level again! Racing onto Eze's long ball down the line, Zaha cuts inside Konsa and his shot deflects off Elmohamady; wrong-footing Martinez and nestling in the back of the net.,1
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Striker #15Jack Grealish is given another runout by Smith as he replaces Traore.,0
cGinn goes into the book for a foul on Eze. That is his 10th yellow card of the season.,2
Asst: O. WatkinsEL GHAZI!!! 2-1 VILLA! What a response by the visitors! Kouyate's attempted clearance from McGinn's cross loops high into the air. Watkins gets their first to glance the ball across the area, where an unmarked El Ghazi sweeps past Butland.,1
Asst: T. MitchellBENTEKE!!! 1-1! Palace has equalised! The Belgian has his first goal against Villa as he towers above Hause to meet Mitchell's cross, and plant his header past the flat-footed Martinez.,1
cGINN!!! 1-0 VILLA! And they thoroughly deserve their lead! Elmohamady's cross is headed away by Cahill but only as far as McGinn, who beats Butland with a precise first-time finish in off the post from the edge of the box.,1
Leandro ParedesRoma · Midfielder #16Roma add another attacker as Azmoun replaces Paredes.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries is withdrawn down the right flank and is replaced by De Vrij. Darmian will kick out to wing-back.,0
Edoardo BoveRoma · Midfielder #52A change in approach from Romas as Belotti is on for Bove.,0
Stephan El ShaarawyRoma · Striker #92Aouar enters the action for Roma to replace El Shaarawy.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Dimarco is withdrawn after his assist and is replaced by Carlos Augusto.,0
sst: F. DimarcoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! THURAM BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!!!! 1-0 INTER!!!!!! Inter finally get their goal as Thuram is alert in the six-yard box to poke his effort past Patricio. Dimarco collects a pinpoint long ball from Asllani down the left flank and he sends a perfect low cross into the middle. Thuram makes the run and for once there is no Roma defender in sight to prevent him finding the net.,1
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Asllani enters the action for Calhanoglu in the Inter midfield.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Frattesi replaces Mkhitaryan for the closing stages of the game for the hosts.,0
Nicola ZalewskiRoma · Midfielder #59Celik replaces Zalewski for the visitors down the left flank.,0
ristante catches Calhanoglu with a stray arm in an aerial duel and goes into the book.,2
El Shaarawy turns away from Bastoni and draws a foul on the edge of the Inter box. The Italy international is booked for the challenge.,2
Calhanoglu slides in hard on Bove and catches the Roma man late. He goes into the book.,2
dicka goes into the book for a lunge on Thuram, handing the hosts a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Benjamin PavardInter · Defender #28Pavard had a tough first half and is now replaced by Darmian.,0
Pavard goes for an overhead kick to attack a cross from Dumfries, but he catches Bove with his boot. The France international is booked.,2
Mancini talks himself into a yellow card after appealing for a free-kick as Thuram bustled past Ndicka.,2
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Luiz's peach of a cross into the box resulted in the goal which currently separates the two sides, and the all-action Brazil midfielder is replaced by Leander Dendoncker.,0
Duje Ćaleta-CarSouthampton · Defender #6Caleta-Car is also brought off in an attacking change, and can Moussa Djenepo, who scored a beauty to knock Manchester City out of the EFL Cup, provide something similar late in this game?,0
Adam ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #9Armstrong has been once of Saints' brightest sparks so far, but comes off now for the club's new Croatian signing, Mislav Orsic.,0
Moreno is beaten on the spin by Walker-Peters, and proceeds to drag the Saints full-back down by his shirt, picking up the most textbook of textbook yellow cards that you'll ever see.,2
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Striker #31Bailey comes off next for Villa, who look to preserve their lead by bringing on defender Matty Cash.,0
Asst: D. LuizGOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! Villa get the breakthrough!!! Mara concedes a free-kick which is whipped in with venom by Luiz, and Watkins ghosts ahead of his marker to bury a superb downward header in the bottom corner, and the Villa fans behind that very goal go crazy! 1-0 to Villa after Saints have twice been denied an opener, and with less than 15 to go, can they hold on?,1
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Midfielder #10Off comes Buendia in Villa's first change of the game, and Philippe Coutinho will replace him.,0
uiz is shown a yellow card for dissent, having been the most vocal of the Villa players who surrounded the referee upon the ball hitting the net.,2
Samuel EdozieSouthampton · Midfielder #23Edozie has been really impressive in this game, but his afternoon is cut short by the introduction of Romain Perraud.,0
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Lavia also comes off, and he's replaced by Mohamed Elyounoussi.,0
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Saints boss Jones makes a triple change on the hour mark, with Adams first off for Sekou Mara to replace him up front.,0
yanco flies forward looking to press Villa back towards their own goal, but he follows through with a challenge which catches Mings very late, and the Saints defender receives the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: T. TillmanITTEN! 3-1! Greuther Furth pull one back. Tillman finds space down the right flank and whips in an inviting cross. Itten cleverly runs in between the centre-backs and heads the cross into the ground, across goal, and beyond Neuer from six yards!,1
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8In Bayern's second change of the double substitution, Musiala comes on for Goretzka.,0
Niklas SüleBayern · Defender #4Two more changes for Bayern: the first sees Sule make way for Stanisic.,0
Julian GreenFürth · Midfielder #37Green departs with Leweling taking his place on the wing.,0
Barry is booked after a foul on Gnabry to prevent a counter-attack.,2
Branimir HrgotaFürth · Striker #10Hrgota makes way for Itten in attack.,0
Sebastian GriesbeckFürth · Midfielder #22Griesbeck is replaced in midfield by Tillman.,0
Jetro WillemsFürth · Defender #15Willems walks off to be replaced by Barry in defence. ,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Muller makes way for Gnabry after an excellent performance that included the opening goal.,0
Abiama fouls Davies near the touchline and earns himself an immediate yellow card. ,2
Håvard NielsenFürth · Striker #16Nielsen is replaced by Abiama as Furth search for an injection of energy in attack.   ,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Sane makes way for Sabitzer as Bayern look to tighten up.,0
Viergever is shown a yellow card after a late challenge on Goretzka.,2
ed card for Bayern! Pavard is shown a straight red. Furth rip through Bayern with a series of rapid interchanges that send Dudziak through on goal. Pavard attempts to poke the ball away with a slide challenge but only brings down the Furth man, and after careful hesitation, the referee sends him off.,3
Sane mistimes his shot and accidentally kicks Mayerhofer. The referee shows him a yellow card as a result.  ,2
sst: L. SanéKIMMICH! 2-0! Bayern double their lead. An intricate passing sequence around the box ends with Sane laying it off to Kimmich 25 yards out. Kimmich curls a low, first-time effort that beats Burchert before nestling precisely in the far corner! ,1
Hrgota is shown a yellow card after bringing Davies down near the touchline.,2
MULLER! 1-0! Bayern take an early lead. Davies races away down the wing, before cutting it back across goal. The cross flicks off Bauer and perfectly into the path of Muller who side-foots a precise low finish off the post and in from 10 yards!,1
Asst: D.PereiraGOALLL! KOLO MUANI SCORES AGAIN! 9-0 PSG! Kolo Muani was quiet for most of the match when he was on the left, but has been lively up front. He bursts into the middle to get on the end of a pass from Pereira and goes around Garcia before scoring into an open net.,1
sst: K. MbappeGOALLL! NDOUR SCORES! 8-0 PSG! What a strike from Ndour. PSG are playing at a very relaxed pace, with Mbappe collecting possession on the edge of the box before casually laying it off to Ndour. He takes a touch out of his feet and curls a reverse shot into the top-left corner.,1
Pierre RitterRevel · Striker #11Ritter claps the crowd as he comes off the pitch and is greeted with a warm embrace from head coach Gine. Serre is given the last few minutes to try and prove himself against the Ligue 1 giants.,0
Asst: N. MukieleGOALLL! KOLO MUANI SCORES! 7-0 PSG! Another great move from PSG! Mukiele rushes down the right to get onto the end of a pass from Asensio and he surges towards the byline. He looks for Mbappe with a low cross, but it goes all the way over to Kolo Muani, who thumps it in from close range.,1
Maxime ZahilRevel · Striker #10Zahil scored in the last two rounds of the Coupe de France, but he couldn't add a third goal to his name against PSG. Rguig is now on.,0
Habib OuhafsaRevel · Defender #3There is an immense sense of pride from the Revel fans, with every player given a phenomenal reception as they make their way off the pitch. This time Vaysset is on for Ouhafsa.,0
Gonçalo RamosPSG · Striker #9Ramos' last touch before coming off was an emphatic penalty. He is replaced by 17-year-old Mayulu.,0
enalty GoalGOALLL! RAMOS SCORES! 6-0 PSG! Ramos won the penalty and takes responsibility from the spot. He takes a short run-up before thumping his effort into the top-left corner, with Garica diving the other way.,1
Pierre-Antoine PalaciosRevel · Midfielder #7Piovesan is also given the chance to make an impression on the big stage against PSG. Palacios is off.,0
Thomas CalmettesRevel · Midfielder #8Revel make their first change. Calmettes claps the fans and thumps the badge on his way off the pitch. He is replaced by Gregorio.,0
Lucas BeraldoPSG · Defender #3PSG make their first change. Beraldo had a quiet outing on the left side of the defence and is now being replaced by Ethan Mbappe, who will share the pitch with brother Kylian Mbappe.,0
sst: M. AsensioGOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR MBAPPE! 5-0 PSG! Mbappe and Ramos combine quickly down the wing before the ball rolls through to Asensio on the left side of the box. He could shoot but rolls it across to Mbappe, who taps his effort into an empty net.,1
sst: M. AsensioGOALLLL! MBAPPE SCORES! 4-0 PSG! Soler has possession just outside the box and he chips a pass into Asensio. The ball is a bit high for the midfielder, but he sends a clever flick across to Mbappe, who heads his effort into the top corner.,1
Asst: C. SolerGOALLL! ASENSIO SCORES! 3-0 PSG! That should be game over in the first half! Soler has possession in the middle of Revel's half, and he slots a throughball down the right and into the path of Asensio. He controls the ball well inside the box and curls a left-footed strike into the bottom-left corner.,1
sst: C. SolerGOALLL! MBAPPE SCORES! 1-0 PSG! The away side take the lead! Soler has possession just outside of the box on the left and he slots a pass to Mbappe. He takes a touch and rolls a low effort across the goal and into the bottom-left corner.,1
Declan RiceWest Ham · Midfielder #41Into the first of four added minutes here and Rice is being taken off by West Ham, with Benrahma on in his place.,0
Jason DenayerLyon · Defender #5There's a late change for Lyon here, as Denayer is taken off and replaced by Reine-Adelaide.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Second change for West Ham now, and Antonio's last involvement was winning that free-kick. Yarmolenko is on in his place.,0
Barcola is late with his challenge on Antonio, and he has his name taken by the referee.,2
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10West Ham are making their first change of the game. Noble is coming on to help them see out the win, with Lanzini going off.,0
Houssem AouarLyon · Midfielder #8During the stoppage, Lyon are making their third change. It's Aouar that's taken off, with Barcola replacing him.,0
Asst: P. FornalsBOWEN SCORES! It's a wonderful throughball from Fornals, who had dropped deep, and Bowen has a clear run through the middle. He drives into the box, with the Lyon defenders unable to close him down before he coolly slots it low past Pollersbeck and into the bottom corner. 3-0 West Ham!,1
Tanguy NdombeleLyon · Midfielder #28There's a double change for Lyon at the break as they try to get themselves back into this tie. Ndombele is taken off and replaced by Paqueta.,0
Romain FaivreLyon · Midfielder #15And Faivre also makes way, with Tete on in his place.,0
RICE SCORES! Gusto's clearance is cut out by Johnson, and he plays a one-two with Fornals to get away down the left. He squares it into the middle, and a deflection takes it to Rice on the edge of the box. He drills a low shot towards goal, and a small deflection off Lukeba's foot takes it over the diving Pollersbeck. 2-0 West Ham!,1
Asst: P. FornalsDAWSON SCORES! It's an inviting cross from Fornals on the corner and Dawson makes a darting, unmarked run through the middle to get to the near post. He thumps a header past Pollersbeck, who is static on his line, and it hits the back of the net. 1-0 West Ham!,1
Diop is dragged wide by Dembele, and he ends up stretching across the midfielder to try and in the ball. He catches the player and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
erma flies into a challenge on the back of Trossard and is shown a yellow card.,2
Harry WilsonBournemouth · Midfielder #22Bournemouth make their second change now and it's Cook that's coming on in place of Harry Wilson.,0
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Midfielder #9Howe makes his first change of the game now and it's Gosling that's coming on to replace Solanke.,0
MOOY PULLS ONE BACK! The ball isn't cleared by Bournemouth and it's headed to Mooy on the edge of the box. He brings it down and fires his shot off the inside of the right post and into the back of the net. VAR is having a look at it to see if there was a handball by the goalscorer, but it came off his hip and the goal stands. 3-1!,1
CALLUM WILSON SCORES! His first touch looks like the chance has gone as Ryan is coming off his line quickly to collect it. The forward gets there first though and takes it around the goalkeeper before sidefooting it into the back of the empty net. 3-0 Bournemouth!,1
BernardoBrighton · Defender #30Bernardo is also coming off with March on to replace him.,0
Pascal GroßBrighton · Striker #13The final change sees Trossard coming on in place of Gross.,0
Alireza JahanbakhshBrighton · Midfielder #16It's a triple substitution for Potter as he tries to get his side back in the game. Jahanbakhsh is the first to come off, with Connolly replacing him.,0
Asst: D. SolankeBOURNEMOUTH TAKE THE LEAD! Brighton had the chance to clear it, but Dunk heads it to Solanke who picks out Harry Wilson. He takes a touch before curling his effort around Ryan and into the far side of the net to end Bournemouth' four-match goal drought. 1-0!,1
Bernardo loses control of the ball and slides in to try and win it back from Harry Wilson but catches him late. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Toti is cautioned for a cynical foul on Ferguson near the halfway line and delaying the restart as Brighton look to up the tempo in the final minute or so.,2
Jack HinshelwoodBrighton · Defender #41De Zerbi makes a late change, throwing on former England Under-16 international Baker-Boaitey for the impressive Hinshelwood.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Neto's first start in the Premier League for Wolves since October 2023 comes to an end. The Portugal international is replaced by 20-year-old Chirewa, who makes his top-flight debut.,0
ubstitute Webster is next into the referee's book after shoving and then kicking Neto's ankle near the right-hand touchline. That was cynical from the Brighton defender.,2
It is poor defending from Kilman, who commits too early and wipes Joao Pedro out on the left flank. The Wolves centre-back is cautioned and the visitors will now have to defend a wide free-kick in an inviting position.,2
James MilnerBrighton · Midfielder #6Milner, in the game that saw him move second in the all-time Premier League appearances chart, comes off for Webster. The centre-back was De Zerbi's only change from the West Ham game, with Van Hecke taking his place but now lining up alongside him and Dunk at the back.,0
Pervis EstupiñánBrighton · Defender #30Estupinan has attempted 11 crosses in this game, some five more than the entire Wolves team combined. The left-back makes way for Lallana, however, as De Zerbi chases an opening goal.,0
Pablo SarabiaWolves · Midfielder #21O'Neil opts for fresh legs, sending on Bellegarde for Sarabia in what appears a defensive change. The substitute may provide some more cover as Wolves look to defend against Estupinan down their right-hand side.,0
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Striker #40As one teenager is introduced in Ferguson, another is withdrawn as Buonanotte makes way for Lamptey. The wing-back has not played since the end of November due to a muscle injury. Can he make the impact that Brighton so desperately need?,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18De Zerbi is the first manager to blink, bringing on teenage talisman Ferguson for the experienced Welbeck. The Brighton forward will partner Joao Pedro as the hosts search for an opener.,0
Having played advantage following Dawson's tackle in the build-up to Kilman hitting his own post, Pawson brings it back to caution the Wolves centre-back.,2
Cunha drops to his knees in protest after referee Pawson cautions the Wolves forward for another off-the-ball incident with Gilmour, who goes down after being pushed from behind when Neto has the ball on the left. That is twice in the first half the pair have clashed, yet this time the Brazilian is punished.,2
Milla is shown a second yellow card and is sent off after angrily protesting the referee's decision to award a free-kick against him.,3
sst: D. AlabaGOALL! HAZARD! 2-1. Madrid have turned it around! Alaba releases Hazard with a superb curling pass down the line and Werner rushes out of his goal. Hazard calmly rounds the goalkeeper on the edge of the box, before slotting a precise finish into the net from a tight angle from outside the box!,1
Asst: D. CeballosGOALL! ISCO! 1-1. Madrid equalise with 10 men! Casemiro drives to the byline and cuts it back to Ceballos. The attacker drills an effort at goal that flicks off Isco before rolling past a helpless Werner!,1
OALLL! VERDU! 1-0. Elche take the lead. Marcelo's red card results in a free-kick for the hosts on the edge of the box. Verdu steps up and hits the initial set-piece into the wall, before slamming the rebound into a crowd of bodies where it deflects off Casemiro to wrong-foot Lunin and roll into the bottom corner!,1
RED CARD! Marcelo is sent off. Elche hit Madrid on the break again as Mojica slips Morente clean through! Marcelo manages to trip the attacker before he can reach the box and the referee shows no hesitation in showing a red card.,3
Guido CarrilloElche · Striker #7Carrillo is replaced by Friaza after a wasteful evening in front of goal.,0
laba halts Milla with a trip on the edge of the box, presenting Elche with a promising free-kick.,2
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Kroos is replaced by Ceballos in midfield.,0
John NwankwoElche · Defender #26Donald is replaced by Verdu in defence.,0
Milla earns a yellow card for himself following an argument with Casemiro.,2
Lucas PérezElche · Striker #12Perez departs with Milla taking his place in attack.,0
Luka JovićReal Madrid · Striker #16Jovic is replaced by Isco after a disappointing performance up top.,0
roos trips Raul Guti as a Madrid move grinds to a halt. The Madrid midfielder protests so furiously to the referee that he earns himself a yellow card.,2
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde also heads off with Modric taking his place.,0
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #25Madrid look to take the pressure up a notch with a double substitution. The first sees Camavinga depart for Casemiro.,0
José Antonio Ferrández PomaresElche · Midfielder #17Josan is replaced by Morente on the right flank.,0
RED CARD! Danilo blocks off the run of Juwara and receives his second booking. The Brazilian is incredulous, but he has to make his way off the field.,3
Danilo brings down Juwara on the charge down the right flank and is booked by the referee.,2
Gary MedelBologna · Midfielder #5Poli comes on for Medel in the middle of the park.,0
Riccardo OrsoliniBologna · Midfielder #7Orsolini makes way for Juwara on the right flank.,0
Nicola SansoneBologna · Midfielder #10Cangiano replaces Sansone for the home side on the left flank.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Dybala is withdrawn after a vital contribution. Douglas Costa replaces the Argentine.,0
Roberto SorianoBologna · Midfielder #21Dominguez replaces Soriano for the home side in the final third.,0
Miralem PjanićJuventus · Midfielder #5Ramsey is on for the visitors to replace Pjanic.,0
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Sarri rotates his midfield as Rabiot comes off for Matuidi.,0
Bentancur pulls back Palacio on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Mattia De SciglioJuventus · Defender #2Danilo replaces De Sciglio for the visitors at left-back.,0
e Sciglio gets booked for dissent, while sitting on the ground. He was not happy with the referee about something, but has paid the penalty.,2
Mattias SvanbergBologna · Midfielder #32Palacio replaces Svanberg for the home side to bolster their options in the final third.,0
Asst: F. BernardeschiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DYBALA SCORES A STUNNER!!! 2-0!!!! The visitors double their advantage as the Argentine curls a brilliant strike past Skorupski. He collects an offload from Bernardeschi and turns Denswil with ease. Dybala hits his effort with power and curl away from the Bologna keeper into the top-right corner.,1
Soriano catches the ankle of Pjanic and goes into the book for his challenge.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! RONALDO CONVERTS! 1-0 JUVE! The Portuguese steps up from the spot and he sends his strike straight down the middle, with Skorupski diving to his right. The visitors have not been at their best, but they have the lead.,1
TALANTA GO DOWN TO 10 MEN!! Second-half substitute Toloi is sent off! He hauls back Sanchez midway through Atalanta's half and is immediately shown his second yellow card since arriving from the bench! Could that kill off La Dea's hopes of retrieving something from this match?,3
aving been beaten by Muriel's turn of pace in midfield, a falling Dumfries decides to haul his opponent back by the arm and is shown a yellow card.,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Asllani assumes Calhanoglu's deep-lying midfield role for the final few minutes.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Inzaghi's final substitutes are sent on: first, Sanchez replaces Martinez up front.,0
ent on to add some experience to La Dea's back line, substitute Toloi needlessly gets himself booked for dissent.,2
Ademola LookmanAtalanta · Midfielder #11Despite setting up La Dea's goal, Lookman is also withdrawn; Milan-owned De Ketelaere arrives on the scene - could he break Inter hearts here?,0
Teun KoopmeinersAtalanta · Striker #7Gasperini plays his final two cards. First, Koopmeiners makes way for super-sub Muriel.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Frattesi adds some fresh legs in place of veteran midfielder Mkhitaryan.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Inzaghi makes a double substitution; first, Dimarco makes way for Carlos Augusto on the left flank.,0
Giorgio ScalviniAtalanta · Defender #42Atalanta make a change at the back, as Toloi is introduced for Scalvini.,0
Asst: A. LookmanATALANTA HIT BACK! Soon after falling two goals behind, La Dea pull one back! After Lookman robs Dimarco of the ball on the right, his low pass to Scamacca is perfectly placed, and the big striker turns the ball home from near the penalty spot! It's now 2-1 to Inter, and there's everything to play for in this Lombardy derby!,1
Asst: H. MkhitaryanEL TORO STRIKES! An unstoppable shot by Martinez puts Inter 2-0 up! On the left side of the box, he receives Mkhitaryan's pass and cuts inside a little before hammering the ball past Musso and into the bottom-right corner! What a strike!! That's his 12th league goal of the season!,1
Sead KolašinacAtalanta · Defender #23Gasperini sees fit to make a couple of changes in pursuit of an equaliser. First, an attacking midfielder, Pasalic, is sent on for centre-back Kolasinac.,0
Davide ZappacostaAtalanta · Midfielder #77Hateboer replaces Zappacosta in a straight swap on the right flank.,0
Penalty GoalINTER LEAD! After setting up Darmian's chance that lead to the penalty, Calhanoglu steps up to coolly convert it! Though Musso dives the right way, he buries it in the bottom-left corner and Inter go 1-0 up in Bergamo! The home fans are furious, and Gasperini has been booked!,1
Not for the first time, Kolasinac is exposed, and his clumsy tackle on Thuram brings a booking. He'll have to be particularly careful for the remainder of this game.,2
Benjamin PavardInter · Defender #28Looking on dejectedly from behind Sommer's goal, Pavard admits defeat and is substituted due to injury. Darmian replaces him on the right side of Inter's back three.,0
Despite his animated protests, De Roon becomes the first player to see yellow today, for a foul on Calhanoglu near the touchline.,2
Callum WilsonNewcastle · Striker #9Wood has come on for Wilson for the final few minutes. The New Zealander will hope to grab a goal.,0
Demarai GrayEverton · Striker #11McNeil has come on in place of McNeil. Everton will hope he can offer a different kind of threat from the right flank.,0
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Iwobi has been pulled in favour of Garner, who'll look to add something new to Everton's midfield.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Maupay has replaced Calvert-Lewin, who's still in the process of recovering his match fitness.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Similarly, Fraser has come in to provide relief for the game's only goalscorer, Almiron.,0
Jacob MurphyNewcastle · Striker #23Anderson has replaced Murphy in what appears to be a straight swap.,0
Gueye is booked after losing the ball to Wilson and then pulling him back by his shirt.,2
JoelintonNewcastle · Midfielder #7Willock has replaced Joelinton in a like-for-like change.,0
Gordon has picked up a booking for an off-the-ball altercation with several Newcastle players.,2
Asst: B. GuimarãesGOAL! Almiron breaks the deadlock. Trippier switched the play from the right to the left flank and then, after a couple of intelligent passes, the ball fell to Guimaraes at the edge of the box. He then teed up Almiron, whose left-footed finish beat Pickford and nestled in the back of the net.,1
oelinton is issued a yellow card for a coming together with Onana.,2
aving raised his studs in a challenge with Alexander-Arnold, now Gagliardini joins the long list of bookings.,2
For a late tackle on Salah, Bastoni becomes the latest name taken by the referee.,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu is now taken off by Inzaghi, who replaces him with Vecino.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20The hosts make a change in attack, as Jota is substituted and Diaz takes his place up front.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Despite his earlier wonderstrike, Martinez makes way for his compatriot Correa up front.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Inzaghi also swaps Dumfries for Darmian at wing-back.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77The injured Brozovic is replaced by Gagliardini in Inter's midfield.,0
Bastoni is brought down by Mane, who is shown a yellow card by the referee. It has not been a spiteful encounter, but neither side has been afraid to throw themselves into a challenge.,2
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6After being crudely challenged by Sanchez, now Thiago makes way for Henderson.,0
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Jurgen Klopp has responded to the Inter goal by replacing Jones with Keita in midfield.,0
NTER DOWN TO 10! Within moments of hauling themselves back into the tie, Sanchez lunges recklessly into a challenge with Thiago, earning himself a second booking. The former Manchester United man is sent off at Anfield!,3
Asst: A. SánchezINTER LEAD! This tie is back in the balance! Martinez makes light of his quiet showing so far, taking a couple of touches to position himself on the left corner of the box before unleashing an unstoppable shot into the top corner. What a strike! Liverpool 0-1 Inter, and now only 2-1 on aggregate!,1
Robertson picks up a booking early in the second half, as he brings down Dumfries in his own half.,2
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Inzaghi has chosen to replace De Vrij with D'Ambrosio in a change to his back three. It remains to be seen whether that will entail a change of shape.,0
Chasing back to cover, Vidal chops down Jones just over 20 yards from goal and becomes the latest man into the book.,2
 late challenge by Sanchez, with his boot raised, catches Thiago on the leg. That will be a booking for the Inter forward.,2
Jota is the first man into the referee's notebook, as he receives a yellow card for bringing down Skriniar with a clumsy challenge from behind.,2
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Everton use their last substitution window. Iwobi departs and is replaced by Gordon, who made his Everton debut last weekend.,0
BernardEverton · Midfielder #20Everton make another change of their own. Bernard is replaced by Everton's veteran left-back Baines.,0
Jamal LewisNorwich City · Defender #12Here's that Norwich change - Lewis off, Cantwell on. Norwich are chucking everyone forward.,0
Kean earns himself an immediate yellow card for a poor challenge on Vrancic. The Italian's still struggling to justify how much Everton paid for him.,2
Alexander TetteyNorwich City · Midfielder #27Another Norwich change. Tettey is sacrificed to bring on the more creative midfielder Vrancic.,0
RicharlisonEverton · Striker #7Everton also make a substitution. Kean comes on for Richarlison up front.,0
Onel HernándezNorwich City · Midfielder #11Norwich make a few more changes. Hernandez, who's faded this half, is replaced by the young Irishman Idah.,0
Lukas RuppNorwich City · Midfielder #7Norwich make a second change. Rupp makes way for the Argentinian playmaker Buendia.,0
Ondrej DudaNorwich City · Midfielder #25Norwich substitution. The Canaries' top scorer this season Pukki comes on for Duda.,0
sst: L. DigneGOAL! 1-0 EVERTON! Hernandez hands Everton a corner down their right. Digne swings the ball in with his left foot and Keane nods it down easily to nestle into the bottom corner!,1
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Everton make a substitution at half-time. Sigurdsson replaces Davies in the centre of midfield.,0
Jake WalkerAston Villa · Defender #46Walker is then replaced by Edward Rowe for the hosts.,0
Callum RoweAston Villa · Defender #47Rowe meanwhile makes way for Sil Swinkels in a Villa change.,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Divock Origi is now on for the Reds, replacing Mane. The former has been linked with an Anfield exit this term, his minutes increasingly limited.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain too is on for goalscorer Salah.,0
Arjan RaikhyAston Villa · Midfielder #67Villa ring some further changes now as Raikhy makes way for Harrison Sohna.,0
Asst: X. ShaqiriGOAL! MOHAMED SALAH GETS IN ON THE ACTION FOR LIVERPOOL! 4-1! It's fast becoming a Reds rout here, the one that was expected in the build-up to this game. The striker meets a well-slotted delivery, works the space inside the box and tucks a fast, low finish past Onodi into the bottom-right corner.,1
Asst: X. ShaqiriGOAL! SADIO MANE BAGS A BRACE FOR LIVERPOOL! 3-1! It is as if the floodgates have opened for the Reds, as the striker nudges a second header - this one a looping finish that almost skims the underside of the bar - beyond Onodi's outstretched gloves. That should be the visitors home and dry.,1
Ben ChriseneAston Villa · Midfielder #57Lastly, Aston Villa make a swap themselves, replacing Chrisene with Brad Young. They're only one goal down; could they keep their hopes alive here?,0
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Roberto Firmino too is on for the visitors, replacing Jones.,0
Takumi MinaminoLiverpool · Striker #18It is the last act for Minamino up front too - and what a major one it may prove to be. Xherdan Shaqiri is on in his place for Liverpool.,0
sst: T. MinaminoGOAL! GEORGINIO WIJNALDUM NETS FOR LIVERPOOL! 2-1! The Reds have the breakthrough they need! It is the midfielder, who missed some early sitters, atoning for them with a cool strike from the edge of the box, slamming a Minamino cut-back in at the right post.,1
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14There's been a change at the break for the visitors too; captain Henderson is off and Thiago is on. Let's see how that shakes up things out there.,0
It goes from bad to worse for Liverpool now as Jones throws a reckless leg out in midfield to cut off a Villa move and gets booked for his troubles. The hosts look absolutely elated. Joyous doesn't cover the strength of their energy right now.,2
Asst: C. RoweGOAL! LOUIE BARRY LEVELS FOR ASTON VILLA! 1-1! MY WORD, THE HOSTS HAVE SQUARED THINGS UP WITH A SUPERB FINISH! Rowe picks up Onodi's goal-kick, and drags a throughball into space for the striker, who shrugs off Rhys Williams, races to the box and buries it into the bottom-right corner!,1
Asst: C. JonesGOAL! SADIO MANE HEADS LIVERPOOL INTO THE LEAD! 1-0! It's taken just over 180 seconds but the Reds are on the front foot. Jones is played in down the right edge and he lofts a lovely cross in to the edge of the six-yard area. Villa's markers get their placement wrong and the striker nudges neatly in at the near post past Onodi.,1
ickford is booked for wasting time following a corner as Everton look to take precious seconds off the clock. ,2
Robinson is booked for fouling during Everton’s attempt to hold onto possession.,2
Godfrey is shown a late yellow card for a cynical challenge in order to break up play.,2
Bernard receives a yellow card immediately after the restart for a cynical foul on the right wing. ,2
Asst: A. DoucouréEVERTON TAKE THE LEAD WITH 10 MINUTES REMAINING! After a suspect defensive header following a Coleman cross, Bernard passes it across the 18-yard box for Doucoure, who meets the delivery with a lay-off for Sigurdsson. From there - it’s a simple finish into the far corner! 1-0!,1
Rhian BrewsterSheffield United · Midfielder #24Sheffield United counter with a sub of their own, replacing Brewster with Mousset.,0
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Everton make another change - this time in midfield. Davies is replaced by Gomes.,0
odfrey goes for a run down the left and gets stopped abruptly by a bodycheck from Baldock. It’s a yellow card for the Sheffield United wing-back.,2
Michael KeaneEverton · Defender #5Ancelotti makes a change in defence, replacing Keane with Coleman. This will most likely put Holgate alongside Mina at centre-back, allowing Coleman to play his favoured right-back position. ,0
David McGoldrickSheffield United · Midfielder #17Sheffield United make another change as Wilder feels the match is still up for grabs. McGoldrick is replaced by Norwood. ,0
Anthony GordonEverton · Midfielder #24Ancelotti makes Everton’s first change of the match five minutes before the hour. Looking to spark some life into what has been a blunt attack, he replaces Gordon with Bernard.,0
alvert-Lewin shows his frustration and receives a yellow card for kicking the ball down the pitch after giving away an innocuous free-kick in midfield. He’s the first player booked in the match.,2
Oliver BurkeSheffield United · Striker #14Wilder makes a change at half-time, as the attack sees a swap of Olivers. McBurnie replaces Burke.,0
Francisco Guilermo Fandiño ReissmannRibadumia · Midfielder #7,0
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Riedewald comes on for the final moments, replacing McCarthur.,0
teve Cook joins Lewis Cook in the book, for a tackle which left Ayew shook. Bournemouth just aren't having any luck.,2
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #17Townsend comes on, sporting an absolutely magnificent lockdown hairdo and beard combination. Benteke goes off.,0
ard is booked for a foul on Smith. As with Cook a few minutes ago, it feels a little harsh.,2
Lewis Cook is booked for an absolutely bang average sliding tackle on Ayew, which saw the Palace man go down holding his... hand? For some reason? The booking was harsh, anyway.,2
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Goalscorer Milivojevic is taken off. McCarthy comes on in his place, so the James McCarthy/James McCarthur midfield is in full effect.,0
David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #20Brooks is done for the evening, Stanislas coming on in his place. That's Bournemouth's third change - Palace still have all five of theirs remaining.,0
Joshua KingBournemouth · Midfielder #7King hobbles gingerly down the tunnel as Solanke comes on in his place. He could be a big miss in the weeks to come if that's anything serious.,0
Harry WilsonBournemouth · Midfielder #22Bournemouth make a change at the break, Danjuma coming on for Harry Wilson.,0
Smith is booked for a foul on Zaha, going in late on him as Palace countered from the corner.,2
yew is booked for a late challenge on Lerma, bumping him to the ground in the centre circle. Lerma makes the most of it, but it was a foul.,2
sst: P. van AanholtGOAL! 2-0 Palace, Ayew with a tidy finish! They've been the better team for the last 10 minutes and it's a simple goal. Zaha dawdles on the ball at the corner of the area, lays it off to Van Aanholt on the overlap, and he crosses low for Ayew to direct a nice sidefooted finish into the bottom-left corner.,1
OOALLL!! Crystal Palace lead 1-0, Milivojevic with an absolute beauty! The free-kick was in the perfect position for him over on the left, and he bends an absolute peach into the top-left corner. Ramsdale gets a hand to it but can only touch it onto the bar and in.,1
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Striker #21In the aftermath of the sending offs, Carrasco has come off and he has been replaced by Vrsaljko.,0
RED CARD! Hermoso is also sent off for his clash with Mallo, with both players having words with eachother and causing a huge coming together on the pitch. Nearly every player on the pitch came to join in, as it got very heated.,3
ED CARD! Both sets of players have completely lost their heads now, with late challenges flying in. Mallo catches Suarez late after the striker released Carrasco for his chance. The Celta skipper then squares up to Hermoso who comes charging in and the pair clash, before being separated by their team-mates. Mallo is shown a straight red card.,3
Carrasco is booked for timewasting after taking too long with a free-kick and the referee runs out of patience with him.,2
Fontan is booked for a late diving challenge on Suarez, which the striker makes the most of, but he still caught the Atletico man very late.,2
Javi GalánCelta Vigo · Defender #17Late Celta substitution now, with Galan making his way off the pitch and he has been replaced by Perez.,0
Solari is the latest player to be booked after he trips Lemar from behind.,2
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Atletico make another change now, with Llorente replaced by Lodi.,0
Renato TapiaCelta Vigo · Midfielder #14The other change sees Tapia replaced by Solari.,0
Brais MéndezCelta Vigo · Midfielder #23The hosts make a double substitution now, with Mendez the first to come off, he has been replaced by Beltran.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6The final change sees Koke replaced by Trippier.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Lemar also heads off the pitch, he has been replaced by Rodrigo De Paul.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Atletico make a triple change following the goal, with Correa the first to come off and he has been replaced by Suarez.,0
Asst: SaúlGOAL! Atletico lead 2-1! Correa with his second of the game, to fire them back ahead, just five minutes after conceding the equaliser. They counter quickly and catch Celta out at the back, with Koke playing a lovely ball across the pitch to Correa in the box, who drills his shot into the far corner of the net, with Dituro having no chance of stopping it. Great move and finish.,1
NolitoCelta Vigo · Midfielder #9Celta have made their first substitution of the game, with Nolito the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Cervi.,0
ondogbia is shown a yellow card after he slides into the back of Aspas on the halfway line and catches the striker late.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! Aspas makes it 1-1 from the penalty spot! The striker steps up to take the spot kick and coolly sends Oblak the wrong way, firing the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1
Llorente is booked for the handball and possibly dissent after arguing the decision with the referee for a while after the official pointed to the spot.,2
Asst: T. LemarGOAL! Atletico take the lead, it’s 1-0! Correa with their first goal of the LaLiga season and it’s a lovely strike to fire them ahead. Lemar does brilliantly to skip past a couple of Celta defenders and then lay it off to his team-mate on the edge of the penalty area, who smashes it into the top right corner of the net. Great finish.,1
Lemar is shown an early yellow card for his late stamp on Mendez, catching the Celta man high on his leg and the referee didn't have much choice but to book him.,2
Jaïro RiedewaldCrystal Palace · Midfielder #44Riedewald, who is on a booking, is replaced in Palace's final substitution as Schlupp takes his place.,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4McCarthy returns for Palace to replace Milivojevic as we enter the final five minutes.,0
Asst: J. EvansWHAT A GOAL! IHEANACHO MAKES IT 2-1! What a goal that is from the inform striker! He brings the ball down, turns the defender and smashes the ball into the roof of the net from a tight angle! That could be a massive goal for Leicester in their hunt for Champions League football!,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Palace make their first change of the match as Townsend replaces Ayew on the wing.,0
Luke ThomasLeicester City · Midfielder #33Thomas is replaced by Albrighton as the other change made by Leicester.,0
James MaddisonLeicester City · Midfielder #10Rodgers makes a double change as Perez replaces Maddison for the last 20 minutes.,0
Asst: K. IheanachoGOALLL! CASTAGNE EQUALISES! It's a great finish from the wing back into the top corner after the Belgian drifted into the box! Leicester have a way back into the game after five minutes of the restart!,1
Riedewald picks up the first booking of the game for a poor tackle from behind on Iheanacho.,2
Asst: E. EzeGOALLL! PALACE LEAD THROUGH ZAHA! What a counter attack that is! Benteke wins the ball off Tielemans in midfield, plays it to Eze who slides in Zaha who beats the offside trap and slots it past Schmeichel in the Leicester goal! 1-0 Palace!,1
Asst: S. GnabryGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH FINISH WITH A FLOURISH! 4-1! Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting gets himself on the scoreboard to finish this one off, firing Gnabry's square ball home at close-range.,1
immich now becomes the latest man to be booked for his role in a game that has not lost its testy edge.,2
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Paul Wanner replaces Leroy Sane in Bayern's fifth change of the game.,0
Marcel SabitzerBayern · Midfielder #18Marc Roca replaces Marcel Sabitzer in Bayern's fourth change of the game.,0
sst: N. SüleGOAL! ROBERT LEWANDOWSKI BAGS ANOTHER FOR BAYERN MUNICH! 3-1! Surely, that is game, set and match to the hosts now, as their star man heads home from a reverse nudge back across the box on the heels of a corner.,1
auer picks up a booking for a hefty challenge now, bringing down Lewandowski.,2
Paul SeguinFürth · Midfielder #33Julian Green replaces Paul Seguin in Furth's fourth change of the game.,0
Branimir HrgotaFürth · Striker #10Afimico Pululu replaces Branimir Hrgota in Furth's third change of the game.,0
Jamie LewelingFürth · Striker #40Maximilian Bauer replaces Jamie Leweling in Furth's second change of the match.,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Niklas Sule replaces Lucas Hernandez in Bayern's third change of the game.,0
sst: E. Choupo-MotingGOAL! ROBERT LEWANDOWSKI LEVELS FOR BAYERN MUNICH! 1-1! Talk about out of the gates! A minute has not passed and the Poland star puts the hosts back on equal footing. Choupo-Moting cuts back at the right post and the forward wrestles home on the other side.,1
Omar RichardsBayern · Defender #3Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting replaces Omar Richards in Bayern's second change of the game.,0
ewandowski comes clattering in and does get a booking this time, perhaps more for his angry reaction than anything.,2
GOAL! GREUTHER FURTH SEIZE THE LEAD AGAINST BAYERN MUNICH! 1-0! The bottom of the table trumps the top with the help of a wicked deflection! Hrgota steers the free-kick in, sees it take a huge hit off the wall, and it loops into the far-top corner!,1
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24Serge Gnabry replaces Corentin Tolisso in Bayern's first change of the game.,0
Jeremy DudziakFürth · Midfielder #28Havard Nielsen replaces Jeremy Dudziak in Furth's first change of the game.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Everton bring on the former Spurs man Alli, who receives a warm reception. Calvert-Lewin goes off. The Toffees can't risk him chasing after this lost cause.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Tottenham substitution. Son gets an early rest with the game all but over as a contest. Bergwijn replaces him.,0
Donny van de BeekEverton · Midfielder #30Everton make a substitution to bolster their left side, which Spurs keep cutting open at will. Van de Beek goes off. The Ukrainian left-back Mykolenko comes on. Everton have switched to 3-4-3.,0
Asst: M. DohertyGOAL! TOTTENHAM 5-0 EVERTON! Things are going from bad to worse for Everton as Kane grabs his second goal of the game. Doherty's throughball makes its way all the way through to Kane who fires into the far bottom corner from the left of the box.,1
Cristian RomeroTottenham · Defender #4Spurs make another change with the win surely already wrapped up. Romero looks unhappy to be replaced by Sanchez at centre-back.,0
sst: D. KulusevskiGOAL! TOTTENHAM 4-0 EVERTON! Tottenham extend their lead almost straight from the kick-off! The hosts burst forward down their right and Kulusevski fires into the centre. The ball bypasses Kane and is fired home by Reguilon at the far post!,1
Ryan SessegnonTottenham · Midfielder #19Spurs make a substitution at half-time. Reguilon replaces Sessegnon at left wing-back.,0
Michael KeaneEverton · Defender #5Everton also make a change. Keane, who had a nightmare of a first half, goes off. Branthwaite comes on.,0
Asst: M. DohertyGOAL! TOTTENHAM 3-0 EVERTON! This is quickly becoming a rout. Lloris' long kick forward is collected by Kulusevski and passed to Son. He lays off to Doherty who slides Kane one-on-one with Pickford. The England captain enters the box and makes no mistake, slotting into the bottom left corner.,1
omero's booked for his forceful challenge on Richarlison. Everton have a free-kick from the left of Spurs' box.,2
essegnon loses the ball to Gordon who dashes forward. Son tracks back to bring the winger down and is booked.,2
sst: D. KulusevskiGOAL! TOTTENHAM 2-0 EVERTON! Everton are facing an uphill struggle already! Spurs' front three combine to present Son with a shot inside the box and the South Korean confidently fires past Pickford. It's Kulusevski who makes the final pass.,1
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18Lo Celso makes way for Bale as Tottenham search for a winner.,0
WILLOCK! 2-2! Newcastle draw level! Ritchie's deep cross is headed across goal by Joelinton, and it's met by Almiron who nods it against Sanchez, before it falls to Willock who blasts it into the roof of the net from two yards!,1
Emil KrafthNewcastle · Defender #17Krafth makes way for Willock as the hosts make an attacking substitution to chase an equaliser.    ,0
helvey is shown a yellow card after tripping Lamela 25 yards from goal.,2
Dwight GayleNewcastle · Striker #12Gayle is replaced by Saint-Maximin in attack for the hosts.  ,0
ummett earns himself a yellow card after dragging Lamela back.,2
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Moura makes way for Lamela on the left flank.,0
Tanganga is booked after a cynical foul on Ritchie inside the Newcastle half.,2
Carlos ViníciusTottenham · Striker #45Vinicius is replaced by Son at half time. ,0
Asst: T. NdombeleKANE AGAIN! 2-1! Tottenham have turned it around! Ndombele drives at the Newcastle defence, before splitting them open with a threaded pass into Kane, who charges into the box before rifling a low shot across goal and into the bottom corner from 12 yards!   ,1
KANE! 1-1! Spurs hit back immediately! Ndombele slides a brilliant throughball into Lo Celso, who squares it into Kane, whose touch fortuitously bounces against Krafth and past Dubravka, allowing Kane to swoop in and tap it in from two yards!,1
sst: S. LongstaffJOELINTON! 1-0! Newcastle take the lead as Sanchez hits a weak clearance into Ritchie, allowing Longstaff to run into the box, before slipping it across to Joelinton who hits a low, first-time finish beyond Lloris!,1
Gayle brings down Jorginho with a poor challenge and goes into the book.,2
Jacob MurphyNewcastle · Midfielder #23Murphy, who should have been awarded a penalty after being fouled by Chalobah, makes way for Fraser for the final two minutes.,0
Javier ManquilloNewcastle · Defender #19Gayle replaces Manquillo for the closing stages of the contest to add additional firepower in the final third.,0
Asst: JorginhoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! HAVERTZ SCORES AT THE DEATH!!!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!!!!! Havertz latches on to a precise cross from Jorginho and takes a touch before firing past Dubravka to hand Chelsea the lead with minutes to play. Jorginho arcs a perfect ball over the top for the German in the right-inside channel. Havertz raids behind Burn and takes the ball out of the air with one touch. With his second he dispatches his strike into the back of the net.,1
ovacic slides in on Guimaraes and brings down the midfielder. The Chelsea man goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Guimaraes brings down Kovacic on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Malang SarrChelsea · Defender #31Sarr is withdrawn for the home side down the left flank and is replaced by Pulisic.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Saint-Maximin replaces Almiron for the final 20 minutes of the contest.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount has been off the boil today and is replaced by Kovacic in the middle of the park.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Werner makes way for the home side after another difficult afternoon. He is replaced by Lukaku in the final third.,0
Ziyech catches Guimaraes with a high boot on the left edge of the Chelsea box. Newcastle are awarded a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Murphy pulls back Ziyech on the charge and goes into the book. Chelsea have a free-kick in a useful position in the Newcastle half.,2
Havertz catches Burn with a stray arm to the head in an aerial challenge and goes into the book.,2
Jonathan IkonéFiorentina · Midfielder #11Fiorentina make a double change. First off is Ikone with Brekalo replacing him.,0
Rolando MandragoraFiorentina · Midfielder #38Mandragora comes off in midfield as well with Castrovilli brought on in his place.,0
Arthur CabralFiorentina · Striker #9Fiorentina make a change and goalscorer Cabral comes off for Jovic.,0
Marco BenassiCremonese · Midfielder #26Cremonese make a sub after the goal as Benassi comes off for Lochoshvili.,0
Penalty GoalGOAAAALLLL!!! FIORENTINA DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! 2-0!! Gonzalez steps up and makes no mistake as he sends the keeper the wrong way and rolls the ball into the net.,1
ED CARD! Aiwu is sent off for the hand ball on the line and Cremonese are down to ten.,3
Antonín BarákFiorentina · Midfielder #72Barak comes off as Fiorentina make their first change with Bonaventura coming on.,0
Daniel CiofaniCremonese · Striker #9Another change for Cremonese as Afena-Gyan comes on for Ciofani.,0
Matteo BianchettiCremonese · Defender #15Cremonese make another change with Bianchetti brought off for Sernicola.,0
Michele CastagnettiCremonese · Midfielder #19Cremonese make a double change at half-time. Castagnetti makes way for Buonaiuto in midfield.,0
Quarta is the first player into the book after the Fiorentina centre-back elbows Tsadjout as the pair compete for a header.,2
sst: C. BiraghiGOOOOAAAAALLL!!! FIORENTINA SCORE!! 1-0!! The away side have had the better of the opening 20 minutes and they get their goal through Cabral. Cremonese clear the corner initially but the ball is recycled and Biraghi whips in an inviting cross with Cabral rising highest to flick home across goal and give Fiorentina the lead.,1
Robinson goes into the referee's book for very late challenge. Fulham are starting to lose their heads.,2
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9Semenyo replaces Solanke as Bournemouth look to secure all three points.,0
João PalhinhaFulham · Midfielder #26Fulham make an attacking change as Wilson comes on for Palhinha.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Lukic comes on for goalscorer Pereira for the final eight minutes.,0
Kenny TeteFulham · Defender #2Cedric comes on for Tete as Fulham push for an equaliser.,0
This time Cairney does go into the book after another poor challenge. He slides in late on Senesi, who won the ball comfortably.,2
OALLL!!! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH!! SOLANKE!!! Solanke bundles the ball over the line to give Bournemouth the lead! Leno saves the initial shot from Christie but his defenders fail to clear the ball away and Solanke pokes it home.,1
Joe RothwellBournemouth · Midfielder #14Traore replaces Rothwell as Bournemouth add more pace to their midfield.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14James comes on for De Cordova-Reid to add fresh legs to the Fulham attack.,0
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #6Cairney replaces Reed as Fulham push a for winner in the last 20 minutes.,0
ete is shown a yellow card for a late sliding challenge on Tavernier.,2
Pereira receives the first yellow of the game after a poor challenge near the halfway line.,2
GOALLL!!! 1-1 BOURNEMOUTH!! TAVERNIER!! Bournemouth get their equaliser in sensational fashion as Tavernier scores a screamer! He cuts onto his left foot on the edge of the box and bends the ball over Leno and into the far corner. Game on!,1
Jaidon AnthonyBournemouth · Midfielder #32Tavernier comes on for Anthony as Bournemouth look to mount a comeback.,0
Asst: H. ReedGOALLL!! 1-0 FULHAM!! PEREIRA!! Fulham take a deserved lead through Pereira! Solomon finds Reed in the box, who lays the ball off to Pereira. The midfielder wrongfoots Neto and scores with a first-time shot.,1
Openda écope d'un carton jaune pour avoir retiré son maillot en célébrant son troisième but.,2
Asst: A. Claude MauriceEt le triplé pour Loïs Openda ! Après une récupération haute de Claude-Maurice, le milieu de terrain envoie Openda sur le côté droit. Le Belge prend le meilleur sur son défenseur et arme une frappe croisée du pied droit pour venir tromper une nouvelle fois Dupé dans cette soirée. 3-0 pour Lens à quelques secondes de la fin du match.,1
Mikkel DeslerToulouse · Defender #3Desler est remplacé par Biakolo pour les derniers instants de cette partie.,0
Asst: A. Claude MauriceEt Lens fait le break ! Sur un dégagement de Samba, Claude-Maurice prend le meilleur sur son vis-à-vis et envoie le cuir dans la profondeur. Openda fait parler sa vitesse face à Rouault et vient ensuite conclure du droit pour inscrire un doublé. Cela fait 2-0 pour les Sang et Or à quelques minutes de la fin de ce match.,1
Deiver MachadoLens · Midfielder #3Machado cède quant à lui sa place à Boura.,0
Brecht DejaegereToulouse · Midfielder #10Du côté de Toulouse, Begraoui fait son apparition sur la pelouse à la place de Dejaegere.,0
Jonathan GraditLens · Defender #24Gradit, qui faisait son retour après plusieurs semaines d'absence, est remplacé par Fortès pour les dernières minutes de ce match.,0
Dejaegere est à son tour averti par Florent Batta pour une faute sur Claude-Maurice.,2
Thijs DallingaToulouse · Striker #27Dallinga cède quant à lui sa place à Onaiwu.,0
Farès ChaïbiToulouse · Striker #28Le double changement du côté de Toulouse avec la sortie de Chaïbi et l'entrée de Birmančević.,0
David CostaLens · Midfielder #20Et le nouveau changement pour les Lensois avec David Pereira da Costa qui est remplacé par Alexis Claude-Maurice.,0
Haïdara écope du premier carton jaune de la rencontre pour une faute sur Dejaegere. Les Violets obtiennent un coup franc intéressant côté droit.,2
Asst: F. SotocaEt Lens ouvre le score ! Après un jeu en triangle, Fofana remet le cuir à Frankowski qui décale Sotoca sur la droite du terrain. L'attaquant s'applique sur son centre et Openda reprend le cuir de la tête au second poteau et fait trembler les filets de Dupé. Les entrants ont fait la différence et les Sang et Or prennent l'avantage et mènent 1-0.,1
Jean OnanaLens · Midfielder #6De son côté, Onana cède sa place à Sotoca.,0
Wesley SaïdLens · Striker #22Et le double changement pour les Lensois avec la sortie de Saïd et l'entrée d'Openda.,0
esus' frustration gets the better of him and he catches Havertz with a late challenge which earns him a yellow card.,2
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Third change for Chelsea now and it's Mount that's making way for Kovacic.,0
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7Third change for Guardiola now and it's Aguero that's coming on for his final City appearance in place of Sterling.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Chelsea are making a change now as well and it's Werner that's making way, with Pulisic on for him.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Another change for City now and it's Silva that's going off for Fernandinho, while will see Gundogan move a little higher up the field.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Striker #17De Bruyne is helped off the field and goes straight down the tunnel, with Jesus coming on to replace him.,0
he referee helps Rudiger back to his feet before showing the defender a yellow card for blocking off De Bruyne's run.,2
Asst: M. MountHAVERTZ SCORES! The City defenders are all over the place and Havertz just gets between them to reach Mount's throughball. Ederson rushes out and commits himself and Havertz knocks it past him before sliding the ball into the back of the empty net for his first Champions League goal. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
Thiago SilvaChelsea · Defender #6Silva has gone down again and he's going to have to go off this time. He looks distraught as he makes his way off the field and Christensen is on in his place. ,0
undogan caught Jorginho with a late challenge earlier in the move and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Now Chelsea's substitute goalkeeper Bettinelli is booked for dissent.,2
Hugo Bueno is booked for a cynical foul on Madueke, stopping the Chelsea wideman from escaping up the line with a clear trip.,2
terling gets into the area, knocks the ball past Gomes and goes down… The referee books him for diving! The winger threw himself to the turf, and that caution means he – like Palmer – will be suspended for Chelsea's next game against Crystal Palace.,2
Asst: R. SterlingGOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! CHELSEA ARE BACK IN IT! Nkunku with a debut Premier League goal! It's game on at Molineux again as Sterling gets down the right to cross, and Nkunku guides a glancing header into the bottom-left corner when left unmarked. 2-1 with at least five minutes to go!,1
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! DOHERTY MAKES IT 2-0! Molineux erupts as Wolves surely seal the three points! Hugo Bueno gets down the left wing to cross, and Badiashile can only divert it into the path of Doherty as he looks to clear. The substitute has time to steady himself, and he guides a side-footed finish to Petrovic's left to score his first Premier League goal since returning to the club!,1
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Midfielder #3Hugo Bueno, meanwhile, is on for Ait-Nouri in a straight swap at left wing-back.,0
Matheus CunhaWolves · Striker #12O'Neil is making two defensive changes here. Doherty replaces Cunha.,0
Nicolas JacksonChelsea · Midfielder #15Jackson is also withdrawn to cheers from the home fans. It hasn't been the striker's day, and Nkunku will now play up front with Madueke coming on out wide.,0
Malo GustoChelsea · Defender #27Chelsea make changes in both full-back positions, with Badiashile on for Gusto.,0
Levi ColwillChelsea · Defender #26Maatsen is introduced in place of Colwill in an offensive change at left-back.,0
Pablo SarabiaWolves · Midfielder #21O'Neil makes his second change, with Doyle replacing Sarabia as Wolves go 3-5-2.,0
Craig DawsonWolves · Defender #15Santiago Bueno gets a rare outing as Dawson hobbles off the pitch behind Sa's goal.,0
Cunha is booked for dissent as Chelsea win a free-kick on the right, which they fail to make anything of.,2
Now Jackson is booked for the eighth time in the Premier League this season, for dissent. Chelsea need to keep their heads here.,2
Now Chelsea pick up another soft booking, with Gusto seeing yellow for kicking the ball away.,2
Lesley UgochukwuChelsea · Midfielder #16Pochettino makes an attacking change as Ugochukwu hobbles off. Nkunku comes on for his Premier League debut.,0
Armando BrojaChelsea · Striker #19Mudryk is also on, with Broja replaced after struggling up top.,0
Palmer is booked for petulantly kicking the ball away after Chelsea concede a throw-in. It's a costly caution, too, as he'll now be suspended for the Blues' next game against Crystal Palace.,2
sst: P. SarabiaGOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! LEMINA PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! Wolves have caused Chelsea so many problems from set-pieces, and they finally take advantage of one to go 1-0 up! Sarabia swings his deep corner-kick towards the far post, where Lemina glances a deft header into the bottom-left corner! Molineux erupts!,1
Now Wolves have a free-kick in a shooting position as Gallagher chops down Ait-Nouri on the edge of the D. Sarabia is lining up a shot from this set-piece, which is dead central, 25 yards from goal.,2
emina is booked for that foul as Sterling lines up the free-kick.,2
Yerry MinaEverton · Defender #13Mina comes off the pitch limping and Holgate is on for the closing stages.,0
Asst: RicharlisonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SIGURDSSON SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 2-0!!! Everton surely wrap up the three points as the Icelander buries a perfect strike into the top left corner. He takes possession on the edge of the box and works the ball on to his right foot away from Rice's sliding challenge. Sigurdsson lines up a curling effort that soars into the net away from the outstretched hand of Jimenez.,1
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Sigurdsson is on for Iwobi for the home side.,0
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Walcott is withdrawn for Kean for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Mark NobleWest Ham · Midfielder #16Noble is withdrawn for Ajeti for the visitors.,0
Rice has to pull back Walcott on the charge to stop a counter. He takes one for the team and is booked.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #18Wilshere replaces Fornals for the visitors after an underwhelming performance from the Spaniard.,0
Felipe AndersonWest Ham · Midfielder #8Felipe Anderson makes way at the break for the visitors and is replaced by Yarmolenko.,0
Asst: T. WalcottGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BERNARD FINDS THE NET FROM THE ANGLE!!!!! 1-0 EVERTON!!!! The Toffees take the lead as Bernard squeezes an effort past Jimenez at his near post. Walcott releases the run of the Brazilian with an incisive throughball into the right inside channel. Bernard opts not to strike first time and the opening appears to have gone. However, he backheels his way past Masuaku before slotting an offload between Jimenez and the post to find the net.,1
Christian PulisicChelsea · Striker #10Pulisic, who has had a quiet evening, is replaced by Kovacic now as Tuchel looks to control the game more in the closing stages.,0
Toby SibbickBarnsley · Defender #20Ismael makes a change at the back now, bringing off Sibbick for the experienced Sollbauer.,0
Herbie KaneBarnsley · Midfielder #8Meanwhile, Kane is also replaced by Palmer in midfield as Ismael looks to inject fresh legs for the remainder of the game.,0
Callum BrittainBarnsley · Midfielder #7Ismael makes another double change now as he tries to get his side back on level terms. Brittain is off for Williams in the first alteration.,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Striker #22Tuchel makes his third change of the night, bringing the quiet Ziyech off for academy product Anjorin.,0
sst: R. JamesGOAL!! CHELSEA TAKE THE LEAD!! James bursts into space down the right and charges into space, drawing Collins off his line before fizzing a low ball across goal for Abraham to tap into an empty net! It's 1-0 to Chelsea!,1
Conor ChaplinBarnsley · Striker #11Chaplin also makes way for Frieser as Ismael brings on a second pair of fresh legs in the front three.,0
Victor AdeboyejoBarnsley · Striker #29Barnsley boss Ismael makes a double-change of his own now as he searches for what could be a decisive goal. Adeboyejo is the first man to depart, with Dike replacing him.,0
Marcos AlonsoChelsea · Midfielder #3Meanwhile, Alonso goes off for a natural right-back in James, meaning a shift to a 4-2-3-1 as Emerson moves out as a traditional left-back and Hudson-Odoi pushes forward onto the wing, with Ziyech slotting in behind Abraham.,0
Andreas ChristensenChelsea · Defender #4Tuchel makes a double-change at the break as he looks for an improved second-half performance from his side. Christensen comes off for Rudiger at centre-half in the first alteration.,0
Florian WirtzLeverkusen · Midfielder #10Amiri also comes on with Wirtz making way.,0
Jonas HofmannLeverkusen · Midfielder #7Leverkusen make two more changes. One sees Hincapie replace Hofmann.,0
Penalty GoalPALACIOS SCORES!!! 2-2! The midfielder steps up and confidently sweeps the ball into the top corner. Leverkusen appear to have rescued a point here.,1
Edmond TapsobaLeverkusen · Defender #12An attacking Leverkusen change sees Hlozek introduced for the latter stages with Tapsoba the player to make way.,0
sst: M. TelGORETZKA!!! BAYERN BACK IN FRONT! 2-1! The hosts regain the lead and it's the skipper who scores! Tel is the provider as he teases his marker on the left before sending the ball into the centre, where Goretzka arrives to apply the finishing touch.,1
Konrad LaimerBayern · Defender #27De Ligt also comes on with Laimer making way.,0
Harry KaneBayern · Striker #9Bayern make two more changes. One of them sees Choupo-Moting replace Kane.,0
Jeremie FrimpongLeverkusen · Midfielder #30The visitors make a change with Adli on to replace Frimpong.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Bayern turn to the bench and Tel is sent on for the final 20 minutes. Gnabry is the player to make way.,0
Tapsoba trips Kane to stop him embarking on a potential counter. The defender is shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Mazraoui is also introduced with Kimmich making way.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25The hosts make two changes. One of them sees Musiala replace Muller.,0
Wirtz prevents Goretzka from taking a quick free-kick and goes into the book.,2
Robert AndrichLeverkusen · Midfielder #8Alonso reverts to the side that beat Darmstadt with Palacios replacing Andrich at half-time.,0
GRIMALDO!!! 1-1! Leverkusen are level! They have been knocking at the door and it has opened! After the visitors are awarded a free-kick just outside the D, Grimaldo steps up and sweeps a brilliant delivery into the top corner.,1
ANE!!! 1-0 BAYERN! It's that man again! The England captain is completely unmarked at the far post, where he heads into an empty net after Sane's corner ricocheted kindly into his path.,1
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Odsonne Edouard replaces Jean-Philippe Mateta in Palace's third change of the game.,0
Asst: J. McArthurGOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE TOP IT OFF WITH SOMETHING SPECIAL! 4-1! From deep in their own half, the Eagles fly forth on the counter. The long ball picks out Wilfried Zaha on the left and he cuts back in around two before firing a fantastic finish past Foster to nestle at the far post. Pick that one out!,1
Asst: J. AyewGOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE SEAL THE DEAL! 3-1! Who else, but Wilfried Zaha to haunt his old boss! He puts this result to bed against Roy Hodgson and Watford, with a lovely left-footer after bringing down a looping ball on the far side of the box. Grand stuff.,1
Will HughesCrystal Palace · Midfielder #12James McArthur replaces Will Hughes in Palace's second change of the game.,0
Tom CleverleyWatford · Midfielder #8Edo Kayembe replaces Tom Cleverley in Watford's second change of the game.,0
Michael OliseCrystal Palace · Striker #7Jordan Ayew replaces Michael Olise in Crystal Palace's first change of the game.,0
Femenia becomes the latest player to be booked for a challenge that's a little too sturdy for the referee's liking.,2
Joshua KingWatford · Striker #7Juan Hernandez replaces Joshua King in Watford's first change of the game.,0
ouyate has recovered to action now, thankfully - and proves his fitness with a foul on Louza for a yellow card.,2
Asst: T. MitchellGOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE RETAKE THE LEAD JUST BEFORE THE BREAK! 2-1! Conor Gallagher, take a bow - that is a lovely touch! The Chelsea loanee won't hurt his England prospects with moves like that, picked up by Mitchell's deep cut-back in the box. He takes one touch to control it and then leathers his second straight past Foster and nearly rips off the netting. Superb!,1
Samir comes in with a clattering challenge high in the air and is duly booked. That would have got him in trouble in a game of rugby.,2
Asst: K. FemeníaGOAL! WATFORD OFFER AN IMMEDIATE RESPONSE! 1-1! Barely three minutes after conceding, a Hornets corner is picked up on the left flank. It's swung in wonderfully to the six-yard area and Moussa Sissoko towers over everyone too easily, planting a routine header home near the closest post.,1
GOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE OPEN UP THIS GAME TO TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Oh, Ben Foster will not want to see that one back. Gallagher turns a loose cross in from the right and a deflection carries it to Jean-Philippe Mateta. He's afforded far too much space to collect, pivot and shoot but the goalkeeper goes entirely the wrong way and the ball thuds into the back of the net. The Eagles are off to a flyer!,1
GOAL! YOUNG BOYS 2-1 MANCHESTER UNITED! United hand Young Boys the victory right at the death! Lingard plays a ill-judged backpass right into the path of Siebatcheu who beats De Gea from the centre of the box! The entire bench is up to celebrate with the American!,1
Sandro LauperYoung Boys · Defender #30Here are those Young Boys changes. Lauper off. Zesiger on.,0
Meschak EliaYoung Boys · Striker #15Elia also leaves the pitch. Kanga, another forward, comes on.,0
Silvan HeftiYoung Boys · Defender #36Hefti also goes off. Young Boys' Serbian winger Sulejmani comes on.,0
Christopher MartinsYoung Boys · Midfielder #35Young Boys wisely replace Martins before he receives a second yellow card. Rieder replaces him.,0
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #18Fernandes also heads off. Matic comes on to shore up United's midfield.,0
Cristiano RonaldoMan United · Striker #7United make two more changes. Ronaldo makes way for Lingard who should give United a more mobile attacking outlet.,0
Asst: S. HeftiGOAL! YOUNG BOYS 1-1 MANCHESTER UNITED! Ngamaleu grabs the equaliser for Young Boys shortly after Garcia has a shot blocked. Hefti's low cross from the right flicks up nicely for Ngamaleu who toe-pokes it in at the near post.,1
Varane picks up a yellow card for wasting time before taking the free-kick. ,2
Donny van de BeekMan United · Midfielder #34United make a half-time change as they switch to a back three. Van de Beek is replaced by Varane.,0
Vincent SierroYoung Boys · Midfielder #8Young Boys also make a change as they attempt to chase the game. The American striker Siebatcheu replaces Sierro.,0
Fassnacht is booked for his mistimed challenge. It's not that dissimilar from the one that saw Wan-Bissaka sent off.,2
Jadon SanchoMan United · Midfielder #25United have a reshuffle after Wan-Bissaka's dismissal. Sancho is the player sacrificed for Dalot to slot in at right-back.,0
WAN-BISSAKA IS SENT OFF! The United right-back receives his marching orders for a clumsy tackle on Martins, stamping on the midfielder's foot.,3
sst: B. FernandesGOAL! YOUNG BOYS 0-1 MANCHESTER UNITED! Who else? Fernandes fires in a delicious cross from the left with the outside of his right foot. Ronaldo beats the offside trap to stab the ball straight at Von Ballmoos who can't keep it out.,1
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Young-Coombes enters the fold for the Bees in the middle of the park to replace Jensen.,0
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Romeu replaces Stuart Armstrong to ensure that Brentford cannot add further goals to the scoreline.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Baptiste replace Mbeumo for the closing stages of the game.,0
Asst: C. NørgaardWHAT A FINISH BY AJER!!!!!! BRENTFORD 3-0!!!!!!! The home side kill off the game as Ajer produces a fine turn and strike in the box. Brentford knock the ball around the edge of the Southampton penalty area before Norgaard picks out Ajer. He skips past Perraud and Salisiu before slotting his effort under Forster into the back of the net. Cool as you like.,1
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Wissa was excellent this afternoon, scoring a fine goal to put Brentford ahead and he should have had a second. Dasilva replaces the winger in the final third.,0
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27Elyounoussi enters the action for the visitors as he replaces Diallo. An attacking move from Hasenhuttl.,0
Diallo brings Wissa on the charge down the left flank, barging the forward off the ball. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Asst: C. EriksenGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BRENTFORD HAVE TWO IN TWO MINUTES!!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!! Wissa gets on the scoresheet with a composed finish to double the Bees' advantage. Eriksen makes a good forward run into the Southampton half, but gets brought down. Wissa gathers the loose ball and surges into the box before calmly placing his effort away from Forster into the bottom-right corner.,1
Asst: I. ToneyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! JANSSON PUTS BRENTFORD AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! The home side take the lead as Jansson converts from Toney's cutback at the near post. Eriksen launches a corner deep into the middle from the right flank that Toney takes out of the air. He fakes the strike and then has space to drill a low cross towards the near post. Jansson sticks out a boot and does enough to steer it past Forster.,1
Ferguson is booked for a late challenge on halfway, and the ball is gifted back to Marseille yet again.,2
alerdi is booked for dissent as Brighton celebrate their equaliser.,2
enalty GoalGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL! IT'S 2-2! Joao Pedro makes no mistake from the spot, rolling his kick into the bottom-left corner as Lopez dives the opposite way! He scored two penalties on matchday one, and there was never any doubt there!,1
lauss is booked for the foul. Joao Pedro is standing over this high-pressure penalty...,2
Marseille substitute Sarr gets involved, and he's also shown a yellow card.,2
Veltman sees yellow for that challenge. Captain Dunk approaches the referee to question the call, but he's told to back off.,2
Iliman NdiayeMarseille · Striker #29Gattuso is looking to shore up his defence with a substitution. Former Nottingham Forest loanee Renan Lodi replaces Ndiaye.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18De Zerbi rolls the dice with another double change. Ferguson takes Welbeck's place in attack.,0
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #7Adingra is also coming on. March makes way.,0
Mahmoud DahoudBrighton · Midfielder #8De Zerbi finally turns to his bench. Gilmour replaces Dahoud.,0
Ansu FatiBrighton · Midfielder #31Joao Pedro is also brought on, with Fati making way.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangMarseille · Striker #10It's a double change for the hosts. Vitinha is on for the ineffective Aubameyang.,0
Joaquin CorreaMarseille · Striker #20Gattuso is the first coach to blink, bringing on former Watford winger Sarr in place of Correa.,0
Asst: K. MitomaGOOOOAAAAALLLL! GROSS GETS BRIGHTON BACK IN THE GAME! Lamptey does brilliantly to reach the byline on the left before finding Mitoma in support. The Japan winger cuts it back towards the penalty spot, where Welbeck eases a defender out of the way to allow Gross to side-foot home. Game on in Marseille! 2-1!,1
Jordan VeretoutMarseille · Midfielder #27Moroccan midfield livewire Ounahi takes Veretout's place. He was a man in demand after last year's World Cup.,0
Asst: A. HaritGOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! IT'S TWO! Brighton are all at sea as Marseille recover possession almost immediately after kick-off and charge forward. Harit darts down the right-hand channel before crossing low for Veretout, who arrives in the area to side-foot past a helpless Steele! Marseille are in dreamland, and Brighton have a mountain to climb. 2-0!,1
Asst: J. ClaussGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! MARSEILLE LEAD! 1-0! The hosts' corner comes to nothing, but they keep the pressure on and make it count! Clauss drives inside before playing a lovely one-two with Correa to reach the byline. From there, he picks out Mbemba with his cutback and the defender sweeps home right-footed!,1
Asst: I. ToneyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! WISSA WRAPS UP THE GAME!!!! 2-0 BRENTFORD!!!! Wissa collects a pass from Toney and surges through on goal before dispatching his strike past Bazunu. Toney is alert with a sublime flick to release Wissa behind the Southampton defence. He takes a nice touch to burst into the box before calmly slotting his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
Bednarek reacted to Toney's swing with the boot and pushed the forward. He is booked for his part in the melee.,2
Toney is booked for his altercation with Bednarek and Bazunu.,2
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Damsgaard enters the action to replace Jensen in the Brentford midfield.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Mbeumo makes way for Jansson in a move to shore up the Brentford defence.,0
Carlos AlcarazSouthampton · Midfielder #26Alcaraz is withdrawn by the Saints and is replaced by Onuachu.,0
Kevin SchadeBrentford · Striker #9Wissa replaces Schade in the final third for the visitors. He could well have had an assist today had Mbeumo convrted his opening.,0
Kyle Walker-PetersSouthampton · Defender #2Walker-Peters is forced off with an injury and is replaced at right-back by Bree.,0
Mohamed ElyounoussiSouthampton · Midfielder #24Elyounoussi failed to get into the game and is now replaced by Walcott.,0
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27Lavia makes his way onto the field to replace Diallo in the middle of the park.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Onyeka replaces Janelt in the middle of the park.,0
Asst: C. NørgaardGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! TONEY CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!!! 1-0 BRENTFORD!!!! The goal had been coming and Toney is alert to steer Norgaard's flick-on into the net from two yards out. Mbeumo angles a perfect cross into the box from the right flank. Norgaard rises at the near post and glances the cross on towards Toney, who reacts and places the ball into an empty net.,1
Stuart Armstrong misjudges the bounce of the breaking ball from the corner and takes out Scarpa as he looks to break. It's a yellow card for the midfielder.,2
LyancoSouthampton · Defender #4Saints make an attacking change with defender Lyanco off and attacking midfielder Stuart Armstrong on to replace in.,0
Renan LodiNottm Forest · Defender #32Lodi also makes way at left-back and is replaced by Toffolo.,0
Brennan JohnsonNottm Forest · Striker #20Forest turn to their bench again for another double change. Johnson receives a round of applause from the away fans as he comes off for Williams in a clearly defensive switch.,0
Morgan Gibbs-WhiteNottm Forest · Midfielder #10Cooper makes a double change from the bench with Scarpa coming on in the place of Gibbs-White as well.,0
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9The goalscorer is unable to continue and is replaced by Surridge.,0
Romain PerraudSouthampton · Midfielder #15Perraud also makes way and is replaced by Edozie.,0
Sékou MaraSouthampton · Striker #18Adam Armstrong is on for Southampton's final sub of this triple change with Mara coming off in the forward line.,0
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Nathan Jones turns to his bench for the first time in this second half with a triple change. First off is Lavia who is replaced by Aribo in midfield.,0
Orel MangalaNottm Forest · Midfielder #5Forest make their first change with Colback coming on for Mangala in central midfield.,0
Perraud and Johnson get into a tussle off the ball. There is pushing and shoving and a head-to-head and the referee books the Southampton wing-back.,2
Freuler gives away the ball to Elyounoussi and fouls the Saints winger as he looks to break. The Forest midfielder receives the first yellow card of the game.,2
Armel Bella-KotchapSouthampton · Defender #37Bella Kotchap has gone down and won't be able to continue. He is replaced in central defence by Caleta-Car.,0
sst: B. JohnsonGOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! FOREST TAKE THE LEAD!!! Awoniyi has broken the deadlock in this tie after an awful mistake from Southampton. Lyanco slips under pressure and misplaces his pass. Johnson pounces onto the ball and the forward breaks forward on goal before squaring the ball to Awoniyi who has the simple task of sweeping the ball home into an empty net.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal have equalised in stoppage time and it’s 1-1! Nketiah taps it home from just a couple of yards out! It comes from a corner, which Ryan flicks on and it is then picked up by Ceballos, who drills an effort towards goal, which Areola superbly saves. However, he can only push it straight into the path of Nketiah, who fires it into the back of the net. VAR are going to take a look to make sure.,1
Ivan CavaleiroFulham · Striker #17Third and final Fulham substitution now, with Cavaleiro replaced by Bryan.,0
Josh MajaFulham · Striker #27Another Fulham change now and it is Maja who is coming off and he's replaced by Loftus-Cheek.,0
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Lacazette is limping off the pitch, he looks very disappointed and he is replaced by Nketiah.,0
Ademola LookmanFulham · Midfielder #19Fulham have also made a change, with Lookman replaced by Reed.,0
Héctor BellerínArsenal · Defender #2The other change sees Bellerin come off and he has handed the captains armband to Lacazette, as he is replaced by Pepe.,0
Mohamed ElnenyArsenal · Midfielder #25Arsenal make a double substitution, the first sees Elneny head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Partey.,0
Reid is booked after his late challenge on Ceballos in the middle of the pitch.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Maja converts from the penalty spot and sends Fulham 1-0 up! Lemina won the penalty after he is caught by Gabriel, who flicked out a leg. There was a lengthy VAR review to check the decision, including a possible offside in the build-up, but the penalty was allowed to stand. Maja stepped up to take it and he smashed it high into the back of the net.,1
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Andersen, after the Fulham skipper dived into a challenge with Xhaka and caught the Arsenal man. Poor challenge.,2
Asst: C. EriksenGOOOAAALLL! BRENTFORD HAVE WON IT IN STOPPAGE TIME! Watford should have won it at the other end just moments earlier, but they didn’t take their chances and Jansson has punished them! It’s another superb delivery from Eriksen as he delivers a deep free-kick into the box and Jansson meets it, powering his header past Foster to make it 2-1.,1
Kiko FemeníaWatford · Defender #21Third and final Watford change coming up, with Femenia replaced by Cathcart.,0
ouza is booked for a poor challenge on Jansson, catching the Brentford skipper late and the referee initially waves play on, but makes sure he comes back to show the Watford man a yellow card.,2
Juraj KuckaWatford · Midfielder #33The other change sees Kucka replaced by Cleverley.,0
João PedroWatford · Striker #10Watford have made a double change, with Joao Pedro the first to come off and he has been replaced by King.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Another Brentford change now, with Janelt replaced by Jensen.,0
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Brentford have made their first change now, with Wissa the man heading off and he has been replaced by Ghoddos.,0
Toney is booked after he collides with Sarr and brings him down around 25 yards out and hands Watford a free-kick in a decent shooting position.,2
Asst: I. SarrWATFORD GOAL! VAR HAS OVERTURNED THE DECISION! It looked like the goal had been ruled out for offside, but VAR has taken a look at the goal and have decided that Sarr wasn't offside as the cross came in from the right. Therefore the goal from Dennis, which was an excellent finish at the far post, is allowed to stand and it's 1-1!,1
Kamara is shown the first yellow card of the game for a clear foul on Mbeumo, stopping him from breaking forward on the attack.,2
Ethan PinnockBrentford · Defender #5Here is the enforced Brentford substitution, with Pinnock coming off and he has been replaced by Bech Sorensen.,0
sst: K. AjerGOOOAAALLL! BRENTFORD TAKE THE LEAD! Norgaard fires the visitors 1-0 ahead after 15 minutes! A long throw comes into the penalty area from the right by Pinnock and it’s easily flicked on at the near post by Ajer and it falls straight to the feet of Norgaard, who drills the ball home from close range.,1
Jonny HowsonMiddlesbrough · Midfielder #16Another change from Boro. Howson hands over the captain's armband as he is replaced by Sol Bamba.,0
Ben DaviesTottenham · Defender #33Possibly the last throw of the dice from Spurs, who withdraw Davies and replace him with 17-year-old Dane Scarlett.,0
Paddy McNairMiddlesbrough · Defender #17Middlesbrough also make a change with Lee Peltier replacing McNair.,0
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21The visitors make a change as Kulusevski makes way for Sergio Reguilon.,0
Neil TaylorMiddlesbrough · Midfielder #3The hosts make a change with Marc Bola replacing Taylor.,0
Ryan SessegnonTottenham · Midfielder #19Sessegnon also makes way to be replaced by Steven Bergwijn.,0
Matt DohertyTottenham · Midfielder #2A double-change for Spurs. The first sees Emerson Royal replace Doherty.,0
Duncan WatmoreMiddlesbrough · Striker #18Boro make their first change of the match as Watmore makes way for Folarin Balogun.,0
 scuffle between Howson and Kane ensued, with Romero barging in to back up his team-mate. The latter is shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2
McNair prevents Davies from embarking on a dangerous surge into the Middlesbrough box and is booked.,2
Asst: P. CoutinhoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BAYERN HAVE FIVE!!!! GNABRY SCORES!!!! The winger completes the rout this evening as his curling strike travels through two Schalke defenders and the boot of Schubert to find the net. He collects a pass from Coutinho on the left wing before surging past Caligiuri with ease. Gnabry goes for a strike from the left inside channel and Schubert is unsighted and unable to keep out the drive with his leg. It sums up the performance from the visitors and their keeper.,1
Jonjoe KennySchalke · Defender #20Kenny is withdrawn for the closing stages and is replaced by McKennie.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #18Tolisso replaces Goretzka for the home side in the middle of the park.,0
Ivan PerišićBayern · Midfielder #14Gnabry comes on to the pitch to replace Perisic on the left flank.,0
Thiago AlcântaraBayern · Midfielder #6Coutinho replaces Thiago in the middle of the park for the home side.,0
sst: R. LewandowskiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! THIAGO CONVERTS!!! 4-0!!!! Thiago starts and finishes the move for Bayern's fourth. Boujellab and Kimmich collide in the middle of the park and Thiago scoops up possession. He releases the run of Lewandowski into the final third. The Pole turns Mascarell with ease and then slides an offload towards the advancing Spaniard. Thiago has a simple finish, slotting the ball past Schubert into the net.,1
Rabbi MatondoSchalke · Striker #14Matondo is withdrawn for Boujellab for the visitors.,0
Michael GregoritschSchalke · Striker #11Gregoritsch makes way for Kutucu in the final third.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GORETZKA MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-0!!!!  Bayern have their third of the game as Goretzka scores against his former club. Kimmich swings a corner deep to the back post for the run of the midfielder. His header is blocked by Oczipka, but he connects with an acrobatic volley. Goretzka's effort has the pace and accuracy to beat the hand of Schubert to find the bottom-left corner.,1
Asst: L. GoretzkaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MULLER STRIKES BEFORE THE BREAK!!!! 2-0!!!! Bayern double their advantage just before half-time as Muller converts from close range. Perisic hangs a cross to the left inside channel and Goretzka nods it on. Muller times his run to perfection and sticks out a boot to guide his effort past Schubert into the back of the net.,1
OALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Pole pounces in the box to convert Perisic's cross, blasting his effort past Kabak on the line. Schubert is to blame as he comes for Muller's cross and fails to make the catch. Perisic pounces on the loose ball and steers it towards Lewandowski. The striker takes a touch before dispatching his effort on the volley into the back of the net.,1
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9A change in attack sees Moore coming on for Solanke.,0
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth make two further substitutions. First, Stephens replaces Billing.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24It is Almiron that's withdrawn for Wood to offer a more physical presence up front in the closing moments.,0
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10O'Neil opts for more fresh legs to get the result over the line. Christie makes way for Stacey.,0
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16Bournemouth make their first change, as Tavernier is replaced by Anthony for the final 10 minutes.,0
Bruno GuimarãesNewcastle · Midfielder #39Newcastle's second change sees Guimaraes replaced by Longstaff in midfield.,0
Ryan FraserNewcastle · Striker #21Seeking a late winner, Howe makes a double substitution. First, former Bournemouth man Fraser makes way for Murphy out wide.,0
or a foul on Tavernier, Joelinton becomes the first Newcastle player booked today.,2
Penalty GoalNEWCASTLE PULL LEVEL! With great confidence, Isak steps up to the spot-kick and rams the ball into the left side of the net; leaving Neto grasping at thin air. An excellent penalty draws the Toon back level!,1
Asst: J. ZemuraBOURNEMOUTH LEAD! St James' falls silent, as Billing sticks out a long leg to divert a near-post Zemura cross past the stranded Pope. For all their probing, the hosts find themselves a goal down with half an hour left to play. 1-0 to the Cherries!,1
As he gets to his feet after picking up a knock in a tackle on Joelinton, Tavernier is shown a yellow card for his ill-timed challenge.,2
For recklessly sliding into a tackle on Joelinton in midfield, Christie receives the game's first yellow card.,2
HE'S ON, HE'S OFF!!!! Kean heads off the pitch almost as soon as he came on, and what a wild incident to kick it all off! Kean is held back by Mancini and goes to ground, but before a free-kick can be given his way, Kean kicks the defender in the back of the leg and the referee shows him a straight red! An absolute brain explosion from the Juventus substitute, and he trudges off literally seconds after his introduction!,3
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11Juve prepare to add further attacking options late on, and Moise Kean replaces Cuadrado as the clock ticks towards the 90.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7Pellegrini looks to have pulled a muscle while stretching to prevent Pogba from shooting, and the captain comes off late, to be replaced by Andrea Belotti.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Juve make further changes, with Locatelli replaced at the base of midfield by Leandro Paredes.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #17The booked Kostic comes off next, and Paul Pogba enters the fray for only his second appearance since returning to Turin.,0
Kostic loses out to Ibanez, and after needlessly shoving the off-balance Roma defender over the sideline, is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Georginio WijnaldumRoma · Midfielder #25Wijnaldum also comes off after that earlier knock, and youngster Edoardo Bove will replace him out wide.,0
Paulo DybalaRoma · Striker #21Dybala doesn't get the dream return against Juventus unfortunately, as he comes off for Tammy Abraham to provide the Giallorossi with a new dimension up front.,0
Nicola ZalewskiRoma · Midfielder #59Zalewski comes off following that mistake, and Rick Karsdorp returns to the side to take his place at right-back.,0
Spinazzola gives the ball away and Di Maria plays Chiesa in behind the wing-back. The Roma defender tugs him back and to the floor, conceding a yellow card-worthy free-kick on the edge of the box.,2
Nicolò FagioliJuventus · Midfielder #44Fagioli comes off in Juve's second change, and it's an attacking one that sees the introduction of Federico Chiesa.,0
abiot gets around the outside of Cristante and runs into space down the left, but he's dragged down from behind by the Roma midfielder, who is promptly booked.,2
Asst: B. CristanteGOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! What a thunderbolt that is!!!! Roma are building slowly and Cristante passes out to Mancini. With nothing on, the centre-back goes for glory, and from 25 yards fires a fizzing low shot which rockets across Szczesny and nestles in the bottom corner! 1-0 to the hosts, and the defender won't have struck many balls as sweet as that before!,1
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12One half-time change is made for Juventus, with Alex Sandro replaced by club captain Leonardo Bonucci in the back three.,0
atic clatters into Cuadrado after the Colombian receives a pass back from his own throw-in, and the Roma midfielder receives his side's first booking of the game.,2
pinazzola attempts to latch onto Matic's pass as Roma try to get out of trouble, but the wing-back is clipped from behind by Locatelli, and the Juve midfielder is shown the first booking of this game!,2
Asst: FernandinhoGOOOOALLLL!!! If the home fans were happy with their goal, they're not smiling any more. Fernandinho sends MAhrez through one-on-one, and the Algerian makes no mistake to make it 5-1 to City!!!,1
Asst: R. VormerGOOOALLLL!!!! Brugge have their goal at long last and it's Vanaken!!! He gets lucky as the ball deflects to him off several City defenders' legs, but the Brugge captain does very well to half-volley home a first time effort to make it 4-1!!!,1
Charles De KetelaereClub Brugge · Striker #90Straight after his first real chance of the night, De Ketelaere is replaced by Bas Dost.,0
Stanley NsokiClub Brugge · Defender #4It's not been a night to remember for N'Soki, and he's replaced by Brandon Mechele.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Rodri is replaced for City, by club captain Fernandinho.,0
Éder Álvarez BalantaClub Brugge · Midfielder #3Balanta, who has been run ragged in this match, and is repalced by 16-year-old Noah Mbamba-Muanda.,0
Asst: R. SterlingGOOOALLLLL!!!! What a moment for Cole Palmer!!!! Sterling sets the youngster up on the edge of the box, and the 19-year-old slots the ball past Mignolet effortlessly to make it 4-0 to City!!!,1
alanta smashes into Grealish and is rightly booked - meaning he will miss the next match for Brugge.,2
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Cole Palmer is also introduced by Pep Guardiola, in place of midfield talisman De Bruyne.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Striker #47Foden, who has been playing excellently tonight, is replaced by Raheem Sterling for City.  ,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Ilkay Gundogan is also brought on, in place of the impressive Bernardo Silva.,0
Aymeric LaporteMan City · Defender #14The booked Laporte is replaced by Nathan Ake in City's first change of the match.,0
Kamal SowahClub Brugge · Midfielder #19Sowah has run his socks off to no avail in this match, and he's replaced by Ignace van der Brempt.,0
Mats RitsClub Brugge · Midfielder #26Rits is withdrawn for Brugge's first change of the night, and Ruud Vormer replaces him.,0
sst: K. De BruyneGOOOALLLL!!!! City have their third!!! It's Walker who rampages forward and plays a quick one-two with De Bruyne. The Belgian's pass back to him is perfectly weighted and Walker slides the ball underneath Mignolet, in very similar fashion to his opposite full-back's opener! 3-0 to City, and surely no way back for Brugge now.,1
'Soki, who conceded the penalty, catches De Bruyne late and is booked. Not the best few minutes for the Brugge defender.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOALLLL!!! City double their lead and it's 2-0!!!! Mahrez, who won the penalty, sends Mignolet the wrong way to dispatch the spot-kick and likely send City into half-time with a two-goal cushion!,1
Laporte is given City's first booking of ther match for a foul on Sowah.,2
Asst: P. FodenGOOOALLLL!!!! You can't say that this hasn't been coming!!! Cancelo latches onto a beautiful diagonal cross from Foden, chests the ball down, and slots it underneath Mignolet!!! It's no more than City deserve, and they lead 1-0!,1
Mata brings down Silva cynically and justifiably receives the game's first yellow card.,2
Mikel VesgaLeganes · Midfielder #23Recio comes on to bolster the centre of midfield, replacing Vesga.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #20That proved to be Asensio's final contribution as he comes off for Bale.,0
IscoReal Madrid · Striker #22Vazquez comes on for Isco in an attempt to score a second and win the game.,0
Javier ErasoLeganes · Midfielder #17Pellegrino is going for the win here it seems, making a positive change by bringing on El Zhar for Eraso.,0
Guido CarrilloLeganes · Striker #9Carrillo has put in a hard shift up front, but he comes off for En-Nesyri.,0
Asensio goes into the book after complaining about the decision to award a free-kick against him.,2
OAL! MADRID ARE LEVEL! Benzema nets his 18th goal in LaLiga this season, finishing from a very tight angle after his intial shot was saved. Cuellar got down low to stop the initial effort from Benzema - who latched onto Modric's througball - but the Frenchman got to the rebound first and slipped it into the bottom-right corner from a very difficult position.,1
arvajal is shown the first yellow card of the game for dissenting against the referee's decision to award Leganes a throw.,2
sst: M. BraithwaiteGOAAAAAL! LEGANES LEAD 1-0! Bustinza fires a long throw into the box, Carrillo gets a head on it to help it along and Braithwaite uses his body as a shield to hold play up, protect the ball and allow Silva to arrive. The defender then puts his left foot through it to curl the ball out of Navas' reach. This certainly wasn't in the script!,1
raujo goes into the book for a foul on Arribas, and Almeria have a chance from a free-kick once again.,2
aba goes into the book for a reckless challenge in the middle of the park.,2
Asst: R. LewandowskiGOOOAAAAALLL!! 3-2 BARCELONA!! Gundogan feeds the ball into the feet of Lewandowski, who turns and floats a pass behind the Almeria defensive line. Roberto has burst forward from midfield and controls superbly, before slotting the ball underneath Maximiano to give Xavi's side the lead once again. Can they hold on this time?,1
Léo BaptistãoAlmería · Striker #12Leo Baptistao is the latest player to make way for Almeria, with Lazaro coming on to replace him.,0
Largie RamazaniAlmería · Midfielder #7Embarba comes off the bench for Almeria, with Ramazani's game over as he makes his way to the bench.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #11Xavi makes another alteration as they search for a winner, with Yamal coming on in his place.,0
OOOAAAAALLLL!! 2-2!! ALMERIA EQUALISE!! Arribas' quick feet wins his side a free-kick, and he takes the resulting set-piece, delivering towards the back post. Araujo and Pena both go for it and bump into each other, with the Barcelona goalkeeper spilling the ball. It drops straight at the feet of Gonzalez, who taps it into an empty net! It's a sloppy goal to concede, but Garitano won't care!,1
Fermín LópezBarcelona · Midfielder #32Xavi makes another change, bringing on Romeu who will offer more defensive solidity in midfield. Fermin is the player to make way.,0
Alejandro PozoAlmería · Defender #17Almeria make their first change of the game, with Mendes coming on for Pozo at right-back.,0
Asst: RaphinhaGOOOOOAAAAAALLL!! 2-1 BARCELONA!! After Gundogan won the corner, Raphinha delivered towards the front post. Roberto made a bursting run to evade Chumi, and he glances the ball towards the far corner and into the back of the net. It's a superb header from the Spanish midfielder, and Xavi's side make their pressure count!,1
arcelona look to break and Lopy brings down Gundogan, with the referee awarding a yellow card.,2
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Barcelona make a change in defence, with Kounde coming on in place of Christensen, who was booked in the first half.,0
João FélixBarcelona · Striker #14In attack, Torres comes on for Felix at half-time as Xavi shuffles the pack.,0
Asst: S. ArribasGOOOAAAALLLL!!! 1-1! Almeria equalise! Arribas pounces inside the Barcelona half to dispossess his opponent and manages to poke a pass into the space beyond the defensive line. Leo Baptistao bursts towards the goal with Xavi’s defenders struggling to get back, and he stays composed to dink it over Pena. It was originally given as offside, but VAR has intervened and it will count!,1
GOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-0 BARCELONA! Xavi's side finally break the deadlock. Gundogan stands over a corner and sends an out-swinging delivery towards the centre of the penalty box. Araujo rises above his marker and heads towards goal, but Maximiano makes a superb stop. However, he can only palm it into the path of Raphinha who is in the right place at the right time to fire into the back of the net, scoring his third goal of the season!,1
Christensen goes into the book for hauling Arribas to ground, with the Almeria forward through on goal.,2
Raphinha drags Leo Baptistao to the ground as Almeria look to counter, and he goes into the book.,2
It's an early yellow card for Pozo who clipped the heels of Balde who had burst forward from defence.,2
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9That is Antonio's last contribution, as he makes way for Yarmolenko. ,0
Asst: A. MasuakuBowen goal! But it's offside again! Fornals finds Masuaku on the overlap, and he takes an age to deliver a cross into Bowen's feet for a tap-in from five yards. He comfortably sticks it home but the flag is up! ,1
Nikola VlašićWest Ham · Midfielder #11Vlasic takes his time walking off the field, as he is replaced by the more defensive Masuaku. ,0
Adam IdahNorwich City · Midfielder #35Rowe comes on for the impressive Idah, as Smith makes his final change. ,0
Milot RashicaNorwich City · Midfielder #17Rashica trots off the field, to be replaced by Tzolis. ,0
Przemysław PłachetaNorwich City · Midfielder #11Dowell is coming on for the largely anonymous Placheta. ,0
Asst: V. CoufalGOOAALLL! 1-0 West Ham!!! Coufal collects an over-hit cross on the right, and takes his time before delivering a pinpoint ball onto the head of Bowen. He makes no mistake and nods it past the helpless Krul. ,1
Jhon MosqueraViktoria Plzeň · Midfielder #18Pilar enters the action to replace Mosquera for the closing stages of the game.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Goretzka notched two assists tonight and is now replaced by Sabitzer.,0
Dayot UpamecanoBayern · Defender #2Pavard makes his way on to the field to replace Upamecano at the back.,0
Lukáš HejdaViktoria Plzeň · Defender #2Tijani replaces Hejda at the back for the visitors, who was struggling with an injury.,0
Asst: L. GoretzkaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CHOUPO-MOTING FINISHES IN STYLE!!!!! 5-0 BAYERN!!!! The home side play through the Plzen defence as Goretzka tees up Choupo-Moting to score. The midfielder threads a simple pass behind the Plzen backline for Choupo-Moting to collect and find the net with the aid of the right post.,1
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Tel enters the action as Sane is withdrawn after his two-goal performance.,0
Tomáš ChorýViktoria Plzeň · Striker #15Bassey replaces Chory as the Plzen spearhead in the final third.,0
Jan KopicViktoria Plzeň · Midfielder #10Jirka enters the fold to replace Kopic in the final third for the visitors.,0
Asst: S. ManéGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SANE SCORES BAYERN'S FOURTH!!!!! 4-0!!!!! The home side continue to pour on the agony for Plzen as Sane takes a sublime first touch before burying a strike past Tvrdon. Mane loops a long ball over the top for Sane that he takes in stride before firing into the back of the net on his left foot. All too easy for the hosts.,1
Adam VlkanovaViktoria Plzeň · Midfielder #88Vlkanova makes way at the break for Plzen for Jemelka.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Choupo-Moting enters the action to replace Musiala at the break.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Davies is withdrawn by Nagelsmann and is replaced by Stanisic.,0
Chory battles with De Ligt and catches the Dutchman with a boot in the chest. He is booked by the referee.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MANE FIRES HOME!!!!! 3-0 BAYERN!!! The Senegal international gets on the scoresheet with a low blast into the bottom-left corner. Mane turns past two defenders before receiving a slice of luck as the ball deflects off N'diaye. He charges onto the loose ball to get there first ahead of the Plzen defence and holds his composure to smash a left-footed strike home. Mane is off the mark in the Champions League this season.,1
sst: L. GoretzkaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GNABRY MAKES IT TWO!!!!!!!!! BAYERN 2-0!!!!! The home side cut open Plzen on the counter and Gnabry provides a clinical finish. Goretzka threads the needle to find Gnabry in the box. He takes a touch before slotting his effort past Tvrdon into the bottom-right corner.,1
Asst: J. MusialaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SANE BLASTS BAYERN AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!! Sane is afforded far too much space and time after combining with Musiala and powers an effort past Tvrdon. The German plays the give-and-go with Musiala to surge to the edge of the Plzen box. There he picks his spot and fires his left-footed drive into the roof of the net.,1
A Magpies attack breaks down and Ogbene races away on the break for Luton. He has Hall beaten for pace down the right flank, but is dragged back by the Newcastle substitute who is immediately shown a yellow card.,2
Mengi's all over Gordon and concedes a free-kick, which escalates to a yellow card for the Luton defender after he kicks the ball away!,2
Dan BurnNewcastle · Defender #33Newcastle make another change as Lewis Hall comes on at left-back, replacing Burn in an attack-minded alteration by Eddie Howe.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Newcastle make a change of their own as Almiron is withdrawn; replaced by Tino Livramento as we enter the last 10 minutes of this game.,0
Andros TownsendLuton Town · Midfielder #30Chiedozie Ogbene also enters the fray for Luton, replacing the game's only goalscorer so far, Townsend.,0
Elijah AdebayoLuton Town · Striker #11Adebayo also comes off having lead the line superbly for the Hatters, and they'll want more of the same out of his replacement Carlton Morris.,0
Albert Sambi LokongaLuton Town · Midfielder #28Rob Edwards makes a triple substitution for the hosts, with Lokonga replaced by Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu in the middle of the park.,0
Amari'i BellLuton Town · Defender #29Bell is the latest player to pull up injured, and comes off having been superb throughout this game for Luton. Mads Andersen slots into the back three, and the armband is given to the goalscorer Townsend.,0
arkley drives forward to the edge of Newcastle's box, but takes too long to pick a shot or pass and is dispossessed. Guimaraes comes away with it for the visitors, until he's clipped from behind and dragged down by the Luton midfielder and Barkley is promptly shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Issa KaboréLuton Town · Midfielder #12Luton make one half-time change ahead of the second period, with Ryan Giles on to replace Kabore.,0
Lewis MileyNewcastle · Midfielder #67Miley also comes off at the same time for Newcastle, though he looks to be moving with no difficulty at all. That's therefore more likely to be a tactical change, and given the Magpies are a goal down here, bringing on Alexander Isak makes sense.,0
Jamaal LascellesNewcastle · Defender #6Lascelles is down having picked up a knock during that previous passage of play, and there's absolutely no let up for Newcastle on the injury front as their captain is forced off, replaced in central defence by Sven Botman.,0
Asst: R. BarkleyGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!!!! The Hatters hit the front!!! Doughty drives forward brilliantly and wins a corner after Trippier blocks his cross out of play. The Luton left-back's delivery from the set-piece is met by Barkley at the near post, whose glancing header is diverted into the back of the net by Townsend's header at the opposite upright!!! A former Newcastle winger comes back to haunt them, and puts Luton 1-0 up at Kenilworth Road!,1
Asst: M. ArnautovićA LATE FOURTH FOR INTER! 4-2! Arnautovic finds himself in acres of space on the right wing after a lovely pass from Sanchez and draws Huijsen towards him, which leaves the entire penalty area unguarded. He unselfishly squares a pass for one of two oncoming team-mates, with Bastoni getting just ahead of Sanchez to slot a first-time finish past Patricio!,1
 second Roma centre-back is booked, with Huijsen shown a yellow card for a shove on Dumfries near the touchline.,2
Paulo DybalaRoma · Striker #21Still searching for a way back into the game with three minutes left, Dybala is withdrawn in favour of Azmoun, who is back from his exploits at the Asian Cup.,0
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9Inzaghi feels Thuram has earned an early rest with his side ahead by a goal, and gives Sanchez a late chance to stretch his legs.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7Baldanzi comes on for his Roma debut after signing from Empoli, taking Pellegrini's spot.,0
Stephan El ShaarawyRoma · Striker #92Looking to add fresh legs to the wings, De Rossi recalls El Shaarawy to the bench and sends on Zalewski.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez comes off without a goal, while Arnautovic gets a chance to give Inter a bit of insurance.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Defender #36With a quarter-hour left to go in the game, Inzaghi changes both his wing-backs, with Dumfries introduced for Darmian.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Defender #32An alteration on the left flank sees Augusto come on for Dimarco.,0
Francesco AcerbiInter · Defender #15Acerbi goes down off the ball holding his calf and immediately calls for a substitution. Inzaghi reacts quickly and chooses one former Lazio defender to cover for another, with De Vrij thrown into the fray.,0
Bryan CristanteRoma · Midfielder #4A first substitution of the match sees Cristante replaced by Bove in midfield.,0
AngeliñoRoma · Defender #69Five minutes after scoring an own goal, Angelino is withdrawn for Spinazzola.,0
sst: M. DarmianGAME ON ONCE AGAIN! 2-2! It’s a lovely strike from Thuram, who meets Darmian’s low cross at the near post with a sliding first-time finish that manages to send Patricio the wrong way!,1
A first yellow card of the match unsurprisingly goes the way of Mancini, for leaping into a mistimed sliding tackle that catches the foot of Mkhitaryan.,2
Asst: L. PellegriniA GOAL AGAINST A FORMER FOE! 2-1 ROMA! Ex-Milan winger El Shaarawy breaks the tie with a superb strike one minute from half-time, receiving Pellegrini’s pass following an Inter corner-kick and squeaking his left-footed shot off the inside of the post and in!,1
Asst: L. PellegriniA CENTRE-BACK RESPONDS! 1-1! Not to be denied by his international team-mate, Mancini pops up on the penalty spot to get on the end of Pellegrini’s quickfire free-kick and nod his finish into the bottom corner to level up the score!,1
A GOAL FOR THE FORMER LAZIO DEFENDER! 1-0 INTER! Dimarco’s second attempt from a corner is much better, lifting it into the six-yard box where it’s flicked on by Lukaku. Acerbi is on the end of the delivery and lifts an expert header back across Patricio and into the net!,1
Rico HenryBrentford · Defender #3Hickey replaces Henry as Brentford's fifth and final change of the match.,0
Ivan ToneyBrentford · Striker #17Schade replaces Toney as Brentford now look to see this game through.,0
Enzo FernándezChelsea · Midfielder #5Felix replaces Fernandez as Chelsea try to rescue a draw.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Striker #17Madueke comes on for Sterling with just over 10 minutes to play.,0
Asst: S. BaptisteGOALLL!!! 2-0 BRENTFORD!!! MBEUMO!!! Mbeumo scores a brilliant goal to double Brentford’s lead! He carries the ball from the halfway line before cutting inside past Fofana and firing the ball in at the near post. A deflection from Silva leaves Kepa with no chance.,1
enry goes into the referee's book after a coming together with Fofana.,2
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Onyeka makes way for Damsgaard as Brentford try to regain some control in this game.,0
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Mbeumo comes on for Wissa to lead the attack with Toney.,0
ensen receives the first booking of the game after a poor challenge.,2
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Midfielder #28Aubamenyang comes on for Azpilicueta as Chelsea move to a back four now.,0
Red card! As Neymar is taken from the field, the referee returns and dismisses Mendes, deeming his challenge to have been worthy of a straight sending-off. There's a little grumble - were Neymar not having to leave prone on a stretcher, he might have escaped with a yellow - but no-one is really complaining.,3
ree-kick to Lyon! Could that be the game? Kimpembe desperately chops at the ball, botches his tackle and gets booked. The visitors are in no rush and put it deep, where it skitters out for a goal-kick.,2
Lucas PaquetáLyon · Midfielder #12Lyon make a late change now, with Maxence Caqueret on for Lucas Paqueta.,0
Houssem AouarLyon · Midfielder #8Lastly, Lyon bring off Aouar and throw on Bruno Guimaraes in his place.,0
Memphis DepayLyon · Striker #10The visitors have also made an attacking change though, with Moussa Dembele on for Depay.,0
Tino KadewereLyon · Striker #11Lyon are going for a defensive approach now; goalscorer Kadewere has been replaced by Sinaly Diomande.,0
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18Lopes is still down, having hit an advertising hoarding when he went to ground, tumbling away. Rafinha is meanwhile on for Kean for the hosts.,0
Desperate six-yard defence from Lyon as Neymar nearly wrestles the ball away from two defenders. He darts back in and pushes over De Sciglio, who in turn crashes into Lopes. A yellow comes his way.,2
Léo DuboisLyon · Defender #14Lyon get in on the act themselves now, and replace Dubois with Mattia De Sciglio.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11Kylian Mbappe now joins the fray too for the hosts, replacing Di Maria, who has been mostly ineffective today.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Indeed, Ander Herrera is the latest new face for PSG. He replaces Paredes, who seems furious to be taken off.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6The hosts also bring out Idrissa Gueye, who takes the place of Verratti.,0
aredes tracks his boot across the back of Depay's heel with a late challenge and the Lyon man absolutely crumples. It looks to have caught the very tip with the studs. It's a booking for the PSG man.,2
arely a minute has elapsed in this half and Kehrer already has a booking for a lunge tackle on Toko Ekambi. It's a rash and particularly wasteful challenge; he'll have to watch himself now.,2
Dubois now bulldozes Neymar in midfield and picks up a booking for his troubles. Lyon's players are not happy about the call - and nor is Neymar, who is busy chelping at the offender after the incident.,2
Asst: K. Toko EkambiGOAL! TINO KADEWERE HANDS LYON THE LEAD! 1-0! That is not a waste! The striker is slipped through into the same spot again, but makes no mistakes as he drills a low finish below Navas at the left post. A beautifully composed strike! PSG trail.,1
Abdou DialloPSG · Defender #22PSG look to have a problem with Diallo, who has taken a few crunching tackles today. He's off - and Thilo Kehrer is on.,0
Giovanni SimeoneCagliari · Striker #99Simeone has had little impact today. He has made way for Pavoletti.,0
Artur IonițăCagliari · Midfielder #21A change for Cagliari, as Marigosu comes on for Ionita.,0
Saelemaekers’ first involvement is to receive a booking for a foul on Mattiello.,2
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Bennacer has also gone off, with Brescianini coming on.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluMilan · Midfielder #10Calhanoglu’s season has also come to a slightly premature end. Saelemaekers is on in his place.,0
Samu CastillejoMilan · Midfielder #7That mistake will be Castillejo’s final act, as he makes way for Maldini, who tested positive for coronavirus during lockdown but has clearly made a full recovery.,0
Luca CeppitelliCagliari · Defender #23Ceppitelli has also gone off, with Carboni his replacement.,0
Ragnar KlavanCagliari · Defender #15A raft of changes for Cagliari. First, Klavan is replaced by Ladinetti.,0
Cragno has received a booking for complaining that the goal was allowed to stand.,2
sst: G. BonaventuraWHAT A GOAL! That is brilliant from Milan, who make it 3-0 in some style. Ibrahimovic intercepted a sloppy pass and turned the ball into Castillejo, who combined with Bonaventura before spinning clear of his marker and slotting a cool finish low into the net.,1
Asst: Samu CastillejoGOOOOOAAALLLL!!! MILAN LEAD 2-0! Well, Ibrahimovic has certainly just made up for his earlier penalty miss, thundering a strike high into the right-hand corner. After latching onto a pass from Castillejo, the forward hammered an unstoppable effort beyond Cragno. That could well be game over.,1
Another booking for Cagliari, as Farago is punished for pulling back Bennacer.,2
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Bonaventura is on for Milan, with Leao, who has an ice pack on the back of his left leg, making way.,0
Matters get worse for Cagliari, as Pereiro receives a booking for a foul on Bennacer, who has to receive treatment.,2
alker brings down Sessegnon on the counter after giving the ball away. He goes into the book.,2
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Kulusevski makes way to allow Sanchez to enter the action to fill the void from Romero's departure.,0
RED CARD! Romero sticks out a leg and brings down Grealish on the charge. He receives his second booking and then a red card.,3
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Silva has not been at his best today and makes way for Gundogan.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Son is withdrawn by the home side and is replaced by Bissouma to shore up the midfield.,0
Ederson is booked for dissent after appealing for a free-kick for Lewis after he went down under pressure from Kulusevski.,2
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Sessegnon replaces Perisic for the final 11 minutes of the game to provide fresh legs down the left flank.,0
Perisic brings down Silva on the charge with a cynical challenge. He goes into the book without complaint.,2
Riyad MahrezMan City · Midfielder #26De Bruyne enters the action to replace Mahrez in the final third.,0
Romero slides in hard on Haaland in the City half and goes into the book. That was a needless challenge.,2
Bentancur catches Lewis late with challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: P. HøjbjergGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KANE FIRES SPURS AHEAD!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Kane breaks the deadlock, becomes Tottenham's all-time leading goal-scorer and scores his 200th Premier League goal. Hojbjerg wins possession on the edge of the City box with pressure on Lewis from a loose Rodri pass. The Dane offloads to Kane, who finds space and places his strike away from Ederson into the bottom-left corner. What a moment for the forward.,1
Mahmut Tekdemirİstanbul Başakşehir · Midfielder #21The last of the available substitutions sees Chadli on for Tekdemir, who has successfully walked the tightrope after his early booking yesterday.,0
Fredrik Gulbrandsenİstanbul Başakşehir · Striker #22Gulbrandsen is off for Basaksehir having missed those early chances to give his side a surprise lead. Teenager Emre takes his place.,0
Presnel KimpembePSG · Defender #3And the third and final PSG switch sees Kimpembe, who had taken the armband in Marquinhos' absence, off for Diallo.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6PSG rest another key man in Verratti as Gueye is brought on.,0
Enzo Crivelliİstanbul Başakşehir · Striker #27The final change for now sees Crivelli off shortly after his booking. Ba is introduced.,0
Hasan Ali Kaldırımİstanbul Başakşehir · Defender #3There are changes at both full-back positions as Bolingoli comes on for Kadirim.,0
Rafaelİstanbul Başakşehir · Defender #4Basaksehir respond with a triple-change. First, Giuliano replaces Rafael.,0
MarquinhosPSG · Defender #5Marquinhos is making way for PSG. He is so key to their hopes and appeared to pick up a knock moments earlier, indicating to a bruise on his hip. On comes Kehrer.,0
sst: A. Di MaríaGOOAAALLLL!!! MBAPPE! 5-1! A fifth PSG goal felt inevitable from the moment Basaksehir got one back. The visitors kept trying to attack and are now picked off on the break again. Neymar sends Di Maria through and the substitute squares to Mbappe for a simple finish into an open goal. Too easy.,1
sst: İ. KahveciGOOAAALLLL!!! TOPAL! Basaksehir get one back. It is a fortunate goal as Kahveci's powerful blast from just inside the area following a corner bounces off Topal's knee and beyond Navas.,1
Asst: A. Di MaríaGOOAAALLLL!!! NEYMAR HAT-TRICK! It is another supreme strike! The forward again cuts in from the left and lashes a brilliant 20-yard drive beyond Gunok. This is no less than the former Barcelona man deserves.,1
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12There is no let up from PSG. They are coasting but now introduce Di Maria in place of Rafinha for the second half.,0
enalty GoalGOOAAALLLL!!! MBAPPE! THE DROUGHT IS OVER! Mbappe had not scored in the Champions League all year, but Neymar, on a hat-trick, allows his team-mate to take the penalty and get his campaign up and running. A calm finish beats Gunok for 3-0!,1
Asst: K. MbappeGOOAAALLLL!!! NEYMAR AGAIN! From a Basaksehir corner, PSG break and Rafinha profits on a lucky bounce on halfway. The ball evades Ozcan, allowing Rafinha to feed Mbappe, who in turns sets up Neymar. A low shot is half-blocked by Gunok, but the ball squirms over the line. 2-0!,1
Asst: M. VerrattiGOOAAALLLL!!! NEYMAR! What a goal! 1-0 PSG! This is a beauty. The PSG forward takes the ball from Verratti 25 yards from goal, quickly turns and knocks it through the legs of Ponck, and then curls a delightful finish into the top-right corner.,1
nother early yellow card now, this time it is shown to Rafael after the right-back stops Bakker in his tracks as he flicked the ball past him.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Tekdemir after a couple of kicks out at Neymar and he brings the striker down.,2
bappe picks up the first yellow card of the game after he clips the back of Claude Maurice's legs to stop the break.,2
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Paredes is also making way, with Pereira on in his place.,0
Moise KeanPSG · Midfielder #18There's another double change for PSG now, and it's the goalscorer, Kean, that's being taken off, with Herrera on for him.,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23Draxler is also being taken off, with Sarabia on in his place.,0
Layvin KurzawaPSG · Defender #20PSG have been waiting a long time to make a double change and they finally can after the goal. Kurzawa is the first to make way, with Bakker replacing him.,0
Asst: M. IcardiKEAN SCORES! None of the Nice defenders spot his run through the middle of the box and he reacts quickly when Icardi plays it back across the box as he nods it in from close range. 2-1 PSG!,1
NICE ARE LEVEL! It's a poor clearance by Marquinhos as he plays it straight to Lopes on the opposite side of the box. He takes a touch before drilling his shot over Navas and into the roof of the net. 1-1!,1
PSG LEAD! Kehrer initially plays a dangerous cross into the six-yard box and Icardi slides onto it at the far post but sends his effort against the woodwork. Draxler follows it in though and fires his shot into the back of the net. 1-0 PSG!,1
Moise KeanEverton · Striker #27Niasse is given some rare Premier League minutes as he replaces Kean, who has only been on the field for 20 minutes.,0
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21Mata replaces James for the final stages. Both teams have now made two of their three changes.,0
Asst: D. JamesGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-1 EVERTON!! Substitute Greenwood drags United back on level terms! James cuts inside and lays it off to Greenwood, who shows just why he is rated so highly by Solskjaer as he picks out the bottom corner from 18 yards.,1
BernardEverton · Midfielder #20Kean comes on for Bernard in Everton's second change of the contest.,0
indelof barges into the back of Calvert-Lewin and becomes the first United player to be shown a yellow card.,2
Jesse LingardMan United · Midfielder #14Lingard, who took James' shot clean in the face a few minutes ago, is replaced by Greenwood for the final 25 minutes.,0
icharlison fails to keep the ball in play and boots it into the stands in a sign of frustration.,2
Lucas DigneEverton · Defender #12Digne is unable to shake off the injury and is replaced by Baines in a like-for-like change.,0
McTominay tries to launch an attack through central midfield but is clattered by Davies, who is shown an early yellow card.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Vinicius comes off following that VAR decision, and is replaced by right-back Dani Carvajal, in a switch that will most likely see Vazquez push forward into the front three.,0
Samú CostaAlmería · Midfielder #23Alejandro Centelles also comes on, and will see out the game in place of Costa in midfield.,0
Sergio AkiemeAlmería · Defender #15Almeria make further changes as they push to make the game even tighter, bringing off Akieme for Gonzalo Melero inside the last 15 minutes.,0
Robertone does well to win possession from Vinicius' mazy dribble, but is clipped late as he clears the ball by Camavinga, who goes into the book as a result.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo has been excellent down the right for Real and bagged their most recent goal, with a like-for-like replacement coming on in the form of Marco Asensio.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Kroos comes off in the first of Los Blancos' changes, and Nacho is on in his place, likely to slot into the base of Madrid's midfield.,0
Mendes is determined not to be beaten again by Vinicius and barges him off the ball. A bit too aggresively for the referee's liking though, as he's shown a yellow card.,2
Lazaro arrives late to tackle Vazquez and stands on the full-back's boot, warranting a free-kick for Madrid and a yellow card for the Brazilian.,2
Largie RamazaniAlmería · Midfielder #7Ramazani set up Almeria's first goal at the end of the first half, and has been a threat whenever his side have had the possession in the final third. Hre's off now though, and Luis Suarez, who netted twice in the capital against Getafe last time out, is on.,0
sst: F. PortilloGOOOOAAALL!!! An instant impact from Robertone, and don't count Almeria out just yet! Kroos massive undersells Rudiger with a poor pass inside his own box. The centre-back is dispossessed and the ball comes back to Portillo, whose near-post cross is headed in brilliantly by Robertone! Lackadaisical from Real Madrid, and clinical from Almeria, who close the gap to 4-2 and set up a tense final half hour at the Bernabeu!,1
Arnau Puigmal MartínezAlmería · Midfielder #18Almeria make their first changes with both coming in midfield, as Puigmal comes off for the introduction of Inigo Eguaras.,0
César de la HozAlmería · Midfielder #6Rojiblancos captain De la Hoz also comes off, with Lucas Robertone entering the fray for the visitors.,0
Asst: D. CeballosGOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! What a way to kick off the second half!!! Almeria lose possession far too easily in their own third of the pitch, and Camavinga finds Ceballos. He passes to Rodrygo on the edge of the box, who turns away from Akieme, stops, and rifles a thunderous finish into right the top corner of Martinez's goal! It's 4-1 to the hosts, and the power of that shot nearly took the net off as Real Madrid restore their three-goal lead!,1
Asst: L. RamazaniGOOOOAAALLL!!! Almeria rip up the script as they pull a goal back! A cross from the right is brought back into the danger area by Akieme, who finds Ramazani in the box. He drills the ball across the face of goal, where Lazaro arrives to tap home at the far post! Almeria reduce the deficit to 3-1, and that'll do their confidence a world of good in the second half!,1
enalty GoalGOOOOAAALL!!! First. Half. Hat-trick!! Benzema steps up as coolly as ever and without fuss slots the ball into the bottom-right corner, sending Martinez the wrong way and putting Real Madrid 3-0 up in the process. He's got three, Madrid have three, and barring a near-miraculous Almeria comeback in the second half, the three points will also be Los Blancos' come full-time.,1
Vinicius is held back by Mendes and wins a free-kick, but his furious demanding of a booking for the Almeria full-back goes a touch too far, and the referee instead shows him one for dissent!,2
sst: RodrygoGOOOOOAAALLL!!! Make it five in a row!! Real Madrid double their lead as Vazquez dribbles into space down the right. Finding Rodrygo on an underlapping run, the winger shows great strength and skill to beat Costa in cover, before cutting the ball back to Benzema, who rifles it into the bottom corner! 2-0 inside 17 minutes, and Los Blancos are already in cruise control and firmly on top.,1
sst: V. JúniorGOOOOOAAALLL!!! A sublime start for Los Blancos!! Militao's inch-perfect cross-field pass finds Vinicius on the fly, who darts past his marker and clips the ball into the middle with the outside of his foot. Benzema arrives, and as we've become so accustomed to, Benzema finishes, slotting into the back of the net to give Real Madrid a 1-0 lead! A goal of the highest quality, and the hosts lead inside five first-half minutes.,1
Rafael Santos Borré MauryEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #19,0
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2Walker, just involved in the incident that saw Zaroury given his marching orders, makes way for McAtee.,0
ZAROURY IS SENT OFF!!! The replays show the substitute's right foot catches Walker high on his left leg, and a VAR review rules the tackle is worthy of a red card. Burnley are down to 10 men!,3
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9Haaland will not get a hat-trick to start the season as his outing is over. Palmer is on in his place.,0
Rico LewisMan City · Defender #82Guardiola does indeed make changes, first bringing on Gvardiol for his City debut as Lewis makes way.,0
GOAL!!! RODRI SURELY KILLS IT OFF!!! After City were awarded a free-kick for Al Dakhil bundling over Haaland, Foden's set-piece delivery causes havoc in the Burnley box as they fail to clear their lines. It sits up nicely for Rodri to hit, and he coolly smashes home to make it 3-0 to the visitors and surely end any hopes of a Clarets comeback.,1
Luca KoleoshoBurnley · Midfielder #30Kompany looks to his bench, first introducing Bruun Larsen for his Burnley debut in place of Koleosho.,0
sst: J. ÁlvarezGOAL!!! HAALAND AGAIN!!! It is a quite brilliant finish to put City 2-0 up, perhaps against the run of play, as he receives the ball in the box from Alvarez. He opts to shoot first-time, and he curls superbly into the top left corner, kissing the crossbar and going in to put his team in control at Turf Moor.,1
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17De Bruyne does indeed limp off, and Kovacic comes on in his place for his City debut.,0
sst: RodriGOAL!!! HAALAND PUTS CITY AHEAD!!! Having netted 36 Premier League goals last season, it has taken just four minutes for him to open his account for this campaign. It is a typical Haaland goal as he lurks in the box while De Bruyne lofts a deep cross for Rodri. The midfielder nods it back across, and the Norway international is waiting to smash home and put the champions 1-0 up!,1
Juranovic gets booked for a foul. Pretty unnecessary, given the score and the time left.,2
Christopher NkunkuRB Leipzig · Midfielder #18Nkunku's night is done as he comes off for Novoa.,0
Asst: T. WernerIT'S TWOOOOOO! Celtic 0-2 RB Leipzig. A cross-field pass to Werner cuts through half of Celtic's team. The German striker holds on to the ball for a second before laying it off to Forsberg, who takes a couple of touches to move forward and shoots it into the top corner. You can hear a pin drop in the stadium as the Celtic fans are stunned to silence.,1
Daizen MaedaCeltic · Midfielder #38Bernabei comes on for Maeda as Celtic look to get back in this.,0
André SilvaRB Leipzig · Striker #19Rose wastes no time making subs after the goal. First, Poulsen comes on for Silva.,0
Asst: A. SilvaGOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL!! THE DEADLOCK IS BROKEN. Celtic 0-1 RB Leipzig! From the left, the ball comes in, and Werner's long-range header soars into the back of the net! It's truly a FANTASTIC header from a player who has been relatively poor all game.,1
Sead HakšabanovićCeltic · Midfielder #9Celtic's third sub is Turnbull coming on for Hatate.,0
Kyogo FuruhashiCeltic · Striker #8Postecoglou has decided that he's seen enough and makes some changes. First up, Kyogo comes off for Giakoumakis.,0
Liel AbadaCeltic · Midfielder #11Celtic were playing with 10 men for a few moments as Abada seems to have hit his knee against Raum. He comes back on the pitch but only for a second before telling the coaching staff that he can't continue. He comes off for Forrest.,0
The intensity has gone down a bit as Hatate gets booked for a foul on Schlager.,2
sst: AntonyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KLAASSEN NOTCHES A THIRD FOR AJAX!!! 3-1!!!!! The visitors end the game on the highest of notes as Klaassen converts from close range. Antony continues his dominant performance as he collects in space in the right-inside channel before he cuts the ball back across the face of goal. Klaassen makes a late run and dispatched a close-range finish into the middle of the net.,1
Asst: AntonyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! HALLER HEADS AJAX IN FRONT!!!! 2-1 AJAX!!!! The Dutch side take the lead through a sublime header from Haller. Antony again cuts inside from the right flank and delivers a precise cross with his left foot into the box. Haller rises ahead of Akanji and guides his effort away from Kobel into the left corner of the net. Dortmund's defence has been undone in the closing stages.,1
Knauff brings down Mazraoui down the right flank for Ajax and goes into the book. The visitors have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Marco ReusDortmund · Striker #11Knauff is on for Reus, who has worked tirelessly for his team tonight.,0
Steffen TiggesDortmund · Striker #27Tigges makes way for Malen for the home side. Tigges struggled to get into the contest this evening.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! TADIC STRIKES AT THE BACK POST!!!!! 1-1!!!! Ajax are level as Tadic latches on to a deflected cross from Antony to steer home a left-footed effort. Antony cuts in from the right flank and clips a cross into the Dortmund box. It deflects off the head of Pongracic, which takes the ball into the path of Tadic at the back post. He holds his composure to guide an effort past a stranded Kobel.,1
Steven BerghuisAjax · Midfielder #23Kudus replaces Berghuis for the visitors in the final third.,0
Marius WolfDortmund · Defender #39Wolf is forced off due to injury and is replaced at left-back by Passlack. ,0
Edson ÁlvarezAjax · Midfielder #4Klaassen replaces Alvarez in the Ajax midfield at the break. Ten Hag is taking no chances with the midfielder already on a yellow card.,0
lvarez catches Belligham late after he loses possession and goes into the book.,2
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! REUS CONVERTS FROM THE PENALTY SPOT!!!! 1-0 DORTMUND!!! The home side take the lead as Reus hammers fires his right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner. Pasveer gets a hand to the ball, but he cannot keep it out. Dortmund have a lead to defend.,1
Thorgan HazardDortmund · Striker #10Pongracic enters the action at the back to replace Hazard, who is sacrificed by Rose.,0
OFF! Hummels slides in from behind on Antony down the left flank and referee Michael Oliver brandishes the red card. It appears a harsh decision on the field, and will be reviewed by VAR.,3
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp's goal looks to have wrapped up the three points for Palace, he is substituted and his replacement is Sako.,0
Ryan BabelFulham · Striker #12Fulham make their third and final substitution in the aftermath of the Palace goal, with Babel coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Ayite.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Palace double their lead, it's 2-0! Schlupp with the goal that has surely wrapped up all three points for the home side. Batshuayi turned just inside the penalty area and curled the ball towards the top corner, forcing Rico into making a superb save. Unfortunately for the Fulham goalkeeper, the rebound falls straight to Schlupp, who fires the ball into the back of the net from just a couple of yards out.,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #14Palace make their second change, with Ayew coming off and he is replaced by Batshuayi, who joined the club this week on loan from Chelsea.,0
Wan-Bissaka is the latest player to be booked after his late challenge on Bryan, which the referee played the advantage for and then booked the Palace right-back the next time we had a stoppage in play.,2
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #17Palace make their first change of the game, with Benteke the man coming off and he has been replaced by Meyer.,0
Cyrus ChristieFulham · Midfielder #22Here is the Fulham change, with Christie forced to come off with an injury, he has been replaced by Fosu-Mensah.,0
A yellow card is shown to Babel after a poor challenge on Wan-Bissaka.,2
Tim ReamFulham · Defender #13Fulham have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Ream replaced by Vietto.,0
doi is shown a yellow card by the referee after his late challenge on Ayew, just inside the Palace half.,2
Le Marchand is the first Fulham player to be booked after he drags Benteke to the ground, as the striker looked to break through on goal.,2
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Milivojevic makes no mistakes from the penalty spot, powering the ball past Rico and into the back of the net. The Fulham goalkeeper went the right way, but there was too much pace on the ball for him to stop it. Palace lead 1-0!,1
Early yellow card is shown to Ayew, after he stops the visitors from taking a free-kick quickly, a blatant block to try and stop the Fulham counter-attack. He also follows through and catches Seri, a silly booking to pick up.,2
Asst: DaniloDYBALA GETS HIMSELF A GOAL! 4-1! Musso is furious with his defence after a Danilo pass is allowed to casually roll between Udinese's centre-backs for Dybala to get onto. From there, a lovely scooped effort leaves the goalkeeper rooted to the spot as Juventus score a fourth!,1
UDINESE FIND THEIR BREAKTHROUGH! Molina’s clever work down the flank gets him free of his marker, allowing him to roll a low cross into the six-yard box for Nestorovski. His touch is poked away by Szczesny for Zeegelaar, who finishes with aplomb! 3-1!,1
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Alex Sandro gets the rest of the match off as Frabotta is sent on in his place. ,0
Leonardo BonucciJuventus · Defender #19Chiellini replaces Bonucci as one veteran, experienced centre-back is on for another. ,0
WalaceUdinese · Midfielder #11Walace is replaced by Makengo with just under 10 minutes remaining. ,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22Bernardeschi replaces Chiesa as Pirlo looks to give his winger a rest. ,0
Kevin LasagnaUdinese · Striker #15Udinese change things up in attack as Nestorovski replaces Lasagna. ,0
Roberto PereyraUdinese · Midfielder #37One former Juventus player is on for another, as Mandragora is introduced in Pereyra's place. ,0
Aaron RamseyJuventus · Midfielder #8Ramsey's match is over after 74 minutes, as the former Arsenal midfielder is replaced by Kulusevski. ,0
sst: R. BentancurJUVENTUS FIND THEIR THIRD! Samir’s lazy pass in midfield is intercepted by Bentancur, who immediately sends Ronaldo into the penalty area with a leading ball. The Portugal international takes a touch to set himself before dispatching a low, side-footed effort into the bottom corner! 3-0!,1
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #14Juventus make a change as Arthur replaces McKennie in midfield. ,0
Sebastien De MaioUdinese · Defender #87Molina replaces De Maio with 25 minutes remaining. ,0
e Ligt slides into a rash challenge in midfield in order to prevent a counter-attack, but he catches his man and receives a yellow card for the tackle.,2
Asst: C. RonaldoCHIESA MAKES IT 2-0! Just a minute after seeing his strike at goal saved, he finds the back of the net - latching onto a throughball from Ronaldo hit with the outside of his foot and sending a left-footed effort past Musso at the far corner!,1
Ignacio PussettoUdinese · Striker #23Udinese make a change at half-time, as Pussetto is recalled to the bench after sustaining an injury at the end of the first half. Forestieri is his replacement.,0
An awkward tackle from McKennie inside Udinese’s half lands the United States international in hot water with the referee - he’s booked for the infringement. ,2
sst: A. RamseyJUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! Ramsey pokes possession away from De Paul following a lax throw-in, which plays Ronaldo into the penalty area. From there, the Portugal international cuts inside and smashes a strike high into the net! 1-0!,1
The first yellow card of the match goes the way of Chiesa, who can’t believe his luck. There appeared to be a bit of hand-fighting between the winger and Lasagna - with the Juventus player deemed the responsible party. ,2
Asst: B. DíazGOAL GOAL GOAL!!!! MILAN 2-2 VERONA - Ibrahimovic finds the net and Milan finally have their goal. The Swede stung the palms of Silvestri but stayed alert and just when Verona thought the danger was over, Brahim Diaz picks out the forward who heads into the far corner.,1
Tameze is carded for appealing against the Ibrahimovic handball. ,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluMilan · Midfielder #10One final throw of the dice by Pioli? Calhanoglu comes off and Hauge enters the game with just minutes remaining.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Rafael Leao makes way and on comes Brahim Diaz. He has 12 minutes to help Milan draw level.,0
Giangiacomo MagnaniVerona · Defender #23Magnani, who scored an own goal earlier tonight, is on his way to the touchline to be replaced by Cetin.,0
Ivan IlićVerona · Midfielder #14Verona make another substitution as Ilic makes way for Udogie.,0
Nikola KalinićVerona · Striker #29Kalinic also makes way and Colley comes on for the final 26 minutes.,0
Paweł DawidowiczVerona · Midfielder #27Juric is forced to make a change as Dawidowicz signals that he cannot continue, on comes Tameze.,0
ennacer loses his cool and flies into a tackle, receiving a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Despite a strong display in the first 45 minutes, Saelemaekers makes way for Rebic.,0
ovato is the second Verona player to be shown a card after bringing down Rafael Leao as he made his way towards goal.,2
Saelemaekers goes down and lets his frustrations be known to the official. Ceccherini was the man that clipped him, and the Verona defender is now carded as a result. Milan have a free-kick in a dangerous area...,2
OAAALLLL - MILAN 0-1 VERONA - Barak wheels away at the far post and Verona have score from the resulting corner. Ceccherini's header clipped the underside of the crossbar and hit Donnarumma on the back. The deflection fell straight into the path of Barak who tapped into an empty net to hand Verona the lead.,1
erino is booked for the sliding challenge on Griezmann just outside the box.,2
Jan OblakAtlético Madrid · Goalkeeper #13Oblak limps off the pitch with the medical team before going straight down the tunnel. Grbic comes on for the last five minutes or so.,0
Andoni GorosabelReal Sociedad · Defender #18Sociedad are making their final change here, with Sola coming on in place of Gorosabel.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19And Correa is also being brought on to replace Morata, who is making complaints to the fourth official as he exits the pitch.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Atletico are making a double change here. Carrasco is the first to go off, with Hermoso on for him.,0
Gorosabel is late getting across to Carrasco, and he's shown a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Mohamed-Ali ChoReal Sociedad · Striker #11And lastly, Cho, who has had a brilliant game, is taken off, with Barrenetxea on for him.,0
Igor ZubeldiaReal Sociedad · Defender #5Zubeldia is also making way, with Elustondo on in his place.,0
David SilvaReal Sociedad · Midfielder #21Sociedad have had to wait a while to make this triple change. Silva is the first to go off, with Kubo replacing him.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Atletico make their second change as they look to restore their lead. De Paul goes off to be replaced by Griezmann.,0
Morata thought he should've won a free-kick, but the referee played on, and now he's making his frustration known. He's booked for dissent.,2
ubeldia is late with his challenge on Joao Felix and he's the latest player to go into the referee's book.,2
Asst: M. ChoSADIQ EQUALISES! Silva works it out to Cho on the left and he gets the better of Gimenez to clip a cross into the far post. Reinildo misjudges it and it sails over him, leaving Sadiq to nod it in from inches out. After a quick VAR check for offside, it stands! 1-1!,1
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #17And for Atletico, it's Saul, who is on a booking, that's going off, with Kondogbia replacing him.,0
Alexander SørlothReal Sociedad · Striker #19Both sides are making a change at the start of the second half, beginning with Sociedad. Sadiq comes on to make his debut in place of Sorloth.,0
Atletico were awarded a free-kick, but they can't take it yet due to a disagreement between Llorente and Cho. It quickly gets heated and Llorente is shown a yellow card for his involvement.,2
Cho is also booked for his part after he squared up to Llorente during the incident.,2
ubimendi was losing track of Morata and clipped him with a late challenge, which earns him a yellow card.,2
e Paul has a couple of attempts at tugging Merino back and eventually goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Saul lunges into a heavy challenge on Gorosabel and takes out the right-back, getting nowhere near the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
MORATA SCORES! It's a brilliant corner from Carrasco as he whips it against the bottom of the near post. Remiro is left scrambling and Morata is left with a simple tap-in from the middle of the box. 1-0 Atletico!,1
Asst: N. BarellaGOAAAAALLLL! BROZOVIC SCORES! 1-0 INTER! Inter get a late winner through Brozovic. Barella chips the ball into the midfielder who gets to the ball first and loops it past the glove of Milinkovic-Savic.,1
Yellow card for Dimarco after bringing down Linetty outside the box. Big chance for Torino.,2
anabria receives a yellow card after VAR for a high arm on Calhanoglu when jumping for the ball. He was originally given a red card for the challenge.,2
Gelhardt is trying to stop Bournemouth from taking a quick free-kick, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth are making a late double change as they try to salvage a point. Billing is the first to go off, with Stanislas on for him.,0
Marcos SenesiBournemouth · Defender #25And Senesi is also making way, with Rothwell replacing him.,0
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Final change for Leeds now, and it's a defensive one as they look to preserve the three points. Aaronson makes way, with Ayling on to replace him.,0
Asst: W. GnontoSUMMERVILLE SCORES! What a turnaround by Leeds! It was Bournemouth that were caught out on the counter this time, with Gnonto starting the move from deep in his own half. He drives forward before threading it through to Summerville, who keeps his cool to fire his shot past Travers into the back of the net. 4-3 Leeds!,1
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Leeds are making their third change before the corner can be taken. Rodrigo, who scored the opening goal, goes off for Gelhardt.,0
Ryan FredericksBournemouth · Defender #2Bournemouth are making their first change of the game. Fredericks, who went down injured a few moments ago, is now making way for Stacey.,0
sst: S. GreenwoodCOOPER EQUALISES! The corner is whipped into the box by Greenwood and he puts it into the far post. Cooper is tussling with Mepham, but he stoops to thump his header past Travers, who doesn't see it coming, and into the bottom corner. 3-3!,1
Tavernier is away down the left again, and he loses Greenwood before Kristensen takes over. The right-back slides in, taking out Tavernier as well as Adams, and he's booked for it.,2
GREENWOOD PULLS ONE BACK! And what a goal it is! It's patient build-up from Leeds as they work it from right to left, and Summerville tees up Struijk, who sees a powerful shot blocked. The rebound rolls nicely to Greenwood on the edge of the box, and he curls his first-time shot into the far top corner. 3-2!,1
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8Second change for Leeds now, and it's an attacking one. Roca is taken off and replaced by Greenwood.,0
epham leads with his elbow in an aerial duel with Rodrigo, catching the Spaniard in the head, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
sst: M. TavernierSOLANKE SCORES! Leeds are caught on the counter again, and they're made to pay for it! Tavernier has space to run into down the left again, and he fizzes a low cross into the box. Solanke is off-balance, with Adams tight to his back, but he manages to flick the back heel over the line. 3-1 Bournemouth!,1
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Leeds are making a change at the break. Gnonto comes on to make his home debut on his 19th birthday in place of Harrison.,0
erma makes no attempt to play the ball as he steps in to block Summerville's run, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: M. TavernierBILLING SCORES! And Bournemouth have turned this game around! It's a long ball over the top from Mepham that picks out Tavernier's run and his shot across goal is parried by Meslier. He keeps it alive though, pulling it back for Billing, who lifts a brilliant first-time effort into the top corner, giving the keeper no chance. 2-1 Bournemouth!,1
TAVERNIER EQUALISES! It's a great response by Bournemouth! Billing spins away from Struijk on the right to open up space for the cross. Koch flicks it away in the middle, but only to the unmarked Tavernier, who hits the shot on the half-volley, and Meslier can't keep it out despite getting a hand to it. 1-1!,1
Penalty GoalRODRIGO SCORES! As cool as you like, the Spaniard slots it home! He takes a casual run up from the edge of the box and just hesitates before striking the ball as Travers leans to his left. Rodrigo then opens his foot to roll it to the keeper's right into the back of the net. 1-0 Leeds!,1
Nketiah is away from Dier and the defender wraps an arm around his shoulder to drag him back. He's protesting his innocence, but he's shown a yellow card.,2
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4The final change for Arsenal sees Tomiyasu come on to replace White for the last few minutes.,0
It's a late challenge from Martinelli on Doherty, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9Jesus is also taken off and replaced by Nketiah.,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Another double change for Arsenal now, with Odegaard the first to make way for Vieira.,0
It's a clumsy challenge from Saliba on Bentancur just outside the box and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Pierre-Emile HøjbjergTottenham · Midfielder #5Final change for Spurs now as Skipp comes on in place of Hojbjerg.,0
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35And Tierney comes on in place of Zinchenko.,0
Thomas ParteyArsenal · Midfielder #5Arsenal are making a double change of their own here. Partey, who opened the scoring, is replaced by Lokonga.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7And Doherty is also being brought on for Son.,0
RicharlisonTottenham · Midfielder #9Richarlison is also going off, with Sessegnon coming on to replace him.,0
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Perisic is also making way, with Bissouma on for him.,0
Clément LengletTottenham · Defender #34Spurs are making a quadruple change here. Lenglet is the first to go off, with Sanchez on in his place.,0
Asst: G. MartinelliXHAKA SCORES! Partey drags Arsenal out of their own half before switching it out to Martinelli, and he gets to the edge of the box with a lovely bit of play. He touches it onto Xhaka, who has space ahead of him, and he coolly slots his shot under Lloris into the back of the net. 3-1 Arsenal!,1
EMERSON IS OFF! Martinelli tried to skip past him down the right and Emerson was late getting across. He sticks out a leg, scraping his studs down Martinelli's ankle and the referee shows him a straight red card. Spurs are down to 10 men!,3
ESUS SCORES! What a start to the second half for Arsenal! Partey spreads it out to Saka on the right, and he cuts inside before curling a shot on goal. Lloris pushes it away and Romero's touch bounces back under the goalkeeper and Jesus is hovering to pounce on the loose ball and poke it into the empty net. 2-1 Arsenal!,1
Penalty GoalKANE SCORES! He was made to wait to take the penalty while the referee spoke to players from both sides who were encroaching, but it didn't faze him. He sends his shot straight down the middle, while Ramsdale dived to his right, and Spurs are level. 1-1!,1
sst: B. WhitePARTEY SCORES! And what a goal it is! Arsenal's patient play pays off as Saka touches it back to White, and he spots Partey in space through the middle. He runs onto it first time, side-footing the ball around Bentacur in front of him and into the top-right corner of the net. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Dimarco is also given a breather. Augusto comes on in his place.,0
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9Thuram is given a well-earned rest with Sanchez coming on in his place.,0
Nicolò CambiaghiEmpoli · Midfielder #28Empoli make a double-change. The first sees Destro replace Cambiaghi.,0
Stiven ShpendiEmpoli · Striker #7Cancellieri also enters the action with Shpendi making way.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Inter also make a change at the back with De Vrij replacing Bastoni.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez is also withdrawn by Inzaghi. Arnautovic takes his place.,0
Davide FrattesiInter · Midfielder #16Fratessi is given a breather by Inter as he goes off to be replaced by Barella.,0
Filippo RanocchiaEmpoli · Midfielder #22Grassi also enters the action with Ranocchia making way.,0
Răzvan MarinEmpoli · Midfielder #18The hosts make two changes. The first sees Fazzini replace Marin.,0
DIMARCO!!! 1-0 INTER! What a strike! A corner is only cleared to the edge of the box, where Dimarco sends a beautiful first-time volley flying into the top corner.,1
Ardian IsmajliEmpoli · Defender #34Ismajli is forced off with injury and replaced by Walukiewicz.,0
ezzella remonstrates with the referee having felt a free-kick should have gone Empoli's way. He is booked for his troubles.,2
Acerbi receives the first yellow card of the game after a foul on Shpendi.,2
Due to a blatant case of time-wasting, during the second minute of at least four added for stoppages, Foderingham is booked.,2
Picking up his fifth yellow card of the season - which will result in a suspension - Robinson clearly hauls back Norgaard in midfield.,2
Perceived to be time-wasting by the referee, Bogle finds himself booked - much to the vocal disgust of the home fans!,2
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28Potentially today's match-winner, McAtee makes his way off, as young Peck is handed an opportunity to impress.,0
Andre BrooksSheffield United · Midfielder #35Brooks is now withdrawn by Wilder, with Lowe sent on to provide fresh legs in the Sheffield United defence.,0
Keane Lewis-PotterBrentford · Striker #23Olakigbe also comes on, with Lewis-Potter making way.,0
Shandon BaptisteBrentford · Midfielder #26Frank is clearly dissatisfied with his team's performance, making two more changes. First, Baptiste is replaced by Damsgaard.,0
William OsulaSheffield United · Striker #32It's been a frustrating day for Osula, who has had very little service and is now replaced by Ben Slimane up front, shortly after being yellow-carded.,0
Now booked for a raised boot on Pinnock in midfield, Osula's miserable game continues - he's barely touched the ball so far.,2
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Having narrowly escaped a red card before the break, Onyeka has been withdrawn. Young prospect Yarmoliuk is sent on to replace him in Brentford's midfield.,0
Asst: G. HamerTHE BLADES STRIKE FIRST! Pinnock makes a hash of clearing the ball from the edge of Brentford's area, and Sheffield United take full advantage. Hamer coolly picks out McAtee on the right side of the box, before the Manchester City loanee curls a brilliant finish into the top-left corner! Flekken had no chance: 1-0 to Sheffield United!,1
Leaving his opponent writhing in agony on the soaking wet turf, Onyeka is shown a yellow card for a studs-up challenge on Vinicius.,2
rusty's name is taken by the referee, after a late sliding challenge upends Lewis-Potter near the left touchline.,2
Gleison BremerTorino · Defender #3Buongiorno comes on for Bremer as we near added time at the end of this game.,0
Wilfried SingoTorino · Midfielder #17Singo makes way for Ansaldi as the visitors look for a winner.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #27Arthur also comes on as he replaces Locatelli.,0
sst: J. BrekaloThe visitors are level!!! Belotti is the scorer as he grabs his third Serie A goal of the season. Brekalo did superbly to get to the byline and dip a cross in, where Belotti was waiting to volley home. It wasn't a great shot and Szczesny will be disappointed to have let that in.,1
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Midfielder #10That was Dybala's last act of the evening as he makes way for McKennie.,0
Luca PellegriniJuventus · Defender #17De Sciglio comes on for Pellegrini at the break.,0
sst: J. CuadradoJuventus take the lead!!! Cuadrado whips in a corner from the left, where De Ligt is there to meet it with a towering header. He leaps the highest at the back post and beats the goalkeeper with a superb header.,1
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Young comes on for Perisic on the left flank.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Barella makes way for Vidal in midfield.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Inter make a triple substitution with the game as good as won. The first change sees Darmian go off with D'Ambrosio taking his place.,0
ANCHEZ! 3-0! Lukaku forces Perin into a brilliant save from close range, but Onguene's clearance falls to Sanchez who heads it beyond the recovering goalkeeper from five yards! Initially, Lukaku is ruled offside, but after a check with VAR the goal is given!,1
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez is replaced in attack by Sanchez.,0
Filippo MelegoniGenoa · Midfielder #24Melegoni is replaced in midfield by Portanova.,0
Asst: R. LukakuDARMIAN! 2-0! Lukaku spins past Onguene near the centre-circle and runs at the Genoa defence to the draw them in, before releasing Darmian who rifles a low shot across Perin and in from 12 yards!,1
Paolo GhiglioneGenoa · Midfielder #18Ghiglione also departs with Shomurodov taking his place.,0
Gianluca ScamaccaGenoa · Striker #9Scamacca makes way for Pandev in attack.,0
Ivan RadovanovićGenoa · Defender #21Radovanovic is replaced in defence by Onguene.,0
Kevin StrootmanGenoa · Midfielder #20Genoa make a double substitution at half time: the first change sees Strootman make way for Behrami.,0
Strootman is shown a yellow card after tugging Martinez over to stop a break.,2
apata flattens Barella to stop a counter-attack and earns himself a yellow card. ,2
sst: L. MartínezLUKAKU! 1-0 INTER! Lukaku fires the hosts into an instant lead, after gathering a pass from Martinez before driving at the backtracking defence and unleashing a crisp, low strike from 20 yards that skids across Perin and in!,1
acho stopped Aspas' attempt at a quick counter but then tugged Tapia back to stop the second. He also goes into the referee's book late on.,2
he yellow card is out again, this time for Tapia, who kicked Carvajal's leg as he tried to stop his run.,2
Rudiger is late getting across to Aspas and steps on the Celta captain's foot. He earns a late yellow card.,2
sst: JoseluBELLINGHAM SCORES! Madrid had to wait to take the corner after the injury to De la Torre, but they made it count. It's curled into the middle by Kroos and Joselu tracks back to flick it onto the edge of the six-yard box. Bellingham gets in front of Tapia to nod it past Villar to score for the third game in a row. 1-0 Madrid!,1
Luca de la TorreCelta Vigo · Midfielder #14De la Torre can't carry on after receiving treatment for what looked like a hamstring problem. Rodriguez is on for him.,0
Fran GarcíaReal Madrid · Defender #20Madrid are making another change as Nacho replaces Garcia.,0
Jørgen Strand LarsenCelta Vigo · Striker #18Celta are making their second change now as Strand Larsen is taken off for Tapia.,0
spas' clever footwork catches Kroos out and he sticks out a leg to trip the Celta captain. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Most of the Celta team is crowding around the referee in protest against the penalty decision, but it's Aspas that crosses the line and is booked for dissent.,2
Aurélien TchouaméniReal Madrid · Midfielder #18Madrid are making a double change as they try to capitalise on their dominance. Tchouameni is the first to go off, with Modric on for him.,0
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #12And Camavinga is also taken off, with Kroos on in his place.,0
Franco CerviCelta Vigo · Defender #11Cervi stayed down during that last Celta attack, and he's not going to be able to carry on after treatment. He's replaced by Sanchez.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #7Vinicius makes his way straight to the bench after going off with the medical staff, and Joselu comes on to replace him.,0
sst: W. McKennieGOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! The Bianconeri are back in the lead!!! McKennie plays a one-two with Weah before crossing into the box from the right-hand side. Vlahovic rises high in the middle and heads towards goal, sending the ball looping beyond the dive of Turati and into the top-left corner!! That's more like it from the previously out-of-sorts Serbian, who puts Juventus 2-1 up with full-time on the horizon!,1
Jaime BáezFrosinone · Striker #7Baez is the latest player to pull up with an injury as the game ticks towards full-time, and Frosinone's equalising goalscorer limps from the field, with Giorgi Kvernadze on to replace him.,0
Luca GarritanoFrosinone · Midfielder #16Garritano is also replaced by Frosinone boss Eusebio Di Francesco, and Abdoulrahmane Harroui enters the fray out wide.,0
Kaio JorgeFrosinone · Striker #9The hosts also made two changes of their own, with Jorge replaced up front by Walid Cheddira.,0
Andrea CambiasoJuventus · Midfielder #27More changes coming for Juventus, as Cambiaso is replaced out wide by Timothy Weah.,0
Kenan YıldızJuventus · Striker #15Dusan Vlahovic also enters the fray in attack, and he'll replace the young goalscorer Yildiz for the Old Lady.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #11Allegri makes further changes for the Bianconeri, with Kostic withdrawn and Samuel Iling-Junior on to take his place in the wide positions.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Locatelli has now pulled up injured and becomes the second Juve player to be withdrawn early, with youngster Hans Nicolussi Caviglia coming into the centre of midfield.,0
sst: I. MonterisiGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Frosinone equalise out of absolutely nowhere!!! Monterisi clips a peach of a ball through the lines and in behind the Juventus defence, with the substitute Baez racing forward to get on the end of it. Szczesny shoots off his line to close the gap, but can't get there in time and Baez slots a low finish beyond him and into the back of the net!! 1-1 just six minutes into the second half, and for the second game running, the Old Lady have given themselves a mountain to climb!,1
McKennie slides in recklessly on Soule, catching the Bianconeri loanee late and being shown a yellow card in response to the foul.,2
Pol LirolaFrosinone · Midfielder #20Lirola is the latest player to go down after twisting awkwardly in an effort to stop Milik cutting inside, and the Spaniard is forced off, with Jaime Baez on to replace him out wide.,0
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Alex Sandro has gone down injured off the ball and doesn't look able to carry on, so he's swiftly replaced in Juve's back-three by Federico Gatti.,0
Soule cuts inside from the left and looks to size up a shot from the edge of the box, but he's dragged back from behind and to ground by Cambiaso. the Juventus wing-back is shown the game's first yellow card, and that's his fifth of the season, ruling him out of the Bianconeri's next game.,2
Asst: F. KostićGOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!!!!!! Juventus with the opener, and it's an absolute beauty!!! Turati is forced into a rushed clearance by Milik, and the skewed long pass is cut out by Kostic. He links up with Yildiz ahead of him, and the debutant skips inside three players with some brilliant skill before hammering a low shot into the bottom-left corner!! A special, special goal for the Old Lady's teenage prodigy, and it puts them 1-0 up just 12 minutes into this contest!,1
Patrick DorguLecce · Striker #13Pierotti comes on in the final five minutes, with Lecce looking to at least score and give their opponents something to think about in the final stages. Dorgu is the man to make way, with the winger failing to register a successful dribble or shot today.,0
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Hernandez lasts 83 minutes on the pitch in his first game back from suspension, with the influential full-back given an early break. Terracciano gets a rare opportunity to prove his quality as Milan look to see out the clock.,0
Tijjani ReijndersMilan · Midfielder #14Milan make their fourth substitution of the game 12 minutes from full-time, with Reijnders making way for Bennacer.,0
The referee shows a yellow card to Chukwueze during a stoppage in play, with the winger having a bit too much to say to the match official.,2
Alexis BlinLecce · Midfielder #29Already on a yellow card, Lecce decides to withdraw Blin - their captain - with Berisha getting 12 minutes to impress.,0
Lorenzo VenutiLecce · Defender #12Venuti’s difficult afternoon is over as Gotti sends on fresh legs in the form of Gendrey - who will have to deal with Leao.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9The veteran Giroud is also taken off just after the hour, with Jovic a natural choice to take over.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Midfielder #11Pulisic got proceedings underway with his wonderful goal after just six minutes and comes off to a round of applause from the Milan supporters. His international team-mate - Musah - gets a chance in his stead.,0
Matteo GabbiaMilan · Defender #46Milan's third goal prompts Pioli into a number of substitutions, with the first coming at the back. The experienced Kjaer is on to see out the remainder of the game, with Gabbia recalled to the bench.,0
Asst: Y. AdliMILAN STRIKE QUICKLY TO MAKE IT A THREE-GOAL LEAD! 3-0! The referee does not blow his whistle for a foul on Almqvist, with Hernandez finding Adli free in the centre of the park. Adli picks his head up and threads a beautiful pass through the lines, linking up with Leao, who gets the better of Venuti and slips his shot through the legs of Falcone!,1
Joan GonzálezLecce · Midfielder #16Despite being down to 10 men, Gott sends on a forward in place of a midfielder, with Piccoli taking Gonzalez's spot before the second half.,0
Lameck BandaLecce · Striker #22A change ahead of the restart for the visitors sees Almqvist replace Banda.,0
ED CARD FOR KRSTOVIC! HE’S OFF! The referee takes absolutely no time in making up his mind, showing the Lecce striker a straight red card for leaping during an aerial duel and lifting his leg far too high, catching Chukwueze on the shoulder with his studs. The striker doesn’t look to be protesting the decision too ferociously, seemingly accepting his fate. Lecce are down to 10 men!,3
Blin takes Leao down inside Milan’s half near the left touchline, which prompts the referee to blow his whistle for a foul. Incensed, the Lecce captain gives the match official a piece of his mind and goes a little too far, receiving a yellow card for his overzealous protestations.,2
sst: Y. AdliA 13TH GOAL OF THE SEASON FOR GIROUD! 2-0! It’s a textbook glancing header from the France international, who meets Adli’s inswinging corner at the near post with expert movement before craning his neck to slip the ball past Falcone!,1
Asst: S. ChukwuezeA SWEEPING STRIKE GIVES MILAN THE LEAD! 1-0! It takes the Rossoneri just six minutes to break the deadlock, with Chukwueze bringing the ball into the penalty area with lovely footwork, slipping past both Gonzalez and Gallo in the process. The Nigeria international then centres a pass for Pulisic, who shifts the ball onto his left foot before hitting a lovely, curling effort that sails over Falcone’s hand and in!,1
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Vitinha comes off for Zaire-Emery in added time.,0
PSG ADD A THIRD!!! Mbappe rattles the post with a powerful drive from outside the box. Unluckily for Dupe, it comes back off the woodwork and hits him, deflecting straight to Bernat. The Spaniard made no mistake with the finish, rifling high into the net to make it 3-0.,1
Lionel MessiPSG · Midfielder #30Messi got the assists for both PSG goals, and now makes way for Hakimi.,0
Branco van den BoomenToulouse · Midfielder #8Dejaegere comes on in place of Van den Boomen.,0
Thijs DallingaToulouse · Striker #27Dallinga has struggled up top for Toulouse, and he makes way for Onaiwu.,0
NeymarPSG · Midfielder #10Galtier makes his first changes of the game, bringing on Ekitike for Neymar.,0
Ratao is yellow-carded for clattering into Neymar in midfield.,2
Zakaria AboukhlalToulouse · Striker #6Aboukhlal makes way for Chaibi in the first of a double change by Montanier.,0
sst: L. MessiIT'S 2-0!!! Mbappe is the goalscorer, after good work from Messi down the left ends with him pulling the ball back for his forward partner, who lashes home first-time with his right foot.,1
Rasmus NicolaisenToulouse · Defender #2Montanier makes the first change of the game, bringing on Costa for Nicolaisen at half-time.,0
Asst: L. MessiTHE GOAL IS GIVEN! The replays showed that Neymar was onside when the ball was played through by Messi, and VAR decides to allow the goal to give PSG a 1-0 lead.,1
Herrera loses his footing in midfield and Yokuslu is quickly on the loose ball. The Atletico midfielder drags down his opponent to stop him breaking clear and is shown a yellow card.,2
Iago AspasCelta Vigo · Striker #10Aspas leaves the field with the game almost over. Bradaric will have a few minutes to make a difference.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Saponjic, looking to kickstart his Atleti career, takes over from Morata.,0
Rubén BlancoCelta Vigo · Goalkeeper #13Celta goalkeeper Blanco has picked up an injury and is unable to continue. Villar is introduced in his place.,0
imenez kicks Aspas in the face with his boot when attempting to win the ball. The referee is right to show the centre-back a yellow card.,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Correa has been Atletico's liveliest player today but makes way for Lemar with a little over 15 minutes to go.,0
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Defender #12It is a triple substitution for Atletico as Sanchez comes on for Lodi in a like-for-like change at full-back.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Striker #14Llorente has been unable to continue his impressive form today. He is replaced by Vitolo with 22 minutes to go.,0
Thomas ParteyAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Thomas is replaced by Herrera as Simeone finally turns to his bench.,0
Brais MéndezCelta Vigo · Midfielder #23Mendez does not look too happy to be replaced before the hour mark. Rafinha is brought on in his place.,0
Fedor SmolovCelta Vigo · Striker #9Smolov is off and Mina on with around half an hour to play.,0
Murillo wipes out Morata and is shown a yellow card that will rule him out of Celta's next match.,2
sst: B. MéndezGOOOOAAAALLL!!! CELTA 1-1 ATLETICO!! The visitors struck early in the first half and Celta have done likewise in the second. Beltran sends the ball spinning over Oblak with a pretty outrageous volley from 12 yards. He does not get the contact he would have liked, but he does enough to pick out the top-left corner - what a strike!,1
Correa knocks the ball past Saenz and the Celta defender sticks out an arm to halt his opponent's run. ,2
t was Celta substitute Nolito, and not head coach Garcia, who was cautioned by the referee.,2
Seconds after Mendez entered the referee's book, Lodi is booked for a challenge on Mallo - a very harsh decision.,2
Mendez is shown a yellow card for a strong challenge on Arias. ,2
OOOAAAALLLL!!! CELTA 0-1 ATLETICO!! The visitors open the scoring inside a minute at Balaidos! Aspas gives the ball away and Arias plays it inside to Correa, who crosses for Morata to convert five yards from goal.,1
Jon MoncayolaOsasuna · Midfielder #7Moncayola is the next Osasuna player to be withdrawn, and Kike Barja enters the fray in place of him.,0
Manu SánchezOsasuna · Defender #39Sánchez also comes off, and Osasuna's vice-captain, Roberto Torres, comes on for him.,0
Martin nips in ahead of Sanchez to win the ball, but catches the Osasuna defender in the process and is yellow carded.,2
Asst: Y. Ferreira CarrascoGOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLL!!!!! Finally a breakthrough for Atleti!!!! Martin's first involvement is to win a corner, and from the Carrasco ball in, Felipe rises higher than the rest at the front post, and heads the ball past Herrera into an empty net!!!! He's happy with that one, and so are the home fans, as they lead 1-0!!!!,1
Šime VrsaljkoAtlético Madrid · Defender #24Vrsaljko comes off for Atletico, and he's replaced by youngster Carlos Martín.,0
avid García clashes with Suarez in the air, fouls the Atleti substitute, and is booked for his troubles.,2
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #8Griezmann couldn't find that elsuvie opening goal, and Matheus Cunha is on in his place to hopefully do just that.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Llorente is withdrawn for Atletico, and Geoffrey Kondogbia is introduced.,0
Darko BrašanacOsasuna · Midfielder #8Brašanac comes off for Osasuna, and Iñigo Pérez takes his place on the field.,0
Lucas TorróOsasuna · Midfielder #24The booked Torró also comes off, and club captain Oier comes on for him.,0
Ezequiel ÁvilaOsasuna · Striker #9Ávila is brought off in Osasuna's first change, and Ante Budimir replaces him.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Lemar is also withdrawn by Simeone, and Rodrigo de Paul comes on in his place.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Diego Simeone wants more attacking firepower up front for his side, so who better to introduce than Luis Suarez? The Uruguayan comes on for Correa.,0
Torró is booked by the referee, after another foul on Correa.  ,2
riezmann is booked for colliding with Osasuna keeper Herrera, who is still down and being given treatment.,2
sst: E. DžekoGOOOOAAAALLL!!!! It's six!!! Brozovic's throughball from deep commits Skorupski as Dzeko runs onto it. His attempted cross evades the onrushing goalkeeper, and with the goal wide open, Gosens arrives at the far post to lash a low shot into the ground which bounces into the net!!! 6-1 to Inter now, and we're edging ever closer to cricket-score territory.,1
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Inter make further changes, the first of which sees fifth goalscorer Calhanoglu replaced by Kristjan Asllani.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Barella's dynamism in midfield has been a crucial asset to the Nerazzurri once again, and he comes off now for Roberto Gagliardini.,0
Musa BarrowBologna · Midfielder #99That foul was Barrow's last action, as the finger comes off now for Emanuel Vignato.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez is back in the goals and has been a metaphorical thorn in Bologna's side all game long, and in his place comes a more literal version of the phrase, in Marcelo Brozovic.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Two-goal Dimarco has excelled down the left, and particularly in the box for his second, but comes off now for Robin Gosens to take his place down the flank.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Inter also make changes, the first seeing Dumfries withdrawn for Raoul Bellanova.,0
Lewis FergusonBologna · Midfielder #19Ferguson also comes off, with the young Scotsman replaced by Roberto Soriano.,0
Marko ArnautovićBologna · Striker #9Arnautovic trudges off as his number comes up on the board, and he's replaced in attack by former Bayern Munich forward Joshua Zirkzee.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLL!!! Calhanoglu makes no mistake from 12 yards, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way and slotting the ball home to make it five for Inter!! As if there wasn't already, at 5-1 there is absolutely no way back for Bologna now.,1
t was a clear hand-ball, albeit in a falling action from Sosa, and he's booked as Inter look to make it five from the spot.,2
rsolini attempts to block Bastoni's rushed clearance, but jumps into the defender and fouls him, warranting a booking from the referee.,2
Asst: N. BarellaGOOOOAAAALLL!!!! There is number four, and what a finish it is!!! Barella's pass through the line finds Dimarco. The left-wing-back, seemingly out of place on the right-side of the box, makes no mistake though, cutting inside Sosa before curling a low shot beyond Skorupski and into the bottom corner! A delightful strike from Dimarco, and his second goal puts Inter 4-1 up!,1
Jhon LucumíBologna · Defender #26Lucumi was run ragged by Martinez and co at times in that first half, and is replaced at the interval by Joaquin Sosa.,0
Gary MedelBologna · Midfielder #17The booked Medel is also withdrawn halfway through, and the former Inter midfielder is replaced by Nikola Moro.,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluGOOOOAAAALLL!!! It's three!!! Martinez wins a corner via a Soumaoro deflection, and lays in wait at the front post. Calhanoglu's delivery flies right to him, and the Argentine cleverly nods a close-range header beyond the goalkeeper and into the back of the net! Inter have completely turned this game around, and now lead it 3-1!,1
GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! Superb strike!!! Dimarco steps up and drills the free-kick low, with power to boot. The ball rockets past the wall, and Skorupski sees it too late to keep out as it darts across him into the bottom corner! 2-1 to Inter, and what a first half this has turned out to be!,1
A scuffle breaks out before the free-kick is taken and almost everyone from both sides is involved. Martinez is judged to be Inter's worst offender, and so the winner of the initial free-kick is shown a yellow card.,2
It doesn't take much to rile Gary Medel, but the Chilean was right in the middle of that, meaning the ex-Inter midfielder will also receive a booking.,2
Martinez races forward for Inter and has support, but is fouled right on the edge of the box by Lucumi before he can shoot or pass! The Bologna defender is booked, and the hosts have a free shot at goal from a position that is certainly in-range for some of their chosen set-piece takers.,2
rnautovic loses possession to Skriniar and immediately looks to get it back, but his pressing leaves a lot to be desired and is a touch too aggressive. He shunts the Slovakian to the floor, and is booked by the referee as a result.,2
OOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! What a way to equalise!!!! Dumfries runs down the right and hooks a cross to the edge of the box. Dzeko has time to pick his spot, and picks out the bottom corner with a fantastic volley, which loops across the diving Skorupski and nestles in the back of the net! What a finish, and we're back on level terms at 1-1 here!,1
Asst: R. OrsoliniGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! The Rossoblu race into the lead!!! Orsolini chips a ball up to Lucumi, who heads it to Schouten, and his cushioned header is struck sweetly on the volley by Orsolini, whose shot takes a deflection off Lykogiannis and wrong-foots Onana to go in! A bizarre goal which is credited to the unsuspecting Lykogiannis, but the visitors won't care either way, as they're 1-0 up!,1
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7Son is replaced late on, with Gil the man coming on.,0
Skipp is booked late on for a foul on Sarr. The winger has been on the end of a few challenges so far today.,2
Moussa SissokoWatford · Midfielder #19Third and final Watford change now, with Sissoko coming off to a good ovation by both sets of supporters and he has been replaced by Cleverley.,0
Steven BergwijnTottenham · Striker #23Tottenham make their first substitution now, with Bergwijn replaced by Moura.,0
Joshua KingWatford · Striker #7Watford make their second change of the game, with King coming off and he has been replaced by Hernandez.,0
Alli is booked after stepping across Sarr and stopping the winger from breaking forward on the counter-attack.,2
Sissoko is booked after he clatters into the back of Skipp as the midfielder looked to bring the ball out from the back.,2
Craig CathcartWatford · Defender #15Here is the enforced Watford change, with Cathcart heading off and he has been replaced by Ngakia.,0
Kane is the first Tottenham player to be booked after he dives into the back of Sarr and gets nowhere near the ball. Poor challenge.,2
OAL! Son fires Tottenham into the lead just before the break, it’s 1-0! He whips a terrific free-kick into the box from the left wing, looking for a team-mate to pounce on it in the six-yard box, but no-one touches it and it catches the Watford defence and keeper out, flying into the far right corner of the net. Bachmann reacted too late and couldn't stop it from going in.,1
tebo slides in on Kane as he looked to play a pass back to Skipp and the midfielder is booked. Perhaps a tad harsh, as it looked like the Watford man slipped and didn’t intend to catch Kane. However, Tottenham won’t care as it hands them a free-kick in a very good position.,2
Wout WeghorstBurnley · Striker #9Weghorst's been poor in this game, and Burnley bring on Ashley Barnes hoping he can improve on the Dutchman's performance.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Opening goalscorer De Bruyne comes off, to be replaced by Bernardo Silva.,0
Jack CorkBurnley · Midfielder #4Cork is the next Burnley man to come off, and their attacking options are bolstered further by the introduction of Jay Rodriguez.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Striker #47City's first change of the game sees Foden brought off for Gabriel Jesus.,0
Dwight McNeilBurnley · Midfielder #11Sean Dyche makes a half-time change, bringing off McNeil for Maxwel Cornet.,0
sst: R. SterlingGOOOAAALLLL!!! City double their lead!!! A lovely one-two between De Bruyne and Sterling sends the latter steaming down the right, and he cuts the ball back to Gundogan whose half-volley wrong-foots Pope and rolls into the back of the net! 2-0, and it looks like game over, even at this early stage.,1
eghorst catches Cancelo in the neck with a very deliberate looking elbow, and is rightfully booked by the referee. How on earth did he think he'd get away with that!,2
Asst: R. SterlingGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! City take the lead!!! Rodri floats a diagonal pass wide to Sterling, whose volley back inside bounces, before De Bruyne arrives to smash it beyond Pope and into the back of the net! Exactly the start the champions wanted, and it's 1-0 after just five minutes!,1
ockyer cynically wipes out Rashford just before the United man can dribble into the box. Perhaps more of an issue is that the hosts will have a free-kick in a great shooting position. Fernandes places the ball down...,2
Issa KaboréLuton Town · Midfielder #12Adebayo is a real aerial threat, and he replaces Kabore in an attacking change for the visitors.,0
Chiedozie OgbeneLuton Town · Midfielder #7Giles is on for Ogbene, who has struggled to make the same impact here as he did against Liverpool last weekend.,0
Marvelous NakambaLuton Town · Midfielder #13Five minutes to go at Old Trafford, and Luton are starting to throw a few more bodies forward as they go in search of an equaliser. Edwards also makes a trio of substitutions. The first sees Nakamba come off for Mpanzu.,0
Sergio ReguilónMan United · Defender #15Reguilon also makes way, as Varane comes on to shore things up for United. Much has been made of his continued absences, though he gets the chance to impress here.,0
Rasmus HøjlundMan United · Striker #11Hojlund is indeed forced off, and Martial is on in his place. It is another Premier League game without a goal for the Denmark international.,0
Kabore clatters into Rashford and receives a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Alfie DoughtyLuton Town · Midfielder #45Doughty has not been able to utilise his usually excellent crossing ability in this match, and now limps off for Clark.,0
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #17Ten Hag makes his second change, bringing on Antony for Garnacho. The Argentina international created three chances in his time on the pitch, more than any other player.,0
Andros TownsendLuton Town · Midfielder #30Chong came off the bench to great effect against Liverpool, and Edwards again turns to him as a response to Lindelof's goal. Townsend is the man to make way.,0
OAL!!! LINDELOF FIRES UNITED IN FRONT!!! The hosts finally have the opener as Rashford's drilled cross into the box causes havoc. It falls to McTominay, but he fluffs his lines. Fortunately for United, the ball sits up perfectly for Lindelof to blast past Kaminski and into the back of the net to put Ten Hag's men 1-0 up!,1
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14Eriksen does indeed limp off, and Mount is the man chosen to deputise as he makes his way onto the pitch.,0
Asst: J. SilvaGOOOAL! Assale makes it 2-2! Silva runs on to the ball on the left flank before whipping in another excellent delivery which evades the reach of Militao, and Assale then produces a heavy first touch to take it past Nacho before burying it under Areola from close range.,1
Ibrahim AmadouLeganes · Midfielder #23Leganes' fifth and final change sees Amadou replaced by Aviles.,0
Diaz is booked after following through with his challenge on Bustinza while attempting to retain the ball.,2
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #20Madrid's second switch sees Asensio replaced by Diaz.,0
CasemiroReal Madrid · Midfielder #14Madrid are making a triple change with the first of these seeing Kroos replace Casemiro.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9The third Madrid change sees Jovic enter the fray to replace Benzema.,0
ilva is the next Leganes player to be shown a yellow card following his challenge on Casemiro.,2
RecioLeganes · Midfielder #8Leganes' fourth switch of the match sees Recio replaced by Roque Mesa in midfield.,0
Asst: IscoGOOOAL! Asensio makes it 2-1 to Madrid! Isco picks up the ball in midfield before threading a perfectly timed pass between Silva and Tarin, and Asensio meets it on the right-hand side of the box before tucking his effort into the bottom right-hand corner.,1
Aitor RuibalLeganes · Midfielder #19Leganes' second change sees Guerrero enter the fray in place of Ruibal.,0
Manu GarridoLeganes · Striker #39Leganes are have made their first change with Garrido being replaced by Oscar.,0
Sergio RamosReal Madrid · Defender #4Madrid's first switch sees Nacho come on to replace the goalscorer Ramos.,0
Asst: J. SilvaGOOOAL! Gil makes it 1-1! Silva brings the ball down on the left flank before whipping a dangerous ball into the centre, and Gil touches it towards the left-hand byline before driving a low strike into the bottom right-hand corner from a tight angle.,1
Ruibal is shown Leganes' second yellow card for tugging back Asensio.,2
ecio is shown a yellow card for his late challenge on Asensio who tried to launch a Madrid break.,2
sst: IscoGOOOAL! Ramos makes it 1-0 to Madrid! Isco clips an in-swinging cross into the middle from the left flank, and he picks out Ramos who is given plenty of time to steady himself before directing a stooping header into the bottom left-hand corner.,1
avard goes into the book for a heavy challange on Grealish, who is not happy after being caught by the Bayern man's trailing leg.,2
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19City loanee Cancelo enters the fray to a chorus of boos, replacing Davies after the Canadian was booked earlier this half. The Portugal international probably expected a slightly warmer welcome!,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Striker #7Tuchel makes a double change. First, Muller replaces the ineffective Gnabry in attack.,0
sst: J. StonesGOAAAAAAAL! CITY DO GET A THIRD AS HAALAND STRIKES! City work a corner short and deliver from a deep position on the right, with Stones waiting at the back post. The England man nods across goal to Haaland, who stretches to knock in a third! City are in dreamland, they have a 3-0 lead in the Champions League quarter-finals!,1
Asst: E. HaalandGOAAAAAAAL! SILVA PUTS CITY 2-0 UP! The hosts get the all-important second goal through Silva! Bayern are masters of their own downfall as Upamecano is inexplicably caught in possession by Grealish, who sends Haaland clear with a neat backheel. The Norwegian shapes to shoot but instead lifts a great cross towards Silva, who heads in despite Sommer getting a touch!,1
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Tuchel responds to Alvarez's introduction with a change of his own. Former Liverpool forward Mane replaces Musiala.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17City make the first change of the match as Guardiola cautiously replaces De Bruyne after his knock. Alvarez is on to play just off of Haaland.,0
Davies becomes the first Bayern player booked for a foul high up near the corner flag, which allows City to relieve the pressure.,2
Silva picks up the game's first yellow card, having caught Musiala from behind.,2
Asst: B. SilvaGOAAAAAAAAAL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM RODRI! 1-0! Just as Bayern were beginning to build some momentum, City go ahead through a wonderful goal! Rodri turns inside Musiala after receiving Silva's pass 30 yards from goal, and with few options, the Spaniard goes for goal with a curling, left-footed attempt. Sommer has no chance as the shot arcs into the top-left corner! What a goal!,1
Pedro BigasElche · Defender #6Bigas cannot carry on as he holds his groin and Gonzalez replaces him for the final 15 minutes.,0
Torres goes into the referee's book after a poor sliding challenge on Bigas.,2
Robert LewandowskiBarcelona · Striker #9Torres replaces goalscorer Lewandowski to lead the Barcelona frontline.,0
Mercau receives a yellow card after a harsh challenge on Bellerin.,2
Lucas BoyéElche · Striker #9Josan replaces Boye as the lone striker in the Elche attack.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Raphinha replaces Dembele on the right side of the front three.,0
Eric GarcíaBarcelona · Defender #24Bellerin replaces Garcia in defence as Kounde now moves into the centre of the defence.,0
Memphis DepayBarcelona · Striker #14Fati replaces Depay on the left-wing to add more energy to the Barcelona attack.,0
Fidel ChavesElche · Midfielder #16Quina replaces Fidel on the left side of the midfield.,0
Raúl GutiElche · Midfielder #8Mercau replaces Guti and Elche look to freshen up the midfield.,0
OALLL!!!! 3-0 LEWANDOWSKI! Lewandowski gets his second goal of the game with an easy finish to the far post. The ball is loose after a cross from Dembele and Depay finds his striker with a clever pass.,1
Franck KessiéBarcelona · Midfielder #19Gavi replaces Kessie in the midfield after the Ivorian was booked early in the game.,0
Asst: A. BaldeGOALLL!!!!!! 2-0 DEPAY! Depay doubles Barcelona’s lead with a brilliant finish past Badia. Balde passes to Depay, who has his back to the defender. He quickly turns his body away from his man and finishes high into the goal with his left foot.,1
sst: A. BaldeGOAL!!!!! 1-0 LEWANDOWSKI! Lewandowski breaks the deadlock for Barcelona as he finishes home a cross from Balde. Depay almost scores the chance himself but misses the ball, but the Polish striker is there to rescue the chance.,1
Bigas receives a yellow card after complaining too much following a foul on his team-mate.,2
ED CARD! Verdu is sent off for Elche as the captain takes down Lewandowski to deny to clear goal-scoring opportunity. Easy decision for the referee.,3
Kessie receives an early yellow card after he catches Boye with his elbow during an aerial battle.,2
nter's substitute striker Dzeko picks up a late yellow card for kicking the ball away after a Satriano foul on Rrahmani. If Inter hold out for the three points he won't care a bit.,2
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Inter make a late substitution to help them see added time out. Their Uruguayan forward Satriano replaces Perisic.,0
andanovic is booked for taking his time in taking the goal-kick. Inter clearly aren't averse to using the dark arts now if they need to.,2
Asst: K. KoulibalyGOAL! INTER 3-2 NAPOLI! Mertens hauls Napoli back in the game with a sumptuous long-range finish! Koulibaly catches Dzeko in possession in his own half and the Belgian capitalises on it, curling a beautiful effort into the top left corner from outside the box. Handanovic gets his fingertips to it but can't keep it out.,1
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Inter take the opportunity to bring on some fresh players of their own. Martinez heads off to warm applause. Gagliardini comes on for him.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Barella's the next player to get an early rest. Dimarco is his replacement for Inter.,0
Lorenzo InsigneNapoli · Midfielder #24Napoli chang their wingers in an attempt to salvage the game. Mertens replaces their quiet captain Insigne.,0
Hirving LozanoNapoli · Midfielder #11Lozano's game is also over. Elmas takes his place on Napoli's left flank.,0
Vidal's shown a yellow card for tripping Anguissa. The Chilean protests his innocence but the referee doesn't care a jot.,2
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #19Inter react to going 3-1 up by making substitutions. Dzeko replaces Correa up front first.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu also makes way. Vidal trots onto the pitch for Inter to tighten up their midifeld.,0
Asst: J. CorreaGOAL! INTER 3-1 NAPOLI! Inter react quickest to Ruiz's blocked shot and burst upfield to secure a two-goal lead! Correa spots Martinez to his right and finds his compatriot who slots a precise effort into the bottom left corner from just inside the box.,1
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Napoli make that enforced substitution, one which won't help their chances of recovery in this game. Petagna takes Osimhen's place up front for the visitors.,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluGOAL! INTER 2-1 NAPOLI! Perisic completes Inter's first-half turnaround! Calhanoglu swings the corner in and the Croatian flicks it towards goal with his head from a tight angle at the near post. Ospina dives across to claw it away and Napoli clear, but the ball has already crossed the line!,1
Calhanoglu lands his name in the book for scything down Lozano near the touchline. The Mexican was beating him for pace.,2
Rrahmani is booked for stopping Correa's attempt to carry Inter forward on the break.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! INTER 1-1 NAPOLI! Calhanoglu steps up and confidently dispatches the penalty into the bottom left corner, sending Ospina the wrong way. It's all square!,1
Koulibaly receives a yellow card for handball. Calhanoglu is preparing to take the penalty kick...,2
Asst: L. InsigneGOAL! INTER 0-1 NAPOLI! Zielinkski gives Napoli the lead through a thunderous strike. The visitors pounce as Inter get caught upfield. Insigne passes inside to find the Polish international in plenty of space, and he fires past Handanovic from outside the box.,1
he referee shows Osimhen the game's first yellow card for his clumsy tackle. The Nigerian pats Skriniar on the head in apology.,2
ED CARD FOR RAMOS! Jesus pounces on a mistake by the Madrid back line and is through on goal. Ramos catches Jesus with his trailing leg and the Madrid captain has to go! What will that do to the complexion of this tie?,3
IscoReal Madrid · Striker #22Madrid make their final change. Jovic is on for Isco.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Madrid decide to respond to going behind. Modric makes way for Vazquez.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! 2-1 CITY! De Bruyne makes no mistake from the spot, sending Courtois the wrong way and dragging the penalty into the bottom left corner. It's his 50th goal for City!,1
sst: K. De BruyneGOAL! 1-1 CITY! Jesus gets behind Ramos to flick in De Bruyne's cross with his head. City are back in the game! They also have a valuable away goal.,1
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #25Vinicius is the player to make way. Bale comes on to replace him.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Striker #20City make that change. Sterling comes on for Bernardo Silva.,0
Asst: V. JúniorGOAL! 1-0 MADRID! That's totally against the run of play! Otamendi's pass into Rodri is poor and Madrid press. Walker should clear but doesn't, Vinicius intercepts and finds Isco alone in the box, who can't miss!,1
Modric is booked for that foul on Mahrez. Zidane must surely be considering changes.,2
Valverde gets a yellow card for a cynical challenge on Gundogan. We know what skulduggery he's capable of after his exploits in the Supercopa de Espana.,2
Aymeric LaporteMan City · Defender #14Laporte walks off, shaking his head with disappointment. Fernandinho replaces him at centre-back for City.,0
Benjamin Mendy earns the first yellow card of the game as he brings Isco down on the flank. He'll miss the second leg of this tie now. ,2
Mariano is booked for standing in front of a free-kick as Jordan looked to hoist a ball into the penalty area.,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Benzema, the scorer of what looks to be the winning goal, makes way in injury time for Mariano.,0
sst: RodrygoIncredible!!! Real Madrid's sensational comeback is complete!!! Benzema looks to have stolen it at the death, as excellent work down the right by Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo ends with the latter dragging the ball back for their strike partner. The Frenchman takes a couple of touches with multiple defenders around him, and seemingly takes an age before smashing into the back of the net to make it 3-2.,1
Torres is yellow-carded for his protests about a potential foul in the build-up to the equaliser.,2
sst: D. CarvajalReal Madrid are level!!! It's Nacho who is the scorer, as Sevilla failed to deal with a corner. The ball ends up with Carvajal on the right of the box, who then cuts it back to Nacho. The substitute hits it first-time, and buries his shot to get his team back on level terms just seconds after coming onto the pitch as he makes it 2-2.,1
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Nacho is on in place of Vazquez.,0
Diego Carlos is booked for bringing down Rodrygo as his countryman looked to counter.,2
acho is booked for his protests about the VAR decision to not award the goal.,2
Asst: D. CarvajalReal Madrid are back in it!!! It's an excellent goal too, as Vinicius Junior and Carvajal combine down the left before the latter squares into the box. Rodrygo is there waiting, and smashes into the roof of the net to pull a goal back and make it 2-1.,1
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #25Rodrygo also comes on for Camavinga at the interval.,0
Papu GómezSevilla · Midfielder #24Gomez makes way for Torres at the break.,0
Anthony MartialSevilla · Striker #22Martial, still injured from the incident with Camavinga, makes way for Mir.,0
Martial goes in the book for his protests at the referee not awarding a foul or second yellow card for Camavinga's drag-back on him.,2
Camavinga is the first player to go in the referee's book, for a very late challenge on Corona in midfield.,2
Asst: J. CoronaIt's 2-0!!! Lamela is the scorer, thanks to some more awful defending by the league leaders. Acuna's headed through-ball to Corona is reached by the Mexican winger before the onrushing Courtois can get there, and the ball is tapped acros to Lamela. The former Spurs man makes no mistake, as he places into the back of the net to send the home fans into raptures once more.,1
What a goal!!! Rakitic is the man chosen to take the free-kick, and he perfectly sends the ball through the wall and into the back of the net. There's a post-mortem in the Real Madrid defence as they try to work out how the wall was so poorly organised, but Sevilla don't care as they now lead 1-0.,1
sst: J. KimmichGOAL!!!! LEWANDOWSKI HAS SURELY WON IT FOR BAYERN!!!! Tah takes a heavy touch at the back and is robbed by Kimmich, who plays Lewandowski into the box on the left. The striker opens up his body and lashes a shot at goal that Tapsoba tries to block, but it takes a wicked deflection off the defender's shin that sends it into the net past Hradecky! It's 2-1 to Bayern Munich with what may well be the last kick of the game!!,1
Patrik SchickLeverkusen · Striker #14Bosz makes another change now, bringing Schick off for Alario in search of a winning goal.,0
Leon BaileyLeverkusen · Striker #9Bosz makes a change now, bringing Bailey off for a naturally central player in Demirbay.,0
ailey is booked now as he stops Davies from bursting clear on the counter by pulling him back.,2
Leroy SanéBayern · Striker #10Flick makes a double-change now as he chases the game. Sane, having come on as a substitute for the injured Coman in the first half, does not look too pleased to be hooked. Musiala comes on to replace him.,0
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24Meanwhile, the second change sees Tolisso go off for Kimmich in midfield.,0
sst: T. MüllerGOAL!!! LEWANDOWSKI EQUALISES FOR BAYERN!!! Sane feeds Muller on the right in space and the German floats a cross into the box where Lewandowski is waiting. Tah and Hradecky both try and cut the delivery out and end up getting in each other's way, allowing the unmarked striker to head into an empty net! It's 1-1 now!,1
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29That enforced change is now made, with Coman replaced by Sane on the wing.,0
nabry receives the first yellow card of the night for a poor challenge on Dragovic out wide.,2
Asst: N. AmiriGOAL!!! SCHICK FIRES LEVERKUSEN IN FRONT!!! Bailey takes a short corner to Amiri on the right and the midfielder dinks the ball into the box. It falls to an unmarked Schick just inside the area on the left, and the forward thumps a sumptuous volley past a helpless Neuer and in at the near post! It's 1-0 to Leverkusen!,1
nother late booking, this time for Kroos after his blatant foul on Kubo to stop him from breaking forward on the counter.,2
Pino is booked late on for Villarreal, after a late challenge on Carvajal.,2
Moi GómezVillarreal · Midfielder #23Another change by the hosts now, with Moi Gomez replaced by Kubo.,0
Mario GasparVillarreal · Defender #2Here is the enforced Villarreal substitution, with Gaspar limping off and he has been replaced by Pena.,0
Mariano DíazReal Madrid · Striker #24Another Madrid substitution now, with Mariano the man coming off and he has been replaced by Asensio.,0
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Moreno steps up and converts the penalty to make it 1-1! Courtois dives the right way and gets a slight touch on the ball, but he can't get enough on it to divert it around the post and it flies into the back of the net.,1
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Nacho, for his late challenge on Gaspar, just inside the Madrid half of the pitch.,2
Martin ØdegaardReal Madrid · Midfielder #21The other change sees Odegaard replaced by Isco.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Midfielder #7Double substitution by Madrid, with Hazard coming off and he has been replaced by Vinícius.,0
Alfonso PedrazaVillarreal · Defender #24The third substitution by the hosts sees Pedraza replaced by Pino.,0
Manu TriguerosVillarreal · Midfielder #14The second change sees Trigueros come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Estupinan.,0
Carlos BaccaVillarreal · Striker #9Villarreal make their first changes of the game, making three all at once and the first sees Bacca replaced by Chukwueze.,0
Asst: D. CarvajalGOOOAAALLL! Real Madrid lead 1-0! Mariano with the goal after just two minutes played. It's a lovely cross into the penalty area by Carvajal, who finds the striker at the far post and he dives in and heads it into the back of the net from the edge of the six-yard box.,1
Kessie is booked during the celebrations of that game-sealing goal, likely for dissent over the awarding of the penalty.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLL!!! That'll do it!!! Rodrygo steps up with a calmness far beyond his 21 years, and smashes the penalty towards the bottom-right corner, beyond the reach of a diving Ter Stegen and into the back of the net!!! 3-1 to Real, and surely no way back for Barcelona now!,1
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Captain Benzema also comes off for the Madridstas, with Marco Asensio taking his place for the last few moments of the Clasico.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2More changes coming for Madrid, who bring off Carvajal for even more defensive cover, coming in the form of Antonio Rudiger.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Madrid make a change following that Barca goal, as Vinicius, who has been quieter this half, comes off for his fellow Brazil international Rodrygo.,0
Asst: R. LewandowskiGOOOAAAALLL!!! Barca finally get their breakthrough!!! Fati drives down the left before squaring to Lewandowski, who, knowing he can't shoot, flicks it onto Torres, who strokes the ball into the far corner!!! A very well-worked goal, and it's one that halves Real's lead, and makes it game on at 2-1!,1
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8Pedri is the latest Barcelona midfielder to come off, and Franck Kessie will see out the remainder of the game in his place.,0
Gavi slides in needlessly on Tchouameni and sends the Real midfielder flying, and is booked for his challenge by the referee.,2
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Modric has been typically class in the middle of the park, and comes off for the last 10 minutes to be played by Eduardo Camavinga.,0
Modric arrives very, very late and catches Pedri on the heel, and the challenge warrants a deserved yellow card from the referee's pocket.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Dembele is the next to come off for Barca, and can the oncoming Ansu Fati have the desired impact to get the Blaugrana back into this one?,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Xavi also brings his captain Busquets off, replaced by the more attack-minded youngster Gavi.,0
Alejandro BaldeBarcelona · Defender #28Balde also comes off, and is replaced at left-back by Jordi Alba.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22A triple change comes from the Barcelona bench, the first of which sees Raphinha withdrawn for Ferran Torres.,0
Asst: F. MendyGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! The Madridstas double their lead!!! Vinicius drives forward on his own and takes on the Barca defence. Support eventually arrives, and he frees up Mendy. He in turn finds Valverde, who smashes a low effort beyond the reach of Ter Stegen and into the bottom corner!!! 2-0, and despite a flurry of Barcelona chances, Real are in control at the Bernabeu!,1
A succession of midfield fouls culminates in Kroos clattering De Jong just inside the Barca half, and Vinicius isn't happy at all, to the extent that he's booked for dissent by the referee.,2
OOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Los Blancos strike first!!! Real flood forward on the break as Kroos looks to release Vinicius. He's pulled to the floor, but manages to put the Brazilian into space, and he surges into the box. He takes on Ter Stegen, and the ball is parried by the goalkeeper, but Benzema arrives to smash the ball home from 15 yards and lift the roof off the Bernabeu! 1-0 to Real, and the home side lead!,1
Tom CairneyFulham · Midfielder #10Silva wants to see out this win, and he's bringing on defensive reinforcements to do it. Cairney, who has had a great game in the middle of the park, is replaced by Lukic.,0
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20And after scoring what Fulham will hope is the winning goal, Willian goes off for Adarabioyo.,0
Vinicius goes down softly before reacting angrily when Kilman tells him to get up. The forward leans his head in towards the Wolves captain as he squares up, and the referee has to show him a yellow card.,2
t's late by Lemina as he steps across Cairney, stopping the Scotsman's run. He's protesting his innocence, but the referee is showing him a yellow card.,2
Matheus CunhaWolves · Striker #12Wolves' final roll of the dice sees Doyle come on to replace Cunha for the remaining minutes.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18And Wilson is brought on in place of Pereira.,0
Raúl JiménezFulham · Striker #7Fulham's reaction to conceding that goal is to make a double change as they look to take the lead for the third time. Jimenez is replaced by Vinicius.,0
Penalty GoalHWANG SCORES! And Wolves are level once more! It's an emphatic penalty from the South Korean as he steps up and fires his shot straight down the middle. Leno is already diving and it flies over the goalkeeper's legs and into the back of the net. 2-2!,1
Jeanricner BellegardeWolves · Midfielder #27Wolves are making their second change here. Bellegarde, whose clever footwork set-up the visitors' equaliser, is replaced by a striker in Kalajdzic.,0
Penalty GoalWILLIAN SCORES! Fulham are back in front! It's as cool as you like from the Brazilian, who takes his run up from the edge of the 18-yard box, but just stutters in front of the ball. Once the goalkeeper shifts his weight to his right, Willian slides it down the opposite side of the goal, giving Sa no chance. 2-1 Fulham!,1
illian is just too quick, and the ball is gone before Joao Gomes steps on his foot trying to block the pass. He's the first Wolves player into the book.,2
Asst: J. BellegardeCUNHA EQUALISES! It's another brilliant team goal! Wolves move it out from the back quickly, but after a series of one-touch passes to get it through midfield, the best bit of play comes from Bellegarde as he twists Robinson one way and the other before clipping it into the far post. Cunha is unmarked, and he rises high to thump his header past Leno. 1-1!,1
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Midfielder #3Ait-Nouri only lasted about three minutes after receiving treatment on his ankle, but he can't carry on. Doherty, who is only just back after a hamstring injury, is brought on in his place.,0
Ream is the first name into the book after tugging back Hwang to stop him on the break.,2
Asst: A. RobinsonIWOBI SCORES! It's a lovely team move from Fulham! It starts with Iwobi as he cuts inside from the right before sweeping it out to Robinson on the opposite flank. He plays a one-two with Willian before squaring it into the middle and putting it on a plate for Iwobi to guide it past Sa from the six-yard box. 1-0 Fulham!,1
Iker MuniainAthletic Club · Midfielder #10Mikel Balenziaga replaces Iker Muniain in Bilbao's third change of the game.,0
sst: M. VesgaGOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO MIGHT HAVE JUST WON THIS IN THE FINAL FEW MINUTES! 1-0! It is Alex Berenguer who is the hero of San Mames Stadium! A poor pass out the back from Madrid is intercepted by Mikel Vesga, who feeds the substitute downfield, and he cuts inside the defender to curl a beauty in at the far post!,1
Raúl GarcíaAthletic Club · Striker #22Nicolas Serrano replaces Raul Garcia in Bilbao's third change of the game.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Eduardo Camavinga replaces Toni Kroos in Real Madrid's second change of the game.,0
Yuri offers up a two-footed clattering tackle now to get his name in the book for a yellow card offence too.,2
De Marcos becomes the latest player to face the yellow card, this time for an illegal shirt pull.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Isco replaces Vinicius Junior in Real Madrid's first change of the game.,0
Modric picks up his side's second yellow card of the game as he looks to cut off Bilbao's counter and commits the foul.,2
Nico WilliamsAthletic Club · Midfielder #30Alex Berenguer replaces Nico Williams in Bilbao's first change of the game, before we get back underway.,0
Tempers flare again and Dani Garcia gets booked for a shove on Vinicius Junior. This is a testy, tasty tie.,2
n a game that has been feisty - to put it mildly - it was only a matter of time before a yellow card was shown. It is Kroos who is booked, for having a heavy nip at the ankles of Alvarez.,2
ete is booked for timewasting over a free-kick inside Everton's half. Officials have been told to come down harshly on those offences this season.,2
James GarnerEverton · Midfielder #37Everton introduce 20-year-old forward Dobbin, with Garner withdrawn.,0
GOAAAAAAL! DECORDOVA-REID PUTS FULHAM 1-0 UP! Everton have missed chance after chance, and now, they're behind! Substitutes Mitrovic and Pereira combine, with the latter beating Tarkowski for pace and crossing low for Decordova-Reid, who couldn't miss from inside the six-yard box!,1
Neal MaupayEverton · Striker #13Everton will give a debut to loanee Danjuma here. He's replacing Maupay in attack, seven months after he rejected the Toffees to join Tottenham.,0
Tom CairneyFulham · Midfielder #10Pereira is also on, taking Cairney's place just behind the striker.,0
Raúl JiménezFulham · Striker #7That will be Jimenez's last involvement on his first competitive outing for Fulham. Mitrovic is on, to a great reception from the visiting fans.,0
WillianFulham · Striker #20It always seemed likely that Silva would turn to his bench at the break, and he's done exactly that. Decordova-Reid replaces Willian.,0
Willian jumps into a rather reckless challenge on Garner, and gets the first yellow card of the game. Everton will look to hit the box from this free-kick.,2
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Gundogan makes way for Foden for the dying minutes.,0
Cancelo slides in hard in Carroll from behind and goes into the book.,2
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Gayle replaces Almiron for the visitors for the closing stages.,0
char brings down De Bruyne on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Ferran TorresMan City · Striker #21Aguero comes on to replace Torres for the final 13 minutes to build his fitness.,0
JoelintonNewcastle · Striker #9Carroll replaces the ailing Joelinton for the Magpies in the final third.,0
Matt RitchieNewcastle · Defender #11Lewis replaces Ritchie down the left flank for the visitors.,0
Ritchie pulls back Cancelo on a run down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Fernandinho replaces Rodri for the home side in the middle of the park.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TORRES SCORES FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!! 2-0 CITY!!!! The home side double their advantage as Torres slots a simple strike past Darlow. Silva robs Almiron of possession down the right flank and sends a low ball across the face of goal. Fernandez scuffs his clearance straight to Torres, who takes a touch and finds the bottom-right corner.,1
Rodri clips Clark on a charge upfield and goes into the book. A needless one from the Spaniard.,2
sst: R. SterlingGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GUNDOGAN PUTS CITY AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The home side get the breakthrough as Gundogan slots home from close range. Cancelo releases Sterling down the right inside channel and the England man does well to draw the Newcastle defence with a drag back. With time, he picks out Gundogan, who sidefoots his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
ee is booked for a challenge on Solanke around 25 yards out, that hands Bouremouth a free-kick in a good shooting position. However, the attempt from Stanislas hits the wall and goes behind for a corner.,2
Dwight McNeilBurnley · Midfielder #11The other change sees McNeil replaced by Brady.,0
Jack CorkBurnley · Midfielder #4Late double substitution by Burnley, the first change sees Cork come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Brownhill.,0
ook is also booked for his reaction to the coming together between Smith and Tarkowski.,2
Smith is booked for a late sliding tackle on Tarkowski, which just catches the Burnley centre-back. The two players the clash and have words, with a few others piling in to separate them.,2
Late booking for Hendrick, for a challenge from behind on Fraser.,2
Asst: P. BardsleyGOAL! McNeil makes it 3-0 to Burnley! A superb finish by the winger after a quick counter forward, he cuts inside and runs at the Bournemouth defence, before firing the ball into the top right-hand corner of the net from the edge of the penalty area.,1
Lennon is booked within a minute of coming onto the pitch, after his challenge on Surman.,2
Matěj VydraBurnley · Striker #27Burnley make their first change of the game, with Vydra replaced by Lennon.,0
Harry WilsonBournemouth · Striker #22Third and final Bournemouth substitution, with Harry Wilson the man coming off and he has been replaced by Solanke.,0
Dan GoslingBournemouth · Midfielder #4The second Bournemouth substitution sees Gosling come off and he has been replaced by Fraser.,0
Joshua KingBournemouth · Striker #7Double change here by Bournemouth, the first sees Stanislas replace King.,0
Bardsley is the first Burnley player to be booked, after his late challenge on King.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! Rodriguez converts from the penalty spot to make it 2-0 to Burnley! The striker sends Ramsdale the wrong way and powers the ball into the top right-hand corner of the net.,1
Asst: D. McNeilGOOOAAALLL! Burnley break the deadlock, it's 1-0! Vydra with the goal to put the Clarets ahead, after missing a couple of opportunities in the first half. The striker is allowed far too much time and space in the box, after a pass from McNeil and he cuts inside and fools Francis, before poking the ball over Ramsdale and into the back of the net.,1
rancis is shown the first yellow card of the game following a late challenge on Vydra.,2
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14De Cordova-Reid makes way for Duffy, who will shore up the Fulham defence for the final minute.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Cairney replaces Pereira for the closing stages, who has impressed on his Fulham debut.,0
Asst: D. NúñezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SALAH LEVELS AGAIN FOR LIVERPOOL!!!! 2-2!!!!! The Reds have a second equaliser with a scrappy goal as Salah converts after a scramble in the box. Alexander-Arnold floats a ball over the top for Nunez and Salah to attack. It hits Nunez and falls for Salah to poke past Rodak and into the back of the net.,1
Luis DíazLiverpool · Striker #23Diaz is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced in the final third by former Fulham man Carvalho.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MITROVIC CONVERTS!!!! 2-1 FULHAM!!!!!! The Cottagers restore their advantage as the Serbia international holds his nerve from 12 yards. Mitrovic fires low and hard on his right foot into the bottom-right corner away from the dive of Alisson.,1
Neeskens KebanoFulham · Midfielder #7Solomon enters the action for the home side to replace Kebano in the final third.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! NUNEZ LEVELS FOR LIVERPOOL!!!!! 1-1!!! The Uruguayan makes a decisive impact on his Premier League debut as he succeeds with a flick at the second time of asking. Salah finds space once again down the right flank and fires a low ball into the middle of Nunez to attack. He goes for the backheel again and on this occasion is able to guide his effort past Rodak from close range.,1
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Fabinho is withdrawn by Klopp as Milner enters the fold.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Nunez makes his Premier League bow by replacing Firmino.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Elliott enters the fold as replaces the ailing Thiago in the Liverpool midfield.,0
sst: K. TeteGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MITROVIC HEADS FULHAM IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0!!! The Cottagers take the lead as Mitrovic plants a header into the top-left corner. Fulham break down the right flank as Kebano feeds the run of Tete and he hooks a cross to the back post. Mitrovic rises above Alexander-Arnold and powers his header past Alisson.,1
ete slides in hard on Diaz from behind and goes into the book.,2
sst: J. MurphyLASCELLES!!! 1-1! NEWCASTLE EQUALISE! Late drama at St James' Park as Lascelles powers home a header from Murphy's cross to rescue a point for the hosts in the dying seconds. Captain's example!,1
Isaac HaydenNewcastle · Midfielder #14Newcastle turn straight to the bench and throw on Andy Carroll in favour of Hayden.,0
Emil KrafthNewcastle · Defender #17Another change for the hosts with Javier Manquillo replacing Krafth.,0
Ryan FraserNewcastle · Striker #21A change for Newcastle as Fraser makes way for Jacob Murphy.,0
ings is next into the book after obstructing the run of Joelinton.,2
cGinn has his name taken by the referee for bringing down Fraser.,2
ascelles goes into the book for a deliberate handball that prevented Barkley from getting away.,2
TrézéguetAston Villa · Striker #17Villa make a change with Ross Barkley introduced in favour of Trezeguet.,0
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Ramsey makes way for Villa to be replaced by Morgan Sanson.,0
Krafth goes into the book for bundling over the onrushing Watkins.,2
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Striker #15Traore is unable to continue following that nasty clash with the advertising board. He is replaced by Anwar El Ghazi.,0
Anthony GordonNewcastle · Striker #10Gordon gets a great reception from the travelling fans as Howe withdraws him for the closing moments. Krafth is on for the former Everton man, who has gotten through so much work in attack.,0
Now Zaniolo is cautioned for a stupid challenge from behind on Guimaraes. All that did is break up the game and halt any Villa momentum.,2
There are ironic cheers around Villa Park as Gordon becomes the first Newcastle name in the referee's notebook.,2
cGinn becomes the third Villa player to see yellow after catching Almiron with a heavy challenge in midfield.,2
Lewis MileyNewcastle · Midfielder #67Howe responds to this spell of Villa pressure by making a substitution. Livramento replaces Miley.,0
uiz goes into the book for pushing Murphy after the Newcastle winger attempted to prevent Villa from taking a quick free-kick. Watkins' goal has completely changed the atmosphere here!,2
Asst: L. BaileyGOOOOAAAAAL! WATKINS PULLS ONE BACK! Is it game on at Villa Park? McGinn lifts a great pass over the top of the Newcastle backline for Bailey, who has impressed since coming on. The substitute drills his cross into the six-yard box, and Watkins gets across his man to fire home! It's 3-1, and Villa's tails are up now!,1
Boubacar KamaraAston Villa · Midfielder #44Finally, reported Newcastle target Ramsey takes the place of Kamara in an attack-minded switch.,0
Youri TielemansAston Villa · Midfielder #8Zaniolo, meanwhile, is on for Tielemans in midfield.,0
Moussa DiabyAston Villa · Striker #19Emery is making three changes as Villa seek a route back into this match. Bailey replaces Diaby.,0
Alexander IsakNewcastle · Striker #14Isak's outing comes to a premature end as he trudges off the pitch. Almiron is on to replace him, the Paraguayan receiving a fine reception from the travelling fans as he enters the action.,0
Kamara goes into the book for a careless foul as Villa's frustrations continue to mount. The referee signals that one was for an accumulation of offences.,2
OOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! SCHAR GETS ANOTHER AS VILLA PARK IS STUNNED INTO SILENCE! Wow. Another right-wing corner is floated in by Trippier, and Villa can only clear it as far as Gordon, who is stationed on the edge of the penalty area. He lashes a volley towards goal, and it takes a deflection off Lenglet before striking the underside of the crossbar! With Martinez grounded, Schar rushes in to tap home the rebound! 2-0 to Newcastle!,1
sst: K. TrippierGOOOOOOAAAAAAAALL! NEWCASTLE TAKE THE LEAD THROUGH SCHAR! Trippier lifts the corner into the centre of the penalty area, and Schar escapes Konsa to prod the bouncing ball into the bottom-right corner and give Newcastle what you'd have to describe as a deserved lead! Emery will be furious with the defending there. 1-0 to the visitors!,1
In the dying moments, Navas is needlessly booked for time-wasting.,2
Penalty Goal3-1 TO FOREST! Coolly rolling the ball into the bottom-right corner, Gibbs-White sends Steele the wrong way from the spot! Surely that secures maximum points for the home side, who have fought back brilliantly during the second half!,1
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40Having scored a goal on his first league start, Buonanotte makes his way to the touchline; Offiah will replace him - it's the latter's Premier League debut.,0
Brennan JohnsonNottm Forest · Midfielder #20Applauded off and serenaded by the home fans, Johnson is withdrawn for the more defensive option of Toffolo.,0
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9After a tireless shift up front - plus an assist for potentially Forest's winning goal - Awoniyi makes way for Ayew up front.,0
Julio EncisoBrighton · Striker #20Brighton make another attacking change, as Enciso is withdrawn and Undav replaces him.,0
Pervis EstupiñánBrighton · Defender #30De Zerbi has seen enough, and after a lacklustre second-half showing he changes personnel. Welbeck will come on for Estupinan, with March shifting to left-back.,0
Asst: T. AwoniyiFOREST GO IN FRONT! Under pressure from Danilo, Caicedo loses the ball deep in midfield, presenting it to Awoniyi. The big striker stays composed to roll the ball back into Danilo's path on the right side of the area, and the latter's low shot finds the bottom-left corner! A great show of character from Cooper's men - they now lead 2-1!,1
Neco WilliamsNottm Forest · Midfielder #7After a long delay, Kouyate comes on to replace Williams, who has to depart with a head injury.,0
BRIGHTON LEAD! After March makes an out-to-in run and unleashes a low strike, Navas can only palm the ball straight into the path of Buonanotte. On his first Premier League start, the 18-year-old then scores from close range! It's an error that follows some great stops by either goalkeeper - and it proves costly: 1-0 to Brighton!,1
Moussa NiakhatéNottm Forest · Defender #19Niakhate will be unable to cause any more havoc with his throw-ins, as due to injury he is replaced by Worrall at the back.,0
After a flare-up of tempers between several players on either side, after Buonanotte goes over in the Forest area, Felipe is shown a yellow card for his part in proceedings.,2
Armando BrojaSouthampton · Striker #18Broja can't continue, and makes way for Armstrong. ,0
Sergi CanosBrentford · Midfielder #7Stevens, the Welsh U21 International, comes on for his Premier League debut in place of the injured Canos. ,0
Asst: I. DialloGoal!! Adams has scored with his first contribution! 4-1!! A long ball is thumped downfield by Diallo, and Adams takes one touch to bring the ball down, and a second to prod it past the goalkeeper. What an impact!,1
Nathan TellaSouthampton · Midfielder #23Tella, who has been very dangerous all game, is replaced by Armstrong. ,0
Ethan PinnockBrentford · Defender #5Jensen is coming on for Pinnock here. ,0
Nathan RedmondSouthampton · Striker #11Adams makes his return from a Covid absence, to replace Redmond up top. ,0
Shandon BaptisteBrentford · Midfielder #26Baptiste makes way for Wissa, who has six goals this season. ,0
Asst: O. RomeuGOAAAALLLL! 3-1! Out of nowhere Southampton double their lead! Romeu picks up a loose ball in his own half and threads a beautiful through-ball to Broja. The striker is clean through with only the keeper to beat, and keeps his composure to slot it into the far corner. ,1
Toney flings his arm across Salisu's face competing for a header, and the Brentford striker is put into the book. ,2
Asst: B. MbeumoWhat a goal! 1-1! Mbeumo races down the right and whips in a delicious cross from the byline. Janelt waits for the ball to come across his body, and steers the ball into the far corner with a crisp volley from inside the box. Game on!,1
Asst: J. Ward-ProwseGOAL!! 1-0!! Ward-Prowse delivers a beautifully weighted corner into the near post, and Bednarek flicks it into the far corner with a deft header. The keeper had no chance with that!,1
Wissa's shown the yellow card for not moving back far enough for a Leeds free-kick.,2
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8It's Roca who makes way for Greenwood. Leeds still have time to win this.,0
och's booked for charging into the back of Toney as he holds the ball up for Brentford.,2
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Leeds bring on Bamford. The Englishman takes Rodrigo's place up front.,0
Brentford are frustrated to have Toney give a free-kick away just as they burst through the Leeds midfield. The Englishman is booked.,2
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Leeds substitution. The lively Aaronson goes off. On comes Sinisterra.,0
Rodrigo lands himself in the referee's book for dissent. Leeds really want a breakthrough goal but need to keep their cool.,2
Josh DasilvaBrentford · Midfielder #10Brentford make the game's first substitution. Janelt takes Dasilva's place in the Bees' midfield.,0
ze is bearing down on goal before being clipped by Lowton who is booked for the offence.,2
Robbie BradyBurnley · Midfielder #12Brady, who came on as a substitue himself not long ago, is replaced by Pieters.,0
Rodriguez earns the first yellow card of the game for a challenge on Schlupp.,2
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9But first, another Palace sub as Ayew is replaced by Benteke. ,0
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Dyche follows suit and replaces Gudmundsson with Brady for the final 25 minutes or so. ,0
Jaïro RiedewaldCrystal Palace · Midfielder #44First change for Hodgson as Schlupp is on for Riedewald.,0
OAL! BURNLEY LEAD 1-0! Gudmundsson launches a hopeful ball into the box and Kouyate makes a meal of it. His header is straight to Rodriguez who puts it on a plate for Wood to smash home.,1
Asst: D. ZapataGOOOALLL!!! This might not be over just yet!!! Zapata overpowers Messias on the byline and crosses through a fleet of Milan defenders to the unmarked Pasalic. He has all the time in the world to pick his shot, and finishes past Maignan to make it 3-2!!!! We're into the last minute and this game is hotting up once again!!,1
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Pietro Pellegri comes on for Milan, replacing the scorer of his team's third goal in Leao, who has been everywhere for the away side tonight.,0
Leão is the next to be booked, as he takes far too long taking a throw-in up the field and is rightfully carded by the referee.,2
Remo FreulerAtalanta · Midfielder #11Captain Freuler is replaced by Mario Pasalic for Atalanta. He'll be glad to see the back of this game, as he was dispossessed all too easily by Tonali, for Milan's second goal.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOALLL!!! Atalanta are finally on the board!! Zapata steps up for the penalty, and makes no mistake in sending Maignan the wrong way to make it 3-1! A consolation goal in what has been a dismal performance by Atalanta's usual high standards.,1
Messias is booked for blocking Zappacosta's shot with his hand. It's Mike Maignan who'll be more bothered though, as his clean sheet may now be eradicated!,2
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Fodé Ballo-Touré is also introduced, replacing Theo Hernandez who like Tonali, has been excellent for Milan in this game.,0
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8The impressive Tonali is replaced by Bennacaer, and the former is cheered loudly by the travelling Milan supporters.,0
Asst: T. HernándezGOOOOALLL!!! That surely wraps it up for Milan! Messias and Hernandez break forward and the substitute selflessly leaves Hernandez's throughball for Leao to latch onto, who makes no mistake in firing the ball past Musso to make it 3-0 to Milan!! Game, set and match? It's beyond any reasonable doubt now.,1
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Diaz is withdrawn by Milan manager Stefano Pioli, and Brazilian loanee Junior Messias takes his place.,0
Ruslan MalinovskyiAtalanta · Striker #18Likewise, Malinovskiy, who has somewhat impressed, is brought off for the ever-dangerous Josip Ilicic.,0
Joakim MæhleAtalanta · Midfielder #3Maehle is withdrawn in place of Colombian striker Luis Muriel, as Atalanta look to spark a greater attacking impetus further up the pitch.,0
Tomori picks up Milan's first booking having pulled back Maehle as the Atalanta wing-back looked to break away.,2
Merih DemiralAtalanta · Defender #28Atalanta have introduced Teun Koopmeiners in place of Demiral, with their summer signing from AZ likely to play in defensive midfield.,0
OOOALLL!!! Milan double their lead! Tonali easily dispossesses Freuler and is one-on-one with Musso, and the Italy international calmly side-foots a deft shot past the goalkeeper to make it 2-0 to Milan!,1
Diaz is booked by the referee having vehemently protested De Roon's challenges, but then does the exact same to Malinovskiy!,2
De Roon again brings down Hernandez, in an almost identical position, and as a result receives the first booking of the match.,2
Matteo PessinaAtalanta · Midfielder #32Pessina is indeed replaced, by on-loan Roma defender Giuseppe Pezzella.,0
OOOOALLLLL!!!! WHAT A START FOR MILAN!!!! With just seconds on the clock, a delightful throughball from Hernandez finds Calabria of all people, and despite Musso saving his first shot, the Milan captain is on hand to tap in the rebound!!! Wow, just wow, we did not see that coming and Milan are 1-0 up inside thirty seconds!!!,1
Asst: C. NørgaardGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TONEY GETS ONE BACK FOR THE BEES!!!!! 3-1!!!! The home side have at least something to show for their efforts as Toney bundles home a close-range strike. Sorensen sends a throw-in long into the box that Pinnock heads on. The ball pinballs around the box and is eventually steered towards Toney by Norgaard after being cleared off the line. The forward makes no mistake dispatching his effort into the net.,1
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39Matic replaces the injured McTominay for the closing stages of the game.,0
Asst: B. FernandesGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! RASHFORD SURELY SECURES THE THREE POINTS!!!!!! 3-0 UNITED!!!!!! Rashford ends his drought in front of goal with a clinical finish into the top-right corner. United cut through the Brentford backline with ease as Fernandes spots the run of Rashford in the right-inside channel. Sorensen tries to get over late, but the forward buries a first-time strike past Lossl. Rashford needed that goal.,1
Cristiano RonaldoMan United · Striker #7Ronaldo is withdrawn from the action and does not look overly pleased with the decision. Maguire returns to the fold after a rib injury to replace the Portuguese.,0
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Midfielder #11Greenwood makes way after finding the net for the Red Devils. It was not his best outing, but he got a valuable goal for the visitors. Rashford replaces the forward.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Jensen could have scored at least two goals today for the Bees and will regret his missed chances. Wissa replaces the midfielder.,0
Sergi CanosBrentford · Midfielder #7Henry replaces Canos on the left flank for the home side.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Janelt has been active in the middle of the park, but is now withdrawn and replaced by Baptiste.,0
Asst: B. FernandesGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! GREENWOOD CONVERTS ON A BREAK!!!!!! 2-0 UNITED!!!!! The visitors double their lead with a clinical counter, allowing Greenwood to tap home a cutback from Fernandes. The Portuguese latches on to a knockdown from Ronaldo and surges away from Norgaard. He lays the ball on a plate for Greenwood to send into an empty net after Lossl is forced to commit himself in the box.,1
Asst: FredGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ELANGA HEADS UNITED IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!!!!!! The visitors take the lead as Elanga controls a throughball from Fred before nodding his second touch past Lossl. Fred is afforded space and time on the edge of the Brentford box and he floats a fine ball over the top for the run of Elanga. He takes a touch away from Rasmussen and wrong-foots Lossl. Elanga holds his composure to plant his effort into the back of the net to notch his first Premier League goal of the season.,1
Vladimír CoufalWest Ham · Midfielder #5Having played on with a knock for most of the game, Coufal comes off during stoppage time and Downes is his replacement.,0
For attempting to delay the latest Newcastle free-kick, Aguerd is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Anderson takes Willock's place for the final 10 minutes or so.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Newcastle respond with a double change. First, Almiron is replaced by Murphy out wide.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Having led the line today, Antonio is now replaced by a different attacking threat posed by goal-poacher Ings.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22Benrahma also makes way, as Fornals is offered a cameo for the final few minutes.,0
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #11Moyes can perhaps sense his team tiring, so Soucek comes on to replace Paqueta in midfield.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Striker #10A frustrating shift for Saint-Maximin comes to an early end, as Gordon is roared on to the pitch for his Newcastle United debut.,0
aving toppled over in the penalty area, Joelinton claims the nearby Aguerd tripped him. There was no such contact, though, and the Brazilian is justly booked.,2
Thilo KehrerWest Ham · Defender #24The visitors have made a half-time change at the back, as Kehrer makes way for Johnson.,0
A desperate lunge on a fast-escaping Paqueta earns Willock the first booking of the game and concedes a free-kick 30 yards out from goal.,2
Dybala is fuming with the referee as he blows for full-time before the corner can be taken. Rightly, he goes into the book for dissent.,2
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Zanoli, perhap solely to defend the incoming corner, is sent on for Lobotka.,0
Dries MertensNapoli · Striker #14Mertens, who opened the scoring, is brought off by the away side for Petagna.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #22Scorer of the equaliser, Chiesa, is substituted off for Kulusevski.,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Midfielder #21Elmas, who only recently returned a negative COVID-19 test, replaces Politano.,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Morata, reportedly a target of Barcelona, wanders off and Kean takes his place up top.,0
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12De Sciglio also comes on for Alex Sandro in the left-back slot.,0
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25The hosts also make an alteration in midfield, with Bentancur replacing the industrious Rabiot.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Striker #20Bernardeschi makes way as part of a double substitution by Allegri. Dybala takes his place up top.,0
GOOOOOALLLL! 1-1! Just as the game looked like it has settled into fairly sub-par and uneventful proceedings, Chiesa sneaks one into the bottom-left corner. Rrahmani can only head out to the edge of the area, where the forward is waiting before drilling a low effort, which deflects off Lobotka, and past Ospina.,1
Napoli counter-attack rapidly, resulting in Politano having acres of space at the edge of the area. Alex Sandro cynically hacks him down, gifting the visitors a free-kick as he also becomes the first name in the referee's book.,2
Asst: M. PolitanoGOOALLLL! 1-0 NAPOLI! Insigne clips over the top for Politano, who takes a touch before offloading to Mertens. He sets himself before blasting towards the bottom-left corner, where De Ligt fails to clear on the line and Napoli take the lead.,1
McTominay is involved in an altercation with Maupay and goes into the book.,2
aupay is also shown a yellow card for his part in the scuffle with McTominay.,2
Asst: I. ToneyAJER!!! 1-1! BRENTFORD ARE LEVEL IN THE DYING SECONDS! With one of the final attacks in this game, the Bees launch the ball into the box. Toney controls well and drills it across the area, where the unmarked Ajer is on hand to slot home.,1
sst: CasemiroMOUNT!!! 1-0 UNITED! It's the late, late show again from the visitors! What a time to score your first goal for the club! Following a couple of scrappy challenges, the ball drops kindly for Casemiro, who slides through Mount on the edge of the box. The former Chelsea midfielder takes a touch, before sweeping past Flekken.,1
Keane Lewis-PotterBrentford · Midfielder #23Ghoddos also comes on for the dying minutes with Lewis-Potter the player withdrawn.,0
Mads RoerslevBrentford · Midfielder #30Brentford make another double-change. Maupay is introduced in place of Roerslev.,0
Zanka goes into the book for a rash challenge near the halfway line.,2
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford also makes way for the visitors as Mount comes on for his first Premier League appearance since November.,0
Kobbie MainooMan United · Midfielder #37United make two changes. The first sees youth replaced by experience as Mainoo makes way for Casemiro.,0
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Brentford make a double-change. The first sees Wissa make way to be replaced by Mbeumo.,0
Yegor YarmolyukBrentford · Midfielder #33The other sees Damsgaard introduced in place of Yarmoliuk.,0
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2Lindelof is unable to continue and makes way to be replaced by the returning Martinez.,0
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #17United make a change as Garnacho makes way to be replaced by Antony.,0
Raphaël VaraneMan United · Defender #19United make a defensive change at the break with Maguire coming on to replace Varane.,0
Frustrated at the referee's decision not to award him a free-kick, Wissa then catches Fernandes late and goes into the book.,2
Wan-Bissaka catches Roerslev with a late sliding challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
OOALLLL! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES LATE ON TO PULL ONE BACK! Hack gets an unchallenged headed clearance all wrong, flicking backward for Zentner but instead finding Lewandowski. The Polish forward takes one touch into the area before coolly slotting into the bottom right corner to pull one back and make it 2-1 late on.,1
Leandro BarreiroMainz · Midfielder #35At the same time as Brosinski's introduction, Kohr also replaces Barreiro.,0
Danny da CostaMainz · Midfielder #22Da Costa wanders off the pitch, greeted by the hug of Svensson and Brosinski is the man who comes on.,0
Davies dances around Barreiro before being hacked down by da Costa. The right wing-back's sliding tackle looks to have caught more the ball than the man but referee Osmers shows the yellow card to da Costa nevertheless.,2
Karim OnisiwoMainz · Striker #21Another change comes for the hosts as Glatzel comes on for Onisiwo.,0
ewandowski again catches Barreiro with a loose arm to the face and this time referee Osmers cautions the Polish forward.,2
David AlabaBayern · Defender #27Flick, with no choice but to attack, sends on Gnabry for Alaba.,0
Robin QuaisonMainz · Midfielder #7Quaison, who powered home a first-half header to double the hosts' lead, makes his way off and Boetius is the man to replace him.,0
t. Juste clatters into the back of Lewandowski in the air. The Bayern staff suggest an elbow, while Svensson protests his centre-back's innocence. Referee Osmers dishes out his second Mainz yellow card in as many minutes to the defender.,2
Mwene becomes the first Mainz man in Osmers' book for a late tackle on Pavard on the left-hand touchline.,2
Jonathan BurkardtMainz · Striker #29Svensson, perhaps an enforced decision by the medical team, brings on Oztunali for Burkardt at half-time.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Musiala makes his way on at half-time and Coman is the man to make way.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Flick doesn't hang about as he makes a triple change at half-time. The first of which sees Choupo-Moting replace Sane.,0
The hosts' anger carries on as da Costa gets brought down in the middle of the park. Mainz's players gather around referee Osmers and the official shows a yellow card to Alaba, taking Bayern's yellow card tally to three for the first half.,2
Goretzka races through the middle to hack down Burkardt with a strong, sliding tackle. He becomes the second Bayern player in the book but Mainz's players rush towards referee Osmers as they feel the challenge was reckless. He disagrees and sticks with his yellow card decision.,2
sst: P. MweneGOOOALLLLLL!! 2-0 MAINZ! Boateng’s mistake leads to a free-kick wide on the left. Mwene whips in the set-piece, finding Quaison, who won the free-kick, inside the six-yard area and the forward powers a header past Neuer from close range.,1
Boateng brings down Quaison in the left-hand channel as the centre-back was perhaps unaware of the forward's presence behind him. The German defender becomes the first name in the book and the hosts have a free-kick in the left-hand channel.,2
GOALLLLL!!! 1-0 MAINZ! Mwene drives down the left, progressing past Bayern’s midfield before clipping over the top for the run of Burkardt. Boateng gets in the way of Davies, flicking a header over Davies and into the patch of Burkardt, who powerfully volleys from the edge of the area. Neuer should save the strike but he can only push the forward’s effort into the back of his own net to give Mainz a surprising early lead!,1
Said is shown a yellow card in the final few seconds for dissent.,2
Pepi is shown a yellow card moments after coming on after an altercation with Samed.,2
amed also goes into the book after an argument with Pepi. He had already committed six fouls in the match.,2
Luuk de JongPSV · Striker #9PSV make a late change with a couple of minutes remaining. De Jong comes off for Pepi in the attack.,0
Johan BakayokoPSV · Striker #11Bakayoko is also coming off and is replaced by Til.,0
Hirving LozanoPSV · Striker #27Lozano walks off the pitch after a good performance on the left for PSV. Vertessen is on for the final part of match.,0
Deiver MachadoLens · Midfielder #3Lens make a change. Machado made a huge impact with his runs before the break but has been quiet since the restart. Haidara takes his place.,0
Elye WahiLens · Striker #9Wahi netted Lens' equaliser and is now being replaced after an energetic performance in the attack. Guilavogui is on and Said will now lead the line.,0
Malik TillmanPSV · Midfielder #10Tillman got the assist for PSV's goal but is now coming off. Saibari is on.,0
Boscagli is given a yellow card for a late tackle on Wahi, who had rushed past him on the right.,2
sst: P. FrankowskiGOALLL! WAHI SCORES! 1-1! Lens find an equaliser immediately after making three changes. Frankowski has possession on the right and whips a cross into the middle of the box. Wahi gets ahead of Ramalho and blasts his shot past Benitez.,1
Florian SotocaLens · Midfielder #7Said started the last game and is now coming on to try and make an impact. Sotoca is given a rest.,0
Nampalys MendyLens · Midfielder #26Mendy is on a yellow card and is also coming off. Costa is on.,0
Angelo FulginiLens · Midfielder #11Haise has seen enough and has decided to make a couple of changes to try and alter the game. Thomasson comes on for Fulgini in the attack.,0
Asst: M. TillmanGOALLL! BAKAYOKO SCORES! 1-0 PSV! What a strike from Bakayoko! Lozano drives forward with the ball down the left before laying a pass inside to Tillman. He rolls it across to Bakayoko, who cuts inside outside the box and whips a low shot into the bottom corner,,1
Mendy goes into the book after a strong tackle on Tillman around the halfway line.,2
amalho is given the first yellow card of the game for blocking the path of Wahi, who was rushing forward off the ball.,2
Ismael SaibariPSV · Striker #28PSV bring on some fresh legs to see the game out. Off goes Saibari, who had their best chance in the first half. On comes Mwene.,0
André Ramalho SilvaPSV · Defender #5Ramalho also heads off early. Obispo is his replacement.,0
Lamela picks up a late yellow card for a poor challenge on Branthwaite that leaves the Englishman needing treatment. Sampaoli isn't pleased with the decision.,2
Patrick van AanholtPSV · Defender #30PSV make a change first. Mauro Junior replaces van Aanholt.,0
Marcos AcuñaSevilla · Midfielder #19Acuna's race is also run. Montiel is his replacement on the pitch for Sevilla.,0
Óliver TorresSevilla · Midfielder #21Sevilla will make changes before the corner's taken. Torres heads off. On comes Lamela in his stead.,0
Youssef En-NesyriSevilla · Striker #15Sevilla make their third change of the match. Suso replaces one of their goalscorers, En-Nesyri.,0
Luuk de JongPSV · Striker #9PSV make another change. The Wolves loanee Silva takes De Jong's place up front.,0
Guus TilPSV · Midfielder #20PSV make some necessary substitutions. Hazard replaces the anonymous Til.,0
udelj picks up a yellow card for bringing down De Jong just next to the D.,2
sst: L. OcamposGOAL! SEVILLA 3-0 PSV! Gudelj might have killed this tie already. Rakitic pops a pass down the inside-right channel for Ocampos. He backheels it into the direction of the Serbian, who smashes it into the roof of the net.,1
Asst: ÓliverGOAL! SEVILLA 2-0 PSV! What a goal by Ocampos! The substitute takes Torres' high cross into the box down with his right foot, swivels, and spanks it towards goal with his left. It ricochets satisfyingly into the net off the right-hand post. He's only been on the pitch for five minutes!,1
Bryan GilSevilla · Midfielder #25Sevilla make a half-time change as Ocampos replaces Gil. That's unexpected, as Gil didn't appear to be injured at the end of the first half.,0
Asst: J. NavasGOAL! SEVILLA 1-0 PSV! PSV give the ball away in their own half and get punished! Navas sends a first-time cross into the centre for En-Nesyri, who easily slots past Benitez!,1
Loïc BadéSevilla · Defender #44Fernando replaces the stricken Bade on the pitch for Sevilla.,0
Gabriel PaulistaValencia · Defender #5The injured Gabriel is replaced by Diakhaby late on.,0
Carlos SolerValencia · Midfielder #8Cheryshev comes on for Soler as Valencia go in search of a late winner.,0
Gomez fouls Thomas and becomes the latest player to be shown a yellow card.,2
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Simeone makes his third and final change - and not a moment too soon. Carrasco takes over from Koke.,0
Santiago AriasAtlético Madrid · Defender #4Morata is on and Arias off in Atletico's second change. It will likely mean a tweak in formation, too.,0
Gonçalo GuedesValencia · Striker #7Gameiro is on for Guedes as Simeone turns to his bench for the first time today.,0
sst: D. ParejoGOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!!! VALENCIA 2-2 ATLETICO!!!! Parejo floats a delightful free-kick into the penalty box and Kondogbia guides it past Oblak. The midfielder got away from Llorente and, despite miscuing his initial attempt, it went in off his other leg. Simeone will be fuming at his side's defending!,1
Vrsaljko catches Soler with a stray arm and enters the referee's book. This match is threatening to boil over.,2
uedes' shot from outside the box deflects off Arias for a corner. Valencia wanted a free-kick and Gabriel is booked for his protests.,2
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Defender #12Lodi is replaced by fellow full-back Vrsaljko in Atletico's first change of the contest.,0
OOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! VALENCIA 1-2 ATLETICO!!!! Just like that, the visitors are back in front! Thomas turns over possession and charges towards the opposition box. He pulls the trigger from around 20 yards and picks out the bottom-left corner with a fine finish.,1
sst: M. GómezGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! VALENCIA 1-1 ATLETICO!!! Gomez chests down a corner and fires a cross into the six-yard box, where Gabriel - who perhaps could have done better to prevent Atletico's opening goal - is waiting to head in an equaliser.,1
Lodi catches Wass when attempting to block a cross from the right and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! VALENCIA 0-1 ATLETICO!!!! Vitolo is played in down the right and picks out Correa, whose attempted shot is blocked by Gabriel. Llorente is right on the case and pokes the ball past Domenech to give Atletico the lead through their first real attempt.,1
Sofyan AmrabatMan United · Defender #4Martial is coming on for United, who are heading towards their second defeat in the Champions league this season. Amrabat runs off.,0
Mason MountMan United · Midfielder #7Mount has had bright spells but is now coming off. Antony takes his place.,0
Kaan AyhanGalatasaray · Midfielder #23Ayhan also makes his way off the pitch. Nelsson comes on.,0
AngeliñoGalatasaray · Defender #3Galatasaray make a couple of changes. Ndombele replaces Angelino.,0
sst: D. SánchezGOALLLL! ICARDI SCORES! 3-2 GALATASARAY! Icardi missed a penalty a few minutes ago but he shows no signs of a lack of confidence with an excellent finish. A clearing header from Sanchez goes through the middle of the pitch to Icardi, who chips his shot over Onana.,1
RED CARD! Casimiro is shown his second yellow card of the game for a poor tackle on Mertens inside the box. Icardi will take the penalty.,3
Wilfried ZahaGalatasaray · Midfielder #14Zaha has been brilliant in this game and is now coming off. Mertens takes his place.,0
sst: B. A. YılmazGOALLLLL! AKTURKOGLU SCORES! 2-2! Galatasaray equalise again! Yilmaz races down the right and is put under pressure by Amrabat before slotting a pass through the legs of Varane. Akturkoglu receives it in the middle of the box and directs his effort across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10United make a change. Rashford is now coming off. Garnacho is given a chance to make an impression.,0
GOALLLL! HOJLUND SCORES AGAIN! 2-1 UNITED! Hojlund scores his second of the game to put United ahead. Oliveira sends a pass back to Sanchez, but he cannot control the ball and Hojlund races away with possession. He drives towards the box before chipping his effort over Muslera.,1
TetêGalatasaray · Midfielder #20Galatasaray make a couple of changes. Tete has had a quiet game compared to Zaha on the other wing and is replaced by Yilmaz.,0
Lucas TorreiraGalatasaray · Midfielder #34Torreira is also on his way off the pitch. Oliveira replaces him in the midfield.,0
Hannibal MejbriMan United · Midfielder #46United make a change before the restart. Mejbri had a difficult half and is now being replaced by Eriksen.,0
The game is getting a bit heated. Dalot is the latest to go into the book after a late tackle on Zaha, who had pushed the ball past him.,2
Casemiro goes into the book after a high boot. He will have to be careful for the rest of the game if he wants to avoid a red card.,2
Former Arsenal midfielder Torreira is shown the first yellow card of the game for a late tackle on Casemiro.,2
Asst: D. SánchezGOAALLLL! ZAHA SCORES! 1-1! Zaha scores on his return to Old Trafford. The former Crystal Palace man battles against Dalot inside the box, pushing away the right-back. He drives a shot into the ground, and it bounces up before looping over Onana and into the net.,1
Asst: M. RashfordGOALLLL! HOJLUND SCORES! 1-0 UNITED! What a start for the home side! Rashford races onto the end of a long pass from Casemiro and bursts down the right before driving a pass across to Hojlund, who applies a simple headed finish from close range.,1
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Mahrez makes way for Gundogan, who will drop into the middle of the park.,0
Ferran TorresMan City · Striker #21Torres is withdrawn for Foden, which sees Sterling lead the line for the visitors.,0
Max LoweSheffield United · Defender #13Lowe is replaced by McGoldrick, which sees a reshuffle at the back for the hosts.,0
Ethan AmpaduSheffield United · Midfielder #22Ampadu is withdrawn for the home side and Norwood replaces the Welshman.,0
Ben OsbornSheffield United · Midfielder #23Osborn makes way for Lundstram in the middle of the park.,0
sst: K. De BruyneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! WALKER PUTS CITY AHEAD!!! 1-0!! Walker belts a low strike on the half-volley towards the target and it beats the hand of Ramsdale to find the bottom-left corner. Sterling starts the move to open up the United defence. A cross-field pass from De Bruyne finds Walker in space and he does the rest with a fine finish.,1
Cajuste lunges in with another poorly timed tackle in midfield and is shown a yellow card for a foul on Mandragora.,2
Asst: F. ParisiGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! 3-1 FIORENTINA AND THREE POINTS TO THE VIOLA! Parisi bursts down the left flank on a surging counter-attack before delivering a pinpoint cross towards the near post. Gonzalez takes it first time with a right-footed effort that crashes into the roof of the net, leaving Meret powerless to the close-range finish. Game over!,1
Simeone is late to a loose ball and is shown a yellow card for felling Parisi. Both players stay down after a hefty challenge but the pair are soon back to their feet.,2
Ranieri is shown a yellow card for a late sliding tackle on Olivera near Napoli's left-hand corner.,2
Jonathan IkonéFiorentina · Midfielder #11Fiorentina bring off Ikone for 18-year-old Comuzzo, who comes on for his Serie A debut.,0
Arthur MeloFiorentina · Midfielder #6Arthur also wanders off as Infantino takes his place in midfield.,0
Michael KayodeFiorentina · Defender #33Italiano uses a break in play to make some more changes. Ranieri replaces the energetic Kayode.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Lobotka is the final Napoli player removed as Gaetano comes on.,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Strangely, Osimhen is brought off for Simeone. That is quite the decision from Garcia.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Garcia makes a triple substitution, the first of which sees Zielinski replaced by Lindstrom.,0
Josip BrekaloFiorentina · Midfielder #77Fiorentina send on Gonzalez, who has two goals in his last two league games, for Brekalo.,0
onaventura is cautioned by the referee for clumsily felling Zielinski, whose heels were clipped as he looked to break down the left-hand side.,2
Martinez is shown a yellow card for a late lunge through the back of Raspadori.,2
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! FIORENTINA ARE BACK IN FRONT! Back in Italy’s squad and back in the goals, Bonaventura strikes to put Italiano’s side 2-1 up. Duncan wanders into space outside the area before Olivera’s tackle inadvertently falls into the path of Bonaventura, who coolly steers a right-footed finish into the bottom-right corner. Meret has no chance as the Viola midfielder had tons of time to pick his spot from inside the box.,1
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Politano appears a touch surprised as Garcia replaces the Napoli winger with Cajuste.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! NAPOLI EQUALISE! After winning the penalty, Osimhen fires a right-footed effort into the bottom-right corner. Terracciano dives the right way to his left but cannot get any touch on the powerful spot-kick. It is 1-1 in Naples!,1
erracciano is shown a yellow card for bringing down Osimhen inside the area as the Napoli striker latched onto Parisi's error.,2
André-Frank Zambo AnguissaNapoli · Midfielder #99Garcia uses Anguissa's injury to make an attacking substitution, potentially for a change of formation. Attacker Raspadori replaces the injured midfielder, who seemed to be holding his hamstring.,0
GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 FIORENTINA! The Napoli home crowd are silenced as the visitors strike early. Martinez hits the right-hand post from a Bonaventura right-wing centre before Brekalo takes a touch, setting himself from the left of goal and then arrowing a left-footed drive through the legs of Meret.,1
Eddie NketiahArsenal · Striker #30Following a first-half brace against his former club, Nketiah makes way in stoppage time. Lacazette will be his replacement.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Midfielder #35Despite cramp disrupting his second half, Martinelli has excelled today, and takes some warm applause from the home fans as he makes way for Smith Rowe.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Arteta reacts to conceding a goal by withdrawing Saka, and Pepe comes on.,0
Asst: J. FirpoLEEDS PULL ONE BACK! From nowhere, Leeds' first corner of the match is flicked on at the near post by Firpo, who leaps highest of several contenders, and Llorente coolly volleys the ball past Ramsdale at the back post, where he waits unmarked. One shot; one goal - 10-man Leeds half their deficit!,1
For a crunching challenge on James in midfield, Tomiyasu is shown a yellow card.,2
RaphinhaLeeds United · Midfielder #10On a booking since before the break, Raphinha makes way for Rodrigo.,0
Mateusz KlichLeeds United · Midfielder #43On a booking from the first half, Klich makes way for Bate in the Leeds midfield.,0
Klich is the latest man to lose his cool in the Sunday sunshine, as he needlessly tackles Xhaka from behind and brings the Swiss midfielder down. That's another yellow card.,2
Joe GelhardtLeeds United · Striker #30To compensate for the loss of their right-back, Gelhardt is substituted by Leeds, and Struijk comes on to join the back four.,0
EEDS DOWN TO 10! Ayling is sent off for his reckless two-footed challenge, as the VAR instructs the on-field referee to review his decision to show him only a yellow card. After a brief check, it is upgraded to red, and Leeds are up against it now!,3
For aggressively arguing with the referee about the Ayling incident, Raphina is booked, but has clearly lost his head and then has to be led away by team-mates before seeing red.,2
 totally needless sliding challenge on James inside the centre-circle sees Gabriel receive the game's first yellow card. That was a rash tackle, and he has to negotiate more than an hour on a booking.,2
Asst: G. MartinelliNKETIAH DOUBLES UP! Arsenal's striker scores again versus his old club, after Martinelli charges to the left byline and cuts the ball back into the centre of the box. Nketiah stays cool to divert the ball into the back of the net, and the Gunners are already 2-0 ahead!,1
ARSENAL LEAD! A horrible howler by Meslier gifts the Gunners an early opener, as Nketiah chases down a big gap to nick the ball off the young goalkeeper's boot inside the six-yard box and turns it into the empty net! That's bright play from the former Leeds striker, who refuses to celebrate, but Meslier is the clear culprit. Arsenal 1-0 Leeds!,1
Insigne is given a yellow card for handball inside Atalanta’s penalty area. ,2
Matteo PessinaAtalanta · Midfielder #32Gasperini makes a late change with time running out, bringing off Pessina for Pasalic. ,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Following that third Atalanta goal, Petagna replaces Osimhen for Napoli.,0
Asst: D. ZapataGOAL! Atalanta add a third! Ilicic lays the ball off for Zapata on the edge of the box, and he is alert to the run of Pessina, teeing it up for the Italian. Pessina dribbles beyond a couple of defenders before chipping the ball over the onrushing Ospina from the centre of the box. 3-1.  ,1
Zapata skips away from Di Lorenzo just inside the away side’s half, before being brought down by the full-back, who is shown a yellow card. ,2
José Luis PalominoAtalanta · Defender #6With 18 minutes of normal time left to play, Palomino comes off Caldara. ,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Napoli make their third change of the match. Bakayoko makes way for Lobotka.  ,0
Some neat link-up play allows Sutalo to break down the right-hand side of the field, although he is cynically taken out by Zielinski, who is shown a yellow card for that tackle. ,2
Luis MurielAtalanta · Striker #9Shortly after conceding, Gasperini brings on Ilicic for Muriel. ,0
GOAL! Napoli have one back! Bakayoko latches onto Di Lorenzo’s pass into the box, cuts onto his left foot, and sees his shot deflect off Palomino. The loose ball drops to Lozano, who is somehow denied at the first attempt by Gollini, before steering home the rebound from close range. 2-1.  ,1
Elif ElmasNapoli · Midfielder #7Napoli make one change at the break. Elmas makes way for Politano. ,0
Elseid HysajNapoli · Defender #23Gattuso is clearly not impressed by his team’s first-half display and opts to make his first change, bringing on Rui for Hysaj. There is no sign of an injury. ,0
Hysaj is the latest player to go into the book following a late challenge on Pessina deep inside the hosts’ half.  ,2
Asst: D. ZapataGOAL! Atalanta double their lead! Napoli initially deal with a cross from the right, but the ball is only cleared as far as Gosens, who plays an incisive pass into Zapata on the edge of the box. The Colombian then steers a first-time throughball into Pessina’s path, and he slides his close-range effort into the bottom-left corner. 2-0.,1
Asst: M. de RoonGOAL! Atalanta take the lead! What a strike! After some patient build-up play just inside the Napoli half, De Roon feeds the ball to Zapata a few yards outside of the visitors’ penalty area. The Colombian takes a couple of touches before lashing a fierce shot beyond Ospina and into the bottom-left corner. 1-0. ,1
alomino picks up the first yellow card of the match after cynically fouling Lozano as he looked to break down the right wing. He can have no complaints about that decision. ,2
KEAN MAKES IT FOUR! 4-0! PSG have turned a tight game into a thrashing late on! Verratti waltzes through on goal before having a dink kept out by Kawashima, but the ball ricochets to Kean who smashes it into the bottom corner!,1
Mohamed SimakanStrasbourg · Defender #2Simakan has been impressive at the back, but he makes way for Chahiri now. ,0
Asst: J. DraxlerBRILLIANT FROM GUEYE! 3-0! Gueye receives a simple pass from Draxler before blasting a low, swerving effort beyond Kawashima from 25 yards!,1
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Mbappe's work is done and he's replaced up top by Kean.,0
sst: A. Di MaríaMBAPPE! 2-0! Mbappe seals it for PSG, as Di Maria robs Mitrovic inside the box before drawing the goalkeeper out and rolling it across to Mbappe who slots it into an empty net!,1
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21PSG attempt to secure their lead by replacing Herrera with Gueye.,0
Jeanricner BellegardeStrasbourg · Midfielder #17Bellegarde is replaced by Diallo in midfield for the away side.,0
Dimitri LiénardStrasbourg · Midfielder #11Lienard also comes off with Prcic coming on.,0
Ibrahima SissokoStrasbourg · Midfielder #27Strasbourg attempt to turn the game around with a double substitution. First of all, Sissoko departs with Thomasson taking his place.,0
PEMBELE! 1-0 PARIS SAINT GERMAIN! Dagba breaks the offside trap and cuts it back to Di Maria, who has a shot parried away by Kawashima and into the path of Pembele who slides in to poke it into an empty net!,1
Sergi DarderEspanyol · Midfielder #10Darder is next to go off. Espanyol's defensive midfielder David Lopez comes on.,0
Óscar GilEspanyol · Defender #12Espanyol bring on some more players to shore themselves up. Vila replaces Gil at full-back.,0
Gil's booked for talking too much as Espanyol are unhappy with Madrid taking a free-kick quickly. Rodrygo darts down the right and knocks the ball off Pedrosa for a corner.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Madrid substitution. Vinicius goes off. Hazard takes up his task down Madrid's left.,0
sst: L. JovićGOAL! ESPANYOL 2-1 REAL MADRID! Madrid have a lifeline as Benzema receives a pass from Jovic to dribble inside the box and smash the ball into the bottom right corner. Espanyol were guilty of leaving themselves too open to Madrid's counter-attack.,1
Adri EmbarbaEspanyol · Midfielder #23Embarba is also replaced as Espanyol freshen up their flanks. The Chinese international Wu takes his place on Espanyol's left wing.,0
Aleix VidalEspanyol · Midfielder #22Espanyol make more changes. Vidal, one of their goalscorers, goes off. It's Melamed's time to shine.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Madrid react immediately. Kroos goes off. Casemiro comes on.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Modric is also sacrificed. Madrid have no choice but to go all-out attack now. Jovic is his replacement.,0
Asst: K. BareGOAL! ESPANYOL 2-0 REAL MADRID! Vidal leaves Madrid in real trouble! Espanyol take the free-kick quickly and Vidal breezes past Nacho to lash the ball past Courtois at his near post!,1
Óscar MelendoEspanyol · Midfielder #14Espanyol make their first change of the game. Melendo makes way for the Villarreal loanee Morlanes.,0
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #25Ancelotti makes a substitution during the break. Camavinga gets hooked after a poor first half. Rodrygo replaces him.,0
Camavinga's shown a yellow card for a sliding tackle on Bare. It wasn't a pretty tackle and Bare stays down to receive some treatment.,2
Asst: A. EmbarbaGOAL! ESPANYOL 1-0 REAL MADRID! De Tomas hands Espanyol the lead, rifling the ball home from close range! It comes from a simple cross as Embarba whips the ball into the six-yard box from the right.,1
Embarba commits a poor challenge on Camavinga as Madrid go on the attack. The Espanyol man is shown a yellow card.,2
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Bayern are making another double change now and Kimmich is the first to make way for Martinez.,0
sst: L. GoretzkaIT'S FIVE! Gnabry has his second of the game as Goretzka lifts a lovely cross into the far post again and he's left with a free header where he nods it in to put Bayern 5-1 ahead!,1
Ismail JakobsKöln · Midfielder #8Final change for Cologne now and it's Jakobs that's making way for Katterbach.,0
sst: L. HernándezGNABRY SCORES! It's too easy for Bayern to get in behind as Hernandez plays a dangerous cross into the six-yard box. Lewandowski is sliding in at the near post, but can't get enough on it and it goes through to Gnabry who sends it past Timo Horn. 4-1 Bayern!,1
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Third change for Bayern now as Davies is taken off for Hernandez.,0
Ondrej DudaKöln · Striker #18Meyer is also coming on in place of Duda.,0
Elvis RexhbecajKöln · Midfielder #20Another double change for Cologne now and Gisdol is bringing on Drexler for Rexhbecaj.,0
sst: T. MüllerLEWANDOWSKI SCORES! It's an instant impact by Muller as he picks out Lewandowski on the edge of the box. The forward turns and hits the shot as soon as it drops at his feet, picking out the bottom corner. 3-1 Bayern!,1
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Midfielder #13The scorer of the first goal, Choupo-Moting, is also making way, with Gnabry replacing him.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42There's a double change for Bayern now and it's Musiala that's making way for Muller first.,0
COLOGNE ARE BACK IN IT! It's poor from Bayern as all the defenders leave it for each other to clear and Skhiri takes advantage of the confusion. He steps past Davies before lifting his shot over Neuer and picking out the far top corner. 2-1!,1
Rafael CzichosKöln · Defender #5Czichos also makes way, with Jannes Horn replacing him.,0
Emmanuel DennisKöln · Striker #43There's a double change for Cologne at the break. Dennis is being taken off, with Thielmann coming on for him.,0
Earlier in the move, Sane caught Skhiri after he'd got rid of the ball, so he's booked as well.,2
t's a late challenge from Czichos on Musiala and he is shown a yellow card.,2
sst: L. GoretzkaLEWANDOWSKI SCORES! It's another sloppy pass by Cologne, this time it's Skhiri that gives it away in midfield and Lewandowski pounces on it. He plays a one-two with Goretzka to open up some space and slots his shot past Horn to make it 2-0 Bayern!,1
Alaba gave the ball away with a sloppy pass and then pulled back Duda to stop him reaching it so is shown the first booking of the game.,2
Asst: L. GoretzkaBAYERN LEAD! Choupo-Moting peels away from Wolf at the far post as he makes the run to get on the end of Goretzka's cross and nods it past Horn, who can't get across his line quickly across. 1-0 Bayern!,1
sst: L. YamalGOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR TORRES! 4-2 BARCELONA! What a moment for Torres. Yamal breaks free on the counter and has space on the right, rolling a pass through to Torres. He gets away from his marker and drives into the box before chipping the ball over Silva.,1
Asst: F. TorresGOALLL! JOAO FELIX SCORES! 3-2 BARCELONA! What an impact from the substitute to put Barcelona ahead. Joao Felix has possession in the middle of Betis' half and plays a pass into Torres on the edge of the box before getting it back from the forward. The Portugal international then curls a low shot with the outside of his left foot into the bottom-left corner.,1
Pau CubarsíBarcelona · Defender #33Young defender Cubarsi is walking off the pitch slowly and is looking hurt. Xavi makes an attacking change and replaces him with forward Joao Felix.,0
Johnny CardosoReal Betis · Midfielder #4Cardoso's Betis debut is over, but he will be satisfied after completing 95.8 per cent of his passes. Altimira is on.,0
Abner is the first player to go into the book after pushing Kounde in the face. The Barcelona man got past him on the touchline, forcing him to make the foul.,2
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8Barcelona make their second change. Pedri sprints off the pitch and is replaced by Lopez in the midfield.,0
Robert LewandowskiBarcelona · Striker #9Lewandowski has had a quiet game up front for Barcelona and is now coming off without having a shot. Roque is on.,0
Asst: L. HGOALLL! ISCO SCORES AGAIN! 2-2! The goal stands after a long VAR check! Isco beats the offside trap to get on the end of Henrique's cross down the right before looping his shot over Pena, who rushes off his line but cannot get there. The goalkeeper could've done better with both goals.,1
De Jong goes into the book for dissent. He is furious with the goal being allowed to stand.,2
GOALLL! ISCO SCORES! Betis get one back! Henrique shows some clever feet to get past De Jong on the right before looping a cross into the heart of the box. Pena punches it away, but only as far as Isco, who blasts a powerful effort into the roof of the net. There was a long VAR check for a possible foul on Pedri by Iglesias, but the goal stands.,1
OALLL! TORRES SCORES AGAIN! 2-0 BARCELONA! What a start to the half from Barcelona. Yamal gets onto the end of a ball down the right by Kounde and shows his speed and strength to get beyond Abner. His shot from the byline crashes the woodwork, but the rebound falls straight to Torres, who blasts his effort in from the middle of the box.,1
Willian JoséReal Betis · Striker #12Betis head coach Pellegrini has seen enough and has decided to make two changes at half-time. Willian Jose had just nine touches and is replaced up front by Iglesias.,0
Assane DiaoReal Betis · Midfielder #38Diao was quiet on the left for Betis and made just two passes. He is replaced by the experienced Fekir.,0
sst: PedriGOALLL! TORRES SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! The away side are ahead. Gundogan has possession inside Betis' half on the right, and he looks to switch the play over to Torres, but the ball deflects off of a defender and into the path of Pedri inside the box. He then rolls a pass across to Torres, who has the easiest of finishes into an open net.,1
GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! A richly deserved fourth for the Red Devils!!! Pellistri is straight into the action, and burns around the outside of two defenders on the right, before cutting the ball back from the byline. McTominay meets it with a first-time shot that Bravo parries, but the ball falls for Weghorst to slot home the goal he's been chasing all night!! 4-1 on the night, and United's dominance of this second half suggests that this tie may already be done and dusted - we're not even halfway through it yet.,1
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Antony also comes off, and Uruguayan Facundo Pellistri replaces the United winger.,0
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Scott McTominay is on for the hosts, replacing Fred in the heart of midfield late on.,0
JuanmiReal Betis · Midfielder #7Juanmi is off in the latest Betis change, with Willian Jose brought on to see out the final 10 minutes.,0
uardado underhits a back-pass to Bravo, and Fernandes slides in going for the ball. He gets nothing on it though, instead catching the goalkeeper late, and the riskiness of that challenge results in the United captain being shown a yellow card.,2
Guido RodríguezReal Betis · Midfielder #5Rodriguez is the latest player withdrawn by Manuel Pellegrini, and veteran Mexico midfielder Andres Guardado comes on for Betis.,0
Ayoze PérezReal Betis · Striker #21Los Verdiblancos also make a change up front, as equalising goalscorer Perez is replaced by their overall top scorer this season, Borja Iglesias.,0
Luke ShawMan United · Defender #23Shaw also comes off having made a significant contribution at both ends, and Tyrell Malacia comes on to see out the last half hour or so.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford's opener sent Manchester United on their way to what looks like being a comfortable victory in this game, and the in-form striker is replaced by his international team-mate Jadon Sancho.,0
JoaquínReal Betis · Midfielder #17Joaquin comes off in Betis' first change of the game, with the captain replaced by his second-in-command Sergio Canales in the number 10 role.,0
Luiz HenriqueReal Betis · Midfielder #11Luiz Henrique also comes off for Los Verdiblancos, with Aitor Ruibal, another who has two European goals this season, replacing the Brazilian.,0
sst: L. ShawGOOOOAAAALLL!!! United make it three!!! Shaw's outswinging corner is met superbly by Fernandes at the front post, and his header is too much for Bravo to handle as the ball finds the back of the net! It's woefully poor marking from Betis from the corner, but the captain won't care as he makes it 3-1!,1
Weghorst bundles Pezzella out and over the touchline, and is far from happy when the referee penalises him. That dissent sees the official take things a step further, as he brandishes a yellow card Weghorst's way.,2
Asst: B. FernandesGOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Super strike!!! Fernandes finds Antony to the right, and cuts back onto that dangerous left foot of his. Betis don't close him down quick enough and he shoots, leaving Bravo rooted to the spot as the ball sails straight into the top corner! 2-1 to the hosts, and the second half begins just as the first did - with a bang!,1
Diogo DalotMan United · Defender #20United make a half-time change as Aaron Wan-Bissaka comes on for Dalot at right-back, looking to provide some more defensive solidity in that area of the pitch.,0
Asst: JuanmiGOOOOAAAALLL!!!! What a finish to equalise, and Old Trafford is silenced! A cross-field pass is chested down by Juanmi, who cuts inside before switching play back to the right. It's controlled by Perez, who smashes the ball across the face of goal and beats De Gea to finish in the far corner! A superb low shot, and just like that, Betis are level at 1-1!,1
GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!! What a strike, and what a response!!! United break forward in numbers and Fernandes attempts to find Weghorst in the box. Pezzella clips it away, but the ball only finds Rashford, who takes a touch before rifling a thumping shot goalwards, giving Bravo no chance and finding the back of the net!!! The power on that shot was simply unsavable, and it puts Manchester United 1-0 up just six minutes into this match!,1
Adama TraoréSheriff · Striker #9Traore is replaced by Cojocari up top.,0
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Perisic also heads off to be replaced by Kolarov.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Two more changes for Inter. First of all, Brozovic is taken off for Sensi.,0
Dimitris KolovosSheriff · Midfielder #22Kolovos departs with Cojocaru coming on following that knock.,0
Arturo VidalInter · Midfielder #22Vidal walks off to be replaced by Gagliardini.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Inter make two changes as they refresh their lineup. The first sees Dzeko make way for Sanchez after a brilliant display.,0
Edmund AddoSheriff · Midfielder #21Sheriff make a change as they look to inject some energy into the game: Addo makes way for Nikolov.,0
sst: D. DumfriesAnd De Vrij makes it 3-1! Brozovic sends an inviting corner to the back post where Dumfries heads it into the six-yard box. De Vrij pounces and fires a low strike through the dive of Celeadnic and into the bottom corner!,1
Asst: E. DžekoGOAL! Vidal restores Inter's lead! 2-1. Barella finds Dzeko on the edge of the box and the striker draws in a defender before releasing Vidal who squeezes in a low strike at the near post from eight yards!,1
Federico DimarcoInter · Defender #32Dimarco is replaced by Bastoni immediately after the goal.,0
GOALLL! THILL! SHERIFF EQUALISE! 1-1. Dimarco hauls over Bruno, presenting Sheriff with a promising free-kick 30 yards out. Thill — who scored the winner against Madrid — steps up and curls a sensational effort over the wall, beyond Handanovic and into the top corner!,1
Dimarco is shown a yellow card after tripping Bruno to halt a breakaway.    ,2
Frank CastañedaSheriff · Midfielder #10The Sheriff captain, Castaneda Velez, is replaced by Radeljic as the visitors switch to a back three for the second half to match up Inter.,0
sst: A. VidalDZEKO! 1-0! Inter take the lead. Dimarco's outswinging corner is flicked on by Vidal and finds its way to an unmarked Dzeko at the back post. Dzeko promptly smashes a powerful volley back across goal and into the top corner! Celeadnic stood no chance!,1
Havertz brings down Amartey as he looks to start another Leicester attack, and the Chelsea forward is penalised and booked by the referee.,2
Marc CucurellaChelsea · Defender #32Cucurella has been excellent for his new side once more, and Ben Chilwell will take his place for the final moments of the game.,0
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #8Tielemans has had the ball on a string in this second half, but comes off for the final few minutes as Wilfred Ndidi enters the fray.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Striker #17Sterling's two goals are the difference at the moment, and he comes off for Christian Pulisic to see out the game.,0
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Jorginho's been quiet by his own high standards in this game, and is replaced by Mateo Kovacic for the home side.,0
sst: J. VardyGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! They're pulled one back!!!! Barnes and Vardy link up down the left, playing a one-two that allows Barnes to escape Silva and smash a shot beyond Mendy and into the back of the net!!! 2-1, and it's game on once again!,1
Asst: R. JamesGOOOOAAALLLL!!!! He's got two!!! Superb play down the right between Havertz and James, who play a quick one-two to release the right-back. James fires the ball across the face of goal, where Sterling is waiting to tap it home for 2-0!!! A very well-worked goal indeed, and the 10 men of Chelsea are cruising here!,1
Boubakary SoumaréLeicester City · Midfielder #42Soumare is also brought off, as Brendan Rodgers introduces Kelechi Ịheanachọ to add more to Leicester's attack.,0
Dennis PraetLeicester City · Midfielder #26Leicester make a double change, with the first seeing Praet come off for Ayoze Perez.,0
Asst: M. CucurellaGOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLL!!!!! Chelsea lead!!!! Cucurella finds Sterling on the edge of the box, who takes on Amartey and shoots. It takes a nick off the Foxes defender, sending it looping over Ward and into the back of the net!!!! 1-0 to the hosts, and what a start to the second half!,1
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19With Gallagher off and the Blues down to 10 men, Mount is withdrawn for Chelsea to bring on Cesar Azpilicueta at the start of the second half.,0
Chelsea break down the right following the corner and Sterling looks to cut inside. He's met by Praet, who holds him back and takes him down to prevent the England forward escaping him, and the referee shows him a yellow card.,2
There's pinball in midfield after Loftus-Cheek surges away on the counter, and Dewsbury-Hall slides in for a loose ball, catching Cucurella late and being shown a yellow card!,2
HE'S OFF!!!! A loose Cucurella pass from the corner gives Barnes a chance to streak clear, but he's taken out by Gallagher and hits the deck! It's a yellow card all day long, and Gallagher's second, which means the young Chelsea midfielder is sent off!,3
Dewsbury-Hall gets around the outside of Gallagher and is subsequently clipped by the Chelsea midfielder. He's penalised for the foul, and is shown the first yellow card of the match.,2
Ederson clatters into Jesus after the Arsenal striker knocks the ball away to stop City taking a quick free-kick. The City goalkeeper is shown a yellow card for his needless push.,2
esus is also shown a yellow card for wasting time by touching the ball away to stop the restart.,2
Asst: K. HavertzGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! ARSENAL 1-0! The Emirates erupts as the Gunners fire themselves into a late lead. Partey's long ball is headed down by Tomiyasu to Havertz, who lays the ball off to the edge of the area. Martinelli races forward to curl a right-footed strike that deflects off Ake and slams into the bottom-left corner. Ederson has no chance as the City goalkeeper has already gone the other way, and Arteta's side are ahead!,1
JorginhoArsenal · Midfielder #20Jorginho, who did well after his early yellow card, is also brought off for Partey in midfield.,0
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35Arteta makes a triple substitution, the first of which sees Tomiyasu replace Zinchenko.,0
Julián ÁlvarezMan City · Striker #19Doku replaces Alvarez as Guardiola opts for the winger's pace on the right-hand side.,0
Mateo KovačićMan City · Midfielder #8Kovacic, who somehow avoided a first-half dismissal, is finally hooked in favour of Nunes.,0
Rico LewisMan City · Midfielder #82Guardiola takes the chance to make a triple substitution. The impressive Lewis is the first to make way for the fit-again Stones.,0
Leandro TrossardArsenal · Striker #19Arteta does not hesitate to change things, bringing on the fit-again Martinelli for Trossard at half-time.,0
ovacic is the next City player to go into the referee’s book after crunching through the back of Odegaard with a poor sliding tackle. The VAR has a check to see if the punishment should be upgraded to a red card, but the officials stick with the on-pitch call.,2
Silva hacks Nketiah down with a needless sliding tackle and becomes the first City name in referee Oliver's book.,2
Foden powers away from Jorginho down the left-hand side before the Arsenal midfielder drags him down from behind. The Italy international is deservedly shown the first yellow card of the match.,2
olgate enters the referee's book late on for a bad challenge on Chelsea substitute Broja.,2
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18The final substitution of the contest sees Giroud replaced by another Chelsea academy product in Broja.,0
Richarlison attempts to race clear of Zouma but is dragged back by his opponent, who is rightly booked.,2
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Calvert-Lewin is replaced by academy graduate Gordon in Everton's third and final substitution.,0
WillianChelsea · Striker #10Lampard turns to his bench for the second time today. Willian, who has a goal and an assist to his name, makes way for teenage midfielder Anjorin.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount has put in a good shift today and is given a breather for the remaining half an hour. James is brought on in his place.,0
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Kean replaces Davies as Ancelotti tweaks with his formation.,0
Asst: WillianGOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! CHELSEA 4-0 EVERTON!!! Giroud adds his name to the scoresheet! The France international sticks out a leg four yards from goal to divert Willian's cross past a rooted Pickford.,1
Gomes is shown the first yellow card of the match for dissent.,2
Asst: R. BarkleyGOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! CHELSEA 3-0 EVERTON!!!! Willian whistles in a third for Chelsea early in the second half. Twenty yards from goal, no Everton player closes the Brazil international down and he fizzes one into the bottom-left corner.,1
BernardEverton · Midfielder #20Walcott replaces Bernard, who picked up an injury late in the first half, in the only half-time substitution.,0
Asst: R. BarkleyGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! CHELSEA 2-0 EVERTON!!! Pedro doubles Chelsea's lead with another well-worked goal. Barkley slots the ball through the middle and Pedro reacts quicker than Sidibe and Keane to race through on goal. When one-on-one with Pickford he calmly picks his spot.,1
Asst: PedroGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! CHELSEA 1-0 EVERTON!!! A smart finish from Mount gives Chelsea a deserved early lead. Pedro cuts inside from the left and feeds the ball into the feet of Mount, who swivels just inside the box and picks out the one bit of the net Pickford is unable to reach. There were 20 passes in the build-up to the goal.,1
sst: RodrygoGOAAAL! IT'S SURELY GAME OVER AS KROOS GETS REAL MADRID'S SECOND! Kroos plays the role of super sub to seal victory for Los Blancos! Rodrygo breaks forward to exchange passes with Valverde, before cutting the ball back for Kroos on the edge of the area. The pass is slightly behind the midfielder, but he produces an excellent finish to find the bottom-right corner! 2-0!,1
Herrera is booked for that foul on Camavinga, before the free-kick is flicked harmlessly wide by Benzema.,2
Mikel VesgaAthletic Club · Midfielder #6Physical forward Raul Garcia is on for Vesga. Athletic will look to pick out the striker at every opportunity now.,0
Dani CeballosReal Madrid · Midfielder #19Kroos replaces Ceballos in Madrid's midfield as Ancelotti attempts to shore things up.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20With Vinicius having been booked, Ancelotti replaces him with fellow Brazil attacker Rodrygo.,0
Vinicius is booked for a late challenge on halfway as Madrid begin to sit deeper.,2
Óscar de MarcosAthletic Club · Defender #18Lekue becomes the fourth player introduced by Valverde, replacing De Marcos at right-back.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11Modric is the first substitute introduced by Ancelotti, replacing Asensio.,0
Oihan SancetAthletic Club · Midfielder #8Finally, club captain Muniain enters the action in Sancet's place. Does he hold the key to unlocking Madrid's defence?,0
Oier ZarragaAthletic Club · Midfielder #19Herrera is on in midfield, replacing Zarraga as Valverde opts to introduce some more experience.,0
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroAthletic Club · Midfielder #7Guruzeta is also on for Athletic, replacing the disappointing Berenguer.,0
Camavinga makes a late challenge on Yuri, and the France international becomes the first visiting player to be booked.,2
ivian's challenge on Mendy is late, and it earns the Athletic defender a yellow card. Madrid have a free-kick on the left, at least 30 yards from goal.,2
Yuri is shown the first yellow card of the game after dragging Asensio down in midfield.,2
sst: M. AsensioWHAT A GOAL! MADRID LEAD 1-0 AND BENZEMA IS THE SCORER! Wow, what a finish from the Frenchman! Athletic have created plenty of chances so far, but they are left stunned by a left-footed volley from Benzema. Valverde's lofted ball is headed down by Asensio, but Benzema makes light work of a poor lay-off by swivelling and firing into the bottom-right corner!,1
Tomás RincónSampdoria · Midfielder #88Final change for Sampdoria now, and it's Rincon that's making way for Yepes.,0
Maya YoshidaSampdoria · Defender #22And Yoshida, who is on a booking, is also making way for Magnani.,0
Ronaldo VieiraSampdoria · Midfielder #14There's another double change for Sampdoria. Vieira is the first to go off, with Askildsen replacing him.,0
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #19And Correa, whose quick brace took this game out of Sampdoria's reach, also goes off, with Caicedo on for him.,0
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Final changes for Inter now as De Vrij makes his way to the sideline. Ranocchia is on in his place.,0
It's a lovely turn from Martinez to get away from Ferrari, and the defender desperately stretches to tug him back, earning a yellow card.,2
Morten ThorsbySampdoria · Midfielder #2And Trimboli is the other player being introduced as he replaces Thorsby.,0
Antonio CandrevaSampdoria · Midfielder #87Sampdoria are making a double change here. Damsgaard is being brought on for Candreva.,0
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14There's a triple change for Inter following that third goal. Perisic went down in the build-up to it, and he's taken off on a stretcher. Gosens replaces him.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95And Bastoni is also going off, with Dimarco on for him.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Barella is also making way, with Vidal on in his place.,0
CORREA SCORES AGAIN! And just like that, it's 3-0! Correa makes the run from deep in his own half into Sampdoria's box before he tries to take it around Yoshida but spins into Ferrari. He nudges the defender out of his way before hitting his shot on the half-turn. Audero doesn't see it coming, and he slots it across goal.,1
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluCORREA SCORES! And it's a lovely goal by Inter! Calhanoglu plays a one-two with Perisic to get to the edge of the box before he lays it off to Correa. The perfectly-weighted pass allows him to hit the shot first time, and he curls it out of Audero's reach and into the far side of the net. 2-0 Inter!,1
Asst: N. BarellaPERISIC SCORES! Perisic starts the move by dispossessing Candreva and sets Inter on the counter. Barella carries it into the box before unselfishly picking out the Croatian to his left. He lifts a lovely shot over Yoshida and Audero to pick out the far bottom corner. 1-0 Inter!,1
Barella is shown the second yellow card of the day, seemingly for something he said to the referee after catching his opponent.,2
Yoshida, one of two changes made to the Sampdoria side today, earns an early booking for a foul on Correa.,2
enalty GoalIT IS 3-1! An exceptionally confident penalty, Icardi steps up and puts a Panenka right down the middle coolly - sending the goalkeeper to the right in vain!,1
Farid BoulayaMetz · Midfielder #10Boulaya is brought off with three minutes left, as Ndiaga gets a chance to stretch his legs. ,0
Habib MaïgaMetz · Midfielder #19Vagner is in for Maiga as Metz look to switch things up as time expires. ,0
Thomas DelaineMetz · Midfielder #17Delaine is another Metz player removed, as Udol receives a chance to impress. ,0
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Pochettino brings off his talisman with less than five minutes remaining, as Draxler is on for Mbappe. The question everyone will be asking though is will he be okay for the Champions League?,0
NeymarPSG · Striker #10Neymar makes way with nine minutes left in the match, as Icardi is brought on in his place. ,0
Herrera is shown a yellow card, much to his dismay after sliding in and taking Boulaya down. It’s the right call from the match official, who has shown four bookings in the second half alone.,2
Aaron Leya IsekaMetz · Striker #24Niane enters the match with 22 minutes left, replacing Leya Iseka. ,0
Victorien AngbanMetz · Midfielder #5The booked Angban sees his number come up on the board, as he'll be replaced by N'Doram. ,0
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Striker #19Sarabia's match ends after 65 minutes, with Di Maria primed to replace him. ,0
Layvin KurzawaPSG · Defender #20A change at left-back sees the booked Kurzawa replaced by Bakker. ,0
Centonze goes for a run past Kurzawa, who takes exception and sticks out a leg to trip up the winger. It’s a yellow card for the full-back.,2
HO NEEDS A PENALTY WITH A RIGHT FOOT LIKE THAT?! 2-1 PSG! Neymar wins the ball on the left and manages to centre a pass to Mbappe, who takes a touch to set himself before smashing a shot from 20 yards out that hits the hands of the goalkeeper as it sails into the roof of the net! Oukidja had no chance with that one!,1
bappe is booked for dissent after complaining to the referee that he should have been given a penalty. The referee for the second time disagrees, and has enough of the protestations.,2
Asst: F. BoulayaMETZ GET THEMSELVES LEVEL! UNBELIEVABLE! 1-1! Boulaya receives the ball on the left corner of the penalty area and shapes a superb cross to the far post. The perfectly arced delivery goes over the head of the marking Kurzawa and falls perfectly to Centonze, who nods it past Navas with confidence!,1
n the aftermath of the penalty not awarded - Verratti tracks Sarr down and gives him an impetuous kick from behind. The referee is immediately over with his yellow card brandished - the first of the match for PSG.,2
eymar is brought down outside the penalty area by Angban, who receives a yellow card for his lunge.,2
sst: A. HerreraPSG TAKE THE LEAD IN UNDER FIVE MINUTES! It’s a simple ball over the top from Herrera, who launches a delivery from inside his own half for Mbappe, who gets between the two centre-backs, takes a touch off his chest to control it and fires a low half-volley that takes a touch off of the inside of the post before crossing the line! 1-0! ,1
asse is shown a yellow card in the final seconds for a reckless challenge.,2
Anthony KnockaertValenciennes · Midfielder #93Ondoa comes on for Knockaert who had an eventful game with his contribution to that disallowed goal.,0
Siriné DoucouréValenciennes · Striker #9Final throw of the dice for Valenciennes who bring in two changes. First up, Boutoutaou replaces Doucoure.,0
Clinton MataLyon · Defender #22Maitland-Niles comes on in defence for Lyon as he replaces Mata.,0
Ernest NuamahLyon · Striker #37Lyon make changes as well as Balde replaces Nuamah in attack.,0
sst: R. CherkiGOOOOOALLLL! This one looks all done and dusted now! Lyon go 3-0 up and the subs are in the action straight away. So is Benrahma, who plays it to Cherki down the left. Cherki cuts in, gets away from the defender, and plays a perfect pass to Orban, who taps it in.,1
A bit of frustration showing now as Woudenberg is booked for a foul.,2
Jean Eric MoursouValenciennes · Midfielder #13Banse comes on for Moursou as Valenciennes make a change now.,0
Alexandre LacazetteLyon · Striker #10No hat-trick for Lacazette today. He is replaced by Orban, ending a highly successful outing for Lyon's star player.,0
Nemanja MatićLyon · Midfielder #31Matic is off and Cherki replaces him.,0
Asst: S. BenrahmaGOOOOOALLLL! A second goal for the captain and Lyon are flying now! A strong attacking move down the right, Benrahma again in the thick of things as he gets it on the edge of the box. Plays it calmly to Lacazette down the middle, and he slots it past the keeper inside the bottom left corner. Lyon 2-0 up.,1
Orel MangalaLyon · Midfielder #25That's that for Mangala. Just seemed a bit jittery there. Tolisso replaces him.,0
Lacazette is shown a yellow card for excessive celebration of that goal.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOOALLLL! Lyon 1-0 Valenciennes and the crowd goes wild. Lacazette, who won the penalty, steps up to the spot and absolutely drills that ball down the middle. Confident strike.,1
Amidst all that chaos, Mata is booked for a foul just before Knockaert broke through the Lyon left defence.,2
NeymarPSG · Midfielder #10PSG substitution. Their goalscorer Neymar goes off. Soler comes on to help them try to see the win out.,0
Lionel MessiPSG · Striker #30PSG make a change too. Sarabia comes on for Messi, who's chanted off by the crowd.,0
Jordan VeretoutMarseille · Midfielder #27Veretout also heads off the pitch. Gueye takes his place in midfield for Marseille.,0
Alexis SánchezMarseille · Striker #70Marseille use their last substitution window to stick Dieng up front. Sanchez is the player to go off.,0
arquinhos is booked for wading into the argument unnecessarily. There could be a feisty end to this match.,2
ED CARD FOR MARSEILLE! Gigot takes out Neymar with a horrendous tackle. The PSG players are rightly incensed and the referee wastes no time in brandishing his red card! Marseille will find a comeback that much harder now.,3
Amine HaritMarseille · Midfielder #77Harit also makes way after a decent 70 minutes or so. Under is his replacement.,0
Nuno TavaresMarseille · Midfielder #30Marseille will make a few changes. Kabore comes on to replace Tavares first.,0
Asst: K. MbappeGOAL! PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN 1-0 MARSEILLE! Marseille get caught on the ball again and this time get punished. Mbappe centres the ball in the box for Neymar, who slots it coolly past Lopez.,1
Eric BaillyMarseille · Defender #3On comes Gigot for Marseille as Bailly departs. Both teams have now lost a centre-back to injury before half-time.,0
Danilo PereiraPSG · Defender #15Mukiele replaces the stricken Pereira at centre-back for PSG.,0
Oliver NorwoodSheffield United · Midfielder #16Final roll of the dice for United now as Brewster comes on in place of Norwood.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Midfielder #11Final change for Chelsea now, and it's Kante that's coming on for Werner because of an injury.,0
Kean BryanSheffield United · Defender #29Second change for United now and Wilder is bringing on Sharp in place of Bryan.,0
Oliver BurkeSheffield United · Striker #14There's a change for United as well, with McGoldrick coming on to replace Burke.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18Double change for Chelsea now and Giroud is the first to make way as he comes off for Hudson-Odoi.,0
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Midfielder #21Chilwell is also taken off, with Alonso on in his place.,0
enalty GoalJORGINHO SCORES! It's a confident penalty from him and he does his trademark hop before striking the ball. Ramsdale is wrongfooted and the Brazilian slots it into the net to restore Chelsea's lead. 2-1 Chelsea! ,1
Asst: T. WernerMOUNT SCORES! Nobody picks up his run to the edge of the box and he's in a lot of space when Werner picks him out. He hits the shot first time, sending it across goal and into the far bottom corner of the net. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
asham picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Werner on the stretch with a late tackle.,2
Asst: RafinhaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NEYMAR NOTCHES HIS SECOND OF THE NIGHT! 3-1!!! PSG surely secure the win on the road as the Brazilian slides home a left-footed strike from close range. Neymar starts the move with a break from the back and offloads to Mbappe. The Frenchman releases Rafinha into the left inside channel. The midfielder cuts the ball back for Neymar to place his effort into the net.,1
Abdou DialloPSG · Defender #22Gueye comes on to replace Diallo, who was struggling with cramp.,0
Aaron Wan-BissakaMan United · Defender #29Ighalo comes on in a last roll of the dice by Solskjaer.,0
Anthony MartialMan United · Midfielder #9Martial is withdrawn for Greenwood in the final third.,0
Edinson CavaniMan United · Striker #7Van de Beek replaces Cavani to provide United with fresh legs.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6Verratti is replaced by Rafinha in the PSG midfield.,0
Alessandro FlorenziPSG · Defender #24Kehrer comes on to shore up the PSG defensive line.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Pogba replaces the ailing Rashford for the home side.,0
OFF! Fred slides in hard on Herrera and is given a second yellow card by the referee. It is a harsh second yellow, but the Brazilian should have been sent off in the first half. The midfielder is given his marching orders, but he is not happy about the decision.,3
sst: A. DialloGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MARQUINHOS RESTORES PSG'S LEAD!!!!! 2-1!!! The Brazilian stabs the ball home from close range to put the French outfit in front. United fail to clear their lines from a corner and Florenzi hooks a strike towards the net. It deflects into the path of Diallo, who flicks it into the path of Marquinho. The defender takes a touch before prodding his effort past De Gea.,1
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18Bakker comes on to replace Kean in a reshuffle for the visitors.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Former United midfielder Herrera faces his old club as he replaces Paredes.,0
aredes slides in on Fred in a 50/50 challenge. Both players are committed, but the decision goes the way of Fred. Paredes finds himself in the book.,2
Asst: A. Wan-BissakaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! RASHFORD LEVELS!!!! 1-1!! The Red Devils find the equaliser as the forward sees his effort deflected past Navas. Martial starts the move with a surge at goal, but his effort is saved by the PSG keeper. Wan-Bissaka gathers the rebound and slides a pass to Rashford. He fires a right-footed strike towards the target and it's helped past Navas by the legs of Danilo. A slice of luck for the hosts.,1
Referee Daniele Orsato displays tremendous leniency to not dismiss Fred. The Brazilian receives only a yellow card for his headbutt on Paredes. Tuchel is not happy with that decision.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! NEYMAR PUTS PSG AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The Brazilian reacts first in the box after Mbappe's strike is blocked and delivers a precise strike past De Gea from close range. Neymar combines with Mbappe in the final third to allow the Frenchman to shoot. His effort is diverted into the right inside channel. Neymar races to the loose ball first and drills an attempt on the half-volley into the back of the net.,1
Silva takes his frustration out on Llorente, and is booked for an ill-timed challenge on the Atleti full-back.,2
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Simeone makes his final change, as Lemar comes off and Herrera is on to help see out the game.,0
Asst: J. FélixATLETI LEAD! Snapping up their first opportunity in an age, Hermoso athletically turns the ball home with a volleyed finish at the second attempt, following a header by fellow substitute Felix. Against the odds, could the champions have snatched it? Atletico go 4-3 up!,1
Jakub JanktoGetafe · Defender #16After a productive game, Jankto is now replaced by Silva.,0
Óscar RodríguezGetafe · Midfielder #24Getafe make two further changes: first, Rodriguez makes way for on-loan midfielder Villar, who makes his debut.,0
Stefan MitrovićGetafe · Defender #23Getafe respond with an attacking substitution, as centre-back Mitrovic is replaced by Mata heading into the final minutes.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Having scored twice before the break, Correa makes way for full-back Vrsaljko.,0
Geoffrey KondogbiaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #4There will also be a switch of personnel in midfield, as Kondogbia takes a rest and De Paul is thrown on.,0
Matheus CunhaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19A triple change for Atleti! Cunha is the first man substituted; Felix comes on.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Reacting to Felipe's dismissal, Simeone hauls off Suarez and Hermoso is brought into the Atleti defence.,0
ATLETI DOWN TO 10 MEN! Charging into midfield from his centre-back position, Felipe lifts his boot recklessly in a challenge with Arambarri and connects with his opponent's shoulder. With no hesitation from the referee, he is sent straight off, and the champions are a man down with more than 30 minutes left to play!,3
Enes ÜnalGetafe · Striker #10Ending his hopes of a hat-trick, Unal makes way for Getafe debutant Yokuslu, who will bolster the visitors' midfield.,0
Asst: T. Lemar3-3! A stupendous half of football continues to surprise, as in the fourth of seven stoppage-time minutes, Lemar crosses from the left and though it evades Suarez in the six-yard box, Correa sprints in from the right to turn the ball home from close range! We are level once again!,1
or the second time today, Suarez strikes Cuenca's head with his arm. On this occasion it was the striker's elbow, which earns him a booking. At this rate, the referee's pen might run out of ink before half-time!,2
learly frustrated, Koke commits a crude foul on Mayoral and is shown a yellow card.,2
Penalty GoalGETAFE IN FRONT! Completing an incredible 12-minute comeback, Unal fires in a carbon copy of his superb spot-kick of just a few minutes ago, and Getafe are in front at the Metropolitano! What a first half!,1
Penalty GoalGETAFE PULL LEVEL! Striding confidently up to the spot, Unal places an excellent penalty kick past Oblak into the right side of the net, hauling the visitors back onto level terms. With half-time soon approaching, it is now 2-2!,1
Asst: J. JanktoGETAFE BACK IN IT! The visitors strike back almost straight away, as Mayoral reacts quickest to Jankto's mishit shot across the face of goal, leaving Oblak stranded and the ball in the back of the net! The Real Madrid striker cuts Atletico's lead to just one!,1
CUNHA GETS THE SECOND! Excellent work by Llorente on the right side of the area sees him produce a dangerous ball across the area, and via Lemar's attempt at diverting the ball, Cunha turns the ball home from close range. Atleti lead 2-0!,1
For a late challenge on Suarez, the latest Getafe player into the book is Arambarri.,2
After complaining vociferously about a potential foul in the build-up to Correa's goal, Maksimovic is booked.,2
ATLETI LEAD! Suarez keeps a deep cross from the right alive on the left side of the box, and his header finally falls to Correa, who fires home from close range to open the scoring! The hosts lead 1-0 - that's Correa's ninth goal of the season.,1
he visitors' skipper Dakonam goes into the referee's notebook, for a trip on Cunha.,2
he referee strides over to the touchline and shows Getafe substitute Lecomte a yellow card for dissent.,2
A driving run by Mayoral is ended by a trip from the struggling Savic, who receives the first yellow card of the match.,2
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Midfielder #11Trossard has been outstanding tonight. He receives a standing ovation before being withdrawn for Maupay.,0
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20March is withdrawn after a fine shift down the right flank. Lamptey replaces him for the final 14 minutes.,0
Juan MataMan United · Midfielder #8Mata is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Maguire.,0
Alexis Mac AllisterBrighton · Midfielder #10Mac Allister is withdrawn after a fine performance in the final third and is replaced by Webster.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TROSSARD MAKES IT FOUR!!!!! 4-0 BRIGHTON!!!! United are crumbling amid brilliance from the home side in the final third. Trossard guides the ball home on the line with his chest to send the Brighton fans into dreamland. Gross releases Welbeck with a precise throughball into the inside-right channel. Welbeck chips his effort over De Gea, and although Dalot clears off the line, Trossard is there to make sure it's over with his chest. A VAR check confirms the goal.,1
Asst: L. TrossardWHAT A FINISH BY GROSS!!!!! BRIGHTON 3-0!!!!!! Gross pours on the agony for United with a super finish with his left foot, displaying a clinical edge in front of goal. Cucurella latches on a precise kick out from the back from Sanchez and then offloads to Trossard. The Belgian threads the needle for Gross and he takes a good first touch away from Varane before clipping a strike away from De Gea into the bottom-right corner.,1
sst: L. TrossardGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CUCURELLA NOTCHES HIS FIRST BRIGHTON GOAL!!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!! The home side double their advantage as the Spaniard fires home from the inside-left channel into the roof of the net. Trossard collects a cross on the byline and spots Cucurella in space. The wing-back holds his composure and drills his effort past De Gea with power to send the Brighton fans into raptures.,1
Dalot slides in hard on Trossard in the middle of the park after losing out to Cucurella.,2
Nemanja MatićMan United · Midfielder #31Matic is withdrawn at the break for the visitors and is replaced by Cavani. The Serb was off the pace.,0
Anthony ElangaMan United · Midfielder #36Elanga struggled to get involved in the game in the first half. He is replaced at the break by Fred.,0
onaldo catches Dunk with a late challenge and goes into the book. He's furious with the decision from the referee.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!! CAICEDO FIRES BRIGHTON AHEAD WITH A CRISP STRIKE!!!! 1-0!!!!!! United fail to clear the danger from a cross into the box before Caicedo produces a fine effort to beat De Gea. A cross from the left flank from Cucurella causes problems in the penalty area before Gross lines up a strike. His effort is charged down by Lindelof, but Caicedo gathers 20 yards from goal and produces a precision shot that travels through a crowd before finding the bottom-left corner.,1
sst: G. BaldockTHE BLADES BAG A CONSOLATION! Rising highest at the back post, McBurnie leaps to plant a header past Neto, converting Baldock's looping cross from the right flank! That pulls one back for Sheffield United, but they are still destined for a 3-1 home defeat!,1
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16A warm round of applause greets ex-Sheffield United star Brooks, who trots on as Tavernier's replacement. There's to be no hat-trick for the latter, who has been a real livewire today.,0
Gustavo HamerSheffield United · Midfielder #8Hamer trudges off, with Fleck sent on to replace him.,0
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28Making his final changes, Heckingbottom introduces Osula for McAtee, who has failed to live up to his promise today.,0
ollowing a flare-up of tempers, several players incur the wrath of the referee. First, Baldock goes into the book.,2
Luke ThomasSheffield United · Midfielder #14The hosts make a change, too: Thomas makes way for Osborn.,0
Justin KluivertBournemouth · Midfielder #19Just back from injury, Billing is also introduced; Kluivert is withdrawn.,0
Antoine SemenyoBournemouth · Midfielder #24With the points surely secured, Bournemouth make a double substitution. First, the impressive Semenyo is replaced by Sinisterra.,0
For dissent to the referee following Bournemouth's third goal of the game, Thomas joins his captain Norwood on a yellow card.,2
Asst: A. SmithTHE CHERRIES LEAD 3-0! Tavernier steals in at the back post, meeting Smith's cross from the right and steering the ball coolly past Foderingham from close range; surely blunting the Blades for good! Bournemouth lead by three at Bramall Lane, where boos ring out loudly from some sections of the home crowd!,1
Vinícius SouzaSheffield United · Midfielder #21Heckingbottom has reacted to his team's two-goal deficit by making a double substitution at half-time. First, Vinicius is replaced by McBurnie.,0
Lloyd KellyBournemouth · Defender #5Bournemouth make a switch at left-back: Kerkez replaces Kelly.,0
Jayden BogleSheffield United · Midfielder #20Ahmedhodzic also comes on for the second half, with Bogle making way.,0
BOURNEMOUTH STRIKE AGAIN! Just before the break, Foderingham errs badly, standing on the ball just outside his area. Kluivert spots the chance to steal possession, then looks up and steers his first-time shot into the net from an angle! What a gift from the Sheffield United goalkeeper!! It's 2-0 to the Cherries now, and that's no less than they deserve!,1
After failing to win a throw-in on the right touchline, Norwood makes his dissent clear to the referee in no uncertain terms, and that earns him a booking.,2
Asst: A. SemenyoBOURNEMOUTH LEAD! The Cherries strike first at Bramall Lane! Semenyo shifts direction out on the right flank, then drives inside and delivers a low throughball for Tavernier. The latter takes a touch to open up the angle, then shoots past Foderingham from 10 yards and into the far corner: 1-0!,1
arseille look to break from deep chasing a last-gasp winner, but Harit is hauled down from behind by Bondar and the substitute is shown a late, late yellow card!,2
erhaps understandably, Eguinaldo's celebrating having taken off his shirt amidst a pile-on from his team-mates, and once back on his feet, the goalscorer is shown a yellow card.,2
sst: O. ZubkovGOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!!! Never say die from Shakhtar!!! Switching the play from right to left and back again, Zubkov whips a teasing ball into the area with numbers arriving. Eguinaldo is one of those, and the Brazilian times his jump to perfection, beating Lopez with a bullet header into the bottom corner and locking the scoreboard up at 2-2!!! We thought there'd be goals - but certainly not in this fashion!!,1
Artem BondarenkoShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #21Lassina Traore is on late too for Shakhtar, replacing Bondarenko as the hosts chase an unlikely equaliser!,0
Faris MoumbagnaMarseille · Striker #14Marseille make a pair of changes in their bid to run the injury time clock down, with Moumbagna replaced up front by Bamo Meite for the dying seconds of this match.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangMarseille · Striker #10Aubameyang's played a crucial part in both of Marseille's goals in the second half, and having just set up what looks to be the winner, he's replaced by on-loan Inter forward Joaquin Correa.,0
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! That might just win it for Marseille! Aubameyang is the architect, beating two Shakhtar players on his way into the box before cutting back from the byline. His cross takes a deflection on the way through, but sits up perfectly for Ndiaye and the substitute makes no mistake, smashing a first-time finish into the bottom-left corner and leaving Riznky with no chance!!! 2-1 to Marseille with injury time beckoning, and will that be enough to give the French side the advantage over two legs?,1
Ounahi is clipped very late indeed by Zubkov as he carries and passes the ball out of defence, with the Shakhtar wideman shown a textbook yellow card for the rash challenge.,2
Danylo SikanShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #14Sikan's not been able to produce much in the final third for Shakhtar - rare for a match on the continent this season - and the striker comes off now for Brazilian Kevin Macedo to see out the game.,0
Yukhym KonoplyaShakhtar Donetsk · Defender #26Booked right-back Konoplia is the next player off for Shakhtar, to be replaced in the back four by Giorgi Gocholeishvili.,0
Taras StepanenkoShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #6Yehor Nazaryna comes on in Shakhtar's first alteration, replacing captain Stepanenko at the base of their midfield.,0
Luis HenriqueMarseille · Striker #44Henrique comes off having come oh so close on more than one occasion for Marseille, as Iliman Ndiaye enters the fray to replace him out wide.,0
GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!! Shakhtar strike straight back! The hosts win a free-kick 35 yards from goal which is crossed into the box by Stepanenko. Lopez can't deal with the initial ball, nor Clauss from the follow-up, and it drops right in front of Matvyenko for the centre-back to smash into the back of the net!!! We've waited over an hour for the goals to come, and they are certainly here to stay as Shakhtar make it 1-1 just four minutes after going behind!,1
Asst: J. ClaussGOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! Advantage Marseille! Kondogbia drives forward and finds Clauss to his right, who takes the ball to the byline before cutting it back across the face. The cross finds no-one initially, but Aubameyang ghosts in behind Konoplia at the far post to lash it home from close range! 1-0 to the visitors, and that goal could prove crucial in deciding who heads through to the last 16!,1
Moumbagna takes Stepanenko out of the defensive equation with a glorious turn on halfway, but he's then dragged back by Konoplia and the Shakhtar full-back is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
hakhtar break and Zubkov looks to play Sikan into the box before being clattered late by Balerdi. Play continues but Sikan slips in the area, and after Lopez can't gather, Eguinaldo taps into an empty net before play is brought back for the free-kick! Balerdi is shown a yellow card, as Sudakov stands over the ball preparing to strike goalwards.,2
sst: C. MorrisGOOOOAAAAALLL!!! LUTON PULL ONE BACK!! 2-1! Could there be some late drama? Luton have a goal back in injury time and perhaps it's not quite over. It's route-one football as a ball from the back finds Morris. The striker cushions a header beautifully into the box and it's met by Andersen who flicks it on further into the net to set up an intriguing last few minutes.,1
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #10A late change for West Ham sees new signing Kudus come on for his debut. The Ghanaian replaces Paqueta.,0
sst: J. Ward-ProwseGOOOAAAALL!! WEST HAM DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! A vital second goal from West Ham as they go further ahead from a corner. It's a great delivery from Ward-Prowse and Zouma rises highest before thundering a header in off the post. Just five minutes left, and that could be that.,1
Tahith ChongLuton Town · Midfielder #14A final roll of the dice from Luton as Chong comes off for Woodrow.,0
A cynical challenge from Emerson on Chong brings the first yellow card of the game.,2
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Another change for West Ham as Antonio comes off with Ings replacing him up top.,0
Alfie DoughtyLuton Town · Defender #45The Luton player isn't able to continue, with Doughty making way for Ogbene.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22There's one change also for West Ham as Benrahma makes way for Fornals.,0
Ryan GilesLuton Town · Defender #26Finally, the impressive Giles comes off for Kabore with Doughty likely moving to left wing-back.,0
Ross BarkleyLuton Town · Midfielder #6A triple-change from Luton. First off is Barkley who is replaced by Mpanzu.,0
Asst: Lucas PaquetáGOOOAAAALLL!!! WEST HAM LEAD! 1-0! They've had the better of the ball and West Ham now have their lead through Bowen. It's Paqueta with a beautiful cross from the left and the Englishman ghosts in behind the Luton defence before powering a header home at the back post.,1
Florian NeuhausMönchengladbach · Midfielder #32Getting booked was Neuhaus' final contribution for Gladbach as he's taken off, with attacking midfielder Benes coming on in his place.,0
Neuhaus earns himself a yellow card now for a late challenge on Bayern substitute Musiala.,2
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Nagelsmann turns to his bench again, replacing Muller with an extra striker in Choupo-Moting as Bayern search for a winning goal.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7The second change is also out wide, with left-winger Gnabry going off for Musiala.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Nagelsmann makes his first changes of the match, with Coman replacing Sane on the right wing.,0
Hannes WolfMönchengladbach · Midfielder #11Hutter makes a third change now, with Wolf replaced by Bennetts as Gladbach try to chase a winner.,0
Patrick HerrmannMönchengladbach · Midfielder #7Surprisingly, the lively Herrmann also goes off, with Hofmann taking his place out wide.,0
Alassane PléaMönchengladbach · Striker #14Hutter makes a double-change now, with Plea replaced by Thuram up front in the first alteration.,0
Stindl earns the first yellow card of the game as he scythes Kimmich down from behind. That was a poor challenge.,2
sst: J. KimmichGOAL!!! LEWANDOWSKI FIRES BAYERN LEVEL!!! Kimmich's outswinging corner is met by Lewandowski, who evades his marker in the middle before firing a low volley past Sommer! It was hard and low, but the shot was very close to the Switzerland international and he will feel he could have done better there. It's 1-1!,1
Asst: L. StindlGOAL!!! PLEA PUTS GLADBACH AHEAD AGAINST THE DEFENDING CHAMPIONS!!! The hosts converge on the ball in midfield and win it before swiftly working it forward to Stindl. The Gladbach skipper slides to prod the ball beyond Upamecano and into the feet of the unmarked Plea, who fires a left-footed shot beyond Neuer and in! It's 1-0 to Gladbach!,1
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10Unal is on for his second Bournemouth appearance and he replaces Christie.,0
GOALLLL! RITCHIE SCORES OFF THE BENCH! 2-2! Newcastle are level again! Guimaraes has possession inside Bournemouth's half and he loops a cross into a dangerous area. Bournemouth cannot clear it away and the ball bounces around before Ritchie has the decisive touch, thumping it in from close range. That's his second goal in six outings against Bournemouth, his former side!,1
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Ritchie also comes on and replaces Almiron in the attack. He will be hoping to have an impact for Howe against his former side.,0
Lewis MileyNewcastle · Midfielder #67A proud moment for White, who is on for his Premier League debut to replace Miley. It shows their lack of squad depth this season, especially when behind.,0
char slips in possession around the halfway line and Scott makes the most of the loose ball before being dragged to the floor by the defender, who goes into the book.,2
Antoine SemenyoBournemouth · Midfielder #24Semenyo scored Bournemouth's second goal and is now being given a rest. Ouattara is on to replace him and will provide speed and trickery down the wing for the final stage of the contest.,0
Dan BurnNewcastle · Defender #33Burn has struggled at left-back and is replaced by Livramento, who will provide a lot more in the attack.,0
Justin KluivertBournemouth · Midfielder #19Bournemouth make their first substitution. Kluivert has looked lively but is now being replaced by Scott.,0
Asst: D. SolankeGOALLL! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! The Cherries take the lead for a second time. Solanke has been the one in front of goal for the away side, but he shows his creative skills to turn in possession around halfway and send a pass down the right to Semenyo. He then drives down the right side of the box and drills a low shot across the goal and into the bottom-left corner.,1
Harvey BarnesNewcastle · Striker #15First change for Newcastle. Murphy is back from injury and replaces Barnes on the wing.,0
Zabarnyi pulls Gordon to the floor and is shown a yellow card. Newcastle have all the momentum at the moment.,2
Penalty GoalGOALLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-1! What a penalty from Gordon. He takes responsibility from the penalty spot and drives his low effort into the bottom-right corner. Neto dives the right way but is beaten by the pace of the strike.,1
Senesi barges Guimaraes to the floor and is shown a yellow card.,2
OALLLL! SOLANKE SCORES! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Solanke won't score an easier goal in his entire career! Botman sends a pass back to Dubravka, who slips just in front of his goal. Solanke is there and he crashes in his shot from close range.,1
Christie steps on the back of Guimaraes' foot and goes into the book.,2
Asst: A. BrojaFULHAM FINALLY SCORE! Iwobi improvises to cut the Cottagers' deficit at long last: it's just 2-1 to Wolves now! With an outstretched leg, he prods the ball over Sa following Broja's flick! That's nothing but a consolation goal, though. Full-time is just moments away.,1
Timothy CastagneFulham · Defender #21Playing his final card, Marco Silva introduces Chelsea loanee Broja to boost Fulham's presence up top. Castagne makes way.,0
Nathan FraserWolves · Striker #63Warmly applauded by fans and team-mates alike, Fraser departs. Doherty comes on, so it remains a mystery who will lead the line up front.,0
Wasting no time in living up to his reputation, Joao Palhinha is given his 11th yellow card of the season. It was a typically reckless tackle on Sarabia.,2
Harry WilsonFulham · Midfielder #8Former Wolves favourite Traore is sent on, too. Wilson will make way.,0
Saša LukićFulham · Midfielder #28An irate Marco Silva responds to Fulham's latest setback with two more changes: first, Lukic is replaced in midfield by Joao Palhinha, back from a two-match ban.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Cutting a frustrated figure, Pereira also departs. Willian - who scored twice against Wolves earlier this season - comes on to replace him.,0
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #6Marco Silva has seen enough and makes a double substitution: first, Reed is replaced by club captain Cairney.,0
ueno is booked for felling Pereira in midfield. He hauled his opponent down as Fulham tried to counter at speed, so can have few complaints.,2
sst: T. GomesWOLVES LEAD! The home side go 1-0 up! Fulham fail to clear their lines following a free-kick, as Bassey's header falls to Toti on the right byline. Ait-Nouri arrives in the box, then turns home Toti's low cross! He finishes high into the centre of Leno's goal, and that's just reward for Wolves' bright start to this second half!,1
 late challenge on Lemina in midfield results in a yellow card for Reed.,2
Pedro NetoWolves · Midfielder #7Pedro Neto's muscular injury means he has to depart. Toti Gomes is sent on to replace him, as O'Neil makes his second enforced change of the first half.,0
It remains to be seen whether Nelson Semedo can continue, but he has been shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Jeanricner BellegardeWolves · Midfielder #27Doyle is finally cleared to enter the fray, as an early replacement for injury victim Bellegarde.,0
hat’s a booking for Icardi, who scythed down De Jong to stop the Dutchman driving into PSG’s half.,2
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6Another change for PSG, and it is Rafinha who is going to make an appearance against his former club. He has replaced Verratti.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Busquets has gone off, with Ilaix on.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #11Braithwaite is also on for Barca. Dembele has gone off, after missing some big opportunities.,0
Alessandro FlorenziPSG · Defender #24A glut of changes now. Florenzi has gone off for PSG, to be replaced by Dagba.,0
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Midfielder #2A change for Barca, and it is an attacking one. Dest has made way for Trincao.,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27The second switch sees Danilo replace Gueye, who of course had just been booked.,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Striker #23Two changes for PSG. First, Di Maria – who is just back from injury – replaces Draxler.,0
aredes has also gone into the book, it seems for dissent. That will keep the midfielder out of the first leg of the quarter-finals, should PSG progress.,2
A booking for Gueye, who barged into Griezmann in order to prevent a Barca counter-attack taking shape.,2
Layvin KurzawaPSG · Defender #20There has been a change for PSG at half-time. Diallo is on for Kurzawa, who had a rough time of it in the first half and conceded the penalty.,0
Barca are demanding a penalty after Navas clatters into Griezmann, but there is nothing doing for the referee. Indeed, De Jong receives a booking for his complaints.,2
Asst: PedriGOOOAAALLLL!!! WHAT A STRIKE FROM MESSI! Out of nowhere, Barca have the goal their performance has deserved. Not much looked on when Messi picked up possession 30 yards out, but with time and space, the mercurial number 10 thumped an incredible effort into the top-left corner. It had so much dip and power on it, that Navas had no chance. It’s 1-1, and 5-2 on aggregate.,1
Óscar MinguezaBarcelona · Defender #28An early change for Barca, and it seems Koeman has decided he cannot afford Mingueza – who has looked all at sea up against Mbappe – receiving a second booking. The centre-back has made way for full-back Firpo, with De Jong dropping into defence and Barca seemingly switching to a 3-4-3.,0
enalty GoalGOAL! MBAPPE MAKES NO MISTAKE! Despite all of Barca’s good work, it is 1-0 PSG, with their hero from the first leg slamming a wonderful finish into the top-left corner, sending Ter Stegen the wrong way.,1
That seems incredibly harsh, but Lenglet has received a booking and PSG now have the chance to extend their lead in the tie…,2
Verratti does brilliantly to wriggle away from a crowd of yellow shirts and drill through a pass for Mbappe to race onto. However, the forward is tugged back by Mingueza, who gets a booking.,2
That’s a reckless foul from Kurzawa, who left out a leg that felled Dembele, just under 30 yards from goal. It seems ideal territory for Messi.,2
Omenuke MfuluElche · Midfielder #6Mfulu is replaced in midfield by Luismi.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18The second change sees Alba make way for Dest.,0
Martin BraithwaiteBarcelona · Striker #9Barcelona respond to their third goal with a triple substitution: first, Braithwaite comes off for Griezmann.,0
Asst: M. BraithwaiteALBA! 3-0! Alba pokes in from close range to cap off a wonderful team move, after Messi's pinpoint cross is selflessly headed across goal by Braithwaite!,1
Pere MillaElche · Midfielder #10Milla also departs with Nino taking his place. ,0
Lucas BoyéElche · Striker #9Boye is replaced up top by Carrillo.,0
Asst: F. de JongMESSI GETS HIS SECOND! 2-0! De Jong makes a brilliant run through midfield, riding a number of challenges before selflessly squaring it to Messi, who shimmies into the six-yard box before dinking it over Badia and in!,1
Francisco TrincãoBarcelona · Striker #17Trincao is replaced by Busquets in a conservative change for the hosts.,0
Emiliano RigoniElche · Midfielder #22Rigoni is surprisingly replaced by Morente in attack, after a promising display from the winger.,0
Miguel Ángel Garrido CifuentesElche · Midfielder #23Elche make a double substitution: the first sees Cifu make way for Fidel.,0
Asst: M. BraithwaiteMESSI! 1-0! It's a brilliant goal for the hosts immediately after the break! Messi runs ominously at the Elche defence, before playing a slick one-two with Braithwaite and firing a one-one through Badia and in!,1
Miralem PjanićBarcelona · Midfielder #8An attacking change at the break for the hosts: the midfielder Pjanic is replaced by the winger, Dembele.,0
Patson DakaLeicester City · Striker #29Having just picked up a knock, Daka comes off and Perez is given merely seconds to help win the match.,0
Asst: N. MaupayBRIGHTON BACK IN IT!l Welbeck grabs an equaliser, slipping between Albrighton and Justin at the back post to meet Maupay's hanging cross with an authoritative header past the stranded Schmeichel. That's no more than Brighton deserve for their efforts since the break! 1-1 at the King Power Stadium!,1
Ademola LookmanLeicester City · Midfielder #37Again, Rodgers responds to a Brighton substitution with a switch of his own, as Lookman is replaced by Soumare.,0
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34The visitors' latest change sees Veltman make way for March.,0
Making an immediate impact with a surging run down the right, Albrighton is chopped down by Burn as he drifts infield and the Brighton defender is booked.,2
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Midfielder #7Leicester respond with a substitution of their own, as Barnes is replaced by veteran winger Albrighton.,0
Steven AlzateBrighton · Midfielder #17Alzate also makes way, with Welbeck brought on to add another dimension to the Brighton attack.,0
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Making their first change, Brighton bring off Gross and young wing-back Lamptey comes on for the final half-hour.,0
LEICESTER LEAD! Maddison and Lookman link up on the edge of the box and the ball falls into the path of Barnes 10 yards from goal. The Leicester winger sees his shot blocked low down by Sanchez, but Daka follows up to slam home the rebound from close range! What a start to the second half: Leicester 1-0 Brighton!,1
Asst: D. CeballosGOALLL!! 3-1 REAL MADRID!! VINICIUS!! Its game over that the Bernabeu as Vinicius makes it 3-1 to Real! He goes on a run from the halfway line and beats three players before nutmegging Reinildo to score. A well-deserved goal for the winger.,1
NachoReal Madrid · Defender #6Odriozola replaces Nacho in defence for the hosts.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo seems to have picked up an injury and comes off the pitch for Martin.,0
oke receives a yellow card from the bench after arguing with the referee.,2
sst: V. JúniorGOALLL!! 2-1 REAL MADRID!! BENZEMA!!! Real take the lead for the first time in this match thanks to Benzema! Asensio sends a low cross along the six-yard box toward Vinicius, who completely miskicks the ball. Luckily for him, it lands at the feet of Benzema, who makes no mistake.,1
RED CARD! Savic loses all composure and is shown a second yellow card as he takes Camavinga out with a sliding challenge.,3
Vinicius is shown a yellow card after causing a scuffle with Savic.,2
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Saul comes on for Koke, who had an impressive game today.,0
Asst: L. ModrićGOALL!!! 1-1 REAL MADRID!! RODRYGO!! Rodrygo equalises for Real with an unbelievable solo run! He dribbles past four players before poking the ball past Oblak, whose sight is blocked by his own defender, at the near post! Game on!,1
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Carrasco replaces Lemar on the left side of the pitch for Atletico.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Depay comes on for Correa to add more energy to the Atletico attack in the final 15 minutes.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Kroos makes way for Asensio as Real desperately search for a goal now.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Striker #15Rodrygo replaces Valverde on the right wing for Real.,0
Ceballos receives a yellow card after making an unnecessary challenge in the opposition half.,2
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Simeone makes a defensive change for Atletico as Witsel replaces goalscorer Morata.,0
Hermoso's name goes into the referee's book after he stops Vinicius on the counter-attack.,2
Reinildo is shown a yellow card after he mistimes his tackle on Militao.,2
e Paul receives the first booking of the game after pulling Ceballos to the ground.,2
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Ceballos replaces the injured Mendy for Real. Camavinga moves to left-back.,0
Asst: N. MolinaWHAT A GOAL!! 1-0 ATLETICO!! MORATA!! Morata gives Atletico the lead after a brilliant passing move! Correa passes to Koke, who picks out the overlapping run of Molina with a lofted pass. Molina sends a low cross along the six-yard box for Morata to tap home with ease.,1
İlkay GündoğanBarcelona · Midfielder #22Barca's latest substitution sees Gundogan withdrawn, and young midfielder Fermin Lopez will take the summer signing's place for the final throws of this contest.,0
Dani ParejoVillarreal · Midfielder #10Another late change is made by Quique Setien, with captain Parejo brought off for the added firepower of Chile striker Ben Brereton Diaz.,0
There's an almighty tussle between Sorloth and Garcia as the Villarreal striker advances over halfway with the ball, and the referee eventually blows for a free-kick before showing Garcia the yellow card.,2
abbia catches Fati late as the Barca winger releases a pass, and the Italian defender goes into the book for that challenge as we enter the final 10 minutes.,2
Álex BaenaVillarreal · Midfielder #16Another youngster who has been sensational so far comes off, with Baena withdrawn for Jose Luis Morales.,0
Lamine YamalBarcelona · Striker #27The 16-year-old Yamal comes off for Barca following a sensational performance, and he's replaced by a similarly tricky winger out wide in the form of Ansu Fati.,0
OOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Barca have done it again!!! Yamal picks up the ball on the right flank and cuts inside, searing into the box at pace. His eventual effort rattles the base of the near post, but rolls straight into the path of Lewandowski, who taps the loose ball into the empty net! Barca score twice in three minutes for the second time in this game, and complete a turnaround of their own to make it 4-3!,1
Gerard MorenoVillarreal · Striker #7Moreno's not had the success of his fellow forwards Sorloth and Baena, and comes off for another former Barcelona player in Ilias Akhomach.,0
Ramon TerratsVillarreal · Midfielder #20The booked Terrats is also brought off by Setien, and Santi Comesana will take his place in midfield for the Yellow Submarine.,0
Étienne CapoueVillarreal · Midfielder #6Villarreal finally make their first changes of the match, three of which come at once. Capoue has been excellent in linking defence and attack so far, but he comes off now to be replaced by ex-Barcelona midfielder Denis Suarez.,0
OOOOAAAALLL!!! How's about that for an impact substitute! Torres looks to find Gavi in the box, but a series of blocks and ricochets sends the ball back into his path. Cuenca gets in the way of his first effort, but the Barca forward is able to keep possession and side-foot the ball into the bottom corner! He's certainly done what he was sent on to do, and this crazy game takes another twist with the scoreline reading 3-3!,1
Oriol RomeuBarcelona · Midfielder #18His late intervention was crucial to securing a Barca victory over Cadiz last time out, and Ferran Torres is brought on with exactly that in mind as he replaces Romeu for the trailing visitors.,0
Terrats is all over Romeu as the midfielder tries to turn out of trouble, and after bringing him down on halfway, is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Asst: AlfonsoGOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! Villarreal complete the turnaround!!! Pedraza is the architect, collecting a wide pass from Jorgensen and setting sail into the opposition half. He bypasses Romeu and Roberto before feeding Baena ahead of him, and the 22-year-old curls a sumptuous first-time finish beyond Ter Stegen into the bottom corner! From 2-0 down, the hosts lead 3-2, and it's panic stations at the back for Barcelona!,1
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Barca make one half-time change, as Eric Garcia replaces Andreas Christensen at the heart of their defence.,0
ewandowski doesn't get off lightly either, also being shown a yellow card to join his team-mate Yamal in the book.,2
n off-the-ball tussle between Foyth and Lewandowski leads to some disagreement with the referee, and the equalising goalscorer is soon shown a yellow card for dissent.,2
Pedraza looks to set off on another marauding forward run but is tugged back by Yamal, who is penalised and shown the first yellow card we've seen in this game.,2
Asst: AlfonsoGOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! And we're all locked up at El Madrigal! Sorloth shows great close control to bring down a cross-field ball into the box. He links up with Moreno, who threads it forward to Pedraza, and Sorloth is on hand to tap in his left-back's low cross and equalise! From 2-0 down, Villarreal have fought back to 2-2, and it's anyone's guess where this game goes from here!,1
sst: Á. BaenaGOOOOAAAALLL!!! Villarreal pull one back! Baena's corner hangs high in the sky before being met by Foyth at the back post, who thumps a towering header into the top corner, leaving Ter Stegen with no chance! 2-1 at El Madrigal, and we've got a game on our hands here!,1
GOOOOAAAALL!!! The visitors double their lead in no time! It's a really well-worked goal, as Barca keep up the pressure following a blocked Yamal shot. De Jong, Gundogan and Lewandowski all combine and the latter's deflected back-heel to De Jong gives the Dutchman an easy finish into the bottom corner! Vintage Barcelona, and as quick as a flash they're now 2-0 up.,1
sst: L. YamalGOOOOAAAALLL!!! Barcelona take the lead!! After sustaining a wave of Villarreal attacks, the visitors win the game's first corner, although Gundogan's in-swinger is headed clear. Yamal recovers possession and crosses back into the crowded box, where Gavi pops up at the far post to nod the ball past Jorgensen and into the bottom corner! 1-0 Barca, and that's certainly come against the run of play so far!,1
CASEMIRO IS SENT OFF! No sooner do Madrid deal with the first Messi free-kick does Casemiro commit a second foul, barging Mingueza over on the edge of the area. The referee has no choice. He shows Casemiro a second yellow card and then a red. Casemiro has to go!,3
Casemiro's booked for that challenge on Messi. The midfielder will have to be careful now.,2
Barca are adamant they should have a penalty for a push on Braithwaite which is nonsense, really. Alba's booked for labouring the point.,2
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Pedri's game is also over. He doesn't look happy about it. Trincao is his replacement.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #11Koeman makes two more changes to Barca. Braithwaite is on for Dembele.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Last to go off for Madrid is one of their goalscorers Benzema who's worked hard here. Mariano takes his place up front.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Midfielder #20Vinicius is the next Madrid player to make way. Marcelo comes on to offer Madrid a more solid presence down their left with Mingueza now getting forward regularly.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Madrid, meanwhile, make three substitutions. First, Kroos off. Isco on.,0
Ronald AraújoBarcelona · Defender #4Barca make a change. The 18-year-old midfielder Moriba replaces Araujo.,0
acho's foul on Messi earns him a yellow card. Madrid are setting up their wall with the now customary man lying down behind it.,2
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Madrid make a change straight away. Valverde goes off. Asensio replaces him.,0
Asst: J. AlbaGOAL! REAL MADRID 2-1 BARCELONA! Mingueza pulls a goal back for Barca! Barca keep the ball in play down their left. Alba sends the cross in and Mingueza meets it unmarked to thump it in.,1
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Midfielder #2Koeman makes an attacking substitution at half-time. Dest, who Vinicius ran ragged in the first half, goes off. Griezmann comes on.,0
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Odriozola replaces the stricken Vazquez as Madrid's right-back. Hopefully Vazquez won't be out of action for too long.,0
OAL! REAL MADRID 2-0 BARCELONA! Madrid do score from the free-kick! It's a beauty too. Kroos steps up and fires it towards goal. It deflects off the back of Dest who is standing nowhere near his wall and into the net! Alba is unable to head it off the line.,1
raujo's booked for that challenge on Vinicius. It's slightly harsh as it looked accidental. Barca will be doubly unhappy if Madrid score from this.,2
Pedri's shown a yellow card for putting an illegal stop to Casemiro's run through the centre. ,2
sst: L. VázquezGOAL! REAL MADRID 1-0 BARCELONA! Madrid draw first blood! It's a simple goal too. Valverde goes on a scintillating run from deep and feeds Vazquez who crosses low from the right. Benzema backheels it in at the near post.,1
Davide FrattesiSassuolo · Midfielder #16Dionisi makes another switch, as Frattesi steps aside for Ceide.,0
Kristian ThorstvedtSassuolo · Midfielder #42Having shown some flashes of his potential on debut, Thorstvedt will be replaced by Harroui for the final 10 minutes.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Another young gun comes on for the Old Lady, as Locatelli makes way for Rovella in midfield.,0
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #8Apparently in a little discomfort, having missed several months and a lot of pre-season, McKennie comes off for Soule.,0
or a late challenge on Locatelli in midfield, a yellow card is shown to Henrique.,2
Ángel Di MaríaJuventus · Striker #22To rapturous applause, Di Maria's debut comes to its end, and Miretti is offered an opportunity to impress in the final half-hour.,0
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Having registered an assist for the opening goal, Sandro makes way for De Sciglio at left-back.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11Juve also withdraw Cuadrado, as Kostic comes on to make his Serie A debut.,0
Giorgos KyriakopoulosSassuolo · Striker #77Dionisi is at least attempting to get back into the match, rather than trying to keep the score down: Kyriakopoulos comes off for ex-Inter striker Pinamonti.,0
sst: A. Di MaríaDUSAN AT THE DOUBLE! Vlahovic pounces with a poacher's goal, after Sassuolo give the ball away deep inside their defensive third and Di Maria threads the ball through to his attacking colleague. The Serbian striker steers it home at the back post, on the stretch, and Juventus lead 3-0! Surely game over?,1
Grégoire DefrelSassuolo · Striker #92After an ineffective first half up front, Defrel makes way for Raspadori, who could well be making his final Sassuolo appearance today.,0
enalty GoalVLAHOVIC OFF THE MARK! It's 2-0 to Juve, as Vlahovic stays ice-cool in the heat to hammer the ball past Consigli for the second! The goalkeeper dives towards the corner as the big striker places his penalty straight down the middle!,1
For his foul on Vlahovic, which gives away a penalty, Sassuolo captain Ferrari is yellow-carded.,2
On his Serie A debut, Thorstvedt is booked for a coming-together with Bremer, which saw the latter struck by his opponent's arm.,2
Asst: A. SandroJUVE LEAD! Once again, Sandro makes progress down the left, and his cross finds Di Maria on the edge of the box. The Serie A debutant then volleys the ball down into the turf, which sends it looping over a helpless Consigli and into the top corner! What a way to break the deadlock! Juventus 1-0 Sassuolo!,1
ocatelli picks up Juve's first yellow card of the season, for a reckless sliding challenge on former Sassuolo team-mate Berardi.,2
Mert MüldürSassuolo · Defender #17After picking up an early injury, Muldur makes way for Toljan at right-back for Sassuolo, in a like-for-like swap.,0
Brennan JohnsonTottenham · Midfielder #22Johnson looks like he is hurt and is slowly walking off the pitch, with Lo Celso taking his place for the final few minutes.,0
Romero is the fourth player to go into the book for Spurs after a foul on Ward-Prowse. The hosts try to take it quickly, but the referee stops the play.,2
Timo WernerTottenham · Midfielder #16Tottenham are making two changes to try and get a second goal. Werner has been quiet in the second half and is being replaced by Richarlison. The Brazilian will go up front, with Son moving over to the left.,0
Yves BissoumaTottenham · Midfielder #8Hojbjerg also replaces Bissouma in a straight swap in the midfield.,0
Johnson goes into the book after tripping Kudus just inside West Ham's half.,2
James MaddisonTottenham · Midfielder #10Maddison grew into the second half but still struggled to create anything for Spurs in a central position. He is replaced by Kulusevski.,0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Bentancur is on his way off after having 92 touches, more than any other player. Sarr takes his place in the midfield.,0
Bentancur is the latest player to go into the book for a foul.,2
ntonio is shown a yellow card after stepping on Bentancur. He was stretching for the ball and is unlucky, but his tackle was worth a booking.,2
The first yellow card goes to Van de Ven after the defender pushes the ball away from Antonio to stop the play from getting back under way quickly. Its a soft booking, but that’s the rules.,2
sst: J. BowenGOALLLL! ZOUMA SCORES! 1-1! West Ham are level! The Hammers haven’t threatened much in the attack, but find an equaliser through a corner. Bowen's inswinging cross from the left is met by Zouma, who flicks a header across the goal and into the corner.,1
Asst: T. WernerGOALLLL! 1-0 SPURS! The visitors make the lead! Bentancur slots a pass down the left to Werner, who pushes the ball past his marker to get to the byline. He drives a low cross into Johnson, with the winger scoring from close range.,1
arquinhos is also booked for dissent, as the PSG was furious with the referee's decision to award Marseille a free-kick.,2
Danilo is booked for his challenge on Payet and perhaps his reaction to the decision, after complaining excessively to the referee.,2
NeymarPSG · Midfielder #10Late PSG change now, with Neymar slowly walking off the pitch and he has been replaced by Wijnaldum.,0
Cengiz ÜnderMarseille · Midfielder #17The other substitution sees Under make his way off the pitch and Gerson is his replacement.,0
Arkadiusz MilikMarseille · Striker #9Another double change by the hosts, with Milik replaced by Dieng.,0
Boubacar KamaraMarseille · Midfielder #4The other change sees Kamara head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Gueye.,0
Valentin RongierMarseille · Defender #21Marseille have made a double substitution, with Rongier one of those coming off and he has been replaced by De La Fuente.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11PSG have made another change, with Di Maria the man coming off and he has been replaced by Kehrer.,0
ED CARD! Hakimi is given his marching orders as he is shown a straight red card! PSG are down to 10-men. The right-back was the last man as he fouled Under and the referee has no option but to send him off.,3
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6PSG have been forced into making a change, with Verratti unable to continue and he has been replaced by Gueye.,0
The first yellow card of the game is down to Rongier, after he collides with Mendes and sends him to the ground.,2
Asst: R. FirminoGOAL!!! MANE CURLS IN A THIRD!! The winger cuts in from the left, beating Lazaro, and curls a pearler right into the top corner from just inside the box! It's a beautiful finish and Liverpool now lead 3-1! ,1
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Klopp takes the opportunity to make a second alteration, with Jones replacing Keita in midfield.,0
Neco WilliamsLiverpool · Defender #76Williams does have to go off now, with Alexander-Arnold replacing him at right-back.,0
Daniel RoseNewcastle · Defender #28Watts makes his Premier League debut as he replaces Rose in the back three.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Meanwhile, Almiron goes off for Hayden, who will provide more security and stability in midfield.,0
Dwight GayleNewcastle · Striker #12Gayle is replaced up front by former Liverpool striker Carroll in the first part of a double-change.,0
Takumi MinaminoLiverpool · Striker #18Minamino is replaced by Mane on the left wing in the second change of the three.,0
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Striker #15Finally, Oxlade-Chamberlain is replaced by Firmino, with the Brazilian going up front to complete Liverpool's regular front three.,0
Divock OrigiLiverpool · Striker #27Klopp makes a triple-change, replacing his entire front three. Origi comes off for Salah in the first alteration, with the Egyptian going out to his regular right-wing role.,0
Asst: A. RobertsonGOAL!!! WHAT A HIT BY ORIGI!! The Belgian cuts inside from the left, works a yard with a clever shift and bends a lovely effort into the bottom-right corner! That arrowed past a sprawling Dubravka, who could do nothing about it! It's 2-1 to Liverpool now!,1
Nabil BentalebNewcastle · Midfielder #42Bentaleb appears to have hurt himself going up for an aerial challenge and is replaced in midfield by Longstaff.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Striker #10Bruce makes a surprising substitution, bringing off the lively Saint-Maximin for Joelinton at half-time.,0
sst: A. Oxlade-ChamberlainGOAL!!! THE CHAMPIONS ARE LEVEL!! Oxlade-Chamberlain bursts down the right and lofts a cross towards the back post from the byline. Van Dijk rises highest to meet it and his looping header sails over a diving Dubravka and into the back of the net! It's 1-1 now!,1
Fernandez is then booked for kicking the ball away as it bounced out for a Liverpool throw-in. ,2
Asst: J. ShelveyGOAL!!! NEWCASTLE OPEN THE SCORING INSIDE 30 SECONDS!!! What a start! Shelvey takes a quick free-kick after Van Dijk fouled Saint-Maximin, lofting the ball over the top for Gayle, who races in behind, unmarked, and prods the ball past Alisson and into the bottom-right corner! It's 1-0 to Newcastle!,1
righton are adamant that they either should've had a free-kick for a foul on Gross earlier in the move, or a corner for his blocked cross. Neither is given, and Pedro is booked for dissent.,2
sst: J. MilnerPEDRO PULLS ANOTHER ONE BACK! Brighton's pressure finally pays off! It's a great delivery from Milner on the corner and he clips it into the near post, where Pedro rises highest. He flicks his header on, and Sanchez has no chance as it skims into the far side of his net. 3-2, but can Brighton get another one with eight minutes still to go?,1
anchez is starting to dawdle on the ball, and the referee has had enough as he books him for time-wasting.,2
Igor JulioBrighton · Defender #3Brighton's final roll of the dice sees 19-year-old Baker-Boaitey come on in place of Julio.,0
Mykhailo MudrykChelsea · Midfielder #10Mudryk went down, and after a quick bit of treatment, Pochettino decides not to take a risk. He's taken off, with Broja on in his place.,0
Nicolas JacksonChelsea · Striker #15Chelsea are making another change here. Jackson, who only managed one shot in this game, and he's replaced by Maatsen.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #7Pochettino is making his first change of the game now that the two-goal cushion is restored. Sterling is taken off, with Palmer on for him.,0
enalty GoalFERNANDEZ SCORES AGAIN! After a long wait for a Premier League goal, the Argentinian now has two in one game! He had the ball in his hands before the penalty was awarded and coolly steps up now. He takes a long run-up before stroking it down the right side of the goal, leaving Steele no chance as he dives the wrong way. 3-1 Chelsea!,1
ilner is also shown a yellow card for his challenge on Mudryk that led to the penalty.,2
Gross is protesting Milner's innocence for him, and the Brighton captain talks his way into a booking.,2
ernandez isn't happy when a Brighton player isn't booked for a challenge on Caicedo. He picks up his own yellow card for dissent.,2
ulio catches Mudryk with a late foul as he tries to stop him from breaking, and he goes into the book.,2
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana is also taken off, with Pedro on for him.,0
Jack HinshelwoodBrighton · Defender #41Hinshelwood, on the other hand, has struggled at times up against Sterling, and he's replaced by Milner.,0
Carlos Noom Quomah BalebaBrighton · Midfielder #20And Gross gets the captain's armband as he's brought on for Baleba.,0
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40De Zerbi is making a quadruple change as his side continue to search for an equaliser. Buonanotte has had a good game, and he goes off for Mitoma.,0
aicedo steps across Ferguson to stop his run and immediately protests against the free-kick. His reaction gets him a booking for dissent.,2
Hinshelwood has been struggling to cope with Sterling's threat down the right, and he just nudges the winger off the ball this time, picking up a yellow card.,2
GALLAGHER IS OFF! After such a strong start to the game, things are going downhill for Chelsea! Gilmour was racing away through the middle and Gallagher made up a lot of ground to get to him. The ball is already out of his reach, and he clumsily brings down the Scotsman. It earns him his second yellow card, and for the second game in a row, Chelsea are down to 10 men!,3
Asst: A. LallanaBUONANOTTE PULLS ONE BACK! And what a way to do it! Adingra stretches to keep the ball for Brighton, and Lallana just as quickly helps it onto Buonanotte. He checks back, wrongfooting Colwill, before curling a delightful strike out of Sanchez's reach and into the far side of the net. 2-1!,1
Gallagher is late getting across to Buonanotte and crashes into the youngster with a clumsy challenge. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2
Asst: N. JacksonCOLWILL SCORES! It's another corner that has Brighton scrambling, and again, it's swung deep to the far post. Jackson peels away from Julio to nod it back into the mix and Colwill rises highest to thump a header on goal. It originally looks like Gilmour manages to clear it off the line, but the referee's watch buzzes, and the Brighton midfielder didn't do it in time. 2-0 Chelsea!,1
sst: B. BadiashileFERNANDEZ SCORES! Brighton are caught out from a corner, which is swung deep into Badiashile at the far post by Gallagher. He has Hinshelwood tight to him as well as his back to goal, but he improvises, volleying it over his shoulder. Fernandez is unmarked at the far post, and he nods in from close range. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
Rodrygo, just like Carvajal did for his first yellow card, talks himself into the referee's book.,2
David SilvaReal Sociedad · Midfielder #21Silva's night is over and he was met by a huge round of applause from the home fans, with Illarramendi on for the final few minutes.,0
sst: D. SilvaGAME SET AND MATCH! REAL SOCIEDAD 2-0 REAL MADRID - Barrenetxea seals the points for the hosts as he slots the ball home at the near post to beat Courtois. He had loads to do when he collected Silva's looping throughball, but due to Real Madrid's numerical disadvantage, they struggled to get players across the box to block him. Two of Ancelotti's stars eventually made their way across the penalty area, but Barrenetxea still found the space he needed to trouble Courtois before blasting his shot into the bottom corner.,1
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11That block was Asensio's last involvement, as he makes way for Arribas.,0
A clumsy challenge from Ceballos on the edge of his own box gifts Sociedad a free-kick in a dangerous position...,2
Alexander SørlothReal Sociedad · Striker #19Striker Sorloth also makes way after his tireless performance, and Fernandez is the one that takes his place in the final third.,0
Takefusa KuboReal Sociedad · Midfielder #14Goalscorer Kubo is given a standing ovation from the home fans as he is replaced by Barrenetxea.,0
Igor ZubeldiaReal Sociedad · Defender #5Pacheco will also get the chance to impress for La Real, with Zubeldia the one to make way.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Ancelotti freshens up his midfield, with Lucas Vazquez replacing Kroos.,0
Andoni GorosabelReal Sociedad · Defender #18Gorosabel's game is now over, with Elustondo on for the final 27 minutes.,0
ED CARD! Carvajal is shown a second yellow and then a red card after a dangerous tackle on Sociedad left-back Munoz. Ever since he was carded for dissent, Carvajal struggled to keep a lid on his emotions, and he has taken one risk too many. He overstretched and lunged into a challenge on Munoz, and he will now watch the rest of the match from the dressing room.,3
Mariano DíazReal Madrid · Striker #24Diaz has done himself no favours if he wants to start again under Ancelotti, and he is now replaced by Rodriguez.,0
arvajal receives a yellow card for dissent, which means he will miss his team's next match. He was pulled back by Oyarzabal, which the referee spotted, but the official was not happy to see Carvajal ask for a card to be shown.,2
GOAAALLLL - REAL SOCIEDAD 1-0 REAL MADRID - A moment to forget for Militao, as his shocking pass gifts the home side their first goal. Sorloth forced the defender to turn and pass back towards Courtois, but he put far too much power on his cutback. Courtois was, therefore, a sitting duck as he watched Kubo slide in at the far post to score. Huge goal for La Real.,1
Gorosabel is the first player to be booked after a strong challenge in midfield while Real Madrid were mounting an attack.,2
Clark is also shown a yellow card for his challenge on Werner, which has handed Chelsea a penalty.,2
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Another Chelsea substitution now, with Mount coming off and he has been replaced by Kovacic, who is also passed the armband.,0
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Double change by Chelsea, with the goalscorer Abraham replaced by Giroud.,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Ziyech is also heading off and he has been replaced by Havertz.,0
Kal NaismithLuton Town · Defender #24Another substitution now by Luton, with Naismith coming off and he has been replaced by Moncur.,0
sst: C. Hudson-OdoiGOAL! Abraham has his hat-trick and he makes it 3-1! Superb play by Chelsea, with Hudson-Odoi brilliant down the left wing, he then plays a quick one-two with Gilmour and then squares it across to Abraham, who had a tap-in from just a couple of yards out.,1
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #10Here is the first Chelsea substitution of the game, with Pulisic the man coming off and he has been replaced by Hudson-Odoi.,0
Ryan TunnicliffeLuton Town · Midfielder #4Tunnicliffe is also heading off and he has been replaced by Berry.,0
James BreeLuton Town · Defender #26Another Luton change sees Bree come off the pitch and he has been replaced by LuaLua.,0
Harry CornickLuton Town · Striker #7Luton have made a triple substitution, with Cornick the first man to come off and he has been replaced by Collins.,0
Glen ReaLuton Town · Defender #16Luton have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Rea the man coming off and he has been replaced by Potts.,0
Asst: J. BreeGOAL! Luton have pulled one back, it's 2-1! The visitors play it really well in the final third, with Bree getting on the ball deep down the right wing and he drills a cross into the box for Clark, who volleys it towards goal and Kepa gets a hand to it, but can't stop it from going in. The keeper should be doing better there.,1
sst: R. JamesGOAL! Another by Abraham, he puts Chelsea 2-0 up! They worked the ball really well in the final third, with James then dinking a lovely cross into the penalty area, which Abraham meets and places it into the back of the net.,1
OAL! Abraham fires Chelsea ahead, it’s 1-0! It comes from a quick throw-in which catches Luton out at the back and Werner sprints forward, gets to the byline and then pulls it back to Abraham, who drills it into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1
Cengiz ÜnderMarseille · Midfielder #17Another change in the final third sees Payet step into midfield at Under's expense.,0
Alexis SánchezMarseille · Striker #70Three changes coming for Marseille, with Sanchez replaced by Vitinha.,0
Ruslan MalinovskyiMarseille · Midfielder #18Malinovskyi's night is also over, and on comes January signing Ounahi.,0
Nuno MendesPSG · Midfielder #25Bernat has 14 minutes to impress, as he replaces Nuno Mendes.,0
Eric BaillyMarseille · Defender #3Tudor makes a sub, with Clauss on in place of Bailly.,0
Nordi MukielePSG · Midfielder #26Galtier turns to his bench for the second time as Mukiele makes way for Zaire-Emery.,0
sst: L. MessiGOAAALLLL - MARSEILLE 0-3 PSG. They've done it again, as Messi tees up Mbappe. The pair are simply a pleasure to watch, and between them, they have carved open the home defence. Messi collected possession around 30 yards from goal, but rather than rest on his laurels, Mbappe sprinted forward to give the Argentinean an option. With a flick of his left boot, Messi picked out the former Monaco man, who watched the ball come over his shoulder before volleying his effort into the far corner. Out of this world!!!!,1
Asst: K. MbappeGOAAALLL - MARSEILLE 0-2 PSG - The favour is repaid, and this time it is Mbappe setting up Messi. Mbappe and Nuno Mendes worked a one-two down the wing before Mbappe's cutback bamboozled the home defence. His nutmegged pass glided across the penalty area and into Messi, who just tapped in from a few yards out. Absolutely incredible from Mbappe, and this game is running away from Marseille.,1
sst: L. MessiGOAAALLLLL - MARSEILLE 0-1 PSG - The visitors take the lead through Mbappe, and the Frenchman's blistering pace got him into a prime position to score. Galtier's side were clinical on that occasion, with Messi gliding through midfield before Mbappe made a darting run across the back four. He left the Marseille defence in his wake before slotting the throughball into the bottom corner.,1
Presnel KimpembePSG · Defender #3Kimpembe is carried off the field, with Danilo Pereira now on in his place.,0
Abde EzzalzouliBarcelona · Striker #33Ezzalzouli has been superb in this game, and the youngster comes off to rapturous applause as Alejandro Balde comes on.,0
oco isn't happy with the officials, as he thought that Gaviria was offside before setting up Gonzalez. His dissent is aptly punished by the referee, and his yellow card means he'll miss his side's next match.,2
Asst: GaviGOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! That might just win it for Barca! Some silky play on the edge of the box puts Gaviria through on the left side. He cuts it back for Gonzalez, and the substitute takes a touch before firing the shot into the top corner, to make it 3-2 to the hosts!,1
Johan MojicaElche · Defender #22Mojica can't carry on, and so Josema comes on in his place.,0
Elche look to break through Perez, but he's brought down from behind by Garcia as he knocks the ball past him. We reckon that won't be the last yellow card of the evening, judging by the nature of this game at the moment.,2
umbau takes out Dembele with no intention whatsoever of getting the ball, and is rightfully booked by the referee. There's been some fairly aggressive challenges flying in, and the ref really does need to keep control of this game to avoid it spilling over.,2
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21De Jong's been very good for Barca, and on comes Riqui Puig to replace him for the last 15 minutes of this game.,0
Ferran JutglàBarcelona · Striker #29Opening goalscorer Jutgla is withdrawn by Xavi, and on comes Nicolas Gonzalez for Barca.,0
Milla drags back Araujo by the shirt and impedes his movement, and the referee brandishes the game's first yellow card.,2
Asst: T. MorenteGGGGGOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! There's the equaliser!!!! It's an astonishing goal as Elche come forward again, and a cross to the far post is met by Milla, whose diving header with his first touch bounces in off the left post and makes it 2-2!!! What on earth has just happened?,1
Asst: L. BoyéGOOOAAAALLLLL!!! What a strike!!! Elche break after Barca pile everyone forward, and it comes to the substitute Morente on the right side of the box. He passes Lenglet, and smashes it past Ter Stegen to make it 2-1! Game on!,1
Fidel ChavesElche · Midfielder #16Elche captain Fidel is the next to come off, in place of Pere Milla.,0
Omar MascarellElche · Midfielder #21Mascarell is also replaced, by midfielder Raul Guti.,0
José Antonio Ferrández PomaresElche · Midfielder #17The first of two half-time subs for Elche sees Tete Morente come on for Josan.,0
Iván MarconeElche · Midfielder #23Marcone is also withdrawn at the halfway mark, replaced by Gerard Gumbau.,0
Asst: C. LengletGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! Barca make it two!!!! Gaviria slaloms through Elche's midfield, and sidesteps their defence, before knocking an effort from the edge of the box past Badia's outstretched glove and into the bottom left-hand corner! What a night this is becoming for the next generation of Barca stars!,1
Asst: O. DembéléGOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!! There's the opener!!! Ezzalzouli wins a corner and in it comes from Dembele. It's a good cross, and it's Jutgla who rises highest to head the ball into the far corner on his first La Liga start! What a finish, and what a moment for the youngster who makes it 1-0 to Barca!,1
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Guardiola does his best to see out this result with a defensive change. Foden is given a breather with Akanji coming on to bolster the defence.,0
Tom LockyerLuton Town · Defender #4Luton make another change as we enter the last 60 seconds of regulation time. Clark comes on with Lockyer the player to make way.,0
Ryan GilesLuton Town · Midfielder #26There is also activity on the Luton bench. It is an attacking change with Chong introduced in favour of Giles.,0
Mateo KovačićMan City · Midfielder #8City make another change with Kovacic given a breather by Guardiola. Nunes replaces him for the final seven minutes.,0
Doughty drags back Kovacic to halt a lovely passing move by City. The Luton wing-back is booked for his troubles.,2
Rodri is the first City player into the book after he trips Mengi, who was threatening to advance on a strong run for Luton.,2
Marvelous NakambaLuton Town · Midfielder #13Nakamba, who is on a yellow card, is also withdrawn by Edwards. Lokonga goes on in his place.,0
Andros TownsendLuton Town · Striker #30Luton turn to the bench and make a couple of changes. The first sees Townsend make way to be replaced by Morris.,0
Joško GvardiolMan City · Defender #24City make their first change of the game. Gvardiol makes way to be replaced by Stones.,0
Asst: J. ÁlvarezGREALISH!!! 2-1 CITY! The reigning champions have turned things around! Alvarez intercepts possession and darts into space to receive Foden's throughball. The Argentina forward then whips it across the area towards the far post, where an unmarked Grealish tucks past Kaminski.,1
SILVA!!! 1-1! City are level! Rodri embarks on a strong run into the Luton area. He is stopped in his tracks by Lockyer, but the ball falls kindly for Silva, who whips a bending first-time effort beyond Kaminski and into the far corner.,1
Nakamba receives the first yellow card of the game after a foul on Silva. He will now have to tread carefully.,2
Asst: A. TownsendADEBAYO!!! 1-0 LUTON! Kenilworth Road goes wild as the hosts break the deadlock just before half-time. Luton launch a late counter with Doughty leading the charge down the right. He feeds Townsend, who whips a dangerous ball to the far post, where Adebayo rises to nod home.,1
sst: İ. GündoğanGOOOAAALLLLL!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! VAR HAS GIVEN IT!! Gundogan picks up the ball in space on the edge of the penalty area and finds the run of Araujo, who burst into the box from defence. His header flies through the legs of Remiro and into the back of the net! The assistant referee originally flagged for offside, but VAR has intervened! It’s a goal!,1
avi is given a yellow after the referee had initially played advantage, and the Barcelona midfielder will now miss their next match.,2
ubimendi goes into the book for a late foul deep inside the La Real half.,2
Mikel OyarzabalReal Sociedad · Striker #10Fernandez comes on in place of Oyarzabal, who just couldn't get his side the goal they needed. La Real have brought on another striker in the hope of finding a winner late on.,0
Ander BarrenetxeaReal Sociedad · Striker #7Barrenetxea's game is over after causing plenty of problems for the Barcelona defence. However, La Real are yet to break the deadlock, and they will be hoping Cho is the answer, with the young forward coming off the bench.,0
ubeldia is awarded a yellow after he was adjudged to have handled the ball, halting a Barcelona attack.,2
João CanceloBarcelona · Midfielder #2Cancelo makes way as Raphinha is the man Xavi is hoping will come on and change the game. It's certainly an attacking alteration from the Barcelona manager.,0
João FélixBarcelona · Striker #14Felix's game is over as young Yamal is given an opportunity to impress in the second half. The Barcelona man can make himself a hero if he grabs the winner today.,0
Hamari TraoréReal Sociedad · Defender #18La Real make their first change of the game as Elustondo enters the fray. Traore is the player to make way, and he's not happy, throwing his shinpads in frustration as he leaves the pitch.,0
artinez is the latest player to go into the book for a poor challenge near the corner flag.,2
Robert LewandowskiBarcelona · Striker #9It didn't take long in the second half for Pedri to be introduced. The Spanish youngster enters the fray with Lewandowski heading off the pitch. The Polish striker will be disappointed not to have added to his five goals this season.,0
Fermín LópezBarcelona · Midfielder #32Xavi makes an attacking change as his side look to push for the opening goal. Fermin is the one to make way after a quiet game, with Torres coming on in his place.,0
Mendez is involved in an off-the-ball altercation, and the referee gives him a yellow card.,2
Felix wasn't happy with a challenge from Mendez, and the referee takes his name for reacting in an aggressive manner.,2
Onana goes into the book for reacting to a challenge by Haaland, shoving the forward in the back.,2
aaland pulls back Onana to prevent him clearing the ball upfield quickly and is booked.,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu is withdrawn after a quiet game and is replaced by Mkhitaryan,,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Defender #36D'Ambrosio enters the action to replace Darmian at the back.,0
Lukaku brings down Gundogan with a poor challenge and goes into the book.,2
John StonesMan City · Midfielder #5Walker enters the action to replace Stones at the back for City.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Bellanova replaces Dumfries on the right flank.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Gosens enters the action for Baston for Inter at the back.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RODRI BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!!!! 1-0 CITY!!!!! Rodri gets the breakthrough for City to put Guardiola's men ahead. Akanji starts the move by releasing Silva in the inside-right channel and he cuts the ball back into the middle. It takes a deflection off Darmian, which prompts a penalty appeal. However, Rodri pounces on the loose ball and curls his effort past two men on the line into the back of the net.,1
Barella brings down Foden on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Dzeko goes down and Inter immediately make the change as Lukaku replaces the forward.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Heartbreak for De Bruyne as he is forced off early in a second Champions League final. Foden replaces the Belgian.,0
Asst: A. SaelemaekersHERNANDEZ GETS ONE BACK! 2-1! Saelemaekers finds a pocket of space to scamper into just ahead of the penalty area, before laying a pass off to his left for Hernandez. The Milan captain latches onto the pass and hits a rocket into the roof of the net to halve the deficit!,1
Nicolás GonzálezFiorentina · Striker #22Sottil gets a chance to stretch his legs in injury time, coming on for Gonzalez.,0
Sofyan AmrabatFiorentina · Midfielder #34Barak is sent on to see out the remainder of the match, with Amrabat given a rest.,0
sst: DodôIT’S TWO FOR THE VIOLA! 2-0! Dodo has the time and space on the right wing to pick his head up and find Jovic at the far post, with the Serbia international diving to put a close-range header past Maignan!,1
Charles De KetelaereMilan · Midfielder #90Adli is given a chance to impress with De Ketelaere making way.,0
Giacomo BonaventuraFiorentina · Midfielder #5Bonaventura's match against his former side comes to an end without a goal, as Castrovilli is instructed to take his spot.,0
Arthur CabralFiorentina · Striker #9Fiorentina make a change at striker with Jovic replacing Cabral.,0
Kalulu and Gonzalez battle for the loose ball, with the Fiorentina forward going down five yards from the Milan penalty area. The referee blows his whistle and awards the hosts a free-kick, before showing the Milan centre-back a yellow card.,2
Cristiano BiraghiFiorentina · Defender #3A change at left-back for Fiorentina sees Ranieri come on for Biraghi.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Messias is withdrawn, to be replaced by Saelemaekers.,0
Gonzalez is the fifth player in the match to be shown a yellow card. His late, sliding tackle on Kalulu was right under the nose of the referee, who has no choice but to book the forward.,2
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Bennacer's first game back from injury sees him last 66 minutes, with Bakayoko on in his stead.,0
Ante RebićMilan · Midfielder #12Origi is also sent on, with Rebic recalled to the bench.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Ibrahimovic comes on for the final 24 minutes, with Giroud making way.,0
Ikone brings Rebic down right on the left corner of the penalty area. It's a free-kick for Milan in a good position to test Terracciano, while the Fiorentina player is shown a yellow card.,2
Penalty GoalNO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT! 1-0 FIORENTINA! Gonzalez steps up and calmly dispatches his penalty, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way in the process!,1
Messias is the latest player to be booked, shown a yellow card for a late slide that catches Biraghi on the foot.,2
abral is shown the second yellow card of the match, for a sliding challenge on Kalulu.,2
Thiaw gives the ball away on the edge of his own 18-yard box and sticks out a leg to catch Cabral, giving away a free-kick in the process. It’s also a yellow card for the defender, who was inches away from conceding a penalty.,2
Ademola LookmanFulham · Midfielder #19Fulham make that final change now - and it is goalscorer Lookman who makes way for Bobby Decordova-Reid. The former has delivered the most crucial of interactions today for his side.,0
McGoldrick picks up a booking for a scruffy foul now, as United look to carve out an attacking chance once again. That's frustrating for the Blades, as the seconds keep on ticking down.,2
Josh MajaFulham · Striker #27With less than five minutes on the clock, Fulham make their second change of the game now, bringing on Mario Lemina for Maja. Scott Parker is looking on with an unruffled air of collected satisfaction, but he must be feeling nervy inside. This would be a huge three points.,0
Phil JagielkaSheffield United · Defender #15Now, as the game restarts, Phil Jagielka exits, stage left, for Sheffield United, who add additional grunt in the form of Jayden Bogle. Can the Blades set up a blazing finale?,0
aldock gets booked for a challenge on Lookman that sees the Fulham man caught as the filling in a Sheffield United sandwich. He's a bit unlucky to see yellow there, to be honest, but his leg was high as he came together with the Cottagers man.,2
Ivan CavaleiroFulham · Midfielder #17Frustration for United now as they carve a promising attack out and then, in a fairly rare showing today, are caught by the offside flag. Fulham now make their first change of the game, replacing Cavaleiro with Kenny Tete. It's time to shut up shop for the hosts.,0
John LundstramSheffield United · Midfielder #7Sheffield United make their second change and, in a sign they very much intend to try and find that goal to level things up, throw on David McGoldrick to slot in up front, replacing Lundstram.,0
GOAL! ADEMOLA LOOKMAN HANDS FULHAM THE LEAD! 1-0! It has been coming almost since the opening minute of this game and the Cottagers finally have their advantage. It's a long ball, one that the midfielder just tracks onside to take down the left, before he cuts back in, turns Ampadu around and manages to squeak a finish in at the near post past Ramsdale. Finally, the hosts are in front.,1
Chris BashamSheffield United · Midfielder #6It looks like we're set for our first change here, and sadly it is an injury-enforced one. It is not Oli McBurnie however, but Chris Basham who has pulled up for Sheffield United. Oliver Norwood is his replacement.,0
A late booking in this half now as Anguissa comes in on McBurnie deep inside the United half. It's unneeded and possibly a bit harsh, but the Blades striker is still hobbling a bit.,2
arely on the pitch, Olise picks up a yellow as he barges Podence to cut the latter's run down. There's going to be a dangerous free-kick for Wolves here.,2
GOAL! CONNOR GALLAGHER SURELY WINS IT FOR CRYSTAL PALACE! 2-0! Oh, this is an unfortunate one for Jose Sa. The Palace man dinks his way to the edge of the box and fires for the left side - but a wicked deflection off a defender sends it the other way and in at the right post!,1
Asst: J. McArthurGOAL! WILFRIED ZAHA DOES GET THE OPENER FOR CRYSTAL PALACE! 1-0! There's nothing wrong with that one at all, nothing at all indeed! The linesman's call is wrong - the forward was onside! His finish, from a pick-up off McArthur's ball, is sublime stuff, as is the little tuck beyond Sa. The Eagles have their lead.,1
uehi comes clattering in with a heavy slide challenge on Semedo and is promptly booked. No complaints there.,2
Edouard makes a darting run through the middle and Moutinho is deemed to have had a nibble at his heels. He'll pick up the first yellow card of the game, though Wolves are fuming at the call.,2
Following a dispute between both sides, as Camara lies prone on the turf, Barella is booked for dissent towards the referee. That's the seventh yellow card since half-time!,2
or clipping Belotti just outside the Inter box, Gosens is shown a yellow card.,2
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Frantically gesticulating on the touchline, Inzaghi makes his final roll of the dice: Dimarco makes way for teenage debutant Carboni.,0
Having been on the end of a harsh handball decision, Correa's dissent to the referee sees him join a long list of names in the referee's notebook.,2
Nicolò ZanioloRoma · Midfielder #22Adding fresh legs up front, Roma replace Zaniolo with Belotti for the final few minutes.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Going for broke, Inter make another double change: Bastoni's off and Gosens comes on to add pace on the left flank.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Striker #7Afflicted by cramp, Pellegrini is withdrawn by Mourinho, as Camara comes on as his replacement in midfield.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2A change on the right sees Dumfries make way for Bellanova.,0
Kristjan AsllaniInter · Midfielder #14Inzaghi immediately responds to going behind: Asllani is replaced by ex-Roma midfielder Mkhitaryan.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu also makes way for Inter; Correa comes on to add more threat up front.,0
sst: L. Pellegrini'SMAL-DINI' STRIKES! Meeting a long, whipped free-kick towards the back post from Pellegrini, Smalling climbs highest to plant a powerful header into the back of the net! He finds the bottom corner, and Roma lead 2-1!,1
Arriving late into a challenge with Cristante in midfield, Asllani is booked by the referee, who has been kept busy during a more fractious second half.,2
he latest in a series of bookings sees Smalling shown yellow, as he becomes the second Roma defender penalised for fouling Martinez.,2
A clever flick by Dzeko plays in Martinez, but as he hares towards the Roma area, Mancini clips the Inter striker and is shown a yellow card.,2
Paulo DybalaRoma · Midfielder #21Withdrawn due to picking up an apparently minor muscular injury, Dybala is replaced by Abraham in the Roma attack.,0
An awkward aerial challenge with Skriniar sees Zaniolo booked; receiving the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: L. SpinazzolaROMA PULL LEVEL! Just moments after his double miss, Dybala strikes! The mercurial maestro drifts to the back post, where Dimarco has left an acre of space, and turns home Spinazzola's swinging cross with a volley that squirms past Handanovic at the near post! A brilliant finish, but like Inter's opening goal, perhaps the goalkeeper could've done better. It's 1-1 at San Siro!,1
Asst: N. BarellaINTER LEAD! Slipping off the shoulder of Celik at the back post, Dimarco arrives in the box to slot a low shot past the poorly positioned Patricio and into the bottom corner! The wing-back received a well-weighted throughball from Barella and showed great composure to put his side 1-0 up!,1
Diallo catches Jesus with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL SAKA EQUALISES!!!! 3-3!!!! Arsenal are level through Saka and have plenty of time to force a winner! Nelson collects in the box and lines up a strike. Bazunu makes the save, but Saka is first to the rebound and fires the ball over the line. Arsenal surely can't record another memorable comeback here.,1
sst: B. WhiteGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! ODEGAARD GIVES ARSENAL HOPE!!!!! 3-2!!!!! The Gunners give themselves a chance of salvaging a result as Odegaard bends a strike past Bazunu. White tees up his skipper on the edge of the box and he drops his shoulder before curling his left-footed strike away from the Saints keeper into the bottom-left corner. Game on.,1
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Diallo enters the action to replace Lavia in the middle of the park.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Nelson replaces Martinelli, who got the goal back in the first half, but has not been on his mettle in the second.,0
Adam ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #9Onuachu replaces Armstrong for the visitors to lead the line.,0
Theo WalcottSouthampton · Striker #32Walcott is withdrawn by Selles for the final 13 minutes. He is replaced by Sulemana.,0
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35Nketiah enters the game for the home side in need of a miracle. Zinchenko is the man to make way.,0
sst: A. Bella-KotchapGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CALETA-CAR SCORES A THIRD!!!!! 3-1 SOUTHAMPTON!!!!!! Another incredible twist in the game as Caleta-Car scores at the back post. Ward-Prowse angles a corner into the box from the right flank where Bella-Kotchap wins the first header. The ball travels to the back post where Caleta-Car heads the ball home unmarked past Ramsdale. Stunning scenes at the Emirates.,1
Fábio VieiraArsenal · Midfielder #21Vieira has had a tough game and is now withdrawn for Trossard.,0
Carlos AlcarazSouthampton · Striker #26Alcaraz had an incredible first half, but has been withdrawn by Selles for an extra defender in Lyanco. A very surprising move by the Southampton manager.,0
Zinchenko slides in hard on Elyounoussi and goes into the book.,2
alker-Peters pulls back Martinelli on the turn and goes into the book. Arsenal have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Jan BednarekSouthampton · Defender #35Bednarek makes way and is replaced by Caleta-Car.,0
Saka turns past Perraud down the right flank and he draws a foul from the full-back, who goes into the book.,2
Alcaraz brings down Saka on a potential counter, dragging him down by the shirt. He goes into the book.,2
Asst: B. SakaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MARTINELLI RESPONDS FOR ARSENAL!!!!! 2-1!!!! The Gunners are back in business as Martinelli sweeps home Saka's cross. Saka breaks down the right flank and manages to dig out a cross into the middle for Martinelli. The Brazilian takes on the strike first-time and beats Bazunu with his effort.,1
Asst: C. AlcarazGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WALCOTT MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 SOUTHAMPTON!!!! Incredible scenes at the Emirates as the Saints double their advantage as the former Gunner Walcott comes back to haunt Arsenal. Odegaard loses possession and it allows Alcaraz to release Walcott in behind Gabriel. He shoots first time and places his effort past Ramsdale into the bottom-left corner.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WHAT A START FOR SOUTHAMPTON!!! ALCARAZ SCORES!!!! 1-0!!!! Ramsdale commits a huge error at the back to present Alcaraz and Southampton a goal after 30 seconds. Ramsdale tries to thread the needle between Alcaraz and Walcott, but he plays the ball straight to the forward. Alcaraz takes a touch and then hammers his strike past the Arsenal keeper into the top-left corner.,1
Vazquez goes into the book as he brings down Gavi with a poor tackle.,2
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Nico enters the action to replace Pedri in the middle of the park for Barca.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Alba makes way for the visitors down the left flank and is replaced by Dani Alves.,0
Camavinga brings down Busquets with a lunge, upending the Barca captain. The Madrid midfielder goes into the book.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Dembele leaves the field with two assists to his name. The Frenchman was excellent today and is now withdrawn for Traore.,0
Alba brings down Vinicius on the slide and goes into the book.,2
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21De Jong has also enjoyed a fine evening and is replaced by Gavi in the Barcelona midfield.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangBarcelona · Striker #25Aubameyang leaves the field after a fine performance in the final third with two goals and an assist. He may have been fortunate to remain on the pitch for a challenge on Kroos, but the referee did not take action. The forward is replaced by Depay.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Midfielder #21Rodrygo is withdrawn from the final third and is replaced by Asensio.,0
NachoReal Madrid · Defender #6Nacho makes way from the Madrid backline for Vazquez. Ancelotti is looking for fresh legs on the field.,0
Modric catches Dembele with a late lunge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: F. TorresGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! VAR OVERTURNS THE DECISION, AUBAMEYANG IS AWARDED THE GOAL!!!!! 4-0 BARCELONA!!!!!!! Incredible scenes at the Bernabeu as the referee overturns the offside decision against Aubameyang to allow the goal to stand. Pique releases Torres down the left flank, who remains in line with Nacho as the ball is played. The Spaniard then releases Aubameyang with a precise offload, who then clips a brilliant strike over the onrushing Courtois into the back of the net. Madrid are not happy as they believe the whistle prevented them from getting back at the Barcelona forward, but the goal stands.,1
Asst: P. AubameyangGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TORRES SCORES THIS TIME!!!!!!!! 3-0 BARCELONA!!!!!!!!! The Catalan club continue to pour on the agony for Los Blancos as finally Torres converts an opening. Aubameyang releases his team-mate with a neat flick to open room for the Spaniard to fire at goal from the inside-left channel. Torres buries his strike into the top-right corner giving Courtois no chance.,1
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Kroos is withdrawn at the break for the home side and is replaced by Camavinga.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Mariano replaces Carvajal at the break for the home side to improve their options in the final third.,0
sst: O. DembéléGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ARAUJO DOUBLES BARCELONA'S LEAD!!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!! The Catalan club extend their lead in El Clascio as Araujo rises to power a header into the net from a Dembele corner. Barca win a corner down the right flank through fine work from Dembele, and the Frenchman takes the set-piece. He curls his cross to the six-yard box where Araujo rises unmarked and sends his header into the bottom-right corner.,1
usquets pulls back Militao on the charge out from the back for Madrid and goes into the book.,2
Asst: O. DembéléGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! AUBAMEYANG HEADS BARCA IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The forward is on the spot in the Madrid box to direct Dembele's cross past Courtois. Dembele surges down the right flank and supplies a perfect delivery into the middle. Aubameyang makes a run to the near post and stoops to plant a header past Courtois into the bottom-left corner. A fine finish.,1
De Jong is a fraction late on Kroos and goes into the book for his challenge.,2
roos battles Busquets for possession and catches the midfielder on the ankle. He goes into the book for his challenge and is not happy with the decision. Considering that Aubameyang was not booked for his tackle on the German, Kroos certainly has a case.,2
Slightly staining a fine performance at the base of Leeds' midfield, Phillips is booked for an aggressive foul on Son.,2
James was chasing through the centre of the pitch on the break, so Emerson accepts a yellow card for making a tactical foul.,2
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27A tremendous display by Lucas comes to a premature end, as the Brazilian winger is replaced by Alli.,0
Joe GelhardtLeeds United · Striker #30Following an industrious shift up front, Gelhardt is brought off to be replaced by his fellow teenager McKinstry, in search of an equaliser.,0
Sergio ReguilónTottenham · Midfielder #3After scoring his first club goal on his 50th appearance, Reguilon is now replaced by the rarely seen Sessegnon for the final 10 minutes.,0
Adam ForshawLeeds United · Midfielder #4Leeds make another substitution, as Forshaw comes off and Roberts is thrown on.,0
OTTENHAM TAKE THE LEAD! Reguilon reacts quickest to net his first Spurs goal, after Dier strikes the post with a heavily deflected free-kick. The wing-back was sharpest in the box, as Meslier was left stranded. Tottenham 2-1 Leeds!,1
Japhet TangangaTottenham · Defender #25Just before the free-kick is taken, Tanganga is replaced by Sanchez.,0
or tripping a charging Lucas on the edge of the area, Cooper is booked, indicating the stress that the Leeds defence is under at the moment.,2
 clear clip on Kane by Forshaw can only earn the Leeds midfielder a deserved yellow card.,2
Mateusz KlichLeeds United · Midfielder #43Bielsa makes the game's first change, as Klich is replaced by Firpo for Leeds.,0
sst: LucasSPURS LEVEL! Persistence by Lucas punishes a Leeds lapse in concentration, and Hojbjerg bundles the ball in with a close-range strike, which he didn't hit cleanly - but he won't care! Neither do the Spurs fans, as their side are back in the game at 1-1!,1
Asst: J. HarrisonLEEDS GO IN FRONT! Meeting a Harrison cross at the far post, James pokes the ball in from close range, totally unchallenged. That was some superb wing play by Harrison, who showed great persistence and skill, and his opposite winger finished it all off! Tottenham 0-1 Leeds, just before the break! ,1
For a reckless challenge on Dier in a central area, Gelhardt is the first player into the referee's notebook, being yellow-carded.,2
Lodi rushes up into the left-hand channel to tackle Guardiola from behind. The left-back stands on the substitute's heels, leaving the referee with no choice but to book Lodi.,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Another defensive-minded change sees Simeone send on Herrera in midfield for forward Correa, who equalised for the hosts with his poked finish in the second half.,0
Felipe comes in late from behind on Guardiola and joins team-mate Felix in the book. A needless tackle from the centre-back would have offered Valladolid a free-kick, if the referee hadn't chosen to play advantage and give the hosts a corner instead.,2
Saidy JankoValladolid · Defender #18Gonzalez goes attacking as he throws on Hervias for right-back Janko.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Simeone opts for more defensive protection in midfield as he sends on the energetic Kondogbia for Llorente.,0
or his reaction to San Emeterio, Felix also goes in the book and he represents the first Atletico name in there this game.,2
San Emeterio gets in an altercation with Felix and becomes the fourth Valladolid player to be booked.,2
Michel stands on the back of Felix's heels and becomes the third name in the referee's book.,2
Suarez escapes the attentions of El Yamiq once more and the centre-back drags him down near the halfway line. For his cynical foul, El Yamiq joins De Sousa in the referee's book.,2
OOOOOOALLL! 2-1 ATLETICO! A wayward pass in midfield by Guardiola sets Suarez free over the halfway line. The forward makes no mistake as he speeds into the area before sliding a left-footed finish past the incoming Masip and into the bottom left corner. El Yamiq and Olivas raced back to catch Suarez but they just couldn't stop him from escaping their grasps to give the visitors the lead.,1
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Simeone's first change of the game sees him introduce Lodi for Hermoso on the left-hand side.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8The second part of Simeone's substitutions sees Felix replace Saul.,0
Marcos AndréValladolid · Striker #16De Sousa, who set-up Valladolid's opening goal, is Gonzalez's first change as he comes off for Guardiola.,0
Toni VillaValladolid · Midfielder #19As part of Gonzalez's triple change, Villa is the third man to come off and Jota takes his place.,0
Roque MesaValladolid · Midfielder #17At the same time as Guardiola's introduction, Gonzalez also brings off Mesa and sends on Michel.,0
Asst: Y. Ferreira CarrascoGOOOOOOOALL! ATLETICO LEVEL TO MAKE IT 1-1! The visitors have possession on the left-hand side and Carrasco plays inwards to Correa. The Argentine dances around two or three tackles before poking a right-footed effort from the edge of the area through the legs of El Yamiq. Masip, perhaps unsighted by his centre-backs, scrambles across but he can’t stop Correa from finding the bottom right corner and equalising for Atletico!,1
De Sousa insists Trippier has used his elbow in an aerial duel but the referee ignores him. The forward protests too much and ends up becoming the first yellow card of the game for dissent.,2
Asst: M. AndréGOOOOOOALLLL! 1-0 VALLADOLID! The home side break from Atletico’s corner and hit their opponents on the counter-attack to open the scoring. A smart touch inside by San Emeterio finds De Sousa who releases Plano over the halfway line. Plano drives forward, going one-on-one with Oblak before placing a low, right-footed effort into the bottom right corner past the incoming goalkeeper.,1
Jefferson LermaCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Lerma heads off in Palace's latest change, and young prospect David Ozoh will make a late appearance from the bench in the Colombian's place.,0
JoelintonNewcastle · Midfielder #7Joelinton's industrious performance has gone under the radar for Newcastle, as Elliot Anderson replaces the Brazilian for the final 10 minutes of this game.,0
Will HughesCrystal Palace · Midfielder #19Palace also make a solitary change, as Matheus Franca comes into midfield in place of Hughes for the visitors.,0
Callum WilsonNewcastle · Striker #9Having scored his first and Newcastle's fourth of the game, Wilson also heads off to be replaced up front by Alexander Isak.,0
Anthony GordonNewcastle · Striker #10Gordon has been another of Newcastle's best in this game, and he's replaced now by Miguel out wide.,0
Bruno GuimarãesNewcastle · Midfielder #39Guimaraes also heads off, and the under-fire Sandro Tonali, in the headlines for off-field betting incidents, enters the fray in place of the Brazilian.,0
Kieran TrippierNewcastle · Defender #2Four goals to the good, Newcastle now make their four first changes of the game. Tino Livramento is introduced at right-back, taking the place of the consistently brilliant Trippier.,0
sst: J. MurphyGOOOOAAAALLL!!! It's four!!!! After a good save from Doucoure, Pope launches the ball forward at speed and Trippier releases Murphy into space. With Palace stretched at the back, the winger fires a cross-field pass into Wilson, who stands up the goalkeeper before slotting superbly into the bottom corner! The Magpies soar from one end to the other, and at 4-0 up have put the result beyond any remaining doubt here.,1
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Palace's first substitution of the contest sees the booked Mateta withdrawn, and Jesurun Rak-Sakyi enters the fray in a change which will likely see Edouard move into the central striking position.,0
 heavy touch from Mitchell sees Trippier get to the ball a fraction ahead of the Palace man, who can't stop in time as he clatters the right-back! Both get back to their feet following their latest of several meetings, and the Eagles left-back is shown a yellow card.,2
The challenge itself was an unnecessary one from Edouard, who is also shown a late booking.,2
 late challenge from Edouard on Trippier isn't received at all well by the Newcastle right-back, and after a slight escalation involving several players, Trippier is shown a yellow card for his reaction.,2
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! And they've got another!!! The Geordies are in dreamland as Guehi fails to deal with a long ball from the back. He slips over on the edge of his own box, allowing Longstaff to steal in behind him and thump a low shot into the bottom corner! Palace are wilting as the Magpies soar, and it's 3-0 in this one-sided first half!,1
Asst: J. MurphyGOOOOAAAALL!!! Newcastle double their lead!! Schar comes forward once more and finds Wilson, who has dropped deep into midfield. He turns to open up space for Murphy down the right, and his cross into the area is inch-perfect for an arriving Gordon to fire home at the far post! A beautifully-worked goal for the Magpies, who lead 2-0 in the shadow of half-time!,1
Palace look to take a quick throw-in with Longstaff out of position, but the midfielder prevents Mitchell from doing so and is shown a textbook yellow card by the referee.,2
A late Mateta challenge leaves Guimaraes down receiving treatment, and the Palace striker is shown the game's first yellow card as a result.,2
Asst: K. TrippierGOOOAAAALL!!! It's given!!! The VAR replays show that Trippier was not stood beyond the last man, and as such, that ambitious attempt from Murphy makes it 1-0 at St. James'! Palace were totally caught out at the back by Newcastle's right-side pairing, and with less than five minutes gone the Magpies are in front!,1
he United captain Maguire earns himself a booking for stepping across Pulisic. Chelsea will have a free-kick from the right.,2
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Striker #11Man United make a change of their own. Martial is on for Greenwood.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18Here's that Chelsea change. Giroud is the player who makes way for Pulisic.,0
Chilwell's booked for bringing down Greenwood. Man United are in the ascendancy.,2
Fred's booked for a crunching tackle on Mount. Fred protests his innocence but the referee isn't interested.,2
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Midfielder #20Chelsea make a change at half-time as Hudson-Odoi is taken off early again. James replaces him at right wing-back. Tuchel gives James a motivational slap on the cheek before he comes on.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7Mayoral replaces Pellegrini for the home side.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Midfielder #10Chiellini replaces Dybala for the closing stages of the game to shore up the Juve defence after De Ligt's dismissal.,0
e Ligt does handle the ball in the box and the referee dismisses the defender for two bookable offences.,3
Jordan VeretoutRoma · Midfielder #17Perez replaces Veretout for the home side for the closing stages of the game.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! DE SCIGLIO BLASTS HOME A STRIKE!!!!!!! 4-3 JUVENTUS !!!!!!!! AN INCREDIBLE JUVE COMEBACK!!!!!! Smalling makes an error at the back as he attempts to clear a ball over the top from Dybala. He nods his attempted clearance into the path of De Sciglio, who bursts past the Roma defender. The full-back takes on the strike first-time and hammers an effort on the half-volley into the bottom-left corner.,1
ristante goes into the book for a challenge on Dybala, catching the forward with a stray arm. ,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KULUSEVSKI'S EFFORT IS AWARDED BY VAR!!!!!! 3-3!!!!!!! Juve have come back to level the scores for the second time in the contest as Kulusevski finds the net with a deflected strike. Morata causes havoc in the box as he sees his shot blocked after latching on to a cross from Cuadrado. Kulusevski pounces on the rebound and blasts a strike into the back of the net courtesy of a deflection from Ibanez.,1
Felix Afena-GyanRoma · Midfielder #64Shomurodov replaces Afena-Gyan in the final third for the home side.,0
Asst: A. MorataGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! LOCATELLI GIVES JUVE A LIFELINE!!!!!!! 3-2!!!!!!! The visitors are back in the game as Locatelli guides a pinpoint header past Patricio. Morata does extremely well down the right flank and clips a cross into the box. Locatelli drifts between Ibanez and Smalling before placing his effort into the top-left corner away from the Roma keeper. Game on.,1
Locatelli brings down Mkhitaryan from behind with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Bentancur makes way for the Bianconeri and is replaced by Arthur in the middle of the park.,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Kean is withdrawn after a poor performance in the final third and is replaced by Morata.,0
HAT A GOAL!!!!!!! PELLEGRINI SCORES A STUNNER FROM A FREE-KICK!!!! 3-1 ROMA!!!!!! The home side extend their advantage courtesy of a special effort from 25 yards from Pellegrini. He curls his right-footed strike over the wall and away from the outstretched hand of Szczesny into the top-left corner. A super finish from the midfielder.,1
e Ligt races back with Afena-Gyan on the counter. He almost wins the ball with a challenge, but he handles the ball on the deck in the process of his tackle and gives away a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
banez catches Dybala with a late challenge and hands Juve a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Veretout brings down Locatelli on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: L. PellegriniGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MKHITARYAN'S DEFLECTED STRIKE LOOPS INTO THE NET!!!!!!! 2-1 ROMA!!!!!! The home side regain the lead through an element of fortune as Mkhitaryan's strike deflects off De Sciglio and into the top-left corner. Pellegrini plays the Armenia international into space on the edge of the box and he is afforded space and time to shoot. His right-footed effort hits the legs of De Sciglio and travels away from Szczesny into the net. A huge moment in the game.,1
Cuadrado slides in hard on Afena-Gyan and goes into the book. Roma have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22Kulusevski replaces the injured Chiesa on the left flank for the Bianconeri.,0
Asst: F. ChiesaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DYBALA EQUALISES WITH A FINE STRIKE!!!!!! 1-1!!!!! Juve are back in the game through an exquisite strike from Dybala. Cheisa runs down the left flank and spots the Argentina international in acres of room on the edge of the box. He picks out the Juve skipper before Dybala curls a sublime effort from 20 yards away from Patricio into the bottom-left corner.,1
sst: J. VeretoutGOALLLLLLL!!!!! ABRAHAM HEADS ROMA IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!! The forward rises in the box to nod a close-range header past Szczesny. Veretout puts his corner delivery from the left on the money. Abraham finds space in the six-yard box and directs his header away from the Juve keeper into the bottom-right corner. A fine effort.,1
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Having scored the goal to surely put this game out of the visitors' reach, Coman makes way for Tel.,0
Asst: J. KimmichGOAL!!! BAYERN MAKE IT 2-0!!! It is another incredible assist from Kimmich, as his lofted throughball finds Coman in the box. The winger brings the ball down before sliding his low effort through the legs of Christensen and into the back of the net to double his team's lead!,1
sst: J. KimmichGOAL!!! Finally, the Hertha resistance is broken!!! Kimmich receives the ball in space and picks out a delightful lofted ball for Gnabry in the box. The forward has to stoop a little for his header, but he does brilliantly to nod into the far corner as Bayern go 1-0 up!,1
Maximilian MittelstädtHertha · Midfielder #17Mittelstadt, who was struggling with cramp moments ago, makes way for Maza.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Tuchel decides to make another couple of changes, the first of which is introducing Gravenberch for Musiala.,0
Sadio ManéBayern · Striker #17The other is to bring on Muller for Mane.,0
Jessic NgankamHertha · Midfielder #24Ngankam has had just 10 touches, the lowest of the 22 starting players out there, and he makes way for Ejuke.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Goretzka makes way for Sane at the break. Can the winger provide the spark Bayern need in this second half?,0
ukebakio strides forward as Hertha try to attack, but he is fouled by Goretzka before he can get a shot away at goal. The Bayern midfielder receives the first yellow card of the contest.,2
Saul now goes into the book after stepping on the foot of Pedri. The ball had already gone and it was a late tackle.,2
RaphinhaBarcelona · Midfielder #22Raphinha has an assist to his name, but should also have a goal after failing to convert a chance from close range. He is replaced by Fati for the final few minutes.,0
rbic is not even on the pitch but is still shown a yellow card for dissent. He is the eighth Atletico player to be shown a yellow card.,2
Gavi is shown a yellow card after jumping into Morata around the halfway line. He was desperate to win the ball as he would have been away on the counter. Atletico had committed men forward for a free-kick.,2
Griezmann switches the ball out to the left with Reguilon getting forward. The left-back then plays a short pass forward to Carrasco, who moves into the box before having a shot blocked by Araujo. The ball goes up into the air with Mortata giving away a free-kick for a high boot on Garcia. He is also shown a yellow card.,2
eguilon looks to force Raphinha back but goes straight into the winger and gives away a free-kick. He is also shown a yellow card.,2
Barrios goes into the book after pulling back Balde. The Barcelona left-back was making a run off the ball.,2
oth of Atletico's centre-backs have now been shown yellow cards. Gimenez crashes into the back of Pedri's leg and goes into the book.,2
This game has been full of yellow cards. This time Savic is punished for a foul on Lewandowski.,2
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Simeone has decided to add an extra element of pace to his flanks. Reguilon replaces Hermoso at left-back.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21De Jong has been all over the pitch and is now being given a deserved rest. Kessie is on in his place.,0
Raphinha is shown a yellow card after a late slide tackle on Carrasco.,2
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Atletico make their third change of the game. Lemar is replaced by Saul.,0
Marcos AlonsoBarcelona · Defender #17Xavi makes a straight swap at centre-back. Alonso comes off with Garcia now on.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Midfielder #11Torres broke the deadlock earlier in the game but is now coming off. Pedri takes his place on the wing.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Atletico make their first change of the game. Correa has been quiet compared to his strike partner Griezmann and is replaced by Barrios.,0
Axel WitselAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #20Morata has scored 10 goals this season and is now coming on to try and find a goal for Atletico. He replaces Witsel.,0
usquets is the second Barcelona player to be shown a yellow card after dragging Lemar who was trying to break away with the ball.,2
Asst: RaphinhaGOALLLL! TORRES SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! The home side have the lead just before the break. Raphinha bursts down the right flank to get onto a long pass forward, holding onto the ball under pressure from Hermoso. He plays a pass into the middle of the pitch with Torres getting forward, passing his effort into the bottom corner past Oblak.,1
Alonso receives the first yellow card of the game. The defender sends a pass down the left flank that is intercepted by Molina. The Argentine pushes the ball past him before being taken down with a late slide tackle.,2
rasanac gets a booking after the final whistle for throwing the ball in anger.,2
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Mingueza is on in place of Alba.,0
uig makes it 4-0!!! He initially shoots from the edge of the box, but his shot is saved by Herrera. However, Herrera pushes the ball straight back into the danger area where Puig races onto it. He takes it round the keeper and takes his time, calmly cutting onto his right foot before firing into the back of the net.,1
Lucas TorróOsasuna · Midfielder #24Arrasate brings off Torro for Unai Garcia at half-time.,0
Rubén García SantosOsasuna · Midfielder #14Ruben Garcia comes off for Roberto Torres at the break.,0
Asst: O. DembéléAubameyang adds another!!! Another brilliant ball from Dembele causes havoc in the Osasuna box, and the former Arsenal man gets a toe to it to poke past Herrera and make it 3-0.,1
Asst: O. DembéléTorres make it 2-0!!! A lovely through ball from Dembele finds Torres in the box, and he takes one touch before sliding the ball through Herrera's legs to double his side's lead.,1
avid Garcia now goes into the referee's book for a foul in midfield.,2
Penalty GoalFerran Torres makes no mistake!!! The former Manchester City man steps up and coolly sends the keeper the wrong way, as he strokes it into the bottom right corner to make it 1-0.,1
idal receives a booking for dragging down Gavi for the penalty incident.,2
Asst: D. SolankeOUATTARA SCORES! Bournemouth have the lead again in the 95th minute! It's played long over the top and Romero misjudges the flight of it so Solanke nods it down behind him. He helps it onto Ouattara on the left of the box, and he has the composure to take it around Hojbjerg and curl it out of Lloris' reach and into the far bottom corner. 3-2 Bournemouth!,1
DANJUMA EQUALISES! Perisic's throw-in loops into the box and Richarlison gets in front of Mepham at the near post to help it onto him. It falls for Danjuma just inside the area and it takes a slight nick off Stephens that helps it into the near bottom corner. VAR had a quick check to see if Kane, in an offside position, was blocking Neto, but it stands. 2-2!,1
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16And Tavernier, who went down after pulling up with what looked like a muscle problem, is replaced by Ouattara.,0
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Double change for Bournemouth now as Senesi makes his return from injury in place of Billing.,0
Oliver SkippTottenham · Midfielder #4Final roll of the dice for Spurs here, and it's an attacking one as Richarlison replaces Skipp.,0
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10Bournemouth are making their second change of the game. Christie is taken off, with Anthony on for him.,0
Davinson SánchezTottenham · Defender #6Sanchez was getting booed following Bournemouth's second goal, and after being brought on in the first half, he's now taken off to avoid that. The Spurs fans cheer that decision as Danjuma replaces him.,0
Perisic is getting nowhere near the ball and slides in late as Smith tries to burst past him. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2
OLANKE SCORES! Bournemouth get a bit lucky as Porro's attempted clearance ends up looping straight to Solanke. He touches it through to Tavernier, who twists and turns past Sanchez to get into the box before returning it to Solanke. Just like Vina in the first half, he dinks the ball over the line and into the far bottom corner. 2-1 Bournemouth!,1
Matías ViñaBournemouth · Midfielder #18Vina went down holding his back after Spurs' latest attack, and he can't carry on, even after treatment. He goes straight off, with Smith replacing him.,0
tephens thought he was fouled by Kane, but nothing was given by the referee. He then tugs the striker back by the shoulder and is booked for it.,2
Christie jinks past Hojbjerg before going down under pressure from Romero. It's slightly clumsy from the defender, but the referee doesn't see anything in it and books Christie for simulation.,2
Asst: D. SolankeVINA EQUALISES! Porro is in no hurry to get the ball away and he's crowded off it, with Vina getting the vital touch. Billing picks out Solanke, who touches it straight back to Vina, and he dinks it over Lloris, who rushed off his line, and into the far bottom corner. 1-1!,1
Clément LengletTottenham · Defender #34Lenglet is down near the halfway line and it looks like he hurt his ankle as he tried to close down Billing. After getting treatment, he goes straight off to be replaced by Sanchez.,0
sst: I. PerišićSON SCORES! Spurs patiently play out from the back and Lenglet lifts it over the top to pick our Perisic's run off the back of Tavernier. He pulls it back into the middle to pick out Son's run, and his first-time shot deflects off Stephens to wrongfoot Neto and help it into the corner. 1-0 Spurs!,1
sst: G. BaleGOAL! 3-0 MADRID! Oh dear, Herrerin! What were you doing there? The Athletic keeper rushes out of his area far too soon to stop Bale running through on goal. He intercepts the ball but Bale reclaims it and lays it off to Benzema who delicately curls a shot into the open net.,1
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #20Madrid make their final chance. Diaz will play the final few minutes for them. Asensio gets a well-earned rest.,0
avas is booked for taking too long over a goal-kick. Understandably Madrid want to see this game out now.,2
sst: L. ModrićGOAL! 2-0 MADRID! Looks like those subs won't matter after all. A fantastic ball over the top forces Berchiche to concede a corner for Madrid. From Modric's corner Herrerin misjudges the catch, leaving Benzema to head into an empty net at the far post.,1
Raúl GarcíaAthletic Club · Midfielder #22Athletic decide to chase the game. First Garcia is replaced by Aduriz.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Secondly, Kroos goes off and is replaced by Isco.,0
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Striker #17Vidane decides to make two changes for Madrid. First, Vazquez is replaced by Bale.,0
roos sees yellow for preventing an Athletic counter-attack through the middle. The fouls have been fewer this half and the game is much better for it.,2
artinez is booked for scything down Modric on the right of Athletic's box. The free-kick lands to Vazquez hovering on the edge of the area, whose shot is deflected out for a corner. Nothing comes of it.,2
sst: M. AsensioGOAL! 1-0 MADRID! Now you can see why Athletic wanted to keep it tight. Straight from Varane's clearance, Asensio races forward and plants ball straight onto the head of Benzema whose header is too powerful for Herrerin to keep out.,1
Asensio does well to shrug off several Athletic players and power down the left. Vazquez receives the ball in the box and Berchiche slides in to put the ball out. Madrid corner. Garcia is booked for his protests - Athletic believe that should have been a goal-kick.,2
Williams finds himself with time in Madrid's box but is quickly crowded out by three Madrid defenders. The ball winds up with Berchiche who tussles with Vazquez. Vazquez goes down after a flailing arm from Berchiche and the left-back is booked.,2
Cordoba is booked for sliding into the back of Carvajal as the Madrid full-back glided past him.,2
opez is booked after he pulls back Carrasco to stop his run on the halfway line.,2
sst: IbaiMARTINEZ SCORES! It's poor defending from Atletico as Martinez has a free header in the middle of the box from Gomez's corner. It's a thumping effort and Oblak can't react quick enough to stop it from flying over his head and into the back of the net. 2-1 Athletic!,1
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroAthletic Club · Midfielder #12Final change for Athletic now and it's the goal scorer, Berenguer, that's going off for Gomez.,0
orreira is booked after he jumps for the ball at the same time as Morcillo and puts his arm into the back of his head.,2
Asst: Y. Ferreira CarrascoSAVIC EQUALISES! Another corner for Atletico, but this time, Carrasco manages to pick out a team-mate in the box. Savic rises high above everyone else in the penalty area to get his head to the ball and he sends it into the far side of the net. 1-1!,1
Oihan SancetAthletic Club · Striker #16Athletic are making a change now as well, with Sancet going off for Lopez.,0
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Defender #12Final change for Atletico now and it's Lodi that's going off, with Hermoso replacing him.,0
Unai VencedorAthletic Club · Midfielder #27Vesga is also being brought on in place of Vencedor.,0
Asier VillalibreAthletic Club · Striker #20Athletic are making a double change now and Marcelino is bringing on their top scorer, Williams for Villalibre.,0
Koke knocks the ball away just as Garcia stretches to nick it off him. He catches him on the top of his foot and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Another change for Atletico now and it's Torreira that's being brought on for Correa.,0
It's a clumsy challenge from Vencedor as he gets nowhere near the ball and takes Joao Felix out. The yellow card is out and that means he'll miss the next match.,2
Kieran TrippierAtlético Madrid · Defender #23And Trippier comes off, with Joao Felix on for him.,0
Héctor HerreraAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16Herrera is also being brought off, with Lemar on to replace him.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Simeone is making a triple change now as he looks to try and get his side back into the game. Saul is brought off first, with Suarez on in his place.,0
Ander CapaAthletic Club · Defender #21There's a change at the back with Capa not coming out again after his knee injury, so Lekue is on in his place.,0
Felipe carries the ball a long way and Sancet ends up dragging him down to stop his run which earns him a booking.,2
Sancet was breaking on the counter after Atletico's corner and Llorente pulls him back, earning the first booking of the game.,2
BERENGUER SCORES! Berenguer is involved in the move from the start as he plays it out to Capa on the right before continuing his run into the box. The right-back's cross takes a deflection and Berenguer throws himself forward to head it across goal and into the corner. 1-0 Athletic! ,1
Dobbin catches Dragusin late and has his name taken by the referee.,2
BRANTHWAITE!!! 2-2! EVERTON EQUALISE! The hosts may well have snatched a point at Goodison Park. A free-kick into the box deflects towards goal after glancing off Romero's head. The unmarked Branthwaite races onto the ball and nods past Vicario from close range.,1
Pierre-Emile HøjbjergTottenham · Midfielder #5Hojbjerg is given a breather by Spurs with Dragusin replacing him for the final few moments.,0
James MaddisonTottenham · Midfielder #10Maddison is also given a breather by Postecoglou with Gil coming on.,0
Timo WernerTottenham · Midfielder #16There is also activity on the Tottenham bench. A conservative change sees Skipp replace Werner.,0
Dwight McNeilEverton · Midfielder #7Dobbin also comes on for the last five minutes with McNeil making way.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Everton make two more changes. The first of these sees Beto introduced in favour of Calvert-Lewin.,0
Ashley YoungEverton · Midfielder #18Dyche makes another change as Young makes way to be replaced by Chermiti.,0
Ben GodfreyEverton · Defender #22Godfrey cannot continue and Coleman comes on in his place for the final quarter of an hour.,0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Sarr also comes on following his return from the Africa Cup of Nations. Bentancur is the player to make way.,0
Brennan JohnsonTottenham · Midfielder #22Here come those changes. One of them sees Johnson make way to be replaced by Kulusevski.,0
Godfrey vents his frustration towards the officials after he is penalised for a foul. Although, the Everton defender does so too aggressively for the liking of the referee, who books him.,2
sst: J. MaddisonRICHARLISON!!! 2-1 TOTTENHAM! The former Everton man strikes again, and it is another beauty! The ball will not quite break for Spurs in the box, but it eventually comes to Maddison, who lays it off for Richarlison. The Brazilian has space to take aim and brilliantly bend the ball into the far corner from 20 yards out.,1
Asst: D. Calvert-LewinHARRISON!!! 1-1! EVERTON ARE LEVEL! The hosts make their pressure tell after another deep McNeil corner causes problems for Spurs. Vicario cannot punch clear and Tarkowski heads the ball back across the six-yard box. Calvert-Lewin and Harrison both go for it, but the latter gets the final touch to send it into an empty net.,1
sst: D. UdogieRICHARLISON!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM! The former Everton forward comes back to haunt his old club! Following a neat build-up down the left, Udogie is released into space and shows great awareness to pull the ball back for Richarlison, who sweeps a wonderful first-time volley into the roof of the net.,1
Herrera goes into the book for the home side minutes after entering the action for a foul on Kimmich.,2
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11PSG shore up their midfield as Di Maria is withdrawn for Herrera.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13An interesting call by Flick as he withdraws the goalscorer Choupo-Moting for Martínez.,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23Kean comes on to the field for Draxler in the final third for the home side.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Davies is withdrawn by Flick and Musiala replaces the full-back. Alaba could shift to the left side with Musiala playing through the middle.,0
Muller lunges in his bid to challenge Paredes and catches the midfielder late. The Bayern forward goes into the book.,2
Abdou DialloPSG · Defender #22Diallo is forced off with a hamstring injury and is replaced at left-back by Bakker.,0
Dagba brings down Coman on the left flank and goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Alaba pulls back Neymar on the charge and goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHOUPO-MOTING HEADS HOME!! 1-0 BAYERN!!! The German side are back in the contest as Choupo-Moting fends off Kimpembe to head into the net from six yards. Alaba is afforded space and time in the box following a run by Coman. He scoops a left-footed shot towards goal that is saved by Navas. The rebound loops up in the area and Choupo-Moting displays a predatory instinct to get the better of Kimpembe to convert the opening.,1
sst: E. EzeMITCHELL!!! 2-0 PALACE! GAME OVER! The visitors secure all three points in the dying moments. Burnley try to clear the ball down the other end of the field, but get it all wrong. The ball ends up with Eze on the edge of the box. The substitute then produces a perfectly timed lay-off for the onrushing Mitchell, who slots past Trafford to make it 2-0.,1
Andersen has his name taken by the referee. Burnley have a free-kick and time is rapidly running out for the hosts.,2
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Gudmundsson has enjoyed a productive day, completing a game-high 94.1 per cent of his passes for Burnley. He is replaced by Bruun Larsen.,0
erma brings down Brownhill as we approach stoppage time at Turf Moor. The Palace midfielder goes into the book.,2
Jordan BeyerBurnley · Defender #5After successfully completing a game-high 80 passes for Burnley, Beyer makes way for the final few minutes. Tresor comes on in his place.,0
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Edouard, who has been involved in a game-high eight aerial duels, is unable to continue and is replaced by Richards in a defensive change by Palace.,0
Luca KoleoshoBurnley · Midfielder #30The lively Koleosho, who had a game-high four shots on goal and was involved in 13 duels, is given a breather by the hosts. Odobert takes his place.,0
Zeki AmdouniBurnley · Striker #25Burnley make a double-substitution. The first sees Amdouni, who had two shots on goal, replaced by Redmond.,0
Joel WardCrystal Palace · Defender #2Ward, who made a game-high four tackles today, also makes way with Clyne coming on in his place.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp, whose goal separates the two sides, is given a breather by Hodgson after he was involved in a joint-high nine duels for the visitors today. He is replaced by Ahamada.,0
Cheick DoucouréCrystal Palace · Midfielder #28Palace make their first change as Eze returns to action after missing the Eagles' last three matches. He replaces Doucoure, who gained possession three times for the visitors - a tally only bettered by Ayew and Andersen.,0
yew also goes into the book for Palace. Like Guehi, he appeared to be questioning the referee's decision to allow Burnley to take the quick free-kick just now.,2
uehi goes into the book for dissent after taking his protests with the referee too far. The England defender was far from happy with the official, but needs to calm down.,2
Asst: J. AyewSCHLUPP!!! 1-0 PALACE! It's a horrible moment for Beyer! The Burnley defender appears to be in control as he looks to tidy up a long ball down the right flank. But he is outmuscled by Ayew, who then drives into the penalty area before squaring the ball across the six-yard box for the onrushing Schlupp to apply the finishing touch.,1
Chasing down Trafford, Edouard catches the Burnley goalkeeper with a late sliding challenge and can have no complaints as he receives the first yellow card of the game.,2
Jayden BogleSheffield United · Midfielder #20Bogle limps towards the touchline and is replaced for the final few seconds by Osula.,0
Robinson goes into the book after catching Joao Pedro late. He will have to tread carefully now.,2
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28McAtee picks up a knock and is unable to continue. Heckingbottom is taking no chances as he introduces Ben Slimane for the last five minutes.,0
Baleba catches McAtee late and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Ansu FatiBrighton · Striker #31Fati is also given a breather as he is replaced by Veltman in a very defensive change by the hosts.,0
Billy GilmourBrighton · Midfielder #11De Zerbi responds by making a couple of substitutions. One of those sees Gilmour make way to be replaced by Baleba.,0
ED CARD FOR DAHOUD! Brighton are down to 10 men! The midfielder is shown a straight red card after he appeared to stamp on Osborn's ankle. It did look accidental to be fair, but it was endangering his opponent.,3
Vinícius SouzaSheffield United · Midfielder #21United are forced into a change early in the second half. Vinicius, who picked up a knock during the opening 45 minutes, makes way for Osborn.,0
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana is also given a breather by De Zerbi. He is replaced on the left flank by Mitoma.,0
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40Brighton make two changes at the break. The first sees Buonanotte, who assisted the opening goal, replaced by Joao Pedro.,0
Buonanotte drags back Hamer and prevents him from potentially launching a counter. The Brighton man goes into the book.,2
Bogle receives the first yellow card of the game after catching Adingra with a late sliding challenge.,2
Asst: F. BuonanotteADINGRA!!! 1-0 BRIGHTON! What a start by the hosts! They take the lead in the sixth minute as Adingra cuts inside from the left and embarks on a strong run towards the penalty area. He then plays a neat one-two with Buonanotte before slotting past Foderingham.,1
Max MeyerCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Meyer comes off for Puncheon, who makes a rare appearance. ,0
Guaita dawdles and is booked for time-wasting. Not long left to go now. ,2
Marc AlbrightonLeicester City · Midfielder #11Okazaki replaces Albrighton for the final few minutes as Puel desperately searches for a goal. He's on a little late to make much of an impact.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #14Ayew makes way for Sorloth in the closing stages as Hodgson looks to see out the game and use the substitute's height to his side's advantage during set-pieces.,0
Demarai GrayLeicester City · Midfielder #7Puel sends Iheanacho on for Gray as he looks for an answer going forward. ,0
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Kouyate is indeed replaced by Schlupp, who will go out wide and allow McArthur to move inside. ,0
Pereira picks up a yellow card for a foul on Fuchs, having just been penalised for impeding Ayew less than a minute before.,2
James MaddisonLeicester City · Midfielder #10Puel makes a half-time change, bringing Maddison off and replacing him with Ghezzal.,0
McArthur goes over under no contact and is shown a yellow card for diving. Completely unnecessary from the midfielder. ,2
sst: A. TownsendGOAL!!! WHAT A STRIKE BY MILIVOJEVIC! Palace go 1-0 up! Wan-Bissaka advances well down the right and plays it back for Townsend, who squares to Milivojevic well outside the box and the midfielder smashes it across goal and into the far corner! What a hit! ,1
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8Fornals has also impressed, and it's a defensive replacement in Vladimir Coufal who enters the pitch.,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20Bowen has exceled in this game, and Nikola Vlasic comes on for him.,0
Asst: M. LanziniGOOOOALLLLL!!!! There's number four and Bowen finally has his goal!!! It's the most well-worked move of the game for West Ham; Antonio drives into the box and feeds Lanzini, who unselfishly passes first-time to the unmarked Bowen who makes no mistake in making it 4-1 to the Hammers! What an away performance, and it's game, set and match at Villa Park.,1
OOOALLLL!!!! That's the third, and it might seal three points for West Ham!!! Bowen sprints forward and is one-on-one with Martinez, who does brilliantly to save his shot. However, Fornals slides in at the back post to fire the rebound home and put West Ham 3-1 up! It's hard to see any way back for the home side now, and the Hammers could well be taking the points back to East London!,1
cGinn is also yellow-carded, and after his run in made things much worse, you can't argue with that.,2
Bowen is also booked for his part in the melee, and that could've been ugly if the referee hadn't taken action.,2
ornals and Nakamba collide going for a 50-50 and a melee ensues, with Bowen pushing a furious McGinn to the ground as both sets of players run into the tussle. Fornals is given a yellow for the original challenge.,2
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Striker #31Bailey hasn't had the impact that Dean Smith would've desired on his first start, and he's replaced by Anwar El Ghazi.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22Manuel Lanzini comes on in West Ham's first change, replacing Benrahma.,0
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Striker #10Konsa's dismissal leaves the home side short at the back, and so Tyrone Mings, who's the opposite of short, comes on as Buendia is sacrificed for ten-man Villa.,0
ause avoids trouble, but the closeness to goal of Konsa's foul sees him given a red card by the referee instead!! It looks harsh given there was minimal contact, but he was the last man and the Villa defender can have few complaints!,3
Asst: S. BenrahmaGOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL!!!!! They weren't level for long!!!! Benrahma cuts inside again and looks to make space for himself, but he's crowded out. He passes to Rice, who hardly takes a step before firing the ball low into the bottom corner!!! What a strike to put the Hammers back into a 2-1 lead!!!,1
Asst: E. BuendiaGOOOALLLLL!!!!! There's the equaliser!!! Great play from Villa as McGinn picks out Buendia on the run. He charges into the box and cuts the ball back to the penalty spot, where Watkins is waiting to fire the ball past Fabianski!!! 1-1, and this game is turning into a real cracker!!!,1
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41The young Villa midfielder can't carry on, and Ashley Young comes on for him.,0
Asst: D. RiceGOOOOALLLLL!!!!! What a start for West Ham!!!! It's the right-back Johnson who has the ball on the right-wing and, despite having options, cuts inside to fire a low shot into the bottom corner that beats Martinez and puts the away side 1-0 up already!!! No one thought he'd shoot, least of all Martinez, who saw the ball very late and couldn't keep it out!,1
ema spins away from Olise and when he threatens to break away, the Frenchman sticks out a leg to trip him. He has no complaints as he's shown a yellow card.,2
ing's frustration gets the better of him as he barges into the back of Andersen. He made no attempt to play the ball and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Wilfried ZahaCrystal Palace · Striker #11Palace's final change sees the goalscorer, Zaha, taken off and replaced by Mateta.,0
Samir CaetanoWatford · Defender #22Samir hasn't been moving comfortably since picking up that earlier knee injury. He's taken off in Watford's final change, with Troost-Ekong replacing him.,0
Marc GuéhiCrystal Palace · Defender #6Palace are also making a change as Guehi is helped off the field by the medical team. Mitchell is coming on at left-back, with Ward moving to partner Andersen in central defence.,0
Emmanuel DennisWatford · Striker #25Dennis has struggled to make any sort of impact today, and he's taken off, with Masina coming on to fill the spot left by Kamara after his sending off.,0
KAMARA IS SENT OFF! Things are going from bad to worse for Watford! Olise is threatening to break forward down the right and Kamara desperately pushes him off the side of the pitch to stop him. He's shown his second yellow card of the game before being sent down the tunnel.,3
Hughes clips the back of Dennis' heels with a clumsy challenge, and he's the first Palace player to go into the referee's book.,2
Conor GallagherCrystal Palace · Midfielder #23Palace are making their first change of the game now and it's Gallagher that's going off for Schlupp.,0
Tom CleverleyWatford · Midfielder #8Cleverley slowly makes his way off the field with the medical team, and Sema is coming on to replace him.,0
Penalty GoalZAHA SCORES! He had to wait a long time to take it, but it doesn't faze Zaha! It's a good penalty and he just waits for Foster to shift to his right before coolly curling his penalty into the opposite side of the net. 1-0 Palace!,1
Kamara loses the ball and then takes Edouard's legs out from under him in an attempt to make up for his mistake. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Doucoure picks up a late booking for a poor challenge on Onyeka. There's no time for Brentford to do much with the free-kick though. That's that!,2
Asst: V. JaneltGOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE 1-1 BRENTFORD! Famous last words! Janelt curls a fantastic cross into the path of Wissa, who powers a header past Guaita! The goal's being checked for offside...,1
Toney tries to capitalise on Andersen's loose touch but ends up scything the Palace centre-back down. A yellow card is his reward.,2
Michael OliseCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Palace use their last substitution window to bring on Mitchell for Olise.,0
Aaron HickeyBrentford · Defender #2Hickey, who was beaten for Zaha's goal, is next off. Ghoddos ventures on for Brentford.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Brentford make some more changes. Jensen goes off. Wissa comes on.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Eze gets the last 15 minutes off too. On comes Ayew for Palace.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Palace substitution. Milivojevic comes on to shore up the hosts' midfield. Schlupp makes way.,0
ickey's shown the game's first yellow card for a tactical foul on Zaha, who's started to run the show for Palace.,2
Keane Lewis-PotterBrentford · Striker #23Lewis-Potter is next to go. On comes Dasilva for Brentford.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Last off in this raft of Brentford changes is Mbeumo. Onyeka replaces him.,0
Shandon BaptisteBrentford · Midfielder #26It's a triple change that Brentford make. Baptiste is first to get the hook. Damsgaard is his replacement.,0
Asst: C. DoucouréGOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE 1-0 BRENTFORD! Zaha receives the ball from Doucoure just outside the box and it looks like nothing's on. The Ivorian knows better, though, taking a tiny touch onto his right foot to beat Hickey and curling into the far top corner of the net.,1
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Palace make the game's first substitution. Edouard replaces the quiet Mateta.,0
t's a clumsy one by Dest, who clatters into Gil to stop his run, and he has his name taken by the referee.,2
Omar AldereteValencia · Defender #15Double change for Valencia as we head into the final five minutes here. Alderete goes off to be replaced by Comert.,0
Hugo DuroValencia · Striker #19And Duro is also taken off, with Andre on in his place.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangBarcelona · Striker #25Aubameyang won't have the chance to go for a hat-trick as he's taken off and replaced by Luuk de Jong.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Final changes for Barcelona now and it's Gavi that's going off for Traore.,0
There's not much in it from Soler as he catches the edge of Busquets' foot when trying to win the ball back, but the yellow card is out again.,2
t's a clumsy one from Lato as he clips the back of Gavi before falling onto the midfielder, and he's shown a yellow card for the push.,2
Nico is stretching to make up for a loose touch, and he ends up catching Soler with a late challenge. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Barcelona's third change sees Dembele taken off and replaced by Nico.,0
Ilaix MoribaValencia · Midfielder #23And Moriba also makes way, with Racic on to replace him.,0
José GayàValencia · Defender #14There's a double change for Valencia now. Gaya is the first to be taken off, with Lato on in his place.,0
Asst: PedriWHAT A GOAL! Torres tried to spin out of a crowd of players on the edge of the box, but the ball bounced off Diakhaby and out to Pedri on the edge of the box. He hits it first time, getting a lot of power on his swerving shot as it rises over Mamardashvili and into the top of the net. 4-1 Barca!,1
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21Second change for Barcelona now and it's De Jong that's taken off, with Pedri replacing him.,0
raujo nudges into the back of Duro to stop him from getting into the box and he gives away a free-kick in a dangerous position and earns himself a yellow card.,2
Moriba clatters into the back of Busquets to stop him from breaking on the counter, and he's shown a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Asst: B. GilSOLER PULLS ONE BACK! He had one disallowed in the first half, but this one will count! It's a brilliant cross from Gil on the left and Soler's run through the middle isn't picked up. He throws himself forward and gets a lot of power behind the header to put it past Ter Stegen. 3-1!,1
Hugo GuillamónValencia · Midfielder #6Both sides are making a change at the break, with Valencia going first. Guillamon goes off to be replaced by Gomez.,0
Eric GarcíaBarcelona · Defender #24And for Barcelona, it's Garcia that's going off for Mingueza.,0
Asst: GaviAUBAMEYANG SCORES AGAIN! It's a much simpler finish than his first goal, but he was in the right place to slot this one home. Dembele plays a one-two with Dest before sliding it through to Gavi and he curls it into the six-yard box. Aubameyang is completely unmarked and he's left with a simple tap-in. 3-0 Barca!,1
Alba makes the first clearance, but it comes straight back to him, and he gets a second attempt. He completely misses the ball and ends up kicking Soler in the torso instead. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
Asst: O. DembéléDE JONG SCORES! It's a brilliantly worked goal by Barcelona! Dest can't find a way through down the right, so it's worked out to Alba on the opposite flank. He lifts another lovely cross into the box and Dembele squares it to De Jong, who slides in ahead of Alderete to slot it past the keeper. 2-0 Barca!,1
Asst: J. AlbaAUBAMEYANG SCORES! It's a lovely long ball over the top from Alba, and Aubameyang times his run perfectly in behind Alderete to stay onside. He takes it into the box before firing his shot over Mamardashvili and into the top corner of the net. 1-0 Barca!,1
Nico ElvediMönchengladbach · Defender #30It's a triple-change for the away side as Jantschke comes on for Elvedi.,0
Alassane PléaMönchengladbach · Striker #14Hat-trick hero Plea is taken off for Traore.,0
Asst: M. ThuramGOOOAAAALLLL! The ball is in the net for Gladbach's sixth and Plea's hat-trick. Lazaro wins the ball back and feeds Thuram. The Frenchman weighs up his options before finding Plea in acres of space and he makes no mistake, firing into the net for a Champions League hat-trick. The linesman's flag is up for offside initially before VAR overturns the decision to make it 6-0!,1
Jonas HofmannMönchengladbach · Midfielder #23Rose makes another change. Hofmann's game is over as he is replaced by Lazaro.,0
Lars StindlMönchengladbach · Midfielder #13First sub for Gladbach. Stindl is off for Wolf.,0
Maycon de Andrade BarberanShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #27Another change for the hosts. Stepanenko is on for Maycon. ,0
Asst: A. PléaGOOOAALLL GLADBACH! Trubin's goal-kick is easily intercepted by Hoffman. The midfielder feeds it into Plea whose one-touch assist is superbly dispatched by Stindl who deserves a goal for his efforts. 5-0!,1
Solomon leaves a sore one on Hoffman and is quite rightly booked.,2
TaisonShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #7It's a triple change as Moraes replaces Taison.,0
MarlosShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #11Changes for the hosts at half-time. Kovalenko is on for Marlos.,0
GOOOAAAALLL! Hofmann's corner is met by Bensebaini whose header is initially blocked. The defender reacts quickest to the loose ball and prods it past the keeper to make it 4-0 Gladbach!,1
Asst: L. StindlGOAAAALLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM PLEA!! Gladbach have the ball in the corner before working it back into the middle. Stindl's pass is stepped over and falls to Plea who unleashes a strike from 25 yards straight into the roof of the net. Unstoppable. Gladbach lead 3-0!,1
Asst: S. LainerGOAL! What a start for Gladbach. Lainer charges up the right and is found in space. He delivers an excellent ball across the face of goal that Plea meets and strikes into the bottom corner. 1-0!,1
HARRISON SCORES! That should do it for Leeds! Raphinha's corner is cleared by Dasilva at the near post, but it comes back out to Harrison, who runs onto it. He hits the shot first time on the half-volley and it bounces through the crowd and into the near bottom corner. Marsch falls to the floor in relief as the Leeds fans celebrate. 2-1 Leeds!,1
Sam GreenwoodLeeds United · Midfielder #42Second change for Leeds now, and it's Klich that's coming on for Greenwood.,0
Brentford were breaking on the counter again, and Phillips takes one for the team by pulling Eriksen back and picking up a booking.,2
ANOS IS OFF! Just minutes after equalising for Brentford, he's been sent off! He tracked back to trip Raphinha and stop his run down the right. After picking up a cheap booking for taking his shirt off in celebration, he's shown a second yellow. Brentford are now down to nine men!,3
The yellow card is out again, this time for Toney for a late foul.,2
sst: Y. WissaCANOS EQUALISES! Leeds are wide open in midfield, but Toney's initial throughball is cut out. It goes back to Wissa, who curls a brilliant cross into the far post and Canos sets himself before sending his header over Cooper and past a static Meslier to nestle into the far side of the side. 1-1!,1
Joe GelhardtLeeds United · Striker #30And Leeds are also making a change, and it's a defensive one. Gelhardt is taken off and replaced by Struijk.,0
Mads Bech SørensenBrentford · Defender #29Final roll of the dice for Brentford here as they look to get back into this game. Sorensen goes off for Baptiste.,0
Rico HenryBrentford · Defender #3Brentford are making another change now, with Henry taken off and replaced by Canos.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Brentford are making the first change of the game here, and it's Jensen that's going off for Dasilva.,0
Penalty GoalRAPHINHA SCORES! He steps up to take the penalty that he won, stuttering his run just before hitting the shot. Raya leans to his right, and Raphinha confidently fires the spot-kick into the opposite side of the net. 1-0 Leeds!,1
TrézéguetAston Villa · Midfielder #17Villa make their first change now, as Anwar El Ghazi replaces Trezeguet.,0
Asst: J. GrealishGOAL! OLLIE WATKINS BAGS A BRACE FOR ASTON VILLA! 3-0! Now it is three! Jack Grealish embarks on a brazen run down the left flank, and almost stumbles as Arsenal try to muscle him off the ball - but he still manages to drag on a pass for his striker, who latches on in support and drills low past Leno. Dreamland for Villa; nightmares for the Gunners.,1
Asst: R. BarkleyGOAL! OLLIE WATKINS MAY HAVE SEALED IT FOR ASTON VILLA! 2-0! The former Brentford man is exactly where he should be to meet a volley from Ross Barkley, who smashes a Douglas Luiz ball from out wide on the right back across the six-yard box for the striker to head home. That could be game, set and match to the visitors.,1
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9The Gunners also complete their changes with 25 minutes still to go, bringing the sparky Eddie Nketiah on for Lacazette.,0
WillianArsenal · Striker #12Perhaps unsurprisingly then, it is Willian who is the second Arsenal man to make way in this match, with Nicolas Pepe on in his place.,0
Thomas ParteyArsenal · Midfielder #18Mikel Arteta has made a half-time gamble too, with Partey - arguably a touch anonymous in that first act - replaced by Dani Ceballos for the final 45 minutes.,0
Mittelstadt is booked for a high foot in the run-up to Selke's run upfield. That was good refereeing to let play continue.,2
Serge GnabryBayern · Striker #22Gnabry's race is also run. The teenage Canadian winger Davies comes on for him.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Muller's day is over. Sanches comes on to replace him.,0
Ondrej DudaHertha · Midfielder #10That's Duda's last act of the game. Duda is replaced by Skjelbred.,0
ewandowski wades into the argument and sees yellow too. That was unnecessary.,2
ayern take the free-kick quickly, and put Pavard into trouble. The centre-back brings down Leckie right on the edge of Bayern's box. Pavard is booked.,2
The pressure on Hertha relieves slightly as Muller fouls a countering Esswein. Muller is booked.,2
Dodi LukebakioHertha · Striker #28This is surprising - Lukebakio makes way for Germany U21 striker Selke. Maybe Covic thinks the Belgian's run out of puff.,0
Vedad IbiševićHertha · Striker #19Hertha make the first change of the game before taking the free-kick, as Ibisevic is replaced by Esswein. The Bosnian furiously hurls his shinpads to the ground down on the touchline. It's no surprise he's frustrated.,0
enalty GoalGOAL! 2-2 BAYERN! Lewandowski steps up and makes no mistake from the spot, dispatching the penalty kick past Jarstein. Hertha may have a long last half hour in store.,1
Grujic is booked for his infraction. That's the least he deserves for that act of stupidity.,2
Asst: V. IbiševićGOAL! 2-1 HERTHA! What are Bayern playing at?! The champions fail to deal with a routine long ball and Grujic is through on goal. The midfielder rounds Neuer and taps the ball in.,1
Asst: O. DudaAND HERTHA SCORE! 1-1! It's Lukebakio again! Bayern's hat-trick tormentor last season shows up once more. This one's a bit of a fluke. The Belgian drifts in from the flank and takes a left-footed shot from range which deflects past Neuer into the net.,1
sst: S. GnabryGOAL! 1-0 BAYERN! Lewandowski opens his Bundesliga account for 2019-20 as Hertha push too far forward after giving away the throw. Bayern counter-attack and Gnabry rolls the ball across goal for the Pole to slide in.,1
arida is booked for holding onto Coman a little too much. The free-kick from the left is lofted towards Muller at the far post but his header is saved by Jarstein.,2
For a foul on Sane, Thielmann goes into the referee's notebook.,2
Asst: S. GnabryBAYERN SURELY WIN IT! After Sane sees his shot saved and Bayern's chance appears to have vanished, Musiala seizes the moment! The young substitute strikes low and hard from the edge of the box, and his strike unerringly finds the bottom-right corner! Die Roten lead 2-1 in Cologne and are only moments away from sealing yet another Bundesliga crown!,1
Noussair MazraouiBayern · Defender #40Musiala is also thrown on, as Bayern seek a late winner. Mazraoui makes way.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Bayern now make their final two changes. First, Tel replaces Goretzka, who only arrived from the bench himself not long ago.,0
Linton MainaKöln · Midfielder #37Lemperle also joins the fray; replacing Maina for the closing stages of this intense game.,0
Dejan LjubicicKöln · Midfielder #7Ending an eventful few minutes for the Koln winger, Ljubicic makes way for Pedersen.,0
or removing his shirt in an exuberant goal celebration, Ljubicic is now booked by the referee.,2
enalty GoalKOLN PULL LEVEL! Calmly, Ljubicic strides forward and strokes his penalty into the bottom-left corner; leaving Sommer well beaten! Suddenly, Bayern's grip on the Meisterschale has slipped a little!,1
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Choupo-Moting returns from a long layoff to lead the Bayern line up front. Coman is withdrawn, having potentially scored the title-winning goal.,0
Ryan GravenberchBayern · Midfielder #38Bayern make two more changes. First, Gravenberch makes way for Goretzka in midfield.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Tuchel makes an intruiging change, as Cancelo comes on to replace Bayern captain Muller.,0
Davie SelkeKöln · Striker #27Selke's shift up front is brought to an early end, as Thielmann comes on in his place.,0
Benno SchmitzKöln · Defender #2Koln make a triple substitution just after the hour mark. First, Schmitz - who has been booked - is replaced by Huseinbasic.,0
or a knee-high sliding challenge on Coman out wide, Schmitz receives the game's first booking. That was a straightforward decision for the referee.,2
Asst: L. SanéBAYERN TAKE THE LEAD!! The crowd is quietened, as Sane strides through the centre and sweeps a ball out to the left for Coman, who then cuts inside and steers a brilliant finish into the top right corner! 1-0! A superb strike for his eighth league goal of the campaign, and could that be the one which secures the Meisterschale for Bayern?,1
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Third and final change for Bayern as Javi Martinez replaces Hernandez.,0
sst: K. ComanHAT-TRICK!!! 3-0! GAME OVER! You felt it was only a matter of time and Lewandowski duly delivered. Receiving the ball on the edge of the area, he takes a good touch to get away from Sane before sweeping past Nubel.,1
Omar MascarellSchalke · Midfielder #6A first change for Schalke with Salif Sane replacing Mascarell.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Striker #22There is also a debut for Ivan Perisic, who comes on in place of Gnabry.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Here comes Coutinho! Muller is the player that will make way for the Brazilian.,0
Benito RamanSchalke · Striker #9Schalke respond by making their first substitution as Ahmed Kutucu replaces Raman.,0
HAT IS MAGNIFICENT!!! LEWANDOWSKI MAKES IT 2-0! Bayern are awarded a free-kick 25 yards from goal. Lewandowski steps up and brilliantly bends the ball beyond the helpless dive of Nubel.,1
enalty GoalNO PROBLEM FOR LEWANDOWSKI! Bayern's talisman steps up and calmly sends Nubel the wrong way from 12 yards. Bayern lead inside the opening 20 minutes.,1
Penalty GoalTONEY STRIKES TWICE! Coolly stepping up to the ball with a short approach, Toney steers his penalty kick past the despairing dive of Pope in the Burnley goal - finding the left side of the net. That's the points wrapped up: Brentford 2-0 Burnley!,1
BURNLEY DOWN TO 10 MEN! Having been left exposed by his defensive colleagues, Collins is forced into barging over Toney in the box, and the young Irishman inevitably sees red.,3
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Midfielder #19Mbeumo is coming off for the final moments; Onyeka is his replacement.,0
esperately chasing back towards his own half, Tarkowski scythes down Mbeumo in the centre circle and picks up a yellow card.,2
Toney is booked for removing his shirt in the celebrations following his breakthrough goal.,2
Asst: C. EriksenBRENTFORD LEAD! A rare moment of inspiration opens the door, as Eriksen whips a wonderful left-footed cross from the edge of the box towards the lurking Toney. The big striker then stoops to plant a header into the back of the net from six yards! Brentford 1-0 Burnley!,1
Christian NørgaardBrentford · Midfielder #6Frank makes another positive change, as Norgaard makes way for Jensen in the hosts' midfield.,0
Sergi CanosBrentford · Midfielder #7Canos is taken off by Thomas Frank, and Wissa will be his replacement.,0
Wout WeghorstBurnley · Striker #9A quiet game comes to a premature end for Weghorst, who will be replaced by Rodriguez for the final quarter of the match.,0
Asst: A. Oxlade-ChamberlainLIVERPOOL HAVE SEVEN!!!! WHAT A STRIKE FROM SALAH!!! The forward puts the icing on the cake with a terrific effort that finds the top-left corner. Oxlade-Chamberlain rolls the ball to Salah on the right flank. He takes a step inside and bends his effort with power inside the post and into the back of the net. Unstoppable.,1
Asst: J. MatipGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SALAH GETS ON THE SCORESHEET!!! 6-0 LIVERPOOL! The Egyptian gets in on the act as he heads home from close range. Alexander-Arnold floats his corner into the box and Matip rises to head at goal. Salah displays predatory instincts to steer it away from Guaita into the top-left corner. ,1
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Oxlade-Chamberlain enters the action to replace Firmino, who won't get the opportunity to get a hat-trick today.,0
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Riedewald replaces McArthur in the middle of the park for the hosts.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #25Batshuayi replaces Eze for the home side.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5Wijnaldum is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced Jones in the middle of the park.,0
sst: M. SalahGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FIRMINO HAS HIS SECOND!!!!!! 5-0!!! Liverpool hit the home side on the counter and the Brazilian provides another marvellous finish to find the back of the net. Alexander-Arnold finds Salah, who plays an incisive pas into the left inside channel for Firmino. He takes a good first touch and rounds the onrushing Guaita. Firmino clips an effort over the line with his left foot to notch his second of the game.,1
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Defender #8Kouyate is withdrawn for Tomkins to make his first appearance of the season.,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Mane is withdrawn and is not happy about it. Palace get no respite as Salah replaces the forward.,0
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldWHAT A GOAL!!!!! HENDERSON SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 4-0!! Liverpool have their fourth goal courtesy of a super strike from Henderson. Alexander-Arnold surges down the right flank and opts not to shoot. Instead he picks out his skipper in acres of space on the edge of the box. Henderson hits his effort first time with a curling strike that bends away from Guaita into the top-left corner.,1
Clyne brings down Minamino on the edge of the box and goes into the book. Liverpool have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
sst: A. RobertsonGGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FIRMINO IS CLINICAL FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 3-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The Reds have their third of the half as Firmino produces a sublime finish inside the box. Robertson raids down the left flank and clips a cross towards the middle. Firmino produces a brilliant first touch with his left foot before poking a strike past Guaita into the bottom-right corner with his second touch. A super goal from the visitors.,1
Asst: R. FirminoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MANE HAMMERS HOME!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!! Out of nowhere Liverpool extend their lead at Selhurst Park. Palace look to have the situation covered as the Reds press in the final third. However, Mane produces a brilliant turn on the edge of the box after collecting a pass from Firmino before firing low and hard into the bottom-left corner. A clinical finish.,1
Asst: S. ManéGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MINAMINO GETS OFF THE MARK!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!! The Reds take the lead as Minamino scores his first Premier League goal. Mane twists and turns in the final third to slide an offload to his team-mate. The forward gets a slice of luck before burying a low right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner. All too easy for the visitors.,1
artinez is shown a yellow card in the aftermath of the goal for his celebration.,2
Asst: L. ShawCASEMIRO EQUALISES! United's first two crosses are both cleared by Chelsea, but it's recycled down the left again. It's clipped into the far post by Shaw and Casemiro rises just in front of McTominay to guide his header back across goal. Kepa gets a hand to it to help it onto the post, but it bounces over the line before the keeper can stop it. 1-1!,1
t's a brilliant run from Elanga down the left, and he dribbles past two Chelsea players before Jorginho swipes out his legs. It's a cynical one, and he's booked for it.,2
Shaw clipped Azpilicueta's heels in an attempt to stop his run. The referee played the advantage, but then pulled it back to show Shaw a yellow card for the challenge.,2
enalty GoalJORGINHO SCORES! He had a long time to wait to step up to the spot, but it didn't bother him! He takes a long run-up before doing his trademark skip in front of the ball. De Gea dived to his right and the Italian fired his spot-kick into the other side of the net. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
The whole United team are protesting against the penalty, but it's Fred's comments that cross a line and he's booked for dissent.,2
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10And Elanga is also brought on in place of Rashford.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14United are making a double change of their own now. Eriksen goes off for McTominay.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekChelsea · Midfielder #12And Loftus-Cheek is also taken off and replaced by Chukwuemeka.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #17Double change for Chelsea here as they look to get a late winner. Sterling is the first to make way, with Broja on for him.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangChelsea · Striker #9Chelsea are making their second change now as Pulisic comes on to replace Aubameyang.,0
Raphaël VaraneMan United · Defender #19Varane goes off the field in tears as he leaves with the medical team to go straight down the tunnel. Lindelof is on to replace him.,0
Jadon SanchoMan United · Midfielder #25United are making their first change of the game now, and it's Sancho that's going off for Fred.,0
Marc CucurellaChelsea · Defender #32Chelsea are getting overrun in midfield, so Potter is making a change to try and stop that from happening. Kovacic comes on for Cucurella, with the Blues switching to four at the back.,0
Antony crashes into Jorginho in an attempt to stop the pass being played, getting nowhere near the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
terling goes into the book for a foul on Dowell tracking back in his own half.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! STERLING HAS A HAT-TRICK!!!!! 4-0 CITY!!!! The England man has a hat-trick although it was not a perfect way to get it. Sterling fires on his right foot towards the target from the penalty spot, but is denied by Gunn with a sharp stop. However, the rebound falls kindly for the forward to dispatch into an empty net.,1
Josh SargentNorwich City · Striker #24Dowell comes on for the closing stages for the home side to replace Sargent.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Guardiola continues to protect his key players as he withdraws Mahrez for the closing minutes. Kayky replaces the winger.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Striker #47Delap replaces Foden in the final third for the visitors for the closing stages.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Silva is withdrawn by Guardiola with the Champions League on the horizon next week. McAtee enters the action for the visitors.,0
sst: R. DiasGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! STERLING NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!!! 3-0 CITY!!!!!! Sterling scores a simple tap-in to secure the three points for the visitors. Foden angles a dangerous cross to the back post from the right flank. Dias rises and unselfishly heads the ball back across the face of goal. Sterling is left unmarked and converts with a side foot into the back of the net.,1
Pierre Lees-MelouNorwich City · Midfielder #20Lees-Melou is withdrawn for Normann in the middle of the park for the Canaries.,0
Max AaronsNorwich City · Defender #2Aarons is withdrawn for the home side after a difficult game. Byram replaces the defender at right-back.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FODEN'S EFFORT JUST CROSSES THE LINE!!! 2-0 CITY!!!!! Foden latches on to a cutback from Gundogan and hammers an effort into the net despite the best efforts of Hanley. Gundogan makes a good run down the left flank and sends a dangerous ball across te face of goal. Foden dispatches a first effort towards goal that is repelled by Gunn. However, he pounces on the rebound and forces his effort past the keeper before Hanley can clear. The referee awards the effort with the use of the technology on his watch.,1
sst: K. WalkerGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! STERLING CURLS HOME A STUNNER!!!!! The England forward punishes a mistake by Aarons as he bends a sublime effort away from Gunn into the bottom-right corner. Walker send a low cross into the box that Aarons fails to clear, scuffing his attempt straight to Sterling. The forward takes touch inside on his right foot in the left-inside channel and fires before Aarons can close him down to find the net with a special effort.,1
ias puts in a cynical challenge on Rashica on the half-way line and goes into the book.,2
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66And Alexander-Arnold is the other player making way, with Phillips replacing him.,0
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #27Nunez won't get the chance to go for his hat-trick goal as Carvalho comes on in his place.,0
Andrew RobertsonLiverpool · Defender #26Liverpool are making a triple change as they look to see out their win. Robertson is the first to go off, with Tsimikas on for him.,0
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Southampton's final change does see Lavia making way, with Aribo on to replace him.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Liverpool's second change sees Oxlade-Chamberlain come on in place of Firmino.,0
Armel Bella-KotchapSouthampton · Defender #37Fourth change for Southampton now, and it's Lyanco that's coming on to replace Bella-Kotchap.,0
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Liverpool are making their first change now. Elliott is taken off, with Milner replacing him as he makes his 600th Premier League appearance.,0
Salisu took a heavy touch which allowed Elliott to nick it back. The defender tries to make up for his error, but trips him and goes into the referee's book.,2
Duje Ćaleta-CarSouthampton · Defender #6And Caleta-Car, who is on a yellow card, is also taken off. Maitland-Niles is on for him, gesturing that there'll be a change to three at the back.,0
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Southampton are making a triple change here. Stuart Armstrong is the first player to go off, with Walcott on in his place.,0
Asst: A. RobertsonNUNEZ SCORES AGAIN! It's another quick move from Liverpool, as Thiago slides it down the left for Robertson to chase. He fizzes a dangerous low cross into the middle and Nunez slides in to poke it past Bazunu on the edge of the six-yard box. 3-1 Liverpool!,1
Asst: H. ElliottNUNEZ SCORES! Southampton just can't clear their lines, despite many opportunities to do so. Elliott eventually picks out a team-mate with his cross, and Nunez gets behind Salisu to volley his first-time shot out of Bazunu's reach and into the far-bottom corner of the net. 2-1 Liverpool!,1
Asst: J. Ward-ProwseADAMS EQUALISES! Ward-Prowse steps up to take Southampton's free-kick on the right and he whips a wonderful cross onto the edge of the six-yard box. Alisson had come off his line, but the forward gets there in front of him and thumps his header into the back of the net. 1-1!,1
sst: A. RobertsonFIRMINO SCORES! It's Robertson that swings in the resulting free-kick on the right for Liverpool and Firmino gets in front of Elyounoussi as he moves towards the ball. He has his back to goal, but glances his header on. He gets enough on it to lift it over the crowd and into the far-bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
alah knocks the ball past Caleta-Car, who just steps across the Egyptian to block his run. He picks up an early yellow card.,2
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Atletico make one last change. Carrasco makes way for Felipe.,0
Youssef En-NesyriSevilla · Striker #15Sevilla make one last throw of the dice. En-Nesyri off. El Haddadi on.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Atletico substitution. Suarez, who's had nothing to do in this half, is replaced by Torreira.,0
Jesús NavasSevilla · Defender #16The next player on to try to turn things around for Sevilla is Torres. He replaces Navas.,0
SusoSevilla · Striker #7Lopetegui reacts immediately, making two changes. De Jong is first. He's on for Suso.,0
sst: M. LlorenteGOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 2-0 SEVILLA! This Atletico side are so clinical. They've surely secured the three points here. Out of nowhere Llorente bursts down the right and finds Saul. Saul shoots from the edge of the area and finds the bottom right corner.,1
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Simeone adds more fresh legs in midfield as Saul comes on for Lemar.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Here are those Atletico changes. Joao Felix is on for Correa first.,0
Joan JordánSevilla · Midfielder #8Jordan is the player to make way for Oscar. Sevilla would certainly benefit from some more creativity.,0
Meanwhile, Savic gets booked for a clumsy foul on En-Nesyri about 35 yards out.,2
oke earns himself the game's first yellow card for a late, high challenge that leaves both him and his opponent on the turf.,2
Asst: K. TrippierGOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 SEVILLA! Correa gives Atletico the lead! It's a smart finish from the Argentine who has time to turn and shoot in the box from Trippier's cutback. It beats Bounou low at his near post to find the bottom right corner.,1
artey is the latest player to receive a yellow card after bringing down Musiala as Bayern looked to counter-attack.,2
Kai HavertzArsenal · Striker #29Arteta looks to shore up his midfield, with Partey entering the fray. Havertz is the player to make way.,0
Asst: G. JesusGOOOAAAALLLL!!! 2-2!! Arsenal equalise! Bayern lose the ball from a throw-in and Saka feeds Jesus on the edge of the box. The Brazilian forward twists and turns before finding Trossard in space inside the penalty area, and he strikes it first-time into the bottom corner! The two substitutes link up to fire the Gunners back into the game!,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Gnabry is unable to continue, so he limps to the bench. Guerreiro comes on to replace him.,0
JorginhoArsenal · Midfielder #20Jorginho will also make way, and it's an attacking change from Arteta, with Jesus entering the fray.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Arteta makes an alteration on the left-hand side of attack, with Trossard coming on to replace him.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Tuchel makes a change as Sane heads to the bench. Coman will come on to replace him.,0
ane goes into the book for striking Saliba in the face as the two tussled for a header.,2
Jakub KiwiorArsenal · Defender #15Arteta makes a change at the break, with Kiwior coming off. Zinchenko will replace him at left-back.,0
enalty GoalGOOOAAAALLL!! 2-1 BAYERN!! The German side have flipped the game on its head! After Saliba fouled Sane, Kane has the chance to score from the penalty spot. He takes a slow run-up before stuttering as he approaches the ball, and he sends Raya the wrong way, rolling the ball into the corner. That's his seventh strike of the competition this season, and his 15th goal against Arsenal in his career!,1
sst: L. GoretzkaGOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-1! Bayern equalise! Gabriel takes a poor touch and he’s being hassled by Kane, and his pass is intercepted by Sane in a dangerous position. He finds Goretzka between the lines and Gnabry has made a run ahead of him, and he’s picked out inside the box. He’s one-on-one with Raya, and he fires it into the back of the net!,1
sst: B. WhiteGOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!! Odegaard sends a clipped pass in behind the Bayern defence and Saka is there to meet it, and Davies’ tackle cannons into the path of White. He finds Saka again who has burst into the box, and he cuts inside onto his left foot. He stands up his marker, and he places the ball into the far corner with a superb finish, leaving Neuer with no chance! That’s his fourth goal in the Champions League this season.,1
Davies receives a yellow for a foul on Saka, and Arsenal win a free-kick inside the Bayern half. The Canadian defender stood on the heel of the English winger.,2
Kaminski takes too long with a goal-kick and goes into the book as a result.,2
Luton substitute Adebayo goes into the book for a foul just inside the Hatters' half.,2
Asst: C. OgbeneGOALLL! BROWN SCORES! 2-1 LUTON! The hosts are ahead for a second time. Ogbene comes forward with possession on the right and curls in a phenomenal low cross. Andersen and Johnstone leave it for each other, allowing Brown to race in and poke the ball into the net.,1
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Palace make two alterations. Edouard thought he had broken the deadlock earlier in the game, but his goal was disallowed for handball. He is replaced up front by Mateta.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp also makes his way off after a quiet game on the wing. Ahamada is given the last 10 minutes to make an impact.,0
Alfie DoughtyLuton Town · Midfielder #45Luton need to stop Palace's momentum if they want to get anything out of this game and have decided to make a change. Brown replaces Doughty on the wing.,0
sst: J. WardGOALLL! OLISE SCORES! 1-1! What a response from Palace. Olise has been electric on the right in this game. He races down the wing and cuts into the box before lashing his shot across the goal and into the top corner.,1
Carlton MorrisLuton Town · Striker #9Luton make a change right after netting the opener. It is a straight swap in the attack, with Morris off for Adebayo.,0
Asst: C. MorrisGOALLLL! MENGI SCORES! 1-0 LUTON! The hosts thought they had gone behind just a few minutes ago but they now have the lead. Doughty's outswinging corner is headed on by Morris to Mengi, who fires the ball across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1
Clark goes into the book for a slide tackle on Hughes. The energy of the game has risen since the disallowed goal.,2
Andros TownsendLuton Town · Midfielder #30Chong scored Luton's goal against Liverpool in their last match and is now on the pitch. Former Palace man Townsend makes way.,0
Pelly RuddockLuton Town · Midfielder #17Luton make a couple of changes to try and find the first goal of the game. Mpanzu has had a busy game in the midfield and is replaced by Clark.,0
Cheick DoucouréCrystal Palace · Midfielder #28There is an applause from all four corners of the ground as Doucoure is carried off on a stretcher. Hughes takes his place in the midfield. Palace only have one more window to make substitutions after two quick injuries.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Palace are forced into an early change in the second half. Eze comes off with an injury and is replaced in the attack by Ayew. A huge blow for the Eagles.,0
ze races towards Luton's box and is tripped by Lockyer, who goes into the book. Shooting opportunity for Palace.,2
he first yellow card of the game goes to Lerma after a late tackle on Lockyer. The Luton captain looks hurt but returns to his feet.,2
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Arsenal's final change as they look to see out this win is Holding coming on in place of Odegaard.,0
Sarmiento seems to trip himself over in an attempt to wrongfoot Tierney. When he realises it's getting away from him, he dives and is booked for simulation.,2
FERGUSON SCORES! Dunk gets his head up and goes long over the top again, and it looks like Saliba has it covered, but it bounces off his knee. Ferguson outmuscles him to get on the ball before lifting it over Ramsdale, who rushed out to smother it, and into the back of the net. 4-2!,1
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #7Third change for Brighton now, and it's March that's making way for Enciso.,0
Thomas ParteyArsenal · Midfielder #5Arsenal are making another change here as Elneny comes on to replace Partey.,0
Asst: M. ØdegaardMARTINELLI SCORES! Brighton committed a lot of bodies forward in search of a second goal, and Arsenal make them pay! It's Odegaard that sweeps it out to Martinelli on the left, and he gets a yard on Lamptey. He bursts into the box before poking a shot at Sanchez, and it goes through the keeper's legs on its way into the net. 4-1 Arsenal!,1
Asst: P. GroßMITOMA PULLS ONE BACK! Brighton play it through the middle, with Gilmour passing it through to Gross, who then helps it onto Mitoma. He takes a touch to get it out of feet before curling a shot around the defender and out of Ramsdale's reach into the bottom corner. A quick VAR check shows he stayed just onside and it's 3-1!,1
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14And Sarmiento is also on in place of Lallana.,0
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35And Zinchenko is also taken off, with Tierney on in his place.,0
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4Both sides are making a double change here, starting with Arsenal. White is the first to go off, with Tomiyasu on for him.,0
arch's frustration gets the better of him as he slides in on Zinchenko with a late challenge as he's the latest player to go in the book.,2
aka clips the back of Estupinan's heels in his attempt to stop his run and is shown a yellow card.,2
NKETIAH SCORES! Just like in the first half, Arsenal score an early goal! Trossard's cross was cut out and Arsenal broke quickly on the counter. It's worked out to Martinelli on the left, and his low cross is pushed away by Sanchez, but Nketiah is on hand to nip in and touch it into the empty net from close range. 3-0 Arsenal!,1
he yellow card is out again, this time for Partey, who just tugged Lallana back when he didn't get the ball.,2
Gilmour knows he isn't going to reach Lallana's pass, so he slides in to stop Partey from getting there. He catches the Ghanaian and is shown the first booking of the game.,2
DEGAARD SCORES! Saka's corner is cleared just in front of Sanchez by Gilmour, but his header only makes it to the edge of the box. Odegaard was alert as he ran onto it in the D and fired a half-volley through the crowd and past a static Sanchez into the back of the net. 2-0 Arsenal!,1
AKA SCORES! What a start for Arsenal! It started with Odegaard's weaving run and Lamptey tried to break after intercepting it, only to be dispossessed. Partey works it out to Martinelli on the left of the box and his curling effort takes two deflections, which helps it into Saka's feet and he fires it into the back of the net. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GIMENEZ GETS ANOTHER GOAL BACK!!!!! 4-2!!!!! Feyenoord give themselves a glimmer of hope as Gimenez converts on the rebound with a tap-in. Idrissi cuts open the Lazio defence with a driving run down the left flank before moving inside onto his right foot. He curls a strike at goal that hits the underside of the bar and bounces out. Gimenez is first to react and steers the ball home. Game on?,1
Quinten TimberFeyenoord · Midfielder #8Timber makes way for Paixao for the closing minutes of the game.,0
Idrissi pulls back Basic on a charge into the Feyenoord half. He goes into the book.,2
Adam MarušićLazio · Defender #77Radu makes his way on to the field to replace Marusic at left-back.,0
Alessio RomagnoliLazio · Defender #13Romagnoli makes way at the back for the hosts and is replaced by Patric.,0
Ciro ImmobileLazio · Striker #17Cancellieri enters the action to replace Immobile in the final third.,0
Matías VecinoLazio · Midfielder #5Vecino's day comes to an end with two goals and an assist. Milinkovic-Savic replaces him in the middle of the park.,0
Patrik WålemarkFeyenoord · Striker #23Walemark is withdrawn by the visitors and is replaced by Idrissi.,0
Luis AlbertoLazio · Midfielder #10Luis Alberto has been outstanding today and is now replaced by Basic.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! GIMENEZ CONVERTS!!! 4-1! Feyenoord have a goal back as Gimenez fires in from 12 yards. The forward smashes his strike down the middle of the goal to get his team on the board. However, it is surely too little too late for the Dutch side.,1
DaniloFeyenoord · Striker #9Danilo is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Gimenez.,0
Javairô DilrosunFeyenoord · Striker #11Dilrosun has had a game to forget. He makes way for Wieffer.,0
sst: L. AlbertoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! VECINO NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 4-0 LAZIO!!!!! The midfielder scores his second of the day with a smart finish. Luis Alberto cuts open the Feyenoord defence with an incisive pass for the run of Vecino. He takes a touch before firing low and hard into the bottom-left corner. All too easy for Lazio.,1
Sebastian SzymańskiFeyenoord · Midfielder #17Jahanbakhsh replaces Szymanski for the visitors at the break.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! VECINO SCORES THIS TIME!!!! 3-0 LAZIO!!!!!! Bijlow denied Vecino before but the midfielder gets his goal, converting on the rebound from close range. Lazio cut the visitors open down the left flank as Marusic feeds Zaccagni. He sends a powerful drive towards goal that Bijlow beats away, but only as far as Vecino. On this occasion, he sweeps his left-footed strike away from the Feyenoord keeper and into the bottom-right corner.,1
sst: C. ImmobileGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FELIPE ANDERSON DOUBLES LAZIO'S LEAD!!!!! 2-0!!!!!! The home side extend their lead as Felipe Anderson cuts in from the right flank and he powers an effort through the hand of Bijlow. Lazio break on the counter following a Feyenoord attack and Immobile picks out the run of Felipe Anderson on the wing. He runs at the Feyenoord defence before opting to strike on his left foot. The Brazilian fires low and hard at goal, and his strike has enough power to beat Bijlow, who should keep it out but fails.,1
elipe Anderson brings down Szymanski on a counter and goes into the book for his cynical challenge. That was a needless tackle.,2
Asst: M. VecinoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUIS ALBERTO FIRES LAZIO IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as Luis Alberto holds his composure to fire past Bijlow from close range. Lazio play their way through the Feyenoord defence as Vecino threads the needle with a pass from the outside of his right boot. Luis Alberto takes it in stride before he buries a right-footed strike into the bottom-right corner.,1
sst: D. van de BeekGOOALLLLL!!! 3-1 UNITED! Shaw’s tackle allows Fernandes to launch a counter-attack and the Portuguese midfielder finds Greenwood. The United forward plays back across to Fernandes, who slides in van de Beek. The Dutchman, from the left of goal, opts to pass across the six-yard area and Cavani has the simplest of tap-ins into an empty net. VAR checks for offside in the build-up before allowing the goal to stand.,1
arkowski rushes out to the right-hand touchline, standing on the foot of van de Beek to bring down the Dutchman. For his cynical efforts, the centre-back becomes the next name in Moss' book.,2
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7At the same time as Vydra's introduction, Rodriguez replaces Gudmundsson to make it three Burnley forwards on the pitch in the closing stages.,0
Josh BrownhillBurnley · Midfielder #8Brownhill makes his way off for Vydra as Dyche chases a late equaliser at Old Trafford.,0
Asst: P. PogbaGOOOALLLLLLLLL!! 2-1 UNITED! The hosts’ set-piece comes to nothing and Pogba recycles possession out to Greenwood. The United forward cuts in on his left foot, powering a strike towards the near post past Peacock-Farrell. The goalkeeper has no chance of stopping it as it takes a huge deflection off the diving challenge of Taylor. VAR has a quick check for offside against Cavani before letting the goal stand.,1
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10Van de Beek is the man introduced for Rashford, who seems fairly annoyed to come off but Solskjaer may be protecting him after his foot injury.,0
estwood and Cork combine to bring down Pogba in the middle of the park. Cork gets away with it but Westwood becomes the first Burnley name in the book for tripping up the Frenchman.,2
sst: A. WestwoodGOOOOALLLL! 1-1! Westwood swings in the resulting corner from the left-hand side, finding Tarkowski, who heads into the right-hand corner from close range. Despite numerous bodies inside the area, the Burnley centre-back gets in between the likes of Maguire and Pogba to instantly level things up!,1
Asst: M. RashfordGOOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 UNITED! Rashford races towards the edge of the area after beating Lowton, cutting inside and opting to pass across goal instead of shoot. Fernandes dummies Rashford’s pass, letting the ball slide through his legs to Greenwood, who from the right of goal places a left-footed finish past Peacock-Farrell into the bottom left corner.,1
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Solskjaer makes a change at half-time as he sends on Cavani for Fred. Pogba will now drop deeper and Rashford will move to the left-hand side to accommodate for Cavani's introduction.,0
Perhaps from the build-up of Fernandes' frustrations, Wan-Bissaka clatters into Brownhill with a sliding tackle and the right-back becomes the first booking of the game.,2
Vrsaljko's clumsy challenge ensures he collects a yellow card.,2
 silly challenge from Jesus sees him pick up a yellow card, and he is now suspended for the second leg.,2
Correa collects a yellow card after booting the ball at Grealish's face while he laid on the ground. Guardiola did his best to play peacemaker, and the pushing and shoving eventually came to a halt.,2
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Joao Felix's night is over, with Lemar getting less than ten minutes to impress.,0
Asst: P. FodenGOAAALLLL - MAN CITY 1-0 ATLETICO MADRID - Foden makes an impact in less than two minutes, and it is his pass that picked out goalscorer De Bruyne. The England international collected the ball on the edge of the box and nutmegged Reinildo, with De Bruyne composing himself before firing across Oblak.,1
odrigo De Paul welcomes Grealish onto the pitch by booting him into the air. A yellow card is brandished, and he can have no complaints.,2
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Here comes City's changes, with Foden on for Mahrez.,0
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7Gabriel Jesus is also introduced, with Sterling now watching from the bench.,0
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Grealish gets his chance from the bench, with Gundogan the one to make way.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Simeone's third substitution sees Matheus Cunha enter the game, with Llorente the one to make way.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Interesting tactics from Simeone as he makes three changes, with Koke the first to be replaced, with Rodrigo De Paul now on in his place.,0
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #8There's also a fresh set of legs up front as Angel Correa replaces Griezmann.,0
ope is now the fourth Burnley player to be booked. The goalkeeper is penalised for time-wasting as he takes an age over his goal-kick. ,2
Matěj VydraBurnley · Striker #27Dyche introduces fresh legs up front with another like-for-like change, replacing Vydra with Rodriguez in attack.,0
arkowski goes into the book for a cynical challenge, barging Richarlison off the ball to prevent an Everton counter.,2
Mason HolgateEverton · Defender #4Ancelotti makes another change now, bringing Holgate off at right-back for club captain Coleman, who takes the armband.,0
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Dyche responds with a change of his own, a like-for-like swap between Gudmunds­son and Brady out wide.,0
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Ancelotti makes a change as he tries to salvage a result from the game, bringing midfielder Davies off for an extra forward in King.,0
owton is the next player to go into the book for a poor challenge as the first half draws to a close now.,2
Jordan PickfordEverton · Goalkeeper #1There's a change in goal now as Pickford is unable to continue, with young goalkeeper Virginia coming on to replace him.,0
Westwood picks up the first yellow card of the game following a poor challenge on Calvert-Lewin.,2
sst: T. DaviesGOAL!!! EVERTON HAVE ONE BACK!! Davies has the ball on the right and delivers a wicked ball into the middle for Calvert-Lewin, who meets it six yards out to power a header past Pope! It's 2-1 now!,1
Asst: M. VydraGOAL!!!! WHAT A STRIKE FROM MCNEIL!!! McNeil receives the ball from Vydra in the inside-right channel and beats Allan with a neat piece of skill before bending a sumptuous effort into the top-left corner off the inside of the post! Pickford had no chance with that! It's 2-0 to Burnley now!,1
OAL!! BURNLEY TAKE THE LEAD!! Davies is shrugged off the ball by Brownhill and McNeil bursts down the left before lashing a cross into the middle that deflects off Keane and falls for Wood just inside the area. The striker takes a touch to set himself before bending his shot around Holgate and into the far corner! It's 1-0 to Burnley!,1
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Pearson replaces Billing with two minutes to go.,0
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16Tavernier is given a rest with 10 minutes remaining as Christie comes on to replace him.,0
Amadou OnanaEverton · Midfielder #8Doucoure is given a chance to help his side overcome the deficit as Onana is recalled to the bench.,0
Dwight McNeilEverton · Striker #7Gordon is introduced with McNeil making way.,0
Neal MaupayEverton · Striker #20Maupay is taken off for Cannon, who is given his Premier League debut.,0
Asst: L. CookTHE SUPER SUB SCORES! 3-0! Anthony wins the free-kick and scores within 120 seconds of coming onto the pitch, getting on the end of Cook’s pinpoint delivery to nod the ball past Pickford from inside the six-yard box!,1
Kieffer MooreBournemouth · Striker #21Moore comes off after 67 minutes in the first substitution of the match, with Anthony sent on to replace him for Bournemouth.,0
ook is shown a yellow card for a late, reckless two-footed challenge on Onana.,2
Senesi forcefully and clumsily charges through the back of Patterson and earns the first yellow card of the match.,2
Vitaliy MykolenkoEverton · Defender #19In addition to the problem with Tarkowski, Mykolenko has sustained an injury during his attempt to beat Moore to Tavernier’s pass and will be forced off just before the half-hour mark. Coleman comes into the match to replace the Ukraine international.,0
Asst: M. TavernierBOURNEMOUTH DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Zemura puts a cross into the penalty area which is initially repelled by Tarkowski, who goes down with an apparent head injury. Play continues and Billing keeps the ball in play and fires an acute-angle shot which is parried by Pickford, only for Taviernier to latch onto it and head it back across for Moore. The strong striker beats Mykolenko in the air and finishes with aplomb!,1
THE CHERRIES TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! The winger is first to the loose ball after Solanke’s curled strike from 18 yards out is only parried by Pickford. With the goalkeeper unable to secure the strike at the first time of asking, it falls into the path of Tavernier, who is able to stab it home!,1
Mërgim VojvodaTorino · Midfielder #27Vojvoda is replaced by Gojak as Torino make another substitution.,0
Antonio SanabriaTorino · Striker #19Belotti comes on to replace goalscorer Sanabria for the final few minutes.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Vecino comes on for Martinez as Inter's final substitution of the game. ,0
Achraf HakimiInter · Midfielder #2Darmian comes on to replace Hakimi in the final minutes of the match.,0
Asst: A. SánchezGOALLL! INTER TAKE THE LEAD AGAIN! What a brilliant header from Martinez as the Argentine heads Sanchez's cross back across the goal into the far corner giving Sirigu no chance. That is a world class finish and makes it 14 goals in the league for Martinez.,1
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Inter make their third substitution as Sanchez replaces Brozovic in the hope of a late winner here in Turin.,0
GOALLL! SANABRIA EQUALISES! Torino have found an equaliser from a corner that caused havoc in Inter's penalty area. Sanabria reacted quickest and he tucks the ball into the bottom left corner. Skriniar was appealing for a foul after he felt he was pushed in the back but VAR gives the goal! 1-1.,1
Simone VerdiTorino · Striker #24Verdi is replaced by Zaza as Torino look to get back into this game.,0
Nicola MurruTorino · Midfielder #29Murru is replaced by Ansaldi as Torino make a double substitution.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLL! LUKAKU MAKES IT 1-0 INTER! Top scorer Lukaku gives the away side the lead with his 19th goal of the Serie A season. Torino's hard work has been undone by a mistake from Izzo.,1
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Eriksen replaces Gagliardini in midfield to offer more creativity for the away side as Conte makes his second change of the match.,0
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Young replaces Perisic on the left side as Inter make a double substitution.,0
agliardini picks up the first booking of the match for a late challenge on Verdi.,2
Daniele BaselliTorino · Midfielder #8Baselli is unable to continue and Linetty comes on to replace the captain.,0
David SilvaMan City · Midfielder #21City make their third and final change as David Silva limps off the pitch after picking up a knock, and he will be replaced by Foden in midfield.,0
Robert SnodgrassWest Ham · Striker #11West Ham are now making a change as Snodgrass is withdrawn for Bowen who makes his debut for the club.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17City make their second switch of the game as De Bruyne is replaced by Gundogan with 11 minutes remaining.,0
Aymeric LaporteMan City · Defender #14City make their first substitution as Laporte is replaced by Stones.,0
Asst: B. SilvaGOOOAL! De Bruyne makes it 2-0 to City! Bernardo Silva links up well with De Bruyne on the right-hand side of the box, and the Belgian then surges on to the ball before firmly sweeping it beneath Fabianski from just outside the six-yard box.,1
Ryan FredericksWest Ham · Defender #24Fredericks is unable to continue as a result of his injury which means he is replaced by Zabaleta on his return to the Etihad Stadium.,0
Masuaku is shown the first yellow card of the game for a mistimed challenge on De Bruyne just outside the West Ham box.,2
Asst: K. De BruyneGOOOAL! Rodri makes it 1-0 to City! Diop nods De Bruyne’s initial corner back out of play, but the Belgian’s second delivery then picks out Rodri at the front post, and the midfielder glances the ball into the bottom right-hand corner.,1
Bereszynski slides in on Hernandez and although he gets the ball, he catches the left-back with his studs. It's not a great challenge and the referee goes straight to his pocket for the yellow card.,2
The yellow card is out again, this time for Murru after he caught Krunic with a late tackle.,2
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Milan are making their fourth change now and it's Calabria that's making way for Romagnoli.,0
Kjaer catches Verre with a late challenge and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Albin EkdalSampdoria · Midfielder #6The hosts are making their third change now as Ekdal is taken off for Silva.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Third change for Milan now and Florenzi comes on to make his debut for the club, in place of Saelemaekers.,0
Manolo GabbiadiniSampdoria · Striker #23There's a double change for Sampdoria here now as well. Gabbiadini has been receiving treatment on an ankle injury for the last couple of minutes, and he's limped off now, with Verre on to replace him.,0
Tommaso AugelloSampdoria · Defender #3Augello is also taken off the field, with Murru coming on for him.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10The goal scorer, Diaz, is also going off, with Bennacer on in his place.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17There's a double change for Milan now, with Leao the first to make way as Rebic replaces him.,0
Gabbiadini is backtracking quickly to try and stop Diaz's run and he clumsily clips the back of his heels. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: D. CalabriaDIAZ SCORES! It looks like Augello has dealt with the long ball but it's a poor header that keeps it in play and Calabria pounces. He takes it to the byline before pulling it back to Diaz. He takes the shot first time from the middle of the box and Audero gets a lot on it, but can't stop it from crossing the line. 1-0 Milan!,1
Asst: FredPEREIRA!!! IT'S 5-0! And it's an error from Schlager! Following a quickly taken free-kick, Pereira tries his luck from distance and hits the jackpot as the LASK goalkeeper can only help the ball over the line.,1
Asst: T. ChongGREENWOOD MAKES IT 4-0!!! United hit LASK on the counter as Chong picks out Greenwood with a terrific pass. The forward darts into the area before drilling a low shot past Schlager at his near post.,1
Reiter is booked for fouling Chong, who was threatening to counter.,2
Odion IghaloMan United · Striker #25United make their final change as Mason Greenwood is introduced for the last five minutes. Ighalo makes way.,0
sst: FredMATA!!! 3-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! Fred demonstrates terrific vision before executing a wonderful through ball for the Spaniard, who sets himself before calmly slotting past Schlager.,1
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #18United also turn to the bench. Fernandes is given a well-earned rest as he is replaced by Andreas Pereira.,0
James HollandLASK · Midfielder #25The hosts make their third and final change, which sees Holland replaced by Stefan Haudum.,0
Dominik FrieserLASK · Striker #28LASK also turn to the bench with Frieser making way for Husein Balic.,0
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21United make their first change as James is given a rest and replaced by Tahith Chong.,0
Samuel TettehLASK · Striker #20First change of the day for LASK as Tetteh goes off to be replaced by Marko Raguz.,0
Ramsebner is booked for bringing down James, who was threatening to break down the left once more.,2
Asst: O. IghaloJAMES MAKES IT 2-0!!! United double their lead as Ighalo feeds a neat through ball to the Wales international, who cuts inside before drilling a low shot into the bottom corner.,1
A bright start to the second half from the hosts results in Shaw being shown a yellow card for fouling Reiter.,2
Trauner is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Ighalo with his arm. It was unintentional but enough for the referee to reach for his notebook.,2
Asst: B. FernandesIGHALO!!! 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! What a finish! Good persistence sees the ball break kindly for Fernandes, who demonstrates good awareness to pick out Ighalo on the edge of the box. The Nigerian neatly juggles the ball to set himself, before firing a ferocious left-footed strike home off the underside of the crossbar.,1
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Striker #22Ziyech, who has had a mixed day, makes way for Giroud in the final change of the contest.,0
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Defender #21Emerson is on for Chilwell at left-back in a like-for-like change.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Werner would have liked a goal today but he will have to settle for an assist. Hudson-Odoi is the player to replace him.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Midfielder #10Saint-Maximin, who has barely been involved in the game, makes way for Carroll in the third of Newcastle's changes.,0
Javier ManquilloNewcastle · Defender #19Almiron is brought on for Manquillo in a change Bruce was planning before that second Chelsea goal.,0
sst: T. WernerGOOOAAAALLL!!! NEWCASTLE 0-2 CHELSEA! The visitors finally have their second goal - and it has come during their opponents' best spell of the game. Werner carries the ball past three players, slides it through for Abraham and the striker calmly converts for his fifth goal of the campaign.,1
Jamaal LascellesNewcastle · Defender #6Newcastle have made an enforced change at the break, with Schar on for Lascelles at the back.,0
Murphy barges into the back of Mount and referee Craig Pawson, who could not have been better positioned, reaches into his pocket for the second time today.,2
Hayden slides in on Kovacic and becomes the first player to be shown a yellow card. However, replays show he got some of the ball so can consider himself unfortunate.,2
Renan LodiNottm Forest · Defender #32Substitution at full-back for Forest. Lodi is replaced by Williams.,0
uehi is booked after pulling the shirt of Johnson who was breaking away on the counter.,2
Cheikhou KouyatéNottm Forest · Midfielder #21Change in the Forest midfield. Kouyate is replaced by Colback.,0
nother yellow card. Substitute Ward receives it after crashing into Kouyate.,2
Yellow card for Yates. He slides in late on Schlupp around the halfway line.,2
Tyrick MitchellCrystal Palace · Defender #3Substitution for Palace. Mitchell. who is on a yellow card, is replaced by Ward.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Substitution for Palace. Ayew is replaced by Mateta in the attack.,0
GOAAALLLLLL! GIBBS-WHITE SCORES! 1-0 FOREST! After a VAR check, Gibbs-White’s goal stands. He reacts the quickest to Johnson’s parried attempt, taking a touch before putting the ball into the net. Originally given as offside, the goal now stands. Guehi was playing him onside. It's his second of the season, with Forest scoring in their last six Premier League home games,1
ursting towards the box, Mitchell trips over Lingard who was moving at pace. On the edge, Forest players suggest that the Palace man was the last remaining defender and should be sent off, but the referee disagrees. He believes that Andersen was close enough to the Forest player. The left-back receives a yellow card.,2
Michy BatshuayiCrystal Palace · Striker #23Batshuayi makes way in Hodgson's third change, with Ayew coming on to replace him up front.,0
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Striker #19Barnes is now replaced by Okazaki as Puel makes his final, desperate change. ,0
vans is subsequently booked for the challenge, to add to his misery.,2
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Striker #10Townsend trudges off for Kouyate for the final 10 minutes.,0
Mamadou SakhoCrystal Palace · Defender #12After some treatment, Sakho is eventually replaced by Dann at the back.,0
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #21Midfielder Tielemans is replaced by striker Iheanacho as Puel tries to get his team back on level terms again, but it's not gone down well with the crowd.,0
McArthur now joins Ndidi in the book for bundling Maddison over on the edge of the box in cynical fashion.,2
Rachid GhezzalLeicester City · Striker #31Gray replaces Ghezzal at the break as Puel looks to get his side back in the game.,0
Ndidi picks up the first yellow card of the day for what seemed like a fairly innocuous challenge, but the referee deems it to be cynical.,2
Both sets of players pile in following the melee, and Lejeune is shown a yellow card at its conclusion having been at the centre of the incident. That will bring an end to the confrontation between the centre-back and Rudiger, for the time being at least! The full-time whistle will be close now, too.,2
Rudiger and Lejeune do battle on the far side, with the latter conceding a corner. The Madrid centre-back's not happy with the Frenchman's challenge and shoves the Rayo defender to earn himself a yellow card!,2
imitrievski's arguing with the referee over whether the ball stayed in play, but he's not going to change his mind and instead picks up a yellow card.,2
fter playing the initial advantage, the referee comes back to book Trejo, whose shirt-grabbing challenge on Bellingham was as cynical as it was unsuccessful!,2
Isi PalazónRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #7Palazon is also taken off by Francisco despite shaking off that shoulder injury, and Jorge de Frutos enters the fray for the last few minutes of the contest.,0
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #12A late change coming for Madrid, as Camavinga is replaced by Nacho in a change that suggests Los Blancos will be pumping the ball forward at every available opportunity.,0
Álvaro García RiveraRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #18Alvaro Garcia also comes off, as Rayito manager Francisco introduces his favourite get-out-of-jail card in the form of Bebe.,0
Raúl de TomásRayo Vallecano · Striker #22De Tomas is the next player off for Rayo having drawn a blank against his former club, and he's replaced by a man adored in the Rojiblancos-supporting areas of the city, Radamel Falcao.,0
 touchline battle between Trejo and Camavinga is eventually halted by the referee's whistle, with the giving of a Rayo free-kick incensing Vinicius to the point that he's booked for dissent by the official!,2
Fran GarcíaReal Madrid · Defender #20Toni Kroos is next on for the Madridstas, replacing Fran Garcia in a change that will see the German stalwart operate from the base of midfield, and Camavinga move to left-back.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Los Blancos captain Modric comes off in their first change of the match, with the introduction of Rodrygo set to add a new dimension to the Madrid attack.,0
A wild mid-air clash between Camavinga and Palazon leaves both players down on the deck, with the Madrid midfielder shown the yellow card after the Rayo winger was caught in the face mid-jump!,2
Pathé CissRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #21After being cautioned, midfielder Ciss is also withdrawn, with his place in the Rayito side taken by Kike Perez.,0
Unai LópezRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #17Lopez comes off in the first change made by the visitors, and he'll be replaced in midfield by Oscar Trejo.,0
Ciss and Modric get tangled up in midfield and the Rayo midfielder looks to stop the ball for the free-kick he thinks is going his side's way, but the referee has other ideas and books the Senegalese international instead!,2
atiu and Vinicius come together in a shoulder-to-shoulder challenge, but the Rayo right-back is penalised for flicking his legs up after hitting the deck and catching the Madrid winger! That's a rather bizarre yellow card, and certainly won't make the battle down that side any easier for the Romanian!,2
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29And the goalscorer, Havertz, is also making way, with Azpilicueta replacing him.,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Chelsea's final change is a double one. Ziyech is taking his time going off the pitch as Kovacic comes on for him.,0
uehi is still complaining to the referee about Gallagher, and he's booked for his involvement.,2
The yellow card is out again, this time for Gallagher, who was running behind Clyne when he caught the defender's trailing foot.,2
Gallagher is on the floor again, this time after being caught clumsily from behind by Hughes. The Palace midfielder is booked.,2
Lewis HallChelsea · Defender #67Hall's attempt to carry on after pulling up lasts just over a minute, and he's now taken off and replaced by Koulibaly.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10And Eze is the final player taken off, with Edouard replacing him.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp is also making way, with Hughes coming on in his place.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Vieira is making a triple change in response to going behind. Ayew is the first to go off, with Mateta on for him.,0
Asst: H. ZiyechHAVERTZ SCORES! Gallagher's corner was taken short, and Ziyech picked out another wonderful delivery. There's a big crowd on the edge of the six-yard box, but Havertz just gets a yard on Doucoure and rises highest to thump a header past Guaita. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
Carney ChukwuemekaChelsea · Midfielder #30Chelsea are making their first change of the game as they look to break the deadlock. Chukwuemeka is taken off, with Aubameyang replacing him.,0
The ball was getting away from Eze so he slid in to stop Silva from getting to it instead. It's a poor challenge, and he's shown a yellow card for it.,2
orginho is the first Chelsea player in the book after stepping across Olise and catching him with a late challenge.,2
Clyne slides in on Mount from behind, and it's a poor challenge that results in him being shown a yellow card.,2
Joachim AndersenCrystal Palace · Defender #16Andersen made his way straight off the pitch after treatment, and now that Tomkins is ready, he comes on in his place.,0
Gallagher just gets to the ball in front of Doucoure, and the Palace midfielder takes him out with the follow-through. He receives the first booking of the game.,2
Olayinka goes down in the box under a challenge from Simakan and wants a penalty, but is instead shown a yellow card for dissent.,2
Milan RodićCrvena zvezda · Defender #23Red Star make their final substitution of the game to try and keep their Champions League campaign alive. They add another attacker to the mix, with Katai coming on for Rodic.,0
Xaver SchlagerRB Leipzig · Midfielder #24Schlager makes his way off the pitch with two assists to his name. Kampl replaces him in the midfield.,0
Amadou HaidaraRB Leipzig · Midfielder #8Leipzig know the moment is against them and are now making two changes to try and slow the game down. Haidara was everywhere in the midfield but is now coming off. Seiwald takes his place.,0
Vladimir LučićCrvena zvezda · Defender #37Red Star make a change. Mijatovic comes on for Lucic straight after Leipzig's second goal.,0
Asst: X. SchlagerGOALLL! OPENDA SCORES! 2-0 LEIPZIG! The away side might have secured their place in the last 16 of the Champions League with that goal. Schlager finds Openda on the counter, with the striker racing down the left side of the box before cutting inside. He then touches the ball out of his feet and drills a low shot beyond Glazer.,1
Xavi SimonsRB Leipzig · Midfielder #20Simons scored the only goal of the game so far and he is coming off after an excellent performance. Liverpool loanee Carvalho is given a chance to make an impression.,0
Lucic makes a late tackle on Haidara and goes into the book. That's Red Star's fourth yellow card of the match.,2
Benjamin ŠeškoRB Leipzig · Striker #30Rose has decided to change Leipzig's formation. He makes a defensive reinforcement, with Klostermann coming on for Sesko.,0
Emil ForsbergRB Leipzig · Midfielder #10Leipzig make a couple of alterations. Forsberg was busy before the break but has not been able to get on the ball much since the restart. He is replaced in the midfield by Baumgartner.,0
Mirko IvanićCrvena zvezda · Midfielder #4Red Star make their third change of the game. The hosts bring on a natural striker up front, with Olayinka replacing playmaker Ivanic.,0
Leipzig are losing some of their composure at the back. This time Henrichs is given a yellow card for a foul on Lucic.,2
Lukeba goes into the book for a push on Ndiaye on the wing. Leipzig are in a slight bit of trouble, with both of their centre-backs now on yellow cards.,2
imakan goes into the book after pulling Bukari's shirt. Red Star have the momentum in this half.,2
Srđan MijailovićCrvena zvezda · Defender #33Red Star make a couple of changes before the restart. Mijailovic was booked before the break and is now being replaced by Nedeljkovic.,0
Jean-Philippe KrassoCrvena zvezda · Striker #17Krasso was ineffective in the attack and is also coming off with a card to his name. Ndiaye is on.,0
Krasso loses possession and shows his frustration with a poor slide tackle on Simons. He then goes into the book.,2
Asst: X. SchlagerGOALLLL! SIMONS SCORES! 1-0 LEIPZIG! Leipzig open the scoring after a dominant start to the match. Simons collects the ball outside and rushes inside. He switches possession onto his right foot and curls his shot around Mijailovic and into the net.,1
uado is the next man into the book after chopping Dembele down outside the box. That was a reckless challenge, and it wouldn't have been a surprise to see a card of another colour.,2
Brian OlivánEspanyol · Defender #14Vidal replaces Olivan, who provoked those chaotic scenes with his foul on Lewandowski, as Espanyol look to waste some precious seconds.,0
Óscar GilEspanyol · Defender #2Espanyol make another change as Sanchez replaces Gil. Can they hang on to deny Barcelona victory?,0
Martin BraithwaiteEspanyol · Midfielder #17Braithwaite won't last the 90 minutes on his return to Barca, Simo is on in his place.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20Amid the chaos, Kounde replaces Roberto at right-back.,0
ANOTHER RED CARD! IT'S 10 AGAINST 10 HERE! Souza is shown a second yellow card for Espanyol in the aftermath of a foul on Lewandowski, which provoked a chaotic confrontation between both teams! Espanyol have squandered their numerical advantage!,3
RED CARD! BARCELONA HAVE LOST THEIR LEAD, AND THEY'VE NOW LOST ALBA! Lahoz continues to flash his yellow card, and Alba has talked himself into a second booking after Espanyol were awarded a free-kick! The Barca defender was in conversation with the referee while setting up a defensive wall for the kick, and he's clearly said something Lahoz didn't like!,3
edri now becomes the fifth player booked in a matter of moments following a foul in midfield. Lahoz has lost control of this fixture.,2
This is remarkable! Straight from kick-off, Barcelona attack and Torres goes down in search of a penalty. The referee has a long look... and books him for diving!,2
Alba is shown a yellow card amid the jubilant celebrations from Espanyol, which appear to have riled several Barca players.,2
Exposito is also cautioned for his role in an altercation between both sets of players.,2
Souza has followed his team-mate into the book! Lahoz has a reputation for wielding his cards easily, and he's doing so again here!,2
enalty GoalJOSELU SCORES! 1-1! Espanyol have barely mustered a chance in this game, but Joselu has levelled things up with his eighth goal of the season! The striker rolls his spot-kick straight down the middle, and Ter Stegen makes a despairing dive to his right. Game on!,1
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Striker #10That stoppage provides a chance for more Barca changes. Torres is on for Fati, who has been kept quiet by Espanyol.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Dembele is also on for his first appearance since he was withdrawn before half-time by France in the World Cup final. Raphinha goes off.,0
Nico MelamedEspanyol · Midfielder #21Melamed is also withdrawn, with Puado on in his place.,0
Fernando CaleroEspanyol · Midfielder #5Espanyol are making a double change here. Having just been booked, Calero is taken off for Exposito.,0
alero is cautioned for a cynical foul on De Jong, who was breaking down the left wing after Espanyol clumsily conceded possession in midfield.,2
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Busquets is the first substitute to enter the fray in this Catalan Derby, replacing Gavi in midfield. Xavi will hope the 18-year-old has avoided any lasting damage.,0
abrera is the next man cautioned for a clear block on Roberto. Espanyol need to regain their composure.,2
Gavi and Olivan clash in the penalty area before the corner is overhit by De Jong. The referee books both men.,2
Fati picks up the first yellow card of the game after appearing to throw an arm towards Gil as he shielded the ball in his own half. That's a needless foul, and it gives Espanyol a right-wing free-kick.,2
Asst: A. ChristensenGOAL! BARCA LEAD 1-0, AND ALONSO HAS HIS FIRST LEAGUE GOAL FOR THE CLUB! Espanyol defend the resulting corner terribly, with Christensen given a free header at the back post. The Denmark defender nods the ball across the six-yard box, where the unmarked Alonso powers a header home!,1
Sulemana’s late sliding challenge on Carboni gets him in trouble with the referee, who shows the substitute a yellow card.,2
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Seventeen-year old Carboni comes into the game for the final few minutes, giving Martinez a rest.,0
Josh DoigVerona · Midfielder #3Piccoli is given a chance to help his side overturn the result. Doig makes way.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Barella is given a 13-minute appearance, coming on for Mkhitaryan.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Dimarco is withdrawn as well, giving Gosens a chance to patrol the left wing.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Asllani will see out the remainder of the match with Calhanoglu making way.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9A change at striker for Inter sees Correa come on for Dzeko.,0
Paweł DawidowiczVerona · Defender #27The booked Dawidowicz is brought off by his coach almost immediately after the mix-up with Martinez which nearly led to an Inter goal. Magnani is sent on in relief.,0
Ivan IlićVerona · Midfielder #14A forward comes on for a midfielder as Lasagna and Ilic swap places.,0
Adrien TamezeVerona · Midfielder #61Tameze's match comes to an end five minutes after the hour. The experienced Veloso comes on in his place.,0
Yayah KallonVerona · Midfielder #30Sulemana comes on for Kallon three minutes before the hour mark.,0
ien is the second Verona defender to be shown a yellow card after his push takes down Martinez and prevents a possible Inter attack.,2
The first yellow card of the match is shown to Dawidowicz for a cynical challenge on Dzeko in midfield.,2
INTER OPEN THE SCORING! 1-0! The hosts take just under three minutes to break the deadlock through Martinez, who latches onto Gagliardini’s blocked shot before dispatching an off-balance effort that sneaks into the bottom of the far corner!,1
Weisshaupt trots over to set up the corner before leaving it for Holer to take. The referee books the substitute for wasting time.,2
Jonathan SchmidSC Freiburg · Defender #7Before the free-kick's taken, Freiburg's right-back Schmid goes off. Sildillia replaces him.,0
eyer's poor challenge earns him a yellow card. Freiburg get busy planning what they'll do with the free-kick.,2
sst: M. MuheimGOAL! HAMBURG 1-3 FREIBURG! Hamburg finally get a goal for all their positional dominance, but it's come far too late to affect the outcome. Glatzel guides a header into the top left corner from Muheim's left-wing cross.,1
Anssi SuhonenHamburger SV · Midfielder #36Suhonen's game is over. He's been Hamburg's best player. It's not his fault they lost this game in the first half. Chakvetadze replaces him.,0
Bakery JattaHamburger SV · Midfielder #18That's Jatta's last action of the game. The Swiss midfielder Muheim comes on for Hamburg.,0
Josha VagnomanHamburger SV · Defender #27Vagnoman's next to go off. Hamburg give Alidou a run-out for the last 10 minutes.,0
Vincenzo GrifoSC Freiburg · Midfielder #32Grifo, who killed the game by putting Freiburg 3-0 up with his penalty, also leaves the pitch. Weisshaupt comes on.,0
Jeong Woo-yeongSC Freiburg · Midfielder #29Freiburg substitution. Woo-Yeong goes off. Haberer comes on.,0
Hamburg's substitute Kaufmann catches Schlotterbeck with a high foot. That's another yellow card.,2
chlotterbeck lands his name in the book for stumbling into the onrushing Jatta from behind.,2
Ludovit ReisHamburger SV · Midfielder #14Hamburg make their first change of the game. Kaufmann comes on for the booked Reis.,0
Roland SallaiSC Freiburg · Midfielder #22Sallai heads off too. Holer replaces him for Freiburg.,0
Nils PetersenSC Freiburg · Striker #18Petersen makes way for Demirovic. He set Freiburg on their way with his opening goal, giving them a grip on this match they haven't relinquished since.,0
Hofler's the next player to be booked for a late tackle on Reis. There'll be a few substitutions now.,2
Gunter's booked for crudely shunting Glatzel off the ball as Hamburg attack down their right.,2
Reis is booked for deliberately handling the ball. He can have no complaints.,2
Meffert picks up the game's first yellow card for halting Grifo's counter-attacking run.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! HAMBURG 0-3 FREIBURG! This semi-final feels over as a contest already. Grifo steps up and dispatches the penalty kick confidently past Heuer Fernandes. It's hard to see a way back for Hamburg now.,1
GOAL! HAMBURG 0-2 FREIBURG! This may be Freiburg's time! Heuer Fernandes' pass out from a goal-kick is poor and Freiburg press his teammates immediately. Hofler shoots from the edge of the box and it takes a big deflection to loop over the goalline!,1
GOAL! HAMBURG 0-1 FREIBURG! The Bundesliga side have the lead through Petersen! The corner comes in and is kept alive by Lienhart. Heuer Fernandes flaps at the follow-up cross and the Freiburg striker nods it into the net before Hamburg's goalkeeper can recover! After a quick VAR check to make sure no one's offside, the goal stands!,1
Asst: D. DalotGOAL! Milan counter quickly catching Parma out and Leao scores a late third goal to make it 3-1! Dalot races forward and then lays it off to an unmarked Leao, who only had Sepe to beat and the striker made no mistakes with the finish, coolly sliding it into the bottom right corner of the net.,1
Andrea ContiParma · Defender #5Parma have also made a change, with Conti replaced by Traore.,0
Ante RebićMilan · Midfielder #12Rebic is the latest player to be replaced, with Leao coming onto the pitch.,0
Another yellow card, this time it is shown to Kessie, after his foul on Kuritc around the halfway line.,2
A late sliding challenge on Man down the left sees Hernandez booked.,2
Pierre KaluluMilan · Defender #20Kalulu is also coming off and he has been replaced by Gabbia.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluMilan · Midfielder #10Another double change by Milan now, with Calhanoglu one of those heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Krunic.,0
Giuseppe PezzellaParma · Defender #3The hosts have responded by making a change of their own, with Pezzella heading off and he has been replaced by Busi.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Milan have made a double substitution now, with Bennacer the first to come off and he is replaced by Meite.,0
sst: G. PellèGOAL! Parma have pulled one back, it’s 2-1! A long ball comes over the top of the Milan defence and Pelle just manages to get to it in time, heading it back across goal towards Gagliolo, who slides in and just gets to it ahead of Donnarumma and he pokes it into the back of the net. Game on!,1
Another Parma player in the book now, with Kucka the latest to be shown a yellow card after his foul on Hernandez.,2
HernaniParma · Midfielder #23Another Parma substitution now, with Hernani coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Grassi.,0
RED CARD! Ibrahimovic has been shown a straight red card and he is sent off! Milan are down to 10 men for the remaining half an hour. It looks like a Ibrahimovic has reacted badly to a free-kick being awarded, after Gagliolo fouls Calhanoglu and the striker has said something to the referee. The match official was quick to brandish the red card.,3
GervinhoParma · Striker #27Parma have made a change ahead of the second half, with Gervinho replaced by Cornelius.,0
Asst: T. HernándezGOAL! Milan double their lead just before the break, it’s 2-0! The visitors work it well, with a few quick, intricate passes on the edge of the box and they open up the Parma defence, with Hernandez sliding the ball through to Kessie just inside the penalty area and the midfielder had time and space to slot it into the bottom left corner of the net.,1
aelemaekers is brought down once again down the right, but this time by Gagliolo and he is also booked.,2
ezzella is booked for his challenge on Saelemaekers deep inside his own half and Milan now have a good opportunity from a set piece.,2
Calhanoglu is the first Milan player to be booked after his stamp on Kurtic, after the midfielder just got to the ball first and flicked it away from him.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Bani after he handles the ball deep inside his own half. Luckily, the Milan free-kick doesn't come to anything as Ibrahimovic is unable to get on the end of it.,2
Asst: Z. IbrahimovićGOAL! Rebic fires Milan into the lead and makes it 1-0! They work it up the pitch quickly and Ibrahimovic did well on the edge of the box, finding Rebic in space and he feeds him perfectly. The winger produced a quick turn and then powered the ball into the top right corner of the net, giving Sepe no chance of saving it.,1
Asst: C. PulisicGOOOOOOAAAAAAAL! LEAO DOES GET HIS GOAL! He's been desperate to get on the scoresheet following a frustrating run of form, and he does so in trademark fashion here, gliding into the area after receiving Pulisic's pass before drilling a low effort into the bottom-right corner. It's a great finish, and it's 4-1!,1
Now Azzi is booked for a hefty challenge on halfway. He's had an eventful outing off the bench!,2
Asst: A. ObertGOAL! Cagliari do get one back! Simic's loose pass puts Milan in trouble, and Cagliari substitute Azzi carries the ball towards the edge of the box. He fires off a low shot, which takes a deflection and nestles in the bottom-left corner, just out of Mirante's grasp! The visitors have something to celebrate at the end of a miserable outing.,1
Álex JiménezMilan · Defender #74Fellow 18-year-old Bartesaghi is also on, replacing Jimenez after a lively showing from the Spaniard.,0
Tijjani ReijndersMilan · Midfielder #14With the result surely secured, we're about to see two more Milan youngsters enter the fray. Eighteen-year-old midfielder Zeroli replaces the tireless Reijnders.,0
Alessandro Di PardoCagliari · Defender #99Di Pardo is also withdrawn after being booked earlier in the second half. Regular starter Zappa takes his place at right-back.,0
Marco MancosuCagliari · Midfielder #5Ranieri responds with two further changes of his own. Sulemana takes the place of Mancosu.,0
Luka RomeroMilan · Midfielder #18Pulisic is also sent on by Pioli, replacing another youngster in Romero.,0
Chaka TraorèMilan · Midfielder #70Traore gets a great reception as he makes way in Milan's second substitution, having marked his full debut with a goal. Leao is the man to replace him, in a very unwelcome sight for Cagliari.,0
Deiola becomes the second name in the book, pulling Romero back to prevent the youngster escaping over halfway.,2
Andrea PetagnaCagliari · Striker #32That will be Petagna's last involvement here as Ranieri turns to his bench. Pereiro replaces the former Napoli man in attack.,0
Jakub JanktoCagliari · Midfielder #21Ranieri makes it a double change, sending on Azzi for Jankto.,0
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Pioli turns to his bench first, handing Calabria a rest for the final 30 minutes. Florenzi replaces him at right-back as Hernandez takes the captain's armband.,0
Di Pardo is shown the first yellow card of the game for a cynical pull of Chukwueze's shirt. Milan had players forward on the break as the Nigerian scampered over halfway, and the Cagliari right-back had to stop him by any means.,2
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! TRAORE HAS HIS FIRST MILAN GOAL! It's surely game over now as one of the Rossoneri youngsters gets in on the act! Jimenez gets up on the overlap to cross, and Chukwueze sees his shot blocked at close quarters. Traore is there to keep it alive, shooting on the turn from near the penalty spot, and the ball squirms under Radunovic once again for 3-0!,1
Asst: T. HernándezGOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAL! JOVIC HAS TWO, BUT IT'S A MISTAKE FROM RADUNOVIC! Hernandez steals possession inside his own half, and perhaps forgetting his makeshift centre-back role, sets off on a trademark run upfield. He draws a defender before slipping the ball across the box for Jovic to hit on the stretch, and though it's straight at Radunovic, it squirms under his body and in for the Rossoneri's second goal!,1
Asst: T. HernándezGOOOOOAAAAAAAAAALLLL! JOVIC PUTS MILAN AHEAD! The Rossoneri make the breakthrough in this cup tie as Hernandez whips a deep cross towards the back post, where Hatzidiakos is just caught under the flight of the ball. Jovic brings it down somewhat awkwardly behind him, then tucks a neat left-footed finish under Radunovic to open the scoring!,1
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Roca replaces Goretzka for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Juan FoythVillarreal · Defender #8Aurier replaces Foyth for the closing stages of the game on the right flank for Villarreal.,0
Arnaut DanjumaVillarreal · Striker #15Danjuma made the decisive impact tonight and is now withdrawn from the action for Chukwueze.,0
Estupinan goes into the book for the home side for time-wasting.,2
Benjamin PavardBayern · Defender #5Sule replaces Pavard in perhaps an admission from Nagelsmann that his side cannot afford to concede again.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Gnabry is withdrawn for the visitors in the final third and is replaced by Sane.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Muller was ineffective in the final third tonight and is replaced by Goretzka.,0
Francis CoquelinVillarreal · Midfielder #19Coquelin could have put the Spanish side in control of the tie, but he was caught offside to deny Villarreal a second. He is now withdrawn for Pedraza down the left flank.,0
Asst: D. ParejoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! DANJUMA FIRES VILLARREAL AHEAD!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as Danjuma steers a scuffed strike from Parejo past Neuer from close range. Gerard sends Lo Celso down the right flank, and he cuts a dangerous cross back for Parejo. The midfielder swings a leg at the ball, but doesn't make clean contact. Danjuma gambles and latches onto the ball before guiding an effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
sst: S. LinoGOAL!!! IT IS 6-0 TO ATLETICO!!! Llorente's deep cross finds Lino at the back post, who fires a first-time volley goalwards. It falls into the path of Saul, who scuffs his first effort but makes no mistake with the second, poking into the roof of the net to add another!,1
José María GiménezAtlético Madrid · Defender #2Simeone shuffles the pack by bringing on Soyuncu for Gimenez.,0
Asst: S. LinoGOAL!!! MORATA MAKES IT 5-0!!! It is another stunning goal, as Koke loops a ball into Lino. The substitute brings it down with his chest and lays it off to Morata, who scores his second of the game by sending a drive fizzing past Hart and into the top corner. Atletico are 5-0 up!,1
Nahuel MolinaAtlético Madrid · Defender #16Atletico bring on a previous winner of this competition as Azpilicueta replaces Molina.,0
Callum McGregorCeltic · Midfielder #42Perhaps an admission that the game is up, Rodgers takes off his captain as McGregor makes way for Iwata.,0
Asst: A. MorataGOAL!!! LINO SCORES ALMOST INSTANTLY!!! Just seconds after coming off the bench, Lino fires home Atletico's fourth with a stunning goal. He receives the ball out wide, cuts inside before arrowing past Hart and in. It is 4-0 to the hosts, who are really flexing their attacking muscles now.,1
Rodrigo RiquelmeAtlético Madrid · Defender #25Riquelme has been lively down the left, but he trudges off for Lino.,0
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #7Griezmann has been absolutely exceptional, but now makes way for Saul. No player has created more chances than Griezmann's four, playing a part in all three goals, and he has just been too good for Celtic here.,0
Kyogo FuruhashiCeltic · Striker #8Kyogo is replaced by Yang. Kyogo managed just eight touches, the lowest among the 22 starters. Maeda had double the touches of Kyogo, and he was sent off in the 23rd minute.,0
Paulo BernardoCeltic · Midfielder #28Turnbull is on for Bernardo, who failed to have a shot or create a chance in his time on the field.,0
OAL!!! GRIEZMANN HAS HIS SECOND!!! Just seconds after flashing wide, Griezmann makes it 3-0 with a sublime finish. Molina's cross is nodded back into the danger area by Johnston, and Griezmann fires an acrobatic finish into the back of the net, giving Hart no chance!,1
Pablo BarriosAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #24Both teams make changes at the break. Simeone brings on Llorente for Barrios.,0
Luis PalmaCeltic · Striker #7Rodgers puts on Oh for Palma, who was on a yellow card and had struggled to make much of an impact.,0
Asst: J. GiménezGOAL!!! MORATA MAKES IT 2-0!!! It all comes from the quality of Griezmann, who floats a delightful diagonal ball into the Celtic box. It picks out Gimenez at the back post, and he nods back across goal for Morata, who prods home from close range to make it 2-0 moments before half-time!,1
alma is booked for dissent after reacting angrily to the referee's decision to penalise Scales for a foul.,2
MAEDA IS SENT OFF!!! Things get worse for Celtic as the lively Maeda is given his marching orders for the challenge on Hermoso. His foot is high, but there does not seem to be much contact. It is a harsh one, and the visitors are now right up against it.,3
OAL!!! GRIEZMANN PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD!!! A throw-in deep in Celtic territory is cleared, but only to the waiting Griezmann near the edge of the box. The France international brings it down before lashing goalwards, and the shot takes a deflection off Carter-Vickers before flying past Hart and in. What a start for the hosts as they take a 1-0 lead!,1
Asst: A. SaelemaekersGOOOOAAAALLL!! GAME OVER!! 3-1!! Verona were pushing forward for the equaliser and Milan can break. Leao picks up the ball inside his own half before driving up the pitch. He combines with Saelemaekers before rounding Montipo and slamming the ball into the empty net.,1
Mike MaignanMilan · Goalkeeper #16A rare goalkeeper substitution as Maignan makes way with Mirante coming on for his Milan debut.,0
Hien strides forward but a reckless foul from Hernandez draws a yellow card.,2
Asst: F. TomoriGOOOOOAAAAAALLL!! MILAN BACK AHEAD!! 2-1!! Could that be the dagger to the heart of Verona's survival hopes? Leao is left in acres of space as he drives forward with the ball. He's invited to shoot and he makes no mistake with a crisp low strike which squirms past the outstretched right glove of Montipo in the away goal. As things stand, Verona are relegated.,1
Juan David CabalVerona · Defender #32Verona follow suit with their own double change. First off is Cabal with Dawidowicz on in his place.,0
Ibrahim SulemanaVerona · Midfielder #77Sulemana also comes off with Abildgaard introduced late on.,0
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2A double change for Milan as Calabria makes way for Florenzi.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Messias also makes way and is replaced by Saelemaekers.,0
Cyril NgongeVerona · Striker #26Verona make another change as Ngonge makes way for Gaich.,0
sst: D. LazovićGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! VERONA ARE LEVEL!! 1-1!! How massive could that goal be?! The throw-in catches Milan off guard and Lazovic is able to dink the ball across goal from the byline. Faraoni bears down on the far post and outmuscles Hernandez in the air to head home.,1
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Diaz, in what could be his last appearance for the club, also makes way and is replaced by De Ketelaere.,0
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33Krunic can't continue and is replaced by Pobega as Milan make their first change.,0
Another yellow for Verona after Cabal's reckless challenge on Messias.,2
Sulemana hauls down Diaz in midfield and is shown a yellow card.,2
Miguel VelosoVerona · Midfielder #4Veloso also comes off with attacking midfielder Lazovic introduced as Verona chase an equaliser.,0
Milan ĐurićVerona · Striker #19A double change from Verona sees Djuric make way for Verdi.,0
The first yellow card of the game arrives after Magnani's late challenge on Leao.,2
enalty GoalGOOOOAAAAALLL!!! MILAN LEAD!! 1-0!! Giroud steps up, sends the keeper the wrong way and smashes it into the left-hand corner of the goal. Verona concede on the brink of half-time and it's now an uphill battle for them to remain in Serie A.,1
Lukas LeragerCopenhagen · Midfielder #12Copenhagen's latest substitution sees Lerager replaced by Sorensen.,0
Asst: R. MahrezGOAAALLL - MANCHESTER CITY 5-0 COPENHAGEN - Alvarez gets his goal, and he could not miss from point-blank range. Grealish did all the work as he carried the ball into the box before playing in Mahrez. The Algeria international cut his pass back into Alvarez, who tapped in from five yards out. Just when Copenhagen appear close to scoring, City put them back in their place.,1
Viktor ClaessonCopenhagen · Midfielder #7Copenhagen boss Jacob Neestrup alters his forward line, with Mukairu coming on for Claesson.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Guardiola hands another Champions League debut out, with Wilson-Esbrand on in place of Silva.,0
Kevin DiksCopenhagen · Defender #2Further changes for Copenhagen as Diks makes way for Ankersen.,0
João CanceloMan City · Defender #717-year-old Lewis makes his Champions League debut, replacing Cancelo with over 30 minutes to go.,0
Mohamed DaramyCopenhagen · Striker #15Haraldsson is introduced into the game, with Daramy making way.,0
Penalty GoalEASY! MANCHESTER CITY 4-0 COPENHAGEN - Mahrez marks his 200th appearance for Manchester City with a goal, which is his first of the season. Grabara committed himself to the opposite corner, allowing Mahrez to smash the ball into the bottom left corner.,1
The referee spots a blatant foul from Stamenic in the penalty area as he brings down Laporte in the penalty area. It will be Mahrez to take the spot-kick...,2
Mamoudou KaramokoCopenhagen · Striker #29Karamoko, who was a surprise starter tonight, is replaced at the break by Jensen.,0
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9No hat-trick for Haaland as he is given a rest, with Palmer on for the second half.,0
OAAAALLL - MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 COPENHAGEN - Make that 28 goals in 22 Champions League appearances for Haaland as he taps into an empty net from a corner. Cancelo's powerful shot from the edge of the box was palmed away by Grabara, but he could only tee up Haaland, who waited to set himself before tapping home. So easy for the former Borussia Dortmund man!,1
OAAAALLL - MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 COPENHAGEN - Who else? Haaland opens the scoring for the home side as he converts Cancelo's cross into the bottom corner. The Copenhagen defence switched off, and Haaland curled his effort past Grabara.,1
Declan RiceArsenal · Midfielder #41After taking his goal involvement tally for the season into double figures, Rice is given a well-earned breather as he is replaced by Trossard.,0
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4White is also given a breather by Arteta. Cedric goes on in his place at right-back.,0
JorginhoArsenal · Midfielder #20There is also a welcome return for Partey, who makes his first appearance since October with Jorginho making way.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Meanwhile, Arsenal make three subs. Jesus makes his return as he replaces Martinelli in the first of these.,0
Anel AhmedhodžićSheffield United · Defender #15The Blades make a change with Ahmedhodzic handing over the captain's armband as he is replaced by Arblaster.,0
sst: K. HavertzWHITE!!! 6-0 ARSENAL! Six goals, six different scorers. The Gunners continue to run their opponents ragged. With good centre-forward play in the box, Havertz holds the ball up before laying it off to White, who fires a brilliant left-footed shot into Grbic's bottom-right corner.,1
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9McBurnie, who had scored or assisted in his last five home Premier League appearances, also goes off to be replaced by Osula.,0
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28McAtee also makes way for the hosts with the more experienced Baldock taking his place.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Arsenal make a change at the break with Vieira coming on to replace Saka.,0
Tom DaviesSheffield United · Midfielder #22Meanwhile, United make three alterations in a bid to steady the ship. The first sees Brooks replace Davies.,0
Asst: B. SakaRICE!!! 5-0 ARSENAL! The rout continues as a neat throughball releases Saka down the right again. The England winger has the presence of mind to pull it back for his international team-mate, who arrives to brilliantly steer a first-time shot past the helpless Grbic.,1
The hosts' frustration is epitomised by Bogle, who is late on Odegaard with a reckless sliding challenge. The right-back can have no complaints at going into the book.,2
Asst: G. MartinelliHAVERTZ!!! 4-0! It gets better and better for Arsenal! Another devastating counter by the Gunners sees Martinelli help the ball into the path of the German, who advances into the area before drilling a fierce shot across Grbic and into his bottom-left corner.,1
Oliver NorwoodSheffield United · Midfielder #16In what appears to be an attempt at damage limitation, Wilder turns to the bench already and Norwood is the player to make way with Osborn taking his place.,0
Asst: J. KiwiorMARTINELLI!!! 3-0! It's far too easy for Arsenal! A swift counter by the Gunners sees Odegaard sweep the ball out to Martinelli. The Brazil international plays a one-two with Kiwior, before his deflected shot leaves Grbic with no chance.,1
DEGAARD!!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The visitors are off to a flier at Bramall Lane. Arsenal make their early pressure count and a neat move culminates in Martinelli threading the ball through into the area for Rice. The latter shows great awareness to pull it back into the centre, where an unmarked Odegaard arrives to tuck home from eight yards out.,1
WHAT A GOAL! Fernandinho was too casual on the edge of his own box as he chested the ball down and Lanzini is quickly in to nick it off him. He takes a touch before lifting a brilliant shot over Ederson and into the far top corner for a late consolation. 2-1! ,1
Asst: İ. GündoğanFERNANDINHO SCORES! West Ham have a chance to get out after Lanzini wins the ball back, but Bowen gifts it straight back to City. Gundogan touches it to Fernandinho in the middle, who is in acres of space, and he coolly slots his shot past Fabianski into the back of the net. 2-0 City! ,1
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7City are making a defensive change as the end of the game ticks closer, with Fernandinho coming on to replace Sterling. ,0
Arthur MasuakuWest Ham · Midfielder #26Final roll of the dice for West Ham now as Bowen is brought on in place of Masuaku.,0
Aaron CresswellWest Ham · Defender #3Cresswell was slowly being led around the edge of the pitch, and this time he is being taken off. He's taken straight down the tunnel, with Coufal replacing him.,0
Cancelo has two attempts at trying to trip Fornal, catching him with the second tackle, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22West Ham are making a change here, but it isn't Cresswell going off even though he's still receiving treatment on the sidelines. Benrahma does make way, with Lanzini on to replace him.,0
UNDOGAN SCORES! It's a lovely switch of play from Cancelo firstly to pick out Mahrez on the right, and he cuts into the box before fizzing a dangerous low cross in. Gundogan is waiting at the far post, and he manages to flick it past Dawson in front of him and into the goal. 1-0 City! ,1
Laporte is scrambling back with Antonio and takes out the forward from behind with a poor challenge. He's protesting his innocence, but he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Riedewald picks up a late yellow card for a poor challenge on McTominay.,2
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #25Palace substitution. Eze makes way for Schlupp who'll offer more cover down Palace's left.,0
Edinson CavaniMan United · Striker #7Solskjaer clearly wants more pace from United. James comes on for the quiet Cavani. ,0
FredMan United · Midfielder #17United make a change. McTominay is on for Fred. It's not particularly inspiring.,0
James McCarthyCrystal Palace · Midfielder #22Palace make the first substitution of the game. Riedewald replaces McCarthy in central midfield.,0
Téji Tedy SavanierMontpellier · Midfielder #11Savanier scored Montpelier's penalty but is now being replaced by Jullien.,0
Asst: VitinhaGOALLLL! MENDES SCORES! 6-2 PSG! The visitors add another goal to their tally! Vitinha collects the ball on the left and rolls a pass into Mendes, who rushes into the box. The left-back is in space, and he blasts his effort into the top-left corner.,1
Mendes is shown a yellow card after fouling Savanier, who goes down holding his face and needs medical treatment.,2
Lucas MincarelliMontpellier · Defender #35Montpellier make a switch at left-back, with Mincarelli coming off for Sacko.,0
Lee Kang-inPSG · Midfielder #19Lee scored PSG's fourth goal with a delightful effort from the edge of the box and is now being given a rest. Youngster Mayulu is on.,0
Lucas BeraldoPSG · Defender #35Beraldo is on a yellow card and makes his way off the pitch. Mukiele takes his place at centre-back.,0
sst: VitinhaGOALLLL! HAT-TRICK FOR MBAPPE! 5-2 PSG! Another great goal from the captain! Vitinha lofts a ball over the top of Montpellier's defence and through to Mbappe, who takes a great touch inside the box before thundering his effort into the top-left corner.,1
Randal Kolo MuaniPSG · Striker #23PSG make two switches. Kolo Muani is on his way off after registering two assists and is replaced up front by Ramos.,0
Bradley BarcolaPSG · Striker #29Zaire-Emery is on for Barcola, who got the assist for Mbappe sublime second goal.,0
Arnaud NordinMontpellier · Midfielder #7Fayad also replaces Nordin, who scored Montpellier's first goal.,0
Wahbi KhazriMontpellier · Striker #10Khazri has been unselfish with his running up front but hasn’t been able to make an impact since getting a shot cleared off the line before the break. Tamari is on.,0
Tanguy CoulibalyMontpellier · Midfielder #70Montellieper make a change to try and get back into the contest. Coulibaly won a penalty in the first half but is now coming off for Adams.,0
Asst: R. Kolo MuaniGOALLLL! LEE SCORES! 4-2 PSG! What a finish from Lee to restore PSG's two-goal lead! Lee holds onto possession on the edge of the box before playing a quick one-two with Kolo Muani. He sprints to the left to receive the ball again and whips a left-footed shot across the goal and into the left corner.,1
sst: B. BarcolaGOALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM MBAPPE! 3-2 PSG! What a way for the Ligue 1 leaders to take the lead! Mbappe collects the ball just outside the box on the left and is not put under pressure by any Montpelier defenders. He takes his time and whips his shot across the goal and towards the top-right corner, with his effort hitting the underside of the bar before going into the net.,1
Lucas HernándezPSG · Defender #21Luis Enrique spotted that Hernandez was struggling with Nordin. As a result, he is off for Mendes, who takes his place at left-back.,0
Donnarumma is shown a yellow card for dissent. He gave away the penalty for a poor tackle on Coulibaly.,2
Penalty GoalGOALLLL! SAVANIER SCORES! 2-2! What a moment for Montpellier, who have come from two goals behind to level! Savanier thunders his right-footed penalty into the top-left corner. Donnarumma dives the right way, but he is beaten by the power and accuracy of the strike.,1
The first yellow card goes to PSG's Beraldo after he crashes into Savanier, who was jumping for the ball in the air just inside Montpellier's half.,2
OALLLL! MONTPELLIER GET ONE BACK! Ferri has possession on the left, and he whips an inviting cross into the middle of the box. Pereira dives across to get a touch on it, but he sends it straight to Nordin, who has a simple finish from close range. PSG lead 2-1.,1
sst: R. Kolo MuaniGOALLLL! MBAPPE SCORES! 2-0 PSG! What a move from PSG! Mbappe feeds the ball through to Kolo Muani on the left, and he holds onto possession well before returning it to the forward, who speeds around him on the outside. The captain takes a good touch from a narrow angle and curls his right-footed shot across the goal and into the bottom-right corner.,1
Asst: K. MbappeGOALLLL! VITINHA SCORES! 1-0 PSG! The away side are ahead! PSG take a corner short on the right and wait for an opening, with Mbappe curling a pass out to Vitinha on the edge of the box. The Portugal international is in space, and he whips a low, right-footed striker into the bottom-right corner.,1
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9Late Leicester substitution now, with Vardy coming off the pitch with a knock and he has been replaced up top by Iheanacho.,0
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Midfielder #15Leicester substitution now, with Barnes the man coming off and he has been replaced by Praet.,0
nother booking now, this time it is shown to Winks, after he stops Maddison in his tracks as he looks to turn and set up another Leicester attack.,2
Dier is booked after he fouls Barnes and then argues the decision with the referee and he may have been booked for dissent, rather than the challenge itself.,2
Ndidi is booked for his late challenge on Bale, handing Spurs a free-kick in a decent shooting position.,2
Serge AurierTottenham · Defender #24Third and final Tottenham substitution now, with Aurier heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Winks.,0
Timothy CastagneLeicester City · Defender #27Leicester make their first substitution of the game now, with Castagne coming off and he has been replaced by Amartey.,0
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18Tottenham have been forced into making a change, with Lo Celso coming off with an injury and he has been replaced by Moura.,0
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Tottenham have made a substitution at the break, with Ndombele the man replaced by Bale.,0
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Leicester lead 1-0! Vardy converts from the penalty spot, he smashes the ball straight down the middle. What a finish to the end of the first half for Leicester.,1
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Albrighton after he tries to stop a Spurs counter, by catching Kane. The referee allowed play to continue, with Tottenham going on the attack, but he then came back and booked the Leicester man.,2
JoelintonNewcastle · Midfielder #7Joelinton is replaced on the wing by Murphy.,0
Luke AylingLeeds United · Defender #2Ayling can't overcome his injury and he's replaced by Shackleton.,0
Javier ManquilloNewcastle · Defender #19Manquillo jogs off to be replaced by Krafth.,0
RaphinhaLeeds United · Midfielder #10Raphinha makes way for Summerville after a superb attacking display. ,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Newcastle also make a change: Fraser comes on for Almiron.  ,0
Daniel JamesLeeds United · Midfielder #20James is replaced by Roberts in attack.,0
Rodrigo is booked after cynically hauling Almiron over near the halfway line.    ,2
Asst: JoelintonSAINT-MAXIMIN! 1-1! Newcastle equalise. Joelinton feeds a neat pass into Saint-Maximin inside the box, and the attacker takes it from there. Saint-Maximin feints and weaves through a number of challenges, before engineering just enough space to shoot and firing a low effort across goal and in from 10 yards.,1
Almiron is shown a yellow card after the referee judged that he'd dived near the centre-circle.,2
Asst: P. BamfordRAPHINHA! 1-0! Leeds take a deserved early lead. The visitors pour forward again and Bamford feeds Raphinha out wide. Raphinha jinks inside before whipping in a dangerous cross that misses Rodrigo before nestling into the far bottom corner! ,1
Ritchie is shown a yellow card after clattering into Raphinha near the touchline.   ,2
Marcelo is shown a late yellow card for charging through Alcaraz.,2
Sergio ReguilónReal Madrid · Defender #23Solari looks to wind the match down and secure the victory as Reguilon is replaced by Marcelo.  ,0
Raphaël VaraneReal Madrid · Defender #5Varane is given early rest as he is taken off for Vallejo with two minutes left. ,0
Óscar PlanoValladolid · Midfielder #10Unal is the last Real Valladolid player to be introduced from the bench, taking the spot of Plano. ,0
Asst: K. BenzemaMODRIC MAKES IT FOUR! The Croatia international starts the attack with a pass into the channel for Benzema, who gets on the end of it and returns a pass to Modric. The midfielder charges into the penalty area and dances past Joaquin Fernandez before dispatching his shot into the net - beating Masip in the process! Real Madrid further their advantage with a man less on the pitch! ,1
CASEMIRO IS SENT OFF! This match has had just about everything as the Brazil international is given his marching orders for a second yellow card! He gives away a foul in midfield which the referee does not choose to book him for, but Casemiro then does not allow the requisite space for Michel to take the free-kick, instead blocking the delivery and kicking it away. The match official takes exception to this and books the Real Madrid player – after already showing him a yellow earlier in the match! ,3
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Solari counters with a change of his own as Valverde replaces Kroos with just over 15 minutes remaining.,0
KekoValladolid · Midfielder #24Cop replaces Keko in Real Valladolid’s second alteration of the match.,0
Casemiro is booked for charging into Plano on the left-hand side with no intent to win the ball.,2
Courtois is given a yellow card for wasting time during a goal-kick.,2
Anuar Mohamed TuhamiValladolid · Midfielder #23Mohamed is replaced, taken off 63 minutes into a match in which he found his first LaLiga goal. Verde is the chosen replacement.   ,0
Frustrations are beginning to spill over as Nacho Martinez is booked for a challenge in midfield following Real Madrid’s third goal.  ,2
sst: T. KroosBENZEMA MAKES IT 3-1 AS REAL MADRID BEGIN TO PULL AWAY! The 11th corner-kick of the day for the visitors leads to a goal as Kroos’ perfectly weighted delivery finds Benzema free in the centre of the penalty area. The striker directs a routine header towards the bottom-right corner which beats Masip!,1
enalty GoalGOAL! BENZEMA MAKES IT 2-1! The Real Madrid captain makes no mistake as he slots his penalty into the bottom-right corner, which gives his side their first lead of the match!  ,1
Reguilon is shown a yellow card late in the first half for a sliding challenge on Alcaraz which ends fears of a Real Valladolid counter-attack.,2
sst: NachoREAL MADRID PULL IT BACK TO 1-1! Kroos’ corner is whipped in, looking for Casemiro. The Brazil international nods his header downwards, sending it high off the bounce for both Nacho Fernandez and Masip to contest. The Real Madrid centre-back gets the slightest of touches which allows Varane to tap it home from close range!,1
Asst: S. GuardiolaREAL VALLADOLID SCORE – AND IT WILL COUNT! Real Madrid don’t heed the warning signs as Keko whips a sensational ball to the far post for Guardiola, who plays it across the face of goal with a diving poke. From there, it’s a simple tap-in for Mohamed who turns it past Courtois to make it 1-0 for the hosts!,1
Frabotta catches Rispoli with a pretty poor challenge and is rightly cautioned. The Juve substitute has no complaints.,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22Chiesa is also replaced by Di Pardo as the subs keep coming thick and fast.,0
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Alex Sandro has put in a good shift down the left today and has been replaced late on by Frabotta.,0
Samuel Di CarmineCrotone · Striker #54Another change for Crotone now as Riviere is brought on in place of Di Carmine.,0
Dejan KulusevskiJuventus · Striker #44Morata is given a 15-minute run-out at the end of the game as he takes over from Kulusevski.,0
Aaron RamseyJuventus · Midfielder #8That miss will be Ramsey's last involvement in the game. Bernardeschi is brought on in his place.,0
Adam OunasCrotone · Striker #7Ounas has started to look a little tired and has now been replaced by Simy.,0
Salvatore MolinaCrotone · Midfielder #17Molina is off and Zanellato on in his place as Stroppa makes another change.,0
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Bentancur is given a breather for the final 20 minutes. Fagioli is introduced in his place.,0
Arkadiusz RecaCrotone · Midfielder #69Reca, who has come as close as any Crotone player to scoring today, is replaced by Rispoli.,0
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 3-0 CROTONE!! Ronaldo is denied by Cordaz when played through on goal but Juve find a way through from the subsequent corner. De Ligt heads the ball down and it bounces into the path of McKennie to blast into the roof of the net.,1
Kulusevski does brilliantly to get away from Marrone. The Crotone substitute then hauls down his opponent to give away a free-kick in a good crossing position.,2
Danilo catches Di Carmine on the boot and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Sebastiano LupertoCrotone · Defender #13Crotone have made a change at half-time, with the injured Luperto being replaced by Marrone.,0
sst: A. RamseyGOOOAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 2-0 CROTONE!! Ronaldo's powerful drive from 30 yards is pushed to one side by Cordaz. Ramsey gets on the loose ball, sends a cross to the edge of the six-yard box and Ronaldo is there waiting to head past Cordaz for his second goal of the contest.,1
sst: A. SandroGOOOOAAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 1-0 CROTONE!! Pirlo's men have stepped things up and have found a way through from their first attempt on target. Alex Sandro's cross towards the edge of the six-yard box is met by the head of Ronaldo and the Portuguese forward picks his spot past Cordaz.,1
amsey loses the ball and, in a desperate attempt to win it back, he completely takes out Ounas. A clear yellow card.,2
Mohammed KudusWest Ham · Midfielder #14A late change for the home side as Kudus is replaced by Cornet for the final minutes.,0
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16A late change for Bournemouth as Tavernier makes way for Faivre who makes his first start since returning from his loan spell at Lorient.,0
ook commits a rather cynical foul on Ings down the right side as the Hammers striker looks to break away. The midfielder is shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Lloyd KellyBournemouth · Defender #5Kerkez will replace Kelly as he hobbles off the pitch.,0
Bowen flies into a fifty-fifty challenge with Zabarnyi but catches the defender late. It will be a yellow card for the West Ham forward.,2
Kalvin PhillipsWest Ham · Midfielder #11West Ham also make a change as Phillips departs after a mixed debut. Former Cherries man Ings comes on in his place.,0
Alex ScottBournemouth · Midfielder #14Scott also makes way, with Kluivert replacing him.,0
Antoine SemenyoBournemouth · Midfielder #24Bournemouth make a double change as Semenyo departs for Sinisterra.,0
Kudus is causing real problems down his West Ham right. He draws another foul and this time Christie is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
enalty GoalGOOOAAAALLL!! WEST HAM EQUALISE! 1-1! Neto dives to his right but Ward-Prowse smashes it down the middle and the home side are level.,1
OAAALLL!! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD! 1-0! What a nightmare start in a West Ham shirt for Phillips. The Englishman is caught in possession on the edge of his box and, under pressure from Christie, gifts the ball to Solanke who slots home past Areola. The goal was initially ruled out for offside but the final touch came off the West Ham midfielder so the goal stands.,1
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20The last of the changes sees Bobb replace Silva.,0
Joško GvardiolMan City · Defender #24Gvardiol also makes way for City, with Ake on for the final moments.,0
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9The visitors make a triple-change. Haaland is given a breather with Lewis coming on.,0
Jérémy DokuMan City · Midfielder #11Doku is given a well-earned rest as he goes off to be replaced by Gomez.,0
Vladimír CoufalWest Ham · Defender #5West Ham make two changes. One of them sees Kehrer replace Coufal.,0
Tomáš SoučekWest Ham · Midfielder #28Ings is also introduced by Moyes with Soucek making way.,0
sst: B. SilvaHAALAND!!! 3-1 CITY! Haaland gets his goal! Silva is found by Julian Alvarez in acres of space on the right. The winger comes inside and picks out Haaland, who takes a touch before drilling past Areola.,1
Asst: J. ÁlvarezSILVA!!! 2-1 CITY! The turnaround is complete! After Nunes' cross is cleared, City maintain the pressure. Silva latches onto Julian Alvarez's scooped pass, before clipping the ball beyond Areola.,1
Edson ÁlvarezWest Ham · Midfielder #19Benrahma also replaces Edson Alvarez, who is unable to continue after picking up a knock.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47City make a change as well. Nunes comes on for his debut in place of Foden.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Moyes is going to make a change. Kudus is introduced for the hosts with Antonio making way.,0
Asst: J. ÁlvarezDOKU!!! 1-1! CITY ARE LEVEL! After a brilliant first half, Doku makes a superb start to the second. Found by Julian Alvarez, he cuts inside and into the area before sweeping the ball into the far corner.,1
Edson Alvarez throws the ball away to prevent City from taking a quick free-kick, and is booked.,2
sst: V. CoufalWARD-PROWSE!!! 1-0 WEST HAM! The hosts lead against the run of play! West Ham quickly break as Coufal exchanges passes with Bowen and gets away down the right. The full-back then provides a brilliant cross to the far post, where the unmarked Ward-Prowse buries a header.,1
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Kean replaces Mbappe, who had a quiet evening by his standards.,0
NeymarPSG · Striker #10Neymar is replaced in the closing stages of the game by Sarabia.,0
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21Herrera is withdrawn for Verratti in the middle of PSG midfield.,0
Herrera lunges in on Poulsen as the Dane charges forward and goes into the book.,2
Rafinha clips Haidara on the edge of the Leipzig box and goes into the book.,2
Emil ForsbergRB Leipzig · Midfielder #10Forsberg is withdraw in the final third for Sorloth for Leipzig.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11Di Maria is withdrawn for Rafinha and he does not look impressed with his manager.,0
Dani OlmoRB Leipzig · Midfielder #25Kluivert comes on to replace Olmo in the final third for the German outfit.,0
aredes talks himself into a booking after disagreeing with the referee about Neymar's yellow card.,2
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NEYMAR CONVERTS!!!! 1-0!!!! The Brazilian holds his composure from 12 yards to beat the outstretched hand of Gulacsi. Neymar takes an age with his run-up and stutter steps before striking his effort away from the Leipzig keeper into the bottom-right corner.,1
Forsberg tries to lunge for the ball on the edge of the PSG box, but catches Paredes with his boot. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Adama TraoréWolves · Striker #37After that block, Traoré is taken off, and on comes Fábio Silva.,0
Francisco TrincãoWolves · Striker #11Off comes Trincao for Wolves, and the much more defensively-minded Leander Dendoncker enters the fray.,0
Traore latches onto a loose ball and looks to break, but he's hauled down by a clumsy challenge from Burn, who's booked.,2
Yves BissoumaBrighton · Midfielder #8The booked Bissouma is also withdrawn, and in his place comes Adam Lallana.,0
Enock MwepuBrighton · Midfielder #12Graham Potter changes both Brighton holding midfielders as Mwepu is replaced by Taylor Richards.,0
issouma raises a boot high to win a loose ball, but ends up catching Marcal instead. It's a nasty one, and he's given the game's first booking.,2
Aaron ConnollyBrighton · Striker #7Off comes Connolly in Brighton's first change, and Alexis Mac Allister comes on to take his place.,0
Asst: R. NevesGOOOOALLLLLL!!!! Wolves take the lead!!! A second corner isn't hit at all well, but deflects out to Neves. He dinks a pass over the wall of Brighton defenders, and Saiss is first to it to volley the ball past Sanchez and into the net! 1-0 to the visitors, and no one saw that coming!,1
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Striker #26That change does come, as Hwang comes off for Adama Traoré.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2One final alteration for Real Madrid sees striker Mariano introduced for Carvajal.,0
Jon MoncayolaOsasuna · Midfielder #7Arrasate makes three changes in one go, with Sanchez in for Moncayola.,0
Ignacio Vidal MirallesOsasuna · Defender #2Hernandez is also sent onto the pitch with eight minutes left, taking over for Vidal.,0
Kike GarcíaOsasuna · Striker #18Kike Garcia is replaced shortly after picking up a booking, with Budimir on in his stead.,0
Kike Garcia comes across to remonstrate with the referee, giving him his opinion of the overturned decision. It won't change his mind however as the striker is shown a yellow.,2
ND HE'S OFF! Not only has the referee pointed to the spot and awarded Real Madrid a penalty, but David Garcia is given his marching orders 12 minutes from time! Osasuna down to 10 men!,3
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Asensio will add fresh legs to the midfield with Kroos withdrawn after 74 minutes.,0
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Ancelotti makes a change in his defence with Militao replacing Mendy.,0
Darko BrašanacOsasuna · Midfielder #8Oroz comes on for Brasanac in Osasuna’s first change of the game.,0
Abde EzzalzouliOsasuna · Midfielder #12A swap on the wing sees Ezzalzouli's match come to an end as Pena is introduced.,0
Aurélien TchouaméniReal Madrid · Midfielder #18Ancelotti makes it two changes at one juncture with Valverde also on for Tchouameni.,0
Dani CeballosReal Madrid · Midfielder #19Real Madrid make a change minutes after conceding, with Camavinga in for Ceballos.,0
Asst: U. GarcíaOSASUNA HAVE THEIR EQUALISER! 1-1! Unai Garcia puts a cross into the penalty area from a position deep on the right wing which allows Kike Garcia to attack it. The striker rises above Rudiger and nods his finish into the top corner!,1
Ceballos receives a yellow card for a stomp on the foot of Torro after the Real Madrid midfielder's first touch let him down.,2
Asst: D. AlabaHOW HAS THAT GONE IN?! 1-0 REAL MADRID! Real Madrid take a corner from the right short, moving the ball to the far side for Vinicius. The Brazil international teases a low, bouncing cross into the penalty area which somehow gets by the entire crowd of bodies and past Herrera into the far corner!,1
Asst: R. PereiraIHEANACHO WINS IT AT THE DEATH! The substitute striker gets on the end of a delightful Pereira throughball and dispatches it with venom at the far corner! After a lengthy VAR review in which the initial decision on the pitch was offside, the review overturns it and deems that Mina’s knee kept the striker onside! 2-1 Leicester! Incredible scenes!,1
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Midfielder #15Albrighton comes on for Barnes as Rodgers looks for the victory.,0
Alex IwobiEverton · Striker #17With Calvert-Lewin off the pitch, Kean is chosen to fill the striker’s role. Iwobi is the one who makes way.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Calvert-Lewin is withdrawn as Silva looks to bolster the midfield. Schneiderlin is his replacement. ,0
sst: K. IheanachoALL VARDY NEEDS IS A CHANCE! 1-1! Iheanacho receives a leading pass from Ndidi at the edge of the penalty area and takes it in his stride, before taking Pickford out of the picture with a wonderful square pass! From there, Vardy tucks it neatly into the near corner, levelling up the score!,1
Ayoze PérezLeicester City · Midfielder #17Rodgers makes his first change of the match, with Iheanacho replacing Perez.,0
Digne is shown a late yellow card for a bad challenge on Pereira which wins Leicester a free-kick after the two minutes of stoppage time has elapsed.,2
sst: D. SidibéEVERTON TAKE THE LEAD! Following a throw-in, Everton get it forward and switch play to the right, where Sidibe is able to put a cross into the box unimpeded. Calvert-Lewin makes a dummy run which draws Soyuncu away from the penalty spot, where Richarlison pops up to smash a header past Schmeichel!,1
sst: S. GnabryGOAL!! LEWANDOWSKI AGAIN! Is that the winner?! Paderborn are opened up, and there are Bayern players queueing up in the middle to meet a left-wing cross. Lewandowski sidefoots into a gaping goal. It's 3-2 Bayern. Surely there is no way back for the Bundesliga's basement side now.,1
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24SUB: A last roll of the dice from Bayern. Teenager Zirkzee is on.,0
YELLOW: Antwi-Adjej brings down Coman on the Bayern right and gets a booking.,2
Dennis SrbenyPaderborn · Midfielder #18SUB: Srbeny took his first-half goal superbly but has been fairly quiet since the break. He goes off for Fridjonsson.,0
GOAL!! UNBELIEVABLE! 2-2! Michel makes amends! Bayern are farcically caught out on the counter despite leading! Jastrzembski dashes down the left and hammers in a powerful shot that Neuer can only parry. Michel cannot miss this time, tapping into an open goal. Paderborn are 15 minutes away from a huge draw.,1
sst: S. GnabryGOAL!! LEWANDOWSKI! He does not miss those! 2-1 Bayern! The hosts press Bayern and win the ball back on the left. Gnabry cuts the ball back for Lewandowski to fire in from 10 yards. Simple stuff.,1
Philippe CoutinhoBayern · Midfielder #10SUB: It's a double-change for Bayern. Coutinho has flattered to deceive and makes way for Muller.,0
Álvaro OdriozolaBayern · Midfielder #2SUB: Bayern play Chelsea on Tuesday and surely would rather not have used their senior stars on the bench, but Coman is on for Odriozola, who has been busy on his debut without really having the quality to hurt Paderborn.,0
YELLOW: Michel was frustrated a few minutes ago when he did not get a foul running up against Alaba, and now he's booked for kicking the ball away.,2
YELLOW: The first Bayern man into the book is Hernandez, who shoves Proger off the ball and pays the price with a card.,2
Streli MambaPaderborn · Striker #30SUB: Paderborn are belatedly able to bring Michel on for Mamba, their second enforced change.,0
Asst: C. StrohdiekGOAL!! INCREDIBLE! It's 1-1! This is awful from Bayern! Srbeny runs alone in pursuit of a ball in behind and beats Neuer to the ball on the right wing. It is a really dreadful attempt at a tackle from Neuer, allowing Srbeny to cut inside and run at goal. The recovering Bayern defenders dive in front of the ball, but the Paderborn man cuts onto his left and drills into the net.,1
ELLOW: Gjasula cannot believe it. He snaps into a challenge on Coutinho and actually gets to the ball before the Bayern man, but his trailing leg wipes the Brazilian. It's a foul and a booking.,2
Gerrit HoltmannPaderborn · Defender #38SUB: Holtmann makes way when the ball goes out of play, with Jastrzembski coming on.,0
Asst: C. TolissoGOAL!! Clinical from Gnabry! 1-0 Bayern! The winger does really well to keep control of the ball in the area, surrounded by Paderborn defenders, and dires into the bottom-right corner.,1
José Carlos Sánchez GonzálezCultural Leonesa · Midfielder #15,0
Alfie MayDoncaster · Midfielder #19Boocock replaces May for the home side, with the teenager making his second appearance for the club.,0
hiteman gets the first booking of the game as he brings down Kouyate on the charge with a cynical foul.,2
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Striker #10McArthur replaces Townsend for the Eagles for the final 10 minutes.,0
Michy BatshuayiCrystal Palace · Striker #23Benteke replaces Batshuayi, who failed to make an impression on his first Palace start.,0
Ali CrawfordDoncaster · Midfielder #11Rowe replaces Crawford for the home side.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #14Ayew makes way for Kouyate for the visitors.,0
sst: A. TownsendGOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! MEYER SCORES JUST BEFORE THE BREAK!!! 2-0!! McCann will be furious with his team as they switch off just before half-time. Palace double their advantage as Milivojevic lifts a ball over the top for the run of Townsend. He nods the ball across the face of goal where Meyer is left with a simple header from close range. The Premier League outfit have complete control now.,1
Asst: L. MilivojevićGOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SCHLUPP PUTS PALACE AHEAD!! 1-0!! The Premier League team take the lead on a brisk counter through Schlupp. Milivojevic sent the winger on his way down the left flank. He surged down the wing running at Downing before striking at goal. His left-footed strike took a slight deflection to find the bottom corner, leaving Marosi with no chance.,1
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Firmino is withdrawn by Klopp after leading the line well tonight. He is replaced by Keita for the closing stages.,0
Armando BrojaSouthampton · Striker #18Adams enters the action for the home side to replace Broja as the spearhead in attack.,0
tephens brings down Origi with a clumsy challenge and goes into the book.,2
Nathan TellaSouthampton · Midfielder #23Tella is withdrawn down the left flank for the home side and is replaced by Armstrong.,0
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27Diallo makes way for Romeu in the middle of the park.,0
Tella brings down Minamino with a lunge and goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLL!!!! MATIP FINDS THE NET!!!! 2-1 LIVERPOOL!!!! The Reds take the lead as Matip's header loops over McCarthy into the top-right corner. Tsimikas' cross from a corner swings out towards the penalty spot where Matip rises as Elyounoussi fails to clear the near post. He connects with an effort that deflects off Walker-Peters before it travels into the back of the net.,1
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #67Origi enters the action for the visitors to replace Elliott.,0
Joe GomezLiverpool · Defender #12Gomez is withdrawn at the break for the visitors with his injury and is replaced by Henderson. Milner will likely slot in at right-back.,0
Asst: D. JotaGOALLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!! MINAMINO RESPONDS FOR LIVERPOOL!!!! 1-1!!! Minamino blasts home a strike from a tight angle to bring the Reds back on level terms. Gomez feeds a low ball into the feet of Jota, who brings it down with a brilliant first touch before releasing Minamino with his second into the inside-right channel. The forward makes no mistake with his finish by firing the ball with pace past McCarthy into the top-right corner.,1
Asst: N. TellaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! REDMOND SCORES A STUNNER!!!!! 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Redmond bursts down the left flank before he cuts inside to curl an effort over Alisson into the top-right corner. Tella works the ball down the left flank for the run of the winger and he raids into space. Redmond is allowed to cut back by Gomez and he takes his opportunity with a brilliant finish on his right foot.,1
Conor TownsendWest Brom · Defender #3Corberan makes another alteration with Pipa replacing Townsend for the Baggies.,0
Kyle BartleyWest Brom · Defender #5At the back, Taylor is brought on in place of Bartley for West Brom.,0
Cédric KipréWest Brom · Defender #4In defence, Kipre comes off for West Brom, with Pieters entering the fray.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Midfielder #7Neto is replaced by Chirewa during the break in play for Wolves.,0
Asst: M. KilmanGOOOAAAAAALLL!!! 2-0 WOLVES!! Cunha scores his seventh goal of the season! Kilman sends a hopeful ball over the top of the West Brom defence and Cunha beats Bartley to it. He closes in on goal with Griffiths rushing out, but the Brazilian forward slots it under him and into the back of the net! The Wanderers have doubled their lead!,1
artley goes into the book after making a late challenge on Cunha. He might have got away without a booking, but the referee wasn't happy with his reaction afterwards.,2
Jeanricner BellegardeWolves · Striker #27O'Neil makes a defensive change as Wolves look to see out the game, with Ait-Nouri entering the fray. Bellegarde is the player to make way.,0
Nathaniel ChalobahWest Brom · Midfielder #14Corberan makes the first change of the game, and it's an attacking alteration, with young winger Fellows coming on in place of Chalobah.,0
allace goes into the book for a late challenge on Doyle as Wolves looked to counter-attack. The young midfielder looks in some discomfort, but he eventually gets back to his feet.,2
sst: M. DohertyGOOOAAAAAALLL!! 1-0 WOLVES!! From West Brom's corner, the Wanderers break with Doherty, and he finds the run of Neto on the right-hand side. He cuts inside onto his stronger foot, evading the challenges of Townsend and Swift, and he fires the ball into the bottom corner from the edge of the area! The Portuguese forward scores his second goal of the season and Wolves are winning in the Black Country derby!,1
Mbeumo takes his time, and then some, to take a Brentford throw, and is booked for time-wasting by the referee.,2
Sergi CanosBrentford · Midfielder #7The booked Canós comes off for Brentford, and the home crowd welcome back the previously injured Yoane Wissa.,0
Godfrey's all over Toney as he waits for a goal-kick from Fernandez to reach him, and is rather harshly booked by the referee.,2
Rico HenryBrentford · Midfielder #3Henry has picked up a knock, and he's replaced by Mads Roerslev Rasmussen.,0
Christian NørgaardBrentford · Midfielder #6Thomas Frank makes Brentford's first chance, as Nørgaard is replaced by Shandon Baptiste.,0
Andros TownsendEverton · Midfielder #14Townsend comes off in Everton's first change, replaced by Demarai Gray.,0
A large argument between the two sides breaks out after that Canos foul, and Brentford captain Jansson is booked.,2
anós is all over Digne as he looks to carry the ball over halfway, and despite his protests, he is booked.,2
Gordon attempts to drive forward into the box before hes pushed to the floor by Onyeka, who is booked.,2
Toney brilliantly sends Onyeka forward with a backheel that takes out two Everton players. One of them is Townsend, who races back to tackle Onyeka from behind, which he receives the game's first yellow card for.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!86'Le Portel1 - 4StrasbourgAdrien LebeauStrasbourgPenalty Goal,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!35'Le Portel1 - 1StrasbourgGaetan BultelLe Portel,1
sst: D. BerardiOH MY WORDDD!!!! JUVENTUS 1-2 SASSUOLO - They have done it. How is anyone's guess, but Sassuolo are seconds away from winning for the first time at the Allianz Stadium. Juventus let their guard down and left themselves exposed at the back, and that allowed Lopez to break free on his own. The midfielder is not known for his ability in front of goal, but he kept his composure to lob Perin after latching onto Berardi's pass. Incredible finish!,1
Mert MüldürSassuolo · Defender #17That was Muldur's last involvement, with Harroui introduced with three minutes remaining.,0
Muldur becomes the latest player to be booked as Juventus continue to push for a winner.,2
Hamed TraorèSassuolo · Midfielder #23Chiriches introduction suggests Sassuolo are shutting up shop, with Traore making way.,0
DaniloJuventus · Defender #6Allegri tries to mix things up as he sends on Kulusevski for Danilo.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #27Locatelli has worked hard in midfield for the Old Lady but his night is over, with Arthur on for the final ten minutes.,0
Asst: P. DybalaGOAAALLLL - JUVENTUS 1-1 SASSUOLO - Juve finally get their breakthrough, and McKennie's header proves too much for Consigli. Dybala's cross was inch-perfect, and McKennie did well to get up above the Sassuolo defenders as he found the top corner.,1
Grégoire DefrelSassuolo · Striker #92Defrel's night is over, with Henrique getting the chance to impress off the bench.,0
Davide FrattesiSassuolo · Midfielder #16Another change for Sassuolo as Frattesi makes way for Toljan.,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Jorge gets the chance to impress up front, with Morata the man to make way.,0
Cuadrado is now shown a card of his own after bringing down Traore.,2
Giacomo RaspadoriSassuolo · Striker #18Dionisi makes a change to his midfield, with Raspadori replaced by Scamacca.,0
ogerio is also in the referee's book as he brings down Cuadrado with a clumsy challenge.,2
Berardi's poor challenge on Alex Sandro results in him getting a yellow card, and he can have no complaints.,2
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Allegri turns to his bench at the interval, as Rabiot is replaced by Cuadrado.,0
Asst: G. DefrelGOAAALLLL - JUVENTUS 0-1 SASSUOLO - Against the run of play, Sassuolo open the scoring in Turin. Allegri's side failed to deal with a simple ball forward, and Defrel's throughball was played perfectly towards Frattesi. The Sassuolo midfielder kept his cool and slotted the ball into the far corner. ,1
Defrel is shown a yellow card after bringing down Alex Sandro, who was trying to start a counter-attack for Juve.,2
Mattia De SciglioJuventus · Defender #2De Sciglio's night is over as the physios confirm the full-back cannot continue, and on comes Alex Sandro.,0
Sarabia's cynical stomp on the calf of Thuram earns the substitute a yellow card.,2
Lionel MessiPSG · Midfielder #30Messi's match comes to an end with two minutes left as Sarabia is introduced.,0
Renato SanchesPSG · Midfielder #18Sanches comes off with an injury just 16 minutes after being introduced, with Danilo chosen to shore up the midfield.,0
 Gaëtan Laborde Nice · Striker #24Delort replaces Laborde with just over five minutes left.,0
sst: N. MukieleMBAPPE MAKES THE DIFFERENCE! 2-1! A poor kick out from Schmeichel puts Bard immediately under pressure, with the wing-back’s pass intercepted just outside the penalty area. Mukiele drives into the box and cuts it back for Mbappe, whose first-time finish beats the goalkeeper! 2-1!,1
Youcef AtalNice · Defender #20Atal also comes off with Lotomba selected to play in his stead.,0
Mario LeminaNice · Midfielder #99Lemina is replaced by Beka Beka with just 14 minutes left.,0
Fabián RuizPSG · Midfielder #8A change in midfield sees Sanches come on for Ruiz.,0
Ross BarkleyNice · Midfielder #11Pepe replaces Barkley on the wing in Nice's first change.,0
Aaron RamseyNice · Midfielder #16Thuram is brought on to shore up the midfield, with Ramsey's match at an end.,0
Juan BernatPSG · Midfielder #14Mendes comes on for Bernat as Galtier makes two changes at one juncture.,0
Hugo EkitikePSG · Striker #44Ekitike is withdrawn one minute short of the hour with Mbappe sent on in his place.,0
NICE HAVE THEIR EQUALISER! 1-1! Atal sends a cross into the penalty area from the right wing that bounces right in front of Diop inside the six-yard box. The ball skips past Mukiele and Ramos as well as it continues its trajectory to the far post, where Laborde meets it and beats Donnarumma!,1
FANTASTIC FINISH FROM MESSI! 1-0! Neymar runs over the free-kick to create a diversion before Messi steps up and curls his left-footed set-piece into the top corner, leaving Schmeichel rooted to the spot!,1
arkley’s turnover in midfield allows Messi to drive towards goal, but Dante comes across and sticks out a leg cynically. It’s a yellow card for the defender, who is unsurprised by the booking while PSG are given a free-kick.,2
Ricardo HortaBraga · Midfielder #21Ricardo Horta has looked the most likely Braga player to pull something special out of the hat and rescue this game, but he's withdrawn late on for Rony Lopes to hopefully provide that spark.,0
Mendes slides in late and recklessly on Kvaratskhelia as he releases a pass, and the Braga substitute goes into the book straight after coming on!,2
João MoutinhoBraga · Midfielder #28Moutinho also comes off as we enter the last 10 minutes, with Andre Horta hoping to spark some late magic for the visitors.,0
Víctor GómezBraga · Defender #2A last roll of the Braguistas' dice comes in the form of two substitutes, with Joe Mendes on to replace Gomez.,0
Juan JesusNapoli · Defender #5Napoli make their fifth change of the match, with Leo Ostigard on to replace Juan Jesus at centre-back.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Gianluca Gaetano also enters the fray and will be keen to make an impact late on, as he replaces Lobotka for the last 20 or so minutes of this game.,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Napoli also make further alterations, and Osimhen comes off having scored his first goal of the European campaign (and coming within inches of assisting another). Giacomo Raspadori replaces him up front for the Partenopei, who are coasting towards three knockouts-sealing points here.,0
Rodrigo ZalazarBraga · Midfielder #16Another change coming for Braga, as Al Musrati replaces Zalazar at the base of their midfield.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Zielinski also comes off with 30 to go, and Jens Cajuste will replace him in central midfield.,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Napoli make their first changes of the match on the hour mark, with Eljif Elmas on to replace Politano in their attacking midfield positions.,0
PizziBraga · Midfielder #22Abel Ruiz comes on at half-time with Braga needing goals, goals and more goals, and will replace Pizzi in the visitors' attack.,0
sst: NatanGOOOOAAAALLL!!! Napoli double their lead!! Natan plays a one-two with Kvaratskhelia and sets off on a barnstorming run into the box. He bursts past Fonte and beats Saatchi in the box, squaring for Osimhen to tap past the goalkeeper and nudge the loose ball into the back of the net!! 2-0 to the Partenopei, and the last 16 looks a long way away from Braga now.,1
Napoli play the ball out from the back following their goal-kick and Banza unnecessarily clips Rrahmani late, picking up a needless yellow card with 71 minutes of the contest still to come.,2
Asst: Y. TielemansLEICESTER GET ONE BACK! Too late, of course, but Iheanacho improves the scoreline by finding the net with an excellent individual effort. The striker evades two Tottenham defenders to tee up a low strike from 20 yards, and picks out the bottom corner via the right-hand post; leaving Lloris helpless. Spurs' lead is cut to 3-1!,1
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7Another change sees Son receive a warm round of applause from the home fans, as he makes way for Bergwijn up front.,0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30With the game effectively won, Conte rests Bentancur; Winks comes on in the Spurs midfield.,0
sst: D. KulusevskiA SON SCREAMER! Wrapping up the points in style, Son receives the ball from Kulusevski again on the edge of the area, then takes a touch before unfurling a wondrous curling strike which nestles in the top-left corner. What a beauty! Spurs lead 3-0: game over!,1
Ayoze PérezLeicester City · Midfielder #17Leicester make a third change, as Perez is replaced by Tielemans.,0
Boubakary SoumaréLeicester City · Midfielder #42Soumare is also withdrawn; young Brunt will be his replacement in the Leicester midfield.,0
Patson DakaLeicester City · Striker #29Rodgers has seen enough of his team's dismal display, so Daka is replaced by Vardy up front.,0
A crude swipe at the escaping Kulusevski near the halfway line earns Thomas a yellow card.,2
A high-footed challenge by Amartey on Kane inside the centre circle sees the defender booked by the referee.,2
sst: D. KulusevskiSON STRIKES! Spurs have a crucial second goal, as Romero wins the ball with a brilliant block tackle in midfield, before Kulusevski works his way into the box and cuts the ball back for Son - he allows the ball to run across him, turns and fires into the back of the net! It's Tottenham 2-0 Leicester!,1
For his foul on Mendy, combative midfielder Bentancur is booked.,2
Lucas MouraTottenham · Striker #27Conte makes an early substitution, as Lucas is replaced by Kulusevski on the right wing; reverting to the Spurs team that started last week.,0
A challenge from behind on Bentancur sees Albrighton booked by the referee.,2
For a crunching late tackle on Daka, Davies becomes the first player to receive a yellow card today.,2
Asst: H. SonSPURS LEAD! From Son's inswinging corner, Kane shakes off the attentions of Amartey in the box to get to the ball at the near post; powering his header past Schmeichel for the opening goal! He just loves scoring against Leicester! Tottenham are 1-0 up!,1
RicharlisonEverton · Striker #7Everton tighten up for the final minutes. Kenny is on for Richarlison, who Chelsea will no doubt be glad to see the back of.,0
Alex IwobiEverton · Striker #17Everton bring on Davies for Iwobi. Iwobi's direct running with Richarlison has been a big part of Everton's threat in this game.,0
Gylfi SigurðssonEverton · Midfielder #10Everton's goalscorer Sigurdsson makes way for Gomes. The Icelander could well have secured the three points for Everton with his contribution.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Chelsea make a change. Gilmour is on for Kovacic.,0
Doucoure picks up his fourth yellow card of the season for that foul on James. What can Chelsea do with this free-kick? James came very close from a similar position earlier.,2
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Chelsea make a substitution. Abraham replaces the tidy but quiet Havertz.,0
ilva is the next Chelsea player to receive a yellow card for bundling over Calvert-Lewin. The Everton striker is proving to be a real nuisance for Chelsea's backline.,2
James is booked for that rash tackle on Allan. The young right-back's a constant outlet for Chelsea but he's not been the most effective in this game.,2
ante is booked for his reaction to a fairly innocuous handball from Calvert-Lewin. Chelsea look slightly frustrated at the moment.,2
icharlison is booked for tracking back and bringing down Chelsea's right-back James who's rampaging through the middle. Chelsea now have a free-kick in a promising position about 30 yards out.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! EVERTON 1-0 CHELSEA! Everton's iceman Sigurdsson steps up and coolly rolls the penalty into the bottom right corner, sending Mendy the wrong way. Mendy's challenge to give away the penalty was extremely clumsy.,1
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Skipp is on for Bentancur to add more energy in the Tottenham midfield in the last two minutes.,0
Harry KaneTottenham · Striker #10Lucas comes on for Kane in the Tottenham attack.,0
Matt DohertyTottenham · Midfielder #2Spence replaces Doherty at right wing-back for Tottenham.,0
Cristian RomeroTottenham · Defender #17Sanchez replaces Romero and Tottenham look to see this game through.,0
sst: R. BentancurGOALLL!!! 2-0 HOJBJERG!!! Hojbjerg doubles Tottenham’s lead as a deflected strike beats Pickford. Bentancur finds his midfield partner in the box and the Denmark international takes a touch to set himself before finding the back of the net.,1
Mykolenko receives a yellow card as he brings down Doherty on the edge of the box.,2
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Rondon replaces Gueye to add another attacker in Everton's search for an equaliser.,0
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23Garner comes on for Coleman as Everton look to attack more in the final 25 minutes.,0
Neal MaupayEverton · Striker #20Calvert-Lewin replaces Maupay to lead the Everton frontline.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLL!!!! 1-0 KANE!! Kane makes no mistake from the spot and puts Tottenham in the lead! He slots the ball into the bottom-left corner and Pickford cannot save it despite diving the right way.,1
Gueye receives a yellow card following a mistimed challenge on Hojbjerg.,2
RicharlisonTottenham · Midfielder #9Bissouma comes on for the injured Richarlison.,0
cNeil gets a yellow card after a foul on Doherty in the attacking third.,2
Bentancur receives a yellow card after a poor challenge on Gray.,2
Maupay receives a yellow card after catching Dier with a stray elbow during an aerial battle.,2
Andrea ContiMilan · Defender #12Milan substitution. Conti is replaced at right-back by Calabria. Strange one, that.,0
Goran PandevGenoa · Striker #19Genoa decide to make a substitution. The former Inter man Pandev makes way for the Inter loanee striker Pinamonti.,0
GOAL! MILAN 1-2 GENOA! Milan are back in this! Castillejo's corner lands to Bonaventura on the right of the box who shoots. Bonaventura's shot bounces up nicely for Ibrahimovic just outside the six yard box, and the Swede swivels and smashes it past Perin!,1
Valon BehramiGenoa · Midfielder #85Genoa make an enforced change. Behrami is replaced by the 22-year-old Polish midfielder Jagiello.,0
Lasse SchöneGenoa · Midfielder #20Genoa respond with a substitution of their own. The quiet Schone goes off for Sturaro.,0
Ante RebićMilan · Midfielder #18Next to go is Rebic. Leao replaces him for Milan. ,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluMilan · Midfielder #10Milan make two substitutions. First, the fading Calhanoglu goes off for Bonaventura.,0
Asst: L. SchöneGOAL! MILAN 0-2 GENOA! Genoa double their lead! Sarabia passes out wide to Biraschi. Biraschi whips in a low cross from the right and Schone back-heels it towards Cassata who taps it in! ,1
Asst: A. SanabriaGOAL! MILAN 0-1 GENOA! Sanabria skips into the box from the right and cuts back for Pandev, who makes no mistake from a few yards out! First blood to Genoa.,1
Asst: CasemiroGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MODRIC BURIES HIS STRIKE THIS TIME!!! 3-1!!! Five minutes ago Modric missed the target with his strike, but on this occasion he delivers a low strike towards the bottom-right corner that evades the hand of Mignolet. A fine strike from the midfielder after being teed up by Casemiro on the edge of the box.,1
IscoReal Madrid · Midfielder #22Valverde enters the action for the closing stages to replace Isco.,0
Luka JovićReal Madrid · Striker #18Jovic makes way for Benzema for the visitors.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Midfielder #25Diaz is on for Vinicius in the final third for the visitors.,0
Thibault VlietinckClub Brugge · Midfielder #19De Ketelaere replaces Vlietinck in the middle of the park.,0
Asst: RodrygoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VINICIUS POUNCES FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!! 2-1!!! Madrid restore their advantage as the Brazilian slots home a strike from six yards. Brugge fail to clear their lines in the box from a Jovic header. Rodrygo tries to force a strike towards goal, but Mechele blocks his effort. However, the loose ball falls kindly for Vinicius and he stabs his strike with the outside of his right boot away from Mignolet to find the net.,1
Percy TauClub Brugge · Striker #35Schrijvers is on for Tau in the final third for the home side.,0
Asst: E. DennisGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! VANAKEN RESPONDS FOR BRUGGE!!!!1-1!!!! Vanaken displays composure to bury his strike beyond the reach of Areola. Dennis beats a challenge down the left flank after a surging run. He offloads towards Vanaken in the box, who takes a touch to get it on to his right foot, before bending his effort away from the Madrid keeper into the right corner. A fine effort from the Brugge midfielder.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RODRYGO SCORES A FINE GOAL!!!!!! 1-0 MADRID!!!! The visitors take the lead through a clinical strike from Rodrygo. Modric releases Odriozola down the right flank with a searching throughball. The Spaniard cuts a cross back towards the edge of the box for Rodrygo. The Brazilian strikes it first time on the half-volley with the outside of his left boot. He catches it sweetly for it to swerve away from Mignolet to find the bottom-left corner.,1
It has been a half full of hard tackles. Casemiro becomes the latest player to enter the book for a late challenge on Sobol.,2
obol is booked for a heavy challenge on Rodrygo earlier in the move. It was not a clean tackle from the Brugge man and it could have been worse for him.,2
ossounou is not happy with the referee as he fends off Vinicius in a race for the ball, but he gets penalised for making contact with the Brazilian's chest. It was debatable to say the least.,2
alanta is booked after the fact by the referee for pulling back Casemiro when he lost possession.,2
Modric pulls back Dennis on the charge in the midfield and goes into the book.,2
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Guess who's back! Eder Militao makes an early return from an anterior cruciate ligament injury, and replaces Vazquez in Madrid's defence for the final seconds of the match!,0
Dani RodríguezMallorca · Midfielder #14With Mallorca needing a goal, Canada striker Cyle Larin enters the fray late, replacing Rodriguez out wide to give Los Piratas three out-and-out striking options in the final stages of this contest!,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Another change coming late for Los Blancos, as Modric is withdrawn for another veteran in the form of Dani Carvajal.,0
Lunin's the latest player to see yellow, having wasted all the time he could before taking a Real Madrid goal-kick!,2
he referee brings play back to show Muriqi a yellow card, likely for a prior foul or some back-chat that the official wasn't fond of!,2
Pablo MaffeoMallorca · Defender #15Nemanja Radonjic is on in Mallorca's latest change, and will replace Maffeo out wide with little over 12 minutes left on the clock for Los Piratas to rescue a result.,0
Jude BellinghamReal Madrid · Midfielder #5Eduardo Camavinga also comes on, and slots into Madrid's midfield in place of Bellingham.,0
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Midfielder #21That missed chance will be Diaz's last contribution, as he's replaced in the attack by Vinicius Junior for Los Blancos.,0
Samú CostaMallorca · Midfielder #12Sergi Darder also enters the fray for Mallorca, taking Costa's place in central midfield for the final half-hour or so.,0
Manu MorlanesMallorca · Midfielder #8Morlanes is also withdrawn in midfield, and it's a like-for-like switch as Omar Mascarell comes on in his place.,0
Antonio SánchezMallorca · Midfielder #18A trio of substitutions coming up for the hosts, the first of which sees Abdon Prats replace Sanchez in Los Piratas' attack.,0
GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! A thunderous strike gives Los Blancos an immediate second-half lead!! There's not much happening for Tchouameni, who decides to go for goal from 30 yards out and lets fly with a powerful strike. Morlanes steps in to block, but it takes a wicked deflection off the midfielder and flies past Rajkovic into the top-right corner!! A bolt from the blue, but one that puts Madrid 1-0 up in Mallorca!,1
Bellingham drops deep to spark an attack from midfield but Raillo is all over him, dragging the Madrid midfielder back by his shirt and earning a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #7In the aftermath of their goal, Brighton are making their final change. It's a defensive one as Webster comes on to replace March.,0
Asst: J. SarmientoMITOMA SCORES! Brighton's patient play pays off as they knock it around down the left, opening up space. Sarmiento benefits from it, curling a brilliant cross in and Mitoma drifts onto the end of it, sending his header towards the near post. Neto gets a hand on it, but can't stop it from crossing the line. 1-0 Brighton!,1
The yellow card is out again, this time for Smith, who was late to get across to Mitoma.,2
Jaidon AnthonyBournemouth · Midfielder #32Final roll of the dice for Bournemouth now as Vina comes on to make his debut in place of Anthony.,0
Brighton were arguing that Veltman was fouled by Semenyo in the build-up, but the defender went down extremely easily. Caicedo leads the protests and picks up a booking for dissent.,2
Tariq LampteyBrighton · Midfielder #2And Lamptey is also taken off, with Buonanotte coming on for his debut.,0
Deniz UndavBrighton · Midfielder #21Brighton are making another double change here. Undav is the first to go off, with Enciso replacing him.,0
unk was late getting across to Rothwell in his attempts to break up the counter. The referee played the advantage but has now gone back to book him for it.,2
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Second change for Bournemouth now and it's Billing that's making way for Rothwell.,0
Hamed TraorèBournemouth · Midfielder #22Bournemouth's first change sees Traore's debut brought to an end as Christie comes on in his place.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18And Welbeck is also taken off, with Sarmiento replacing him.,0
Billy GilmourBrighton · Midfielder #27That was Gilmour's final involvement of the game as he's the first to go off in a double change. Caicedo comes on to a very warm reception from the crowd.,0
Neto smothered a throughball and set Bournemouth on the break. Veltman wrestles Semeyo down to stop him and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2
Achraf HakimiPSG · Defender #2Draxler enters the action for Hakimi for the closing stages of the game.,0
Vazquez brings down Mbappe with a cynical challenge and goes into the book. Madrid are admitting here that they cannot stop Mbappe without fouling him.,2
impembe throws the ball at Vinicius and gives him a body-check for good measure. The referee spots it and books the defender.,2
akimi scythes down Vinicius with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Danilo PereiraPSG · Midfielder #15Pochettino's men have been rocked and he withdraws Danilo for Di Maria.,0
NCREDIBLE!!!!!! GOAL!!!!!!!! BENZEMA PUTS MADRID IN FRONT WITH HIS HAT-TRICK !!!!!!!!!! 3-1 ON THE NIGHT, 3-2 ON AGGREGATE!!!!!!!!! Benzema flicks an effort at goal from a cutback from Vinicius and he finds the bottom-right corner. PSG are cut open straight after Madrid's second as Vinicius finds space in the final third. He looks for Benzema and finds his team-mate with an offload on the edge of the box. Benzema takes on the strike first-time and finds the net with the ultimate precision. A special hat-trick from the Frenchman.,1
sst: L. ModrićGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BENZEMA LEVELS THE TIE!!!!!!!! 2-1 MADRID ON THE NIGHT, 2-2 ON AGGREGATE!!! A brilliant Modric run and pass allows Benzema to hammer an effort past Donnarumma. Modric surges through the PSG midfield before he offloads for Vinicius on the charge. The Brazilian takes too long to decide to strike and is forced backwards to Modric. However, the veteran midfielder threads the needle to release Benzema in the box and the Frenchman beats Donnarumma with his strike. A super finish.,1
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Gueye enter the action to replace Paredes, who was booked earlier in the game.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Carvajal is withdrawn after picking up a booking and is replaced by Vazquez.,0
Donnarumma goes into the book for dissent after claiming he was fouled by Benzema.,2
sst: V. JúniorGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DONNARUMMA HANDS MADRID A LIFELINE AS BENZEMA SCORES!!!!!!!! 1-1!!!!!! The Italy keeper makes a terrible mistake at the back and presents Benzema with an easy chance to convert from close range. Donnarumma takes a backpass from Verratti and hangs on to it for far too long. Benzema closes him down and the loose ball travels to Vinicius. The Brazilian squares to Benzema, who places his effort into the bottom-left corner away from Donnarumma's desperate lunge.,1
arvajal blocks off the run of Mbappe down the left flank and goes into the book. The epitome of taking one for the team there.,2
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Camavinga enters the action for Kroos in the middle of the park, who still may be struggling with an injury.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11Asensio has been ineffectual in the final third this evening and is withdrawn for the home side.,0
Vinicius talks himself into the book after appealing to the referee about Nacho's card.,2
acho goes into the book for a late lunge on Hakimi. He has to be careful now.,2
sst: NeymarGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MBAPPE FINDS THE NET!!!!! 1-0 PSG!!!!!!!! Mbappe is released by Neymar and surges upfield before placing a strike past Courtois. Neymar pounces on a loose ball and turns it around the corner first-time for the run of the Frenchman into acres of space. Mbappe drives into the box and squares up Militao before blasting his effort past into the bottom-left corner. Clinical from Mbappe.,1
Joshua KingBournemouth · Midfielder #7King has run himself into the ground today and will not see the final whistle, as Wilson replaces him with two minutes left.,0
Asst: J. KingSTANISLAS PROVIDES THE INSURANCE! 3-1 BOURNEMOUTH! The winger plays a lovely one-two pass with King and drives into the penalty area before shaking off Gordon and curling a finish around the goalkeeper!,1
eane dives into a tackle on Wilson and mistimes it, receiving a yellow card and giving Bournemouth a free-kick, but preventing the counter-attack from coming to fruition.,2
Moise KeanEverton · Striker #27Calvert-Lewin is in for the goal scorer, as Kean gets an early rest.,0
Lucas DigneEverton · Defender #12Baines comes on for his 348th Premier League appearance for Everton - which could also be his last. He’s sent on for Digne in a straight swap at left-back.,0
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Bernard replaces Davies with 20 minutes remaining in the match. ,0
David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #20Howe makes two changes at once as Brooks is taken off for Stanislas.,0
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9A midfielder replaces a striker as the introduction of Billing means Solanke is recalled to the bench.,0
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23The second substitution sees captain Coleman depart, with Sidibe on in his place.,0
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Everton make two substitutions just before the hour, with Gordon replacing Walcott in the first switch.,0
sst: D. RicoGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH RETAKE THE LEAD! The free-kick is swung in by Rico on the left, taken towards Solanke and Lerma. Both rise to get to the ball but it’s the striker who gets there first, nodding his header past a diving Pickford! 2-1!,1
Asst: T. WalcottEVERTON DRAW LEVEL! Coleman’s mazy run into the penalty area draws markers, which allows the right-back to play Walcott through towards the byline onside. From there, it’s a simple pass across the face of goal for Kean, who turns it home! 1-1!,1
enalty Goal1-0! King’s 50th career goal for Bournemouth may just keep the Cherries in the Premier League as he steps up with confidence and slots his penalty low, just underneath the outstretched arm of Pickford who had guessed the right way!,1
GOALLLL! DAVIS GETS HIS FIRST PREMIER LEAGUE GOAL! It's heartbreak for the Baggies as a mix up between Bartley and Johnstone allows Davis to sneak in and poke the ball home for his first ever goal in the Premier League! That could be the end of West Brom's survival hopes and it was down to their own mistake.,1
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Midfielder #15Villa make their third change as Wesley makes his return from injury replacing Traore.,0
Ainsley Maitland-NilesWest Brom · Midfielder #30O'Shea replaces Maitland-Niles as West Brom make their second change and look to hold on to their precious 2-1 lead.,0
Ross BarkleyAston Villa · Midfielder #20Barkley is taken off for Davis in Villa's second substitution of the game. Dean Smith has to go for it now if they're to take anything from this match.,0
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Douglas Luiz is replaced by Ramsey as Dean Smith makes his first change of the match.,0
Yokuslu goes into the book after a cynical foul on Watkins. He took one for the team there and picks up the second booking of the match.,2
Callum RobinsonWest Brom · Midfielder #7Sam Allardyce makes the first change of the match as Robinson is replaced by Phillips. Allardyce obviously feels the need for fresh legs in midfield to help on the defensive side of this game.,0
Gallagher picks up the first booking of the match after a late challenge on Targett by the dugout. ,2
Penalty GoalGOALLL! PEREIRA MAKES IT 1-1! West Brom's top goalscorer this season makes no mistake and fires the ball into the roof of the net, and fires his side back into this game which they desperately needed! A goal a piece. A penalty a piece. West Brom are back level.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLL! EL GHAZI OPENS THE SCORING! The Dutchman steps to take the penalty and drills it hard and low into the corner giving Johnstone no chance. Villa have an early 1-0 lead after a really silly mistake from Ajeyi. Allardyce won't be happy with how his team have started this one.,1
Andersen now goes into the book for a rash challenge on Kane.,2
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7Son makes way for Danjuma as Spurs add more pace to a potential counter-attack.,0
Clément LengletTottenham · Defender #34Dier comes on for Lenglet as Spurs look to see this game through.,0
Lenglet commits a very silly foul on Olise as Palace have a free-kick.,2
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Edouard comes on for Ayew as Palace search for an equaliser.,0
Sarcastic cheers come from the Palace fans as Davies sees yellow for a foul on Olise.,2
RicharlisonTottenham · Striker #9Spurs make their first change as Kulusevski comes on for Richarlison.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Palace makes the first substitution of the match as Hughes replaces Schlupp.,0
ard receives a yellow card after a foul on Davies. The defender seemed to have touched the ball, but the referee disagrees.,2
Schlupp receives the first booking of the game after a reckless challenge on Skipp.,2
Asst: P. PorroGOALL!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM!! KANE!!! Spurs take the lead right before half-time as Kane heads the ball past Johnstone! Porro picks up the loose ball on the right wing and sends in a cross towards the far post, where the Tottenham skipper beats Ward in the air to score.,1
Anguissa makes a tactical foul in the final moments of the game, bringing down Fagioli who was breaking forward. He is given a yellow card.,2
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Napoli have added another defender to try and keep a clean sheet. Rrahmani replaces Lobotka.,0
Asst: E. ElmasGOALLLLL! RASPADORI SCORES OFF THE BENCH! 1-0 NAPOLI! What an ending to the game. Zielinski pokes the ball down the right flank with Elmas getting on the end of his pass and chipping a cross into the box. Raspadori is free and crashes his effort from close range past Szczesny.,1
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Juventus make a late change in the attack. Vlahovic replaces Milik.,0
Di Maria goes into the book after moaning at the referee. He wanted a free-kick on the left flank after a challenge from Min-Jae, but did not get one.,2
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Kvaratskhelia has been a constant threat down the left flank, but has not been able to get a goal or an assist. He is replaced by Raspadori.,0
Fagioli is not happy that the goal is not given and is shown a yellow card after complaining to the referee.,2
Tanguy NdombeleNapoli · Midfielder #91Ndombele has been at the heart of everything Napoli have done in this game with possession running through him, but he is now coming off. Zielinski started the last game and is now coming on.,0
Hirving LozanoNapoli · Striker #11Spalletti has seen enough and has decided to make a change. it comes on the wing with Elmas replacing Lozano. The Mexico international has had bright moments, but had failed to make an impact in the second half with most of Napoli's attacks coming down the left.,0
Matías SouléJuventus · Midfielder #30Juventus make their third change of the game, with Napoli yet to make a switch. Soule is replaced by Fagioli.,0
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Massimiliano Allegri makes another switch in the attack. Di Maria is often given a free role behind the striker and comes on to replace Miretti. He will appear all over the pitch in the final 30 minutes.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #17Juventus make the first change of the game. Kostic has been heavily involved down the left flank, but has struggled to beat Di Lorenzo. Chiesa replaces him on the wing.,0
Another Juventus midfielder goes into the book. This time Rabiot is punished for a late slide tackle on Anguissa.,2
ocatelli is the first player to go into the book after bringing down Ndombele. The Tottenham loanee was breaking into Juventus half with the ball.,2
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Striker #11Trossard is withdrawn for Khadra for the closing stages of the game.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Striker #47Foden has made the decisive impact on the game, but he is now withdrawn for Sterling.,0
Davy PröpperBrighton · Midfielder #24March comes on to the field to replace Propper for the visitors.,0
Percy TauBrighton · Striker #22Maupay comes on to replace Tau in the final third.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Jesus replaces Mahrez for the home side that will see a re-shuffle in the ranks.,0
Veltman slides in hard and late on Foden and goes into the book.,2
Asst: K. De BruyneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FODEN FINDS THE NET!!! 1-0 CITY!!! The pressure from the home side pays off as Foden places a strike past Sanchez. De Bruyne works an offload to the England man, who turns away from two Brighton defenders. Foden displays precision accuracy picking out the bottom-left corner with his right foot to put City ahead just before the interval.,1
Carlos Augusto takes one for the team, dragging Correa back on halfway to prevent an Atletico counterattack. He sees yellow.,2
he Nerazzurri deliver the corner towards the front post… where Arnautovic shoots against the shins of a defender. Atletico are then furious as Koke is penalised for a very soft challenge on Barella, and their captain is even booked for his troubles!,2
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Inzaghi looks to eat up a few seconds by making a change in attack. Sanchez replaces Martinez, who has been tireless in pressing from the front.,0
Now Frattesi is booked for a tactical foul to prevent an Atletico break on halfway. Inzaghi won't mind that one.,2
Needless from Morata! He goes down under no contact on halfway, tripping De Vrij in the process and picking up a booking.,2
Savic is booked for a needless foul, chasing Martinez high up the pitch before pushing him to the ground. Inter will take that one as it slows the pace of the game.,2
OOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL! THIS TIME, ARNAUTOVIC MAKES NO MISTAKE! It's third time lucky for the Austrian as he puts Inter ahead! Reinildo and De Paul both hesitate while going for the same ball, and they both miss it as Martinez bursts through on goal. Oblak steps up with a brilliant one-on-one save, but the loose ball spins left to Arnautovic, who squeezes his shot past a defender on the line! San Siro erupts, 1-0 to the Nerazzurri!,1
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Griezmann is withdrawn by Simeone, having gotten through so much work off the ball. Correa replaces Atletico's all-time leading goalscorer.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Inter make yet another change as Mkhitaryan trudges off after a quiet performance. Frattesi replaces him as Inzaghi introduces fresh legs in the engine room.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32On the other side, Carlos Augusto replaces the impressive Dimarco.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Inzaghi responds with a double change of his own as we enter the final 20 minutes of the 90. Dumfries replaces Darmian at right wing-back.,0
Nahuel MolinaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16Simeone decides to make two changes. First, Barrios replaces Molina on the right.,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Meanwhile, Reinildo takes Hermoso's place on the left of Atletico's back three.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Now Simeone turns to his bench, and it's a positive change from the Argentine. Morata comes on for the ineffective Saul, so Llorente drops back into a midfield role.,0
The first yellow card of the game goes to Hermoso for a trip on Barella. The referee played advantage, but Inter couldn't make anything of the move.,2
José María GiménezAtlético Madrid · Defender #2Atletico have also made a change at the break. It seems Gimenez has suffered an injury of some sort, so Savic is on.,0
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9That's a blow for Inter. Thuram is unable to continue after pulling up near the end of the first half, so Arnautovic takes his place alongside Martinez.,0
Cunha is straight into the action as Perez slides in on him with a late challenge. The Spaniard gets nowhere near the ball and goes into the referee's book.,2
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Final changes for Atletico now, and they're changes to the front two. Morata is taken off and replaced by Correa.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7And Cunha comes on in place of Joao Felix.,0
Toni LatoValencia · Defender #3Final roll of the dice for Valencia here as Lato is replaced by Lopez.,0
Comert is late getting across to Joao Felix and he steps across the forward to stop his run, which results in him getting a yellow card.,2
Samu CastillejoValencia · Midfielder #11And Castillejo is also taken off and replaced by Perez.,0
Marcos AndréValencia · Striker #22Another double change for Valencia here as Andre goes off for Gomez.,0
Hugo GuillamónValencia · Midfielder #6Valencia are making a double change of their own as they go in search of an equaliser. Guillamon is the first to go off, with Nico replacing him.,0
Thierry CorreiaValencia · Defender #2And Correia also makes way, with Foulquier on for him.,0
sst: T. LemarGRIEZMANN SCORES! The substitutes make an instant impact! Soler doesn't realise that Lemar is behind him and he nicks the ball off the Valencia captain before squaring it into Griezmann. He takes a touch before curling his shot past Comert and into the near bottom corner, leaving Mamardashvili wrongfooted on his line. 1-0 Atletico!,1
Geoffrey KondogbiaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #4And Griezmann is also brought on to replace Kondogbia.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Atletico are making a double change as they look to get the opening goal. De Paul is the first to go off, with Lemar on in his place.,0
blak's throw goes straight to Comert and Joao Felix slides in trying to make up for the keeper's error. It's a poor challenge and he's shown a yellow card.,2
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Defender #17There's a change for Atletico at the break as Carrasco comes on to replace Saul.,0
VERTURNED! After watching the replays, it's shown that Morata was actually marginally offside in the build-up to Correia's challenge. The right-back will stay on and he's now on a yellow.,2
Tempers are fraying here and Reinildo clatters into Castillejo much to the Valencia fans' anger and his name goes into the book.,2
Gimenez just got to Correia's cross first and Andre came through the back of him in an attempt to reach it. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Saul steps across Correia to stop him from taking the ball to the byline, and the referee has no choice but to produce the first booking of the match.,2
A late melee after Sheffield United give away a cheap free-kick in the dying moments. Ahmedhodzic is shown a yellow for his involvement.,2
A late yellow is shown to Norrington-Davies after a blatant pull of Edouard's shirt.,2
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Palace make a change as we tick past the 90 minutes, with Mateta replaced by Edouard.,0
Gustavo HamerSheffield United · Midfielder #8Perhaps a last roll of the dice for Sheffield United make another attacking change. Archer comes on for Hamer.,0
Jack RobinsonSheffield United · Defender #19An attacking change from Wilder as Robinson makes way for Larouci late on for Sheffield United.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10It looks more precautionary for the Palace midfielder but Eze does make way in the end. Ozoh replaces him in midfield.,0
Michael OliseCrystal Palace · Striker #7It looks like Olise's race is run as he goes down after that goal. His minutes will need to be managed having picked up a number of injuries this season. He does make way, in the end, with Schlupp replacing him.,0
OOOAAALL!! PALACE LEAD! 3-2! The home side are ahead and who else but Olise! Mateta's cross in from the right deflects out to the Frenchman on the edge of the box who runs onto the ball before striking a wonderful left-footed effort into the far corner from outside the box. A superb finish to put his side in front for the first time this game.,1
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9There's another change, now, for the visitors as McBurnie makes way for Osula up front.,0
Ivo GrbićSheffield United · Goalkeeper #13It's Foderingham who comes on in the place of Grbic.,0
Anis Ben SlimaneSheffield United · Midfielder #25Slimane also makes way, with Norrington-Davies replacing the midfielder.,0
Ben Brereton DíazSheffield United · Midfielder #11A double change at the break for Sheffield United. Goalscorer Brereton makes way for Brooks.,0
Robinson, now, follows his Sheffield United teammate into the referee's book just a couple of minutes later after he brings down Eze in the middle of the park.,2
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Trusty after the full-back shoves Olise to the ground.,2
Asst: M. OliseGOOOALLL!! EZE AT THE DOUBLE! 2-2! What a thunderous from Eze to bring Palace level. Olise finds him on the edge of the box but the Englishman still has so much to do. He jinks past Vinicius before curling a sumptuous left-footed strike which flies into the top corner. Grbic has no chance and the hosts are level again.,1
Asst: O. McBurnieGOOOAAAAL!! SHEFFIELD UNITED BACK AHEAD! 2-1! Two shots and two goals for the visitors as Sheffield Untied go back ahead. Eze is dispossessed in midfield but it's superb work from McBurnie to hold up play before shifting it out wide to McAtee. The midfielder tries his luck from the edge of the box and sees his effort loop up off Guehi, wrongfooting Henderson and nestling in the back of the net. Palace are back to square one again.,1
Asst: M. OliseGOOOOAAAALLLL!!! PALACE LEVEL! 1-1! Palace have been by far the better team since going behind and they get their deserved equaliser. Olise gets the ball on the right, opening up his body before curling an inviting ball into the box. Eze makes the dart into the box and it's an acrobatic finish from the Englishman, poking the ball home with an outstretched boot to bring the scores level.,1
Asst: G. HamerGOOOAAAALLL!!! SHEFFIELD UNITED LEAD! 1-0! Just 22 seconds and the visitors are ahead - simply unbelievable. The ball is worked swiftly from left to left and as soon as Brereton gets the ball there is only one thing on his mind. The new signing cuts in from the flank and bends a superb effort past Henderson and into the far corner. Palace's first touch is picking the ball out of their own net!,1
s Liverpool come forward on the counter, Sangare takes out Gakpo and picks up a yellow card.,2
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #9Nunez had a big hand in the first two goals and now makes way for Endo.,0
Asst: D. SzoboszlaiGOAL!!! SALAH PUTS IT TO BED!!! It is an absolute howler from Turner, who races out of his goal to try and cut out Szoboszlai's punted ball upfield. The Forest goalkeeper completely misjudges the bounce of the ball and Salah latches onto it, coolly finishing to make it 3-0 and surely wrap up the three points for Liverpool!,1
Willy BolyNottm Forest · Defender #30Cooper brings on Awoniyi for Boly in an attacking substitution.,0
Nicolás DomínguezNottm Forest · Midfielder #16Cooper makes his first changes, bringing on Yates for Dominguez.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Jota opened the scoring but now makes way for Gakpo.,0
Mac Allister is booked for wiping out Gibbs-White in midfield.,2
Dominguez cynically drags back Alexander-Arnold and receives a yellow card.,2
sst: D. SzoboszlaiGOAL!!! NUNEZ MAKES IT 2-0!!! Jota picks out Szoboszlai in midfield before the Hungary international plays a lovely one-two with Salah. Szoboszlai manages to dig out a cross, and Nunez is waiting in the middle to turn home and put Liverpool firmly in the driver's seat!,1
GOAL!!! JOTA FIRES LIVERPOOL IN FRONT!!! A swift move from the hosts sees Salah slide a neat throughball into the path of Nunez, who fires goalwards. The forward's effort is saved by Turner, but the Forest goalkeeper can only parry back into the danger area, where Jota is on hand to tap home the rebound and put the hosts 1-0 up!,1
Alexander-Arnold receives the first booking of the contest for a late challenge on Aina as the visiting defender tried to clear upfield.,2
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9McBurnie does come straight off and it's Berge on to replace him.,0
Ondrej DudaNorwich City · Midfielder #25Final roll of the dice from Farke now and he's brought on Idah for Duda.,0
Billy SharpSheffield United · Striker #10The goalscorer, Sharp, is coming off now and he's replaced by McGoldrick, who scored his first goal of the season in the FA Cup in midweek.,0
Alexander TetteyNorwich City · Midfielder #27Another change for Norwich now and it's Tettey that's making way as Vrancic comes on.,0
Enda StevensSheffield United · Midfielder #3Stevens goes straight down the tunnel after leaving the field and Osborn is on in his place.,0
Todd CantwellNorwich City · Midfielder #14Farke has decided to make a change at half-time as he brings on Drmic to replace Cantwell.,0
Asst: J. LundstramUNITED LEAD! Lundstram puts the cross into the box and Sharp isn't picked up at the far post by any of the Norwich defenders. It's a good jump by him to get on the end of it and Krul can't keep his header out of the net. 1-0 United!,1
Danny IngsAston Villa · Striker #20A frustrated Ings comes off for Villa, with Archer appearing for the last few minutes.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27After a typically industrious display, Lucas is replaced by Gil, who gets just another brief cameo in a Spurs shirt.,0
Kortney HauseAston Villa · Defender #30Smith is switching shape in pursuit of an equaliser, as Hause is withdrawn from the Villa defence and Traore is brought on to bolster the attack.,0
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Ndombele's contribution is warmly applauded by most of the stadium, as he comes off to be replaced by Lo Celso.,0
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Ramsey is replaced in the Villa midfield by Buendia, who has 20 minutes or so to make the difference.,0
omero finds himself booked for protesting about a supposed infringement in the build-up to Villa's equaliser.,2
Asst: M. TargettVILLA ARE LEVEL! Watkins demonstrates his renowned predatory instincts, as he slides in ahead of Lloris to connect with a low Targett cross from the left and prod the ball into the net. Ings was instrumental in the build-up. The Villans are back on equal terms at 1-1!,1
Skipp is booked for a foul on Ings high up on the right wing, a clear yellow card for the young midfielder.,2
Ramsey is booked for his crude tackle on Kane, which gives Spurs a free-kick 10 yards outside the area in a central position.,2
sst: H. SonSPURS LEAD! Having been gifted the ball on the halfway line, Spurs run directly at the static visiting back three, and Son lays the ball on for Hojbjerg to calmly slot into the bottom-right corner of the net. An excellent finish, which makes it Spurs 1-0 Villa!,1
Choupo-Moting brings down Tempelmann, giving away an ill-advised free-kick in dangerous territory down Freiburg's right. What can the visitors do with this? There will be four added minutes.,2
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Thomas Muller leaves the pitch with an assist and what is likely to be the winning goal. Not a bad outing for him. Choupo-Moting is on for him.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #18Before the corner's taken, Bayern make a few more changes to see the game out. Martinez replaces Goretzka.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29The 17-year-old England U21 midfielder Musiala is also on for Coman.,0
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Flick responds immediately by making substitutions for Bayern. Tolisso comes on for Kimmich.,0
Asst: L. SanéGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 2-1 FREIBURG! Thomas Muller gives Bayern the lead again! Sane chests down a cross for Muller. Muller fires his shot into the ground and it bounces nicely into the far bottom corner.,1
Asst: N. HöflerGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 1-1 FREIBURG! Petersen scores with his first touch! Hofler flicks the corner to the far post with his head and Petersen arrives to power it into the net! Neuer claws it out, making a second fantastic stop to send the ball over the crossbar, but Petersen's goal stands!,1
Roland SallaiSC Freiburg · Striker #22Holer is Freiburg's last player to come on, replacing Sallai. Streich hasn't given up on a Freiburg equaliser yet.,0
Ermedin DemirovićSC Freiburg · Striker #11Petersen replaces the quiet Demirovic up front next.,0
Lukas KüblerSC Freiburg · Midfielder #17Tempelmann replaces Kubler first, presumably to prevent him getting injured too.,0
Amir AbrashiSC Freiburg · Midfielder #6Haberer comes on for Freiburg to give Hofler his third midfield partner of the match. Let's see if Haberer lasts until the end of the game.,0
Sallai picks up a quick yellow card for a rash challenge on Davies in Bayern's half.,2
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Sane trots onto the pitch to replace the stricken Gnabry. Gnabry is able to walk off unaided which is a good sign.,0
Hofler picks up an early yellow card for a poor challenge on Gnabry down Bayern's right. He can have no complaints.,2
sst: T. MüllerGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 1-0 FREIBURG! Bayern catch Freiburg cold with Lewandowski slotting coolly into the bottom right corner from Thomas Muller's throughball. That didn't take long.,1
Kelechi IheanachoLeicester City · Striker #14Daka comes on for Iheanacho. Will the Nigerian striker be left to rue his big chance when the scoreline was 2-0?,0
Asst: B. MbeumoThe Bees are back in it!!! It's another excellent goal, this time from Wissa. Mbeumo lays it off to him, before he cuts onto his right foot. He then drills a shot towards the right side of goal, and into the back of the net past the diving Schmeichel to make it 2-1.,1
innock is yellow-carded, after he cynically brings down Maddison as the Leicester man charged forward.,2
Dewsbury-Hall goes in the book, after he clatters into Mbeumo in midfield.,2
Rico HenryBrentford · Defender #3That was Henry's last action of the game, as he is replaced by Fosu.,0
Kristoffer AjerBrentford · Defender #20Roerslev is on for Ajer at right-back.,0
Timothy CastagneLeicester City · Defender #27Castagne, the scorer of the excellent goal that put Leicester 1-0 up, makes way for Evans.,0
Maddison finds the top corner!!! It is indeed Maddison who takes the free-kick, and his curled right-footed effort gets up and over the wall, before dipping under the bar. Raya tries his best to get across, but he can't quite get there and the ball nestles in the top left of his goal to make it 2-0.,1
Asst: H. BarnesWhat a goal!!! Barnes lays it back to Castagne just outside the box, before the Belgian full-back takes a touch and lets fly with his right foot. His drilled shot flies into the top corner, giving Raya absolutely no chance to make it 1-0 to the Foxes.,1
oopmeiners is booked for a slight pull of Chong's shirt as he looked to break away in midfield. There was definitely a tug, but he absolutely chucked himself to the ground.,2
Laird is booked for a foul on Stengs, chopping him down as the forward looked to lead a counter from a corner.,2
Oussama IdrissiAZ Alkmaar · Striker #11Youth academy product Ouwejan comes on for Idrissi, who was electric in the first half and nowhere to be seen in the second.,0
Harry MaguireMan United · Defender #5Jones gets a run-out as well, as he replaces Maguire.,0
Ashley YoungMan United · Defender #18And now a second United switch, Laird replacing Young.,0
Yukinari SugawaraAZ Alkmaar · Striker #26Another change from AZ, who are shutting up shop by the looks of things. Defender Vlaar on for Sugawara.,0
Asst: J. MataGOAL! 4-0 United, Greenwood at the double and United are running riot! Matic intercepts a lazy pass upfield and finds Mata. He passes to Greenwood at the right corner of the area, he comes infield and fires a powerful left-footed finish in at the near post.,1
Dani de WitAZ Alkmaar · Midfielder #10AZ make a change, Druijf on for De Wit.,0
enalty GoalGOAL! 3-0 United, Mata fires the penalty home. He goes left-footed towards the bottom-right corner. Bizot goes the right way, but it's hit with too much power for him to get a touch.,1
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9Martial's 50th appearance in European football is over. He's done very little during it, and is now replaced by Chong.,0
idtsjo is booked for protesting to the referee. He was definitely fouled by Garner in the build-up to the goal, but there's no VAR to check it out.,2
GOAL! That might just be that, Greenwood makes it 2-0! Garner wins the ball from Midtjso 20 yards out and it drops to Greenwood, who takes a touch and fires an excellent left-footed finish into the bottom-right corner from range.,1
Asst: J. MataGOAL! Young scores, United lead 1-0! Williams and Mata combine down the left before Pereira finds his way out of a corner with a beautiful bit of footwork around Svensson. Matic then threads Mata in down the left and while his pull-back across goal doesn't look to have found anybody, Young fires in an excellent finish into the roof of the net from a tight angle at the far post.,1
Clasie is the first man to be booked. A pass from De Wit in midfield cannons of Sugawara's boot and inadvertently puts Martial in behind. Clasie sees yellow for fouling him.,2
Ricardo Domingos Barbosa PereiraLeicester City · Defender #21,0
Adam HložekLeverkusen · Striker #23Hlozek has replaced Fosu-Mensah - Alonso is clearly keen to shore up the defence.,0
José María GiménezAtlético Madrid · Defender #2Felix has come on for Gimenez in a late roll of the dice for Atletico.,0
imenez is also shown a yellow card for his part in the incident.,2
Moussa DiabyLeverkusen · Striker #19Henrique has come in for Diaby, who's done a lot of running out there tonight.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Cunha has been brought on for Morata in a bid to offer Atletico something different in attack.,0
Edmond TapsobaLeverkusen · Defender #12Tapsoba has been substituted, with Tah entering the fray in a straight swap in defence.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiLeverkusen · Striker #17Adli has come on to replace one of Leverkusen's goalscorers, Hudson-Odoi.,0
sst: Y. Ferreira CarrascoGOAL! Atletico make it 2-2 through half-time substitute De Paul. The Argentine received a pass at the edge of the box and then turned before guiding his effort past Hradecky and into the back of the net. A superb finish that sparked raucous celebrations.,1
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10De Paul has replaced Correa - Simeone is clearly intent on shoring up the midfield.,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Saul has come on in place of Hermoso - looks like a switch to a more offensive formation.,0
Asst: N. AmiriGOAL! Correa loses the ball in the buildup before it's funnelled into Hudson-Odoi in the penalty area - he finishes clinically past Oblak.,1
Asst: A. GriezmannGOAL! Carrasco draws Atletico level and makes it 1-1. The Belgian received the ball at the edge off the box and unleashed a low, driven, first-time finish that flew into the bottom left corner of the net. A superb, decisive strike.,1
Asst: A. HložekGOAL! Diaby scores to put Leverkusen 1-0 ahead. He received the pass well inside the box, adjusted his body and finished coolly past Oblak.,1
Romelu LukakuRoma · Striker #90Roma make a late change as they look to shore up their defence in the final few minutes. Llorente comes on for Lukaku.,0
Leandro ParedesRoma · Midfielder #16Bove will enter the game in the final few minutes of the match, and he will replace Paredes.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7De Rossi makes an alteration in midfield, with Aouar entering the fray. Pellegrini makes way.,0
Paulo DybalaRoma · Striker #21De Rossi makes an alteration in attack, with Abraham coming on to replace Dybala.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #10Leao is also replaced in the forward line, with Okafor entering the fray.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Midfielder #11Pioli makes a change in attack as Milan search for an equaliser, with Pulisic heading to the bench to be replaced by Chukwueze.,0
oftus-Cheek has his name taken by the referee for illegally halting a Roma counter-attack.,2
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Pioli makes the first change of the game, with Adli coming into midfield in place of Bennacer.,0
ristante has his name taken after bringing down Loftus-Cheek as Milan looked to counter-attack.,2
Pulisic receives a yellow card for stopping a Roma counter-attack with a reckless challenge.,2
Asst: P. DybalaGOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-0 ROMA!! From the resulting corner, Dybala delivers a dangerous ball into the box, and Mancini peels away from his marker. He gets up well and glances towards goal, and it flies into the bottom corner, leaving Maignan rooted to the spot! That’s his second goal in the competition this season!,1
San Emeterio clumsily hauls Gavi down and becomes the latest player booked. The Cadiz man can have no complaints.,2
Kessie goes into the book for a similar incident to that which saw De Jong cautioned earlier on. Barcelona are frustrated with that decision.,2
Robert LewandowskiBarcelona · Striker #9Lewandowski leaves the pitch to a standing ovation as Xavi rests his star striker. Raphinha is on, which means Torres will move into a central striking role.,0
Roger MartíCádiz · Striker #15Ramos comes on as Cadiz's fifth and final substitute. He replaces Roger, who has been bright during a difficult game.,0
Rubén AlcarazCádiz · Midfielder #4Meanwhile, Cadiz are making another switch. San Emeterio is on for Alcaraz in the engine room.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21It's Xavi's turn to use his bench. De Jong makes way for Kessie after being cautioned.,0
De Jong is booked following a collision with Alcaraz. That looked extremely harsh, with the Cadiz man holding his face following the slightest bit of contact.,2
Théo BongondaCádiz · Midfielder #10Bongonda is the final man replaced, with Sobrino entering the fray.,0
Gonzalo EscalanteCádiz · Midfielder #17Alejo replaces Escalante, allowing Fernandez to drop into the heart of midfield.,0
Brian OcampoCádiz · Midfielder #14Cadiz make their first changes of the game. Ocampo is replaced by Lozano.,0
lcaraz trips Torres after the Barca man skips past two challenges on the right flank, and is deservedly booked. Cadiz are struggling to contain Torres.,2
sst: S. RobertoGOAAAAAL! IT'S A QUICKFIRE DOUBLE FOR BARCA AS LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! 2-0! Cadiz's defensive efforts are in tatters as Lewandowski gets his first goal at Camp Nou since October 2022. Roberto drives to the edge of the box and pokes a pass into Lewandowski, who steadies himself and drills into the bottom-left corner!,1
GOAAAL! ROBERTO PUTS BARCELONA AHEAD! 1-0! The league leaders make the breakthrough at the second attempt as Roberto converts. Torres drives past three challenges and lifts a perfect cross onto the head of Lewandowski. His effort is brilliantly blocked on the line by Carcelen, but Roberto is on hand to side-foot home!,1
Roger is the first man booked for a clumsy challenge on Garcia.,2
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9With minutes left to play in his 50th Serie A appearance, Lukaku comes off to be replaced by Pinamonti. ,0
Cristiano BiraghiFiorentina · Defender #3Fiorentina make their fifth and final change of the match with Barreca coming on for Biraghi. It remains 2-0. ,0
Pulgar is the latest player to go into the book after cynically blocking Gagliardini as Conte’s side looked to break.,2
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Inter are forced into making their third change. The injured Perisic goes off and is replaced by Darmian.,0
artinez Quarta goes in late on Gagliardini and picks up a yellow card for fouling the midfielder deep inside Inter’s half. ,2
Valentin EyssericFiorentina · Midfielder #92It is a triple change for the hosts. Eysseric makes way for Pulgar. There are 16 minutes of normal time left to play. ,0
Lorenzo VenutiFiorentina · Defender #23Fiorentina make their second change of the match. Malcuit comes on for Venuti. ,0
Alexis SánchezInter · Striker #7Just after the hour mark, Conte introduces Martinez, as he enters the fray in place of Sanchez. ,0
Eysseric delivers an inviting corner from the right, and Lukaku heads it clear before Amrabat is booked for cynically bringing down Barella as he looked to launch counter. He can have no complaints with that decision. ,2
Asst: A. HakimiGOAL! Inter double their lead! Following some neat link-up play in the centre of the park, Sanchez plays a throughball in behind the hosts’ defence for Hakimi. The wing-back holds off his man and drives into the box, before squaring it for Perisic, who has the simplest of finishes at the far post. 2-0. ,1
Borja ValeroFiorentina · Striker #6Prandelli also looks to freshen things up as he brings on Kouame for Valero.  ,0
Arturo VidalInter · Midfielder #22Conte opts to make one half-time substitution, with Gagliardini replacing Vidal. ,0
Perisic picks up the first yellow card of the match after sliding in and taking out Venuti in an advanced position down the right-hand side of the field. ,2
Asst: A. SánchezWHAT A GOAL! Barella with a wonderful strike! Sanchez opts for a short corner down the left, linking up with Vidal, before the former slides a pass towards the edge of the box for Barella. The Italian gets the ball out of his feet and curls an inch-perfect strike beyond Dragowski and into the bottom-right corner. There was no stopping that! 1-0. ,1
Martin BraithwaiteBarcelona · Striker #9Griezmann will get less than 10 minutes to catch Koeman's eye as he replaces Braithwaite.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Pjanic is also on the field, replacing Busquets in the middle of the park.,0
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2Koeman decides to mix things up at the back, with Mingueza replacing Dest.,0
Sergio GómezHuesca · Striker #10Former Leicester City star Okazaki is now on the field, replacing Gomez for the final 18 minutes.,0
Jaime SeoaneHuesca · Midfielder #20Huesca's third substitution sees Seoane replaced by Ferreiro.,0
Jorge PulidoHuesca · Defender #14Another change for the home side as Ruiz replaces Pulido.,0
Mikel RicoHuesca · Midfielder #17The first change of the night sees Doumbia replace Mikel Rico in the Huesca midfield.,0
Asst: L. MessiGOAAALLLLLL - HUESCA 0-1 BARCELONA - De Jong shows composure and a calm head to fire the visitors into the lead, and it has been coming. Messi spotted his run into the box, and his cross was inch-perfect, allowing De Jong to climb and cushion the ball into the bottom corner. ,1
João FélixBarcelona · Striker #14Barcelona's final change sees the goalscorer, Joao Felix, taken off, with Casado brought on for him.,0
Roger is a bit heavy-handed as he drags Pedri off the ball with an arm on his shoulder. He has his name taken by the referee.,2
Víctor ChustCádiz · Defender #5One last roll of the dice for Cadiz sees Chust taken off, with Pires on in his place.,0
Fermín LópezBarcelona · Midfielder #16Barcelona's fourth change sees Raphinha coming on to replace Fermin for the last 10 minutes or so.,0
he referee thinks that Ter Stegen is taking too long over a goal-kick, so he's booked for time-wasting.,2
Álex FernándezCádiz · Midfielder #8Cadiz are making a triple change now. Fernandez is going off, with Samassekou on in his place.,0
Robert NavarroCádiz · Midfielder #27And Navarro is also making way as he's replaced by Machis.,0
JuanmiCádiz · Striker #9Juanmi, who had a goal disallowed for offside earlier in the second half, is also taken off, with Roger on for him.,0
Hernandez makes no attempt to play the ball as he shoves Fermin in the side to stop his run. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2
Héctor FortBarcelona · Defender #39And Fort is also taken off, with Pedri on in his place.,0
Vitor RoqueBarcelona · Striker #19Roque, who has struggled to get into this game, managing just one shot, is replaced by Yamal.,0
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Barcelona are making a triple change in an attempt to swing the momentum back in their favour. Christensen is the first to go off, with Kounde on for him.,0
Chris RamosCádiz · Striker #16Ramos goes down holding his hip, and his game is coming to an early end after he receives treatment. Gomez comes on in his place, returning from an injury of his own.,0
And Roberto is also booked for starting the pushing around in the first place.,2
obrino is late with a challenge on Joao Felix, and it causes a bit of a stir between both sets of players. Alcaraz goes across to defend his team-mate when he's shoved by Roberto and goes into the book for his involvement.,2
WHAT A GOAL! The latest Barcelona corner is only flicked on by Alcaraz at the near post, and it loops up nicely for Joao Felix on the far side. He goes for the spectacular with an overhead kick, and Ledesma can only watch as it flies past him into the back of the net. 1-0 Barca!,1
Cubarsi has a hand on Carcelen's shoulder, and although there isn't much in it, he's shown the first booking of the game.,2
sst: T. WernerRUDIGER! 3-0! Chelsea finally get the third goal that their play has deserved. Werner drives to the byline before cutting it back to Rudiger - who's still in the box following a corner - and he sweeps a low finish across Lloris and into the bottom corner from 12 yards!,1
Cristian RomeroTottenham · Defender #4Romero makes way for Sanchez in defence.  ,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Midfielder #29Havertz makes way for Werner in attack.,0
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18Lo Celso is replaced by Gil on the wing as Spurs make their second change. ,0
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Tottenham make two changes to try and alter the tide of this game. The first sees Ndombele make way for Skipp in midfield.,0
sst: M. KovačićKANTE! 2-0! Chelsea get a second. Kante receives a pass 25 yards out and proceeds to rifle a low strike that takes a wicked deflection off Dier to trick Lloris. The ball flicks off Dier and spins against the inside of the post, before trickling agonisingly over the line! ,1
sst: M. AlonsoSILVA! 1-0 CHELSEA! The visitors take the lead after a fast start to the half. Silva climbs above Alli to head Alonso's corner across goal and beyond Lloris into the bottom corner! ,1
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount makes way for Kante at half time.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Atleti's final change sees Hermoso replace the potential matchwinner Koke.,0
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #8Despite missing some good chances, Griezmann has put in a good shift, which ends a few moments early. Felipe comes on in his place.,0
In the aftermath of Correa's dismissal, Savic is also booked. Atletico's disciplinary problems are surfacing again.,2
Out of the blue, Atletico go down to 10 men! Correa shoves Catena to the ground in retaliation for a foul and sees a straight red card.,3
Óscar TrejoRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #8Iraola plays another card in hope of stealing an equaliser, as Sylla replaces Trejo.,0
n addition to his goal, Koke goes into the referee's notebook again after a foul on Balliu in midfield. He will be suspended for Atletico's next match.,2
Sergio Guardiola NavarroRayo Vallecano · Striker #16Having been largely starved of service today, Guardiola is replaced by Nteka up front.,0
or a clumsy attempt to dispossess Trejo from behind, Kondogbia is shown a yellow card.,2
fter a mistimed midfield challenge on Kondogbia, the tiring Trejo is booked.,2
Héctor HerreraAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16Having been busy in midfield today, Herrera is taken off; Correa will be his replacement.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Joao Felix is also substituted, as Suarez makes another substitute appearance.,0
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #12Simeone responds with a triple substitution. Lodi ends his shift early, and Kondogbia comes on.,0
Santi ComesañaRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #6Comesana is the second Rayo man to be withdrawn, as Ciss comes on in his place.,0
BebéRayo Vallecano · Midfielder #10The hosts are making a couple of changes. First, Bebe makes way for Palazon.,0
sst: J. FélixATLETI LEAD! After a bright start to the half, Koke exchanges passes with Joao Felix on the edge of the area; receiving the ball on the left side of the box and then steering in a cool finish towards the far post - with Dimitrievski left helpless. Rayo 0-1 Atletico!,1
enalised for a recklessly high-booted challenge on Herrera in midfield, Comesana is justifiably booked.,2
efeated by a sharp turn from Joao Felix, a clumsy challenge by Suarez sees the former Atletico man booked by the referee.,2
The first yellow card of today's game goes to Lodi, for intentionally clipping Trejo around 30 yards from goal.,2
ubo turns away from Kroos and the German brings him down with a late challenge which earns him a yellow card.,2
Iddrisu BabaMallorca · Midfielder #12For Moreno's final change, he brings on 15-year-old Romero for Baba.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Benzema is the other player to make way as Mariano replaces him.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Midfielder #25Zidane makes his final changes of the game with the scorer of the first goal, Vinicius, coming off for Brahim.,0
Mendy pushes Kubo to ground after he misses the ball and is shown a yellow card. Like Modric, he'll also be suspended for their next game.,2
Gareth BaleReal Madrid · Midfielder #11Bale also comes off with Isco on in his place.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Double change from Zidane now and Modric is making way for Asensio.,0
Lago JuniorMallorca · Midfielder #11Moreno makes another change now and it's Salibur that's coming on for Junior.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Midfielder #7Zidane also makes his first change of the game and it's Kroos coming on for Hazard.,0
Ante BudimirMallorca · Striker #22Budimir also comes off with Hernandez on in his place.,0
Martin ValjentMallorca · Defender #24Febas is the other play to come off, with Sevilla brought on for him.,0
AMOS SCORES! Madrid win a free-kick just outside the box after Raillo's handball and the captain steps up to take it. He only takes a short run-up but he gets his effort up and over the wall and Reina has no chance as he finds the top-left corner. 2-0 Madrid!,1
Modric catches Febas in the face with his elbow and receives a yellow card which means he'll miss Madrid's next game.,2
amos takes out Budimir's legs with a late challenge and picks up a booking.,2
Asst: L. ModrićMADRID TAKE THE LEAD! Vinicius runs onto Modric's pass, and it looks like Bale got in his way at first, but he reaches it. He gets his head up and keeps his cool as he fires his shot over Reina into the back of the net. 1-0 Madrid! ,1
Budimir receives an early yellow card after he catches Varane in the face with his elbow when they both went for the ball.,2
sst: A. VidalSANCHEZ SCORES! Inter finally have a fourth goal! It has been coming, and this time, Empoli couldn't keep them out. Dzeko gets a yard of space on Ismajli on the left of the box and puts a low cross into the far post which is helped on by Vidal. None of the Empoli defenders are picking up Sanchez, and he fires his shot in from close range. 4-2 Inter!,1
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #19Inter are making their last change now, with Sanchez coming on in place of Correa.,0
Riccardo FiamozziEmpoli · Defender #20Final roll of the dice for Empoli here as Fiamozzi is taken off and replaced by Benassi.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Fourth change for Inter now, and it's Dumfries that's making way, with Darmian on in his place.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Defender #32And Dimarco is also taken off, with D'Ambrosio coming on in his place.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez won't have the chance to go for a hat-trick as he makes way as well. Dzeko comes on for him.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Inter are making a triple change here, and Calhanoglu is the first player to go off. Vidal comes on to replace him.,0
Leo ŠtulacEmpoli · Midfielder #5And Stulac is also taken off, with Ismajli on in his place.,0
Federico Di FrancescoEmpoli · Striker #11Di Francesco tried to carry on, but it looks like that earlier problem is going to force him off. Just seven minutes after coming on, he makes way for Cutrone.,0
Martinez took his shirt off for his celebration and he's the first player to go into the referee's book.,2
MARTINEZ SCORES! And Inter lead for the first time in this game! Barella's clipped cross is blocked by Fiamozzi, but he can only put it back into the danger zone. Martinez is waiting on the penalty spot and he fires it past Vicario with a first time shot into the net. 3-2 Inter!,1
Szymon ŻurkowskiEmpoli · Midfielder #27Empoli are making a double change here. Zurkowski is first to go off, with Henderson on in his place.,0
Nedim BajramiEmpoli · Striker #10And Bajrami, who has struggled to make an impact on this game, also goes off, with Di Francesco replacing him.,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluMARTINEZ EQUALISES! And just like that, Inter are level! Barella nicked it off Asllani before setting Inter on a quick counter. He threads it through to Calhanoglu, who pulls it back for Martinez. He hits the shot first time and rifles it past Vicario. There's a quick VAR check to see if it was a foul from Barella in the build-up. It wasn't, so it's 2-2!,1
Asst: R. FiamozziASLLANI SCORES! It was a simple long ball over the top from Fiamozzi that caught out Inter's defence and Asllani just popped up behind De Vrij to bring it down with a lovely first touch. Handanovic rushes out to him and Asllani drills it at him, with the shot taking a deflection off the keeper before rolling over the line. Skriniar can't keep it out, and it's 2-0 Empoli!,1
Asst: S. ŻurkowskiPINAMONTI SCORES! It's another quick break from Empoli, with Zurkowski driving forward down the right. He fizzes a wonderful low cross into the box and Pinamonti makes a run across De Vrij before stretching to touch it past Handanovic, who was static on his line. 1-0 Empoli!,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Bayern take the opportunity to use up a few more valuable seconds for Cologne. Gnabry off. The Spanish midfielder Roca on.,0
Wolf earns himself a yellow card for clattering into Kimmich near Bayern's corner flag. Bayern will take that just fine.,2
Asst: J. ThielmannGOAL! COLOGNE 2-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Cologne's crosses into the box finally pay off. Jakobs' cross falls for Thielmann whose shot takes a kind deflection off Drexler and into the net. Drexler might claim it was a flick - it's his goal either way! The offside flag initially goes up but VAR takes a look and it stands! We have a game again!,1
Sebastian AnderssonKöln · Striker #9There are a few more substitutions. Cologne first. The 19-year-old Nigerian striker Arokodare is on for Andersson who hasn't had much service.,0
Javi MartínezBayern · Midfielder #8Bayern make a change now. Alaba is on for the pacemaker Martinez.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Sane also trudges off. The Juventus loanee Douglas Costa will take his place on the flank.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Choupo-Moting's game is over. The striker's worked hard up front for Bayern here. The young Dutchman Zirkzee replaces him up top.,0
Jannes HornKöln · Defender #23Last to go is Jannes Horn who was beaten for Gnabry's goal. Katterbach replaces him at left-back.,0
Dimitris LimniosKöln · Midfielder #15Limnios, another muted Cologne player, is next to see his number up. The 18-year-old winger Thielmann replaces him.,0
Ellyes SkhiriKöln · Midfielder #28First off is the quiet Skhiri. On comes the more attacking midfielder Drexler.,0
sst: J. KimmichGOAL! COLOGNE 0-2 BAYERN MUNICH! A Cologne attack breaks down and Kimmich finds Gnabry making a run down the right. Gnabry bears down on the box, cuts onto his left foot and curls a precise shot into the far bottom corner. It's a clinical goal.,1
he referee reaches into his pocket and shows a yellow to Pavard. It deserves no worse than that - the Frenchman's challenge was ill-timed rather than malicious.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! COLOGNE 0-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Muller steps up to take the penalty and dispatches into the bottom right corner. Timo Horn dives the right way but it's just underneath him.,1
Choupo-Moting receives the game's first yellow card for that foul on Ozcan. He can have no complaints.,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu comes off for Asllani as Inter continue to make changes.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries gets involved in an awkward tangle with Leris and is forced to limp off the field of play. Taking no chances, Inzaghi immediately sends Bellanova on to replace him.,0
Filip ĐuričićSampdoria · Midfielder #7Djuricic makes way with 12 minutes left as Rincon is called into action.,0
Manolo GabbiadiniSampdoria · Midfielder #23Montevago is given a chance in the late stages of the match with the booked Gabbiadini making way.,0
Asst: F. AcerbiINTER MAKE IT THREE! 3-0! Another counter-attacking goal for the hosts, with Correa driving from penalty area to penalty area before dispatching a lovely shot into the top corner! It’s a fantastic strike from the substitute!,1
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Inter also make an alteration in defence with the booked Bastoni replaced by Acerbi.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Inzaghi swaps his strikers as Dzeko comes off for Correa.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez is also given a rest with 22 minutes remaining, with Lukaku brought on in his place.,0
Vieira runs across the path of Martinez on a counter-attack and picks up Sampdoria’s sixth yellow card of the game.,2
Francesco CaputoSampdoria · Striker #10Pussetto is on for Caputo as Sampdoria continue to chase the result.,0
Bastoni's late tackle leaves Djuricic on the ground in a heap. The foul leads to a bit of a scrum between the two teams with the Italy international defender shown a yellow card.,2
Gabbiadini is shown a yellow card for a heavy and mistimed challenge on Calhanoglu.,2
erre catches Martinez on the knee with a sliding challenge in midfield and receives a yellow card.,2
Gonzalo VillarSampdoria · Midfielder #4Verre is sent on for Villar just before the Inter free-kick.,0
 frustrated Djuricic wrestles Mkhitaryan to the ground and receives a yellow card for the infraction.,2
Gerard YepesSampdoria · Midfielder #28The booked Yepes comes off at the interval for Vieira.,0
Asst: A. BastoniINTER DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE BEFORE THE INTERVAL! 2-0! It’s as direct as it can be from Inter as Bastoni launches a long pass up the field from deep in his own half, which is latched onto by his international team-mate. Barella takes a touch to set himself before blasting a powerful shot that leaves Audero with no chance!,1
Colley's rash sliding tackle on Martinez earns the defender a yellow card.,2
sst: H. ÇalhanoğluINTER BREAK THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Calhanoglu swings a corner-kick into the penalty area, where it’s met by the rising De Vrij, who nods it powerfully past Audero!,1
Yepes receives the first yellow card of the game for an ill-advised tackle that brings Barella down from behind.,2
Asst: K. MbappeGOOOOOAAALLLL!!! PSG HAVE TAKEN THE LEAD! Oh my word, what a turnaround. Mbappe got on the end of Neymar’s slick pass and kept his calm to send in a low cross with, of all people, Choupo-Moting on hand to tuck it home.,1
sst: NeymarGOOOOAAAALLLL!!! PSG ARE LEVEL! Neymar gets in at the far post and puts it into the six-yard box. Marquinhos gets a toe on it, with Caldera only able to divert it in. It’s 1-1!,1
eymar is barged into by Palomino down on the flank, and Atalanta’s defender receives a booking.,2
Duván ZapataAtalanta · Striker #91Zapata, meanwhile, is the other player to make way. Teenager Da Riva is on for his Champions League debut.,0
Robin GosensAtalanta · Midfielder #8We’re into the closing stages, and there will be two changes for Atalanta. First, Castagne has replaced Gosens.,0
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #18After a disappointing performance, Icardi has made way for Choupo-Moting.,0
Keylor NavasPSG · Goalkeeper #1A final two changes from PSG. First, Navas has been forced off with that injury, with Rico on in his place.,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27More changes for PSG, as Tuchel rolls the dice. Paredes is on, replacing Gueye.,0
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21Draxler has also come on, with Herrera the man to make way.,0
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Striker #88Atalanta's goalscorer Pasalic has made way, with Muriel coming on.,0
oloi has become the fourth Atalanta player to receive a booking.,2
Berat DjimsitiAtalanta · Defender #19Palomino is also on for Atalanta, replacing Djimsiti.,0
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Striker #19And here is Mbappe for PSG! Tuchel has had little choice but to turn to the striker, who has replaced Sarabia. Can he inspire the French side?,0
Papu GómezAtalanta · Midfielder #10Changes are afoot! Atalanta have made a move, with captain Gomez making way for Malinovskiy.,0
Another booking for PSG, as they begin to get frustrated. Herrera has received a caution for bundling into Gomez.,2
Atalanta threaten to break, but Bernat halts them in their tracks with a robust challenge on Pasalic, with the full-back receiving a booking.,2
A booking for De Room, who brought down Neymar in Atalanta's half.,2
Asst: D. ZapataGOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! ATALANTA TAKE THE LEAD! What a strike from Pasalic, who has curled a wonderful effort beyond Navas, who could only help it in. Zapata bundled the ball through to him, and Pasalic showed no hesitation. Atalanta 1-0 PSG.,1
nother yellow card, it's Meslier who goes into the book for time wasting,,2
Well, well, well things just go from back to worse for Wolves. Substitute Matheus Nunes, who hasn't even entered the pitch today, is shown a red card for his reaction to that goal standing. This game has been riddled in incident!,3
Asst: C. SummervilleGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! 4-2! GAME, SET AND INDEED MATCH TO LEEDS UNITED! Wolves had to gamble and Leeds strike on the counter! The hosts think there's a foul on Traore in front of the dugout from 8, but he didn't play to the whistle and Summerville nips in to play the ball to Rodrigo, who coolly lifts the ball over Sa. Michael Salisbury goes over to the touchline to take a look at this one, and you would think this will get overturned...but it hasn't been! The referee has stuck with his original decision and that is definitely game over!,1
It's been a very busy afternoon for Michael Salisbury, this time Gomes sees yellow for a trip on Roca.,2
Yep, there are no complaints from Jonny. The full-back - scorer of Wolves' first goal - knew it was coming, he was practically going off before Salisbury had even checked it. He's not a dirty player, but it was an awfully timed challenge and Ayling is lucky not to have suffered more damage in truth.,3
Junior FirpoLeeds United · Defender #3And Firpo, who has had a torrid time of it up against Traore, will be relieved to take his seat on the bench as Struijk enters the action.,0
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Leeds now turn to their bench as Aaronson is replaced by Summerville in the first of a double switch.,0
Rúben NevesWolves · Midfielder #8One Portuguese maestro is replaced by another as Moutinho enters the fray for Neves.,0
t's another booking now, this time for a really silly push from Roca on Traore, who is absolutely battering this Leeds defence.,2
GOAAAAAAAAAAL! 3-2!! WOLVES ARE RIGHT BACK IN THIS NOW!! The following corner is initially cleared as is a follow-up cross, but it lands at the feet of Cunha, whose shot form just inside the area deflects off Wober, wrong-foots Meslier, and finds the bottom-right corner. This is absolutely breathless stuff!,1
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Rodrigo, who is still on the comeback trail following ankle surgery in January, enters the fray to replace Bamford. It's a like-for-like swap with both forwards having endured injury problems this campaign.,0
HOLD THE PHONE!!! WOLVES HAVE A GOAL BACK! Meslier comes out to make a headed clearance, the ball eventually is kept in the air off a Leeds boot into the path of Jonny, who nonchalantly lifts his volley over the stranded goalkeeper! Is there life in Wolves yet? They still trail 3-1...,1
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! WHAT AN IMPACT FROM KRISTENSEN, HE'S BARELY BEEN ON THE PITCH A MINUTE! 3-0 TO LEEDS AND THREE HUGE, HUGE POINTS HEADING TO YORKSHIRE! Harrison keeps the ball alive to play the ball across the face of the goal. Jonny tries to be too cute with his defending and Kristensen robs him of the ball, takes a touch out of feet, and drills into the bottom-left corner!,1
Wilfried GnontoLeeds United · Midfielder #29Gnonto's return to the starting XI lasts a little over an hour as Kristensen comes on to offer a little more defensive stability. It's been a fine outing for the Italy teenager, who set up Leeds' opening goal.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Another double change here by Lopetegui, who brings on the rapid Traore for Podence.,0
Nélson SemedoWolves · Defender #22And, somewhat sensibly, the booked Semedo - who really has struggled today - is off for Cunha.,0
Semedo is the latest name in the book. It's lazy defending, square up against Gnonto and he pulls his opponent to the ground to earn a deserved yellow.,2
sst: M. RocaGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!! CAN YOU BELIEVE IT? Moments after seeing a goal ruled out at one end, Wolves receive a complete sucker punch at the other end, and it is awful defending! Roca's corner from the right sails across to the back post where a completely unmarked Ayling can stoop low to nod over the line. That is a huge, huge goal for Leeds - who now lead 2-0 - and Wolves have a monumental task on their hands now!,1
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Lopetegui has also switched his pack further forward with Neto surprisingly withdrawn for Sarabia.,0
Craig DawsonWolves · Defender #15Dawson, who was walking the proverbial disciplinary tightrope, is replaced at the back by Collins in the first of a Wolves double change at half-time.,0
That's a little silly from McKennie, whose attempt at playing keep-the-ball to delay Wolves' taking of the free-kick leads to a little tangle with Neto and his own name being put in the book.,2
 third booking of the game and that's both Leeds full-backs cautioned now. Firpo is late with his sliding tackle on Lemina in the centre of the pitch.,2
That's a painful one for Harrison. Dawson lunges in on the winger and catches his ankle. That's maybe fortunate not to be upgraded to a red card, Harrison's poor first touch perhaps giving him a reprieve.,2
yling is the first player to go into the book. Kilman finds Jonny on the left flank and the Wolves full-back gets around the Leeds man, who crudely tugs and clips his opponent just outside of the left area of the penalty box.,2
Asst: W. GnontoOOOFT!!! WHAT A START FOR LEEDS UNITED! Just six minutes in the visitors lead. Koch spreads a lovely ball out of to the left flank where Gnonto ghosts past Semedo and cuts back for Harrison, who strikes high into the roof of the net! 1-0 to Leeds!,1
Lucas Gourna-DouathRB Salzburg · Midfielder #27Gourna-Douath is the latest player to be substituted for Salzburg, with Capaldo coming on in his place.,0
Oscar GloukhRB Salzburg · Midfielder #30Forson enters the fray in place of Gloukh, who scored Salzburg's only goal of the game so far.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez is replaced by Klaassen as Inzaghi looks to see out the game.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Inzaghi makes another substitution with Calhanoglu replaced by Asllani in midfield.,0
Mads BidstrupRB Salzburg · Midfielder #18Bidstrup's game is over with Konate coming off the bench to replace him.,0
Maurits KjærgaardRB Salzburg · Midfielder #14Dorgeles is the next player to enter the fray as Klaergaard makes his way off the pitch.,0
Roko ŠimićRB Salzburg · Striker #23Salzburg make another change as Ratkov comes on in place of Simic.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Darmian enters the fray in place of Dumfries on the right-hand side.,0
Alexis SánchezInter · Striker #70Sanchez leaves the pitch after opening the scoring in the first half, with Thuram coming on to replace him.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL!! 2-1 INTER!! After Frattesi was brought down in the box by Gourna-Douath, Inter have the chance to score from the penalty spot. Calhanoglu steps up and drills the ball into the bottom corner, sending Schlager the wrong way. The Italian side retake the lead!,1
Asst: M. KjærgaardGOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! 1-1!! SALZBURG EQUALISE! Simic latches onto a long ball in behind the Inter defence and controls superbly. He tees up Kjaergaard just outside the penalty area, but the midfielder shows excellent composure to spot the run of Gloukh. The young forward receives the pass inside the box and dispatches it beyond Sommer and into the back of the net. A fantastic team goal from the Austrian side!,1
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Inter make a change at the break, with Barella coming on in place of Mkhitaryan.,0
Gourna-Douath picks up Salzburg's second yellow of the match after dragging his opponent to the ground.,2
The referee is forced to award his second yellow of the game as Mkhitaryan wipes out Bidstrup in the middle of the pitch with a late challenge. He can have no complaints.,2
Simic is the first player to go into the referee's book after a foul just outside the Inter box.,2
Asst: D. FrattesiGOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 INTER!!! Sanchez opens the scoring at San Siro! Mkhitaryan picks up the ball just outside the penalty area and looks to play a throughball towards Frattesi. The Italian midfielder failed to control the pass, but took it away from the Salzburg defender and into the path of Sanchez, who perfectly placed a strike beyond the goalkeeper and into the back of the net!,1
Politano blocks a pass with his hand and is booked for handball.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! OSIMHEN GETS HIS GOAL!!!!! 4-2 NAPOLI!!!!! Osimhen gets on the scoresheet as he robs Blind and slots the ball into an empty net. The forward applies pressure on the Ajax defender at the back and capitalises on his mistake. Pasveer is out of position and can only watch as Osimhen rolls the ball home.,1
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Zielinski makes way for the home side and is replaced by Gaetano.,0
esus brings down Conceicao with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Steven BerghuisAjax · Striker #23Conceicao enters the action to replace Berghuis for the closing stages.,0
Steven BergwijnAjax · Striker #7Bergwijn's last action in the game is to score from the penalty spot. Ocampos replaces the winger.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BERGWIJN GIVES AJAX HOPE!!!!! 3-2!!!!! The visitors are back in the game again as Bergwijn converts from the spot. He goes high with his strike, dispatching his right-footed attempt past Meret. Game on.,1
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Kvaratskhelia continues to enhance his reputation with another fine display. The Georgia international is replaced by Elmas for the final 13 minutes.,0
Hirving LozanoNapoli · Striker #11Spalletti takes the chance to withdraw Lozano to replace him with Politano.,0
ergwijn clips Lozano's ankles as he tries to break upfield. He goes into the book.,2
varatskhelia was too quick and skilful for Sanchez and now he draws a foul from Bassey. The Ajax defender goes into the book.,2
Jorge SánchezAjax · Defender #19Sanchez is withdrawn from the Ajax backline as Baas replaces the defender.,0
Mohammed KudusAjax · Striker #20Brobbey replaces Kudus in the final third for the visitors.,0
Kenneth TaylorAjax · Midfielder #8Taylor is struggling with an injury and is replaced by Grillitsch in the Ajax midfield.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KHARATSKHELIA CONVERTS!!!!! 3-1 NAPOLI!!!!!! The Italian outfit regain their two-goal cushion as Kvaratskhelia holds his composure from 12 yards. He hammers his effort high into the top-left corner away from Pasveer's despairing dive. A fine strike.,1
imber is booked for his handball that results in the Napoli penalty.,2
lvarez lunges and brings down Lobotka on the charge. The midfielder goes into the book.,2
Giacomo RaspadoriNapoli · Striker #81Raspadori is withdrawn by the home side in the final third for Osimhen.,0
André-Frank Zambo AnguissaNapoli · Midfielder #99Anguissa makes holding the back of his right leg. Ndombele replaces the midfielder for the hosts.,0
sst: C. BasseyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KLAASSEN GETS ONE BACK!!!!! 2-1!!!! Ajax are back in the game as Klaassen plants a header past Meret. Bassey finds space down the left flank and clips a cross into the middle. Klaassen rises unmarked and powers his header into the bottom-left corner through the hand of the Napoli keeper. Game on.,1
Sanchez hauls Kvaratskhelia to the ground after being turned inside and out by the winger. He goes into the book.,2
aylor catches Lobotka on the boot with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: K. KvaratskheliaWHAT A HIT FROM RASPADORI!!!!! 2-0 NAPOLI!!!!!! Spalletti's men extend their lead through a stunner from Raspadori. Kvaratskhelia races down the left flank and feeds the forward on the edge of the box. Raspadori takes a touch before rifling a left-footed strike past Pasveer into the top-left corner. A super effort.,1
Asst: P. ZielińskiWHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NAPOLI SCORE THROUGH A SUPER TEAM MOVE!!!!! The home side pick up from where they left off last week by cutting through Ajax and Lozano finishes with a sublime header. He gathers on the right flank and cuts inside before laying an offload to Zielinski. Lozano continues his run into the box and Zielinski releases him with a sumptuous ball over the top. Lozano takes it out of the air first-time, steering his header away from Pasveer into the top-left corner.,1
Torrente picks up a yellow card for a late challenge on Cunha. ,2
Luis SuárezGranada · Striker #9Suarez receives a huge cheer as he is replaced by Bacca for the final few minutes. ,0
Monchu gets himself into trouble after diving into Hermoso on the edge of the Atletico box.,2
Isma RuizGranada · Midfielder #26With Ruiz on a yellow card, Moreno is taking no chances as Monchu enters the game in his place.,0
Jorge MolinaGranada · Striker #23A sensible move from Moreno as he brings off veteran Molina, with Eteki now on in his place.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Simeone looks to be freshening up his midfield as Lodi replaces Carrasco with 12 minutes remaining.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Suarez also makes way, as Simeone sends on Cunha for the final 22 minutes.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Here comes the cavalry as Correa replaces De Paul in the first of three Atletico subs.,0
Geoffrey KondogbiaAtlético Madrid · Defender #4Simeone appears to have changed the system, with Kondogbia replaced by midfielder Herrera.,0
ranada goalkeeper Maximiano has been booked for time wasting.,2
Darwin MachísGranada · Midfielder #11Machis' night is over as he appears to have suffered an injury, with Escudero his replacement.,0
Asst: L. SuárezGOAAAALLLL - GRANADA 2-1 ATLETICO - VAR has overruled the onfield decision, and the goal stands. Molina's sliding effort at the near post was just enough to beat Oblak, and Suarez's cross was well-placed, allowing him to slide onto it with power.,1
Santiago AriasGranada · Defender #2Arias' substitution is now confirmed, with Diaz his replacement.,0
Asst: J. MolinaGGOAAAAALLLL - GRANADA 1-1 ATLETICO - Granada draw level thanks to a sublime long-distance effort from Machis. The Granada winger picked up possession near the touchline before gliding his way infield. Rather than go for goal straight away, he decided to try and move more centrally. That decision paid dividends, as Atletico failed to close him down, and he punished them with a beautiful curling shot into the top corner.,1
e Paul is the first player booked tonight, and he is a little unlucky there, with the referee claiming he struck Machís with a stray arm. Replays suggest the Granada player went down cheaply, but the officials think otherwise. ,2
sst: T. LemarGOAAALLL - GRANADA 0-1 ATLETICO - WHAT A START! Felix scores his second goal of the season, and it is one to remember for the youngster. He received the ball from Lemar near the halfway line, beat several players for pace before curling his shot into the far corner. Superb goal and just what Atletico were looking for!,1
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Barca make a conservative change with Kessie replacing Raphinha.,0
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Striker #10Meanwhile, Barca replace Fati with Balde in a change that epitomises Xavi's intention to see out this one-goal lead.,0
JuanpeGirona · Defender #15Martin also enters the action with Ramirez making way.,0
Rodrigo RiquelmeGirona · Midfielder #17Girona make a double-change. The first sees Casals replace Riquelme.,0
artinez goes into the book after catching Alba late while looking to maintain Girona's pressure from a corner.,2
Valentín CastellanosGirona · Striker #9A double-change for Girona. The first sees Stuani replace Castellanos.,0
Yan CoutoGirona · Midfielder #20Meanwhile, Couto is unable to continue after picking up a knock. He goes off to be replaced by Villa.,0
sst: J. AlbaPEDRI!!! 1-0 BARCA! The visitors take the lead just after the hour mark. Following a patient build-up, Gazzaniga can only help Alba's inviting cross into the path of Pedri, who makes no mistake in finding the empty net from close range.,1
Yangel HerreraGirona · Striker #21Activity on the Girona bench with Fernandez replacing Herrera.,0
Gavi slides in late on Martinez and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Marcos AlonsoBarcelona · Defender #17Barca make a change at the break with Alba replacing Alonso.,0
astellanos leads with his arm and catches Busquets in the face. He also has his name taken.,2
Fati slides in and catches Gazzaniga late as he looked to keep a Barca attack alive. He subsequently receives the game's first yellow card.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Dembele signals to the bench that he cannot continue. The winger is replaced by Pedri.,0
t's 3-0 to PSG! It's that man Mbappe again, as he is found by Dagba after some clever link-up play on the right-hand side with Simons. Dagba drags it back to Mbappe, who makes no mistake as he smashes it into the back of the net.,1
enalty GoalIcardi makes it 2-0! He steps up and puts his penalty to his left, sending Le Meur the wrong way. It's a really long way back for the fifth-tier team now.,1
enalty GoalMbappe makes it 1-0 from the spot! He steps up confidently and smashes it to his left. Le Meur actually gets a hand to it, but the power is simply too much and it nestles in the back of the net.,1
Asst: A. WestwoodGOOOAAALLL! Burnley break the deadlock right at the end of the game, it's 1-0! Surely that's the winner by Rodriguez. Westwood whips a deep cross into the box after a quick counter by the visitors and Rodriguez gets above Stacey and powers a header into the back of the net.,1
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth make a late substitution, with Billing coming off and he has been replaced by Solanke.,0
Dwight McNeilBurnley · Midfielder #11Burnley make their third and final substitution now, with McNeil heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Brady.,0
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Another Burnley change now, with Barnes replaced by Rodriguez.,0
Jeff HendrickBurnley · Midfielder #13Burnley make their first substitution of the game, with Hendrick the man coming off and he has been replaced by Lennon.,0
Another yellow card is produced, this time to Hendrick after his challenge on Fraser. This means that he will be booked for Burnley's next game against Everton on Boxing Day.,2
rancis is now booked for his sliding tackle on Barnes, just inside the Bournemouth half of the pitch as the visitors looked to break away on the counter.,2
That's three yellow cards within a minute! McNeil is now shown a yellow card for his challenge on Stacey.,2
Barnes is also booked for the shove on Rico, a needless booking to pick up.,2
Rico sees the ball go out of play for a Burnley throw and picks up the ball to stop the visitors from taking it quickly. However, Barnes gets annoyed by this and he shoves the defender to the floor. The Cherries left-back is booked.,2
Lewis CookBournemouth · Midfielder #16Bournemouth have made a substitution at half time, with Cook the man coming off and he has been replaced by Wilson.,0
Westwood is the first player to be booked here, after his foul on Rico, shoving him to the ground.,2
Carrasco gets a yellow for pulling Portu back whilst Getafe were on the attack. A very obvious booking and Portu is understandably not happy. The resulting free-kick doesn't lead to much.,2
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Felix should certainly be happy with his performance tonight. He is replaced by Correa.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Morata comes off to thunderous applause by the away supporters, making way for Cunha.,0
Enes ÜnalGetafe · Striker #10And that's both Getafe strikers off as Unal is replaced by Mata.,0
sst: J. FélixGRIEZMANN GETS IN ON THE ACTION, AND IT'S THREE FOR THE VISITORS!!! He receives the ball just outside the box, takes a few touches to get himself more central, and somehow manages to shoot the ball in between two defenders to score.,1
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Getafe defenders surely aren't happy to see this substitution, with Griezmann coming on for Lemar.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Defender #17Niguez, who has been targetted by Getafe all game makes way for Carrasco.,0
Asst: J. FélixIT'S TWOOOOO!!!! AND IT'S THE FELIX-MORATA COMBINATION AGAIN. Getafe lose the ball in such a key area and it's a critical mistake. Felix passes it onto Morata, who smashes the ball into the roof of the net.,1
Carles AleñáGetafe · Midfielder #11Alena makes way for Portu, who can offer a bit more of an attacking threat from midfield.,0
Asst: J. FélixGOAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! That didn't take long! Atleti find the gaps and capitalise. They win the ball back in midfield and it's Morata whose left-footed shot finds the bottom left corner, giving the visitors the lead.,1
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #10Mavropanos comes on for Paqueta to shore up the West Ham defence for the closing stages.,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20Bowen makes way for the hosts after another productive game. Fornals replaces him.,0
Jayden BogleSheffield United · Midfielder #20Trusty enters the action to replace Bogle down the right flank.,0
Cameron ArcherSheffield United · Striker #10Brewster replaces Archer in the final third after a frustrating day.,0
Gustavo HamerSheffield United · Midfielder #8Ben Slimane is on for Hamer in the Blades midfield.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Kudus replaces Antonio in the final third as Bowen moves into the middle.,0
Edson ÁlvarezWest Ham · Midfielder #19Benrahma comes onto the field to replace Alvarez, which will see Ward-Prowse drop back.,0
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28Davies enters the action to replace McAtee in the Blades midfield.,0
John EganSheffield United · Defender #12Egan is forced off with a leg injury and is replaced at the back by Basham.,0
Alvarez brings down Bogle in the West Ham half and goes into the book.,2
Asst: M. AntonioGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! SOUCEK MAKES IT TWO!!!! 2-0!!!!!!! The Hammers extend their advantage as Soucek bundles the ball past Foderingham. Hamer sees his pass out wide intercepted by Emerson, who finds Antonio with his offload. Antonio spots the run of Soucek in the box and the midfielder manages to get enough power behind his left-footed strike to score before he falls over. West Ham are in command.,1
Asst: V. CoufalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BOWEN FINISHES A SUBLIME TEAM MOVE!!!! 1-0 WEST HAM! Bowen puts the Hammers ahead with a composed finish from 12 yards to complete a flowing move. Bowen starts the attack with an offload to Soucek, who then releases Coufal in acres of space down the right flank. The right-back produces a fine cutback to fine Bowen in stride in the box and he steers his effort away from Foderingham into the bottom-left corner.,1
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Striker #22West Ham also make another change as we enter five minutes of stoppage time. Benrahma is replaced by Fornals.,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Odegaard makes way now, with Nketiah on as Arteta goes for broke.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Antonio also makes way to a standing ovation, with Cornet taking his place.,0
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #11Moyes finally turns to his bench. Downes comes on for the lively Paqueta.,0
Kieran TierneyArsenal · Defender #3Arteta turns to his bench again. Vieira comes on for Tierney in what represents a positive change.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Nelson – who hit a last-gasp winner against Bournemouth last month after coming on as a substitute – also enters the fray, replacing Martinelli.,0
resswell becomes the first West Ham player to be booked after the referee plays advantage following a pull on Trossard.,2
Thomas ParteyArsenal · Midfielder #5Trossard is on for Arsenal, replacing Partey after the midfielder's error provided the catalyst for West Ham's comeback.,0
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9Jorginho is also entering the action. Surprisingly, Jesus is the man withdrawn by Arteta. He had arguably been Arsenal's best performer.,0
Asst: T. KehrerGOAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BOWEN LEVELS FOR WEST HAM! Arsenal clear a Coufal throw-in as far as Kehrer, who lifts the ball back in behind the Gunners backline. Bowen times his run to perfection to stay onside and finds the net on the volley via a touch from Ramsdale! The London Stadium is rocking now! 2-2!,1
esus becomes the second Arsenal player to be booked, chasing back to make a cynical foul on Antonio, who had launched a menacing break on the left flank.,2
artey is all over the place now. The midfielder concedes possession to Benrahma before chasing the Algerian and tripping him in a dangerous position. Partey goes into the book, and West Ham have a chance to swing a set-piece into the area.,2
Penalty GoalBENRAHMA CONVERTS! GAME ON! After a nervous wait, Benrahma slots the spot-kick into the bottom-right corner, sending Ramsdale the wrong way. Out of absolutely nowhere, West Ham are back in this contest! 2-1!,1
sst: G. MartinelliGOAAAAAL! IT'S 2-0 AS ODEGAARD VOLLEYS HOME! West Ham are all at sea as Martinelli – who looked to be limping in the aftermath of the first goal – faces up to Coufal on the left-hand side of the box. The Brazilian lifts a superb cross towards the back post, where Odegaard is left completely unmarked to volley through Fabianksi's legs! West Ham are in real trouble already!,1
sst: B. WhiteGOAAAAAL! ARSENAL LEAD THROUGH JESUS! What a move from the Gunners, and they have the lead in this London derby! Saka dances into the area and finds Partey, who in turn lays the ball off to Odegaard. The Arsenal skipper slides a great pass through to White, whose low cross is tapped in by Jesus! 1-0!,1
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Milner replaces Thiago for the closing stages in the Liverpool midfield.,0
Asst: R. FirminoWOW!!!!! WHAT A HIT BY ALEXANDER-ARNOLD!!!! 3-1 LIVERPOOL!!!!! The Reds surely wrap up the three points with a thunderbolt from Alexander-Arnold. He latches on to a lay-off from Firmino 25 yards from goal and lines up a blast on his right foot. Referee Mike Dean does well to get out of the way before the ball explodes off the boot of Alexander-Arnold and finds the top-left corner past the outstretched hand of Dubravka.,1
Ryan FraserNewcastle · Midfielder #21Willock replaces Fraser for the closing stages of the game.,0
Hayden slides in hard on Firmino and goes into the book for the visitors.,2
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Striker #10Saint-Maximin limps off the field and is replaced by Wilson in the final third. Howe will hope that the injury to Saint-Maximin is not a serious one.,0
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Midfielder #15Oxlade-Chamberlain is withdrawn for Keita in the middle of the park for the Reds.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Firmino replaces Salah in the final third. A surprising move by the Reds with the game still in the balance.,0
Fraser surges at the Newcastle defence and is clipped by Henderson. The Liverpool skipper goes into the book and hands the Magpies a free-kick in a threatening position.,2
Fraser brings down Oxlade-Chamberlain on a surge forward and goes into the book.,2
oelinton pulls back Salah on the charge and goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! SALAH FIRES LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!!!! 2-1!!!!!!! The Reds take the lead as Salah hammers home from close range. Shelvey gifts the ball straight to Mane on the edge of the Newcastle box and appears to clip the forward. Mane stays on his feet and fires at goal, only to be denied by Dubravka. The rebound falls kindly for Salah, who smashes a left-footed strike into the bottom-right corner.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! JOTA LEVELS ON THE REBOUND!!!! 1-1!!!!!!! Liverpool are back in the game through Jota, albeit in controversial circumstances. Newcastle clear a corner from Robertson from the left flank, but Hayden remains down clutching his head in the six-yard box. Liverpool play on and Mane sends a cross to the back post. Jota connects with a header from close range that Dubravka saves, but the rebound falls straight back to the forward to score on the rebound.,1
Jamal LewisNewcastle · Defender #12Lewis is forced off with a hamstring injury and is replaced by Ritchie.,0
HAT A GOAL!!! SHELVEY SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 NEWCASTLE!!! The former Liverpool man hands the Magpies the lead on the break. Fraser clips a cross into the box that Thiago steers straight into the path of Shelvey. The midfielder lines up a strike on his right foot that bends away from Alisson into the bottom-left corner. What a start for the visitors.,1
Inter break up a late Lazio attack and with the final whistle yet to blow, Dumfries sets off on the counter. He bursts past Romagnoli but is clipped late with a poor challenge, and the Lazio defender is shown a yellow card moments prior to the referee blowing for full-time.,2
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Martinez rounds off the comeback!!! Vecino's back-pass is aimed at no-one in particular, and Martinez gladly latches onto the loose ball. Bearing down on goal, his initial shot is saved by Provedel, but the ball ricochets back into the Argentine's path and Martinez slots it into the empty net. 3-1 to Inter, and the Nerazzurri will claim the points after completing a remarkable late turnaround!,1
Elseid HysajLazio · Defender #23Hysaj is also withdrawn, with Manuel Lazzari coming on to replace the starting Lazio left-back.,0
Adam MarušićLazio · Defender #77Lazio also make changes of their own, as recently booked right-back Marusic comes off for Luca Pellegrini.,0
Robin GosensInter · Defender #8Gosens was injured in the act of scoring that goal, and Stefan de Vrij comes on for the German to bolster Inter's defence.,0
sst: R. LukakuGOOOOAAAALLL!! They've turned it around!!! The San Siro rises as Lukaku has the ball on the edge of the box. Urged to shoot, he instead floats the ball to the back post, where Gosens arrive very late to leap and volley into the back of the net! He and Provedel clattered into one another as he struck goalwards, but Inter won't care as they now lead 2-1!,1
The Nerazzurri counter after breaking up a promising Lazio attack, and Lukaku has it on the left. He knocks the ball past Marusic, but is brought to ground as the two give chase and the full-back is shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: R. LukakuGOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Inter finally get their equaliser!! Gosens slides in to knock the ball forward for Lukaku, who continues his superb hold-up play and turns on the edge of the box. He slips it through to Martinez, who slides in to crash the ball beyond Provedel and into the bottom corner! 1-1 as we approach the last 10 minutes, and this game is anyone's to win from here!,1
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Bastoni is the next player off for Inter, and another wing-back in the form of Robin Gosens enters the field, leaving Inter's back-line with only one natural centre-back!,0
Ciro ImmobileLazio · Striker #17Immobile comes off having been somewhat of a passenger in the second half so far, and the introduction of Pedro will see him occupy the right flank as Anderson moves into the central role.,0
Bastoni is closed down quickly by two Biancocelesti players and is quickly dispossessed by Milinkovic-Savic. Anderson races away with the ball but is pulled back by the Inter defender, who is shown a yellow card for the foul.,2
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22A like-for-like replacement is also made in midfield, as Hakan Calhanoglu comes on for Mkhitaryan.,0
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #11Further changes come up front for Inter, as Lautaro Martinez enters the fray in place of Correa.,0
Danilo CataldiLazio · Midfielder #32Cataldi intervenes with a crucial block to prevent Barella from shooting inside the box, but he's been carrying a knock for a few minutes now and Matias Vecino comes on to replace the Lazio regista.,0
Danilo D'AmbrosioInter · Defender #33Inter make one change at the break, as Denzel Dumfries comes on for booked Nerazzurri captain D'Ambrosio.,0
Zaccagni turns in-field and races away from D'Ambrosio, but is taken to ground by the Inter captain with the referee not hesitant to show the defender a yellow card.,2
sst: L. AlbertoGOOOOAAALLLL!!!! Lazio make Inter pay!! The Biancocelesti are dealt the ultimate kick in proverbial teeth after Acerbi is dispossessed by Anderson. He plays a one-two with Alberto on the edge of the box, before firing a low shot past Onana and into the bottom corner! Inter denied at one end, and within minutes, Lazio strike at the other to take a 1-0 lead!,1
Barella turns away from Zaccagni and is caught late by the Lazio wideman, who is shown the first yellow card of the game by the referee.,2
Axel TuanzebeMan United · Defender #38Van de Beek replaces Tuanzebe as Solskjaer bolster his attacking options with his team behind.,0
Alex TellesMan United · Defender #27Shaw replaces Telles down the left flank for the home side.,0
David McGoldrickSheffield United · Striker #17McGoldrick is withdrawn by the visitors for Brewster.,0
Asst: J. LundstramGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BURKE PUTS SHEFFIELD UNITED BACK IN FRONT!!!!!! 2-1!!!! Out of nowhere the visitors regain the lead. Martial loses possession and it allows the Blades to break forward. Lundstram probes down the right flank and finds Burke, who sees his first shot blocked. Sheffield recycle possession and Lundstram offloads to Burke once more. He connects with a firm effort that deflects off the thigh of Tuanzebe before striking the underside of the bar and into the net.,1
Billy SharpSheffield United · Striker #10Burke replaces Sharp in the final third for the visitors.,0
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Midfielder #11Cavani enters the action to replace Greenwood in the final third.,0
sst: A. TellesGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MAGUIRE EQUALISES!!! 1-1!! The home side are level as Maguire scores against his hometown club. Telles puts his delivery from a corner on the left flank on the mark towards the penalty spot. Maguire gets a march on Jagielka and sends his header low into the bottom-right corner, giving Ramsdale no chance.,1
Kean BryanSheffield United · Midfielder #29Bogle replaces the goalscorer Bryan for the visitors.,0
Tuanzebe slides in hard with a poor challenge on Fleck and goes into the book.,2
undstram pulls back Rashford in the middle of the park and goes into the book.,2
Asst: J. FleckGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BRYAN HEADS THE BLADES IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!!! The bottom club in the Premier League take the lead at Old Trafford as Bryan converts from close range. Fleck puts his delivery from the right flank on the money towards the near post. Bryan rises highest and gets there ahead of De Gea before guiding his header into the net with the aid of the left post.,1
A second time-wasting related booking for Fulham, as Leno is shown the yellow card for his delay in taking a goal kick.,2
Daniel JamesFulham · Striker #21James comes off having been a complete nuisance from Everton's point of view. His goal looks to have sealed the points for Fulham, as Carlos Vinicius comes off for the last few moments of the game.,0
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #6Reed does come off after cramping up on the touchline, and Fulham's Janaury signing Sasa Lukic replaces the opening goalscorer late on.,0
darabioyo takes an age to take the resultant free-kick, and is also shown a yellow card for time-wasting by the referee.,2
Mykolenko rashly flies in on Wilson and gets absolutely none of the ball, but does receive a yellow card from the referee and is rather lucky to do so.,2
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20Willian has been superb down the flanks for Fulham in this game, but comes off now for Bobby De Cordova-Reid to see it out.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Pereira also comes off, and Fulham's club captain Tom Cairney is in the number 10 role for the final few minutes.,0
Neal MaupayEverton · Striker #20Maupay heads off for Everton with just over 15 to go at Goodison, and Ellis Simms, the man he replaced in the XI ahead of this game, enters the fray.,0
Tete skips away from Gray down the right, but is caught late from behind by the Everton winger, who concedes the free-kick and is promptly shown a yellow card.,2
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Gueye comes off in Everton's second change of this half, as Tom Davies comes on to see out the game in midfield.,0
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! It's a third for Fulham!! A long free-kick finds James on the fly, and after his first touch ricochets off Keane, he uses the second to slot the ball into the far corner, beating Pickford for Fulham's third of the game! 3-1 to the visitors, and if this one-way traffic continues in the second half, there'll be no way back for Everton from here.,1
Ben GodfreyEverton · Defender #22Godfrey heads off the field having suffered a concussion, and is replaced by Nathan Patterson, who could well provide a greater attacking threat from right-back than Godfrey, who is a natural central defender.,0
sst: WillianGOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! The visitors re-take the lead!!! A Tete cross from the right finds Willian at the far post, who scoops the ball back into the centre of the box. It looks like anyone's to hit, but Wilson arrives first to side-foot the ball into the corner and send Fulham 2-1 up! Lead restored, and the Cottagers will aim to ensure that they can retain it from here.,1
sst: J. GarnerGOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Everton equalise with a fantastic finish!! Gueye slides in to dispossess Palhinha in the heart of midfield, and Garner arrives to play the ball forward to McNeil. He turns away from Reed, and sends a low drive beyond Leno's reach and into the bottom corner!!! 1-1 at Goodison Park, and what a contest we have on our hands here!,1
Pereira looks to dribble into space outside the box, but he's clipped from behind by Gueye and loses a boot in the process, with the Toffees midfielder subsequently booked by the referee.,2
sst: D. JamesGOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Fulham fire themselves into the lead!!! Reed finds Wilson with a cross-field pass, who cuts inside and curls a shot goalwards. The ball rattles Pickford's right post, but comes back out to James. He keeps the ball alive in the box, and Reed is on hand to finish off the move he started! 1-0 to Fulham, and Everton's defence was stretched beyond repair there!,1
As tensions continue to rise, Kolo Muani is cautioned after the PSG forward hacks at the ankles of Locko.,2
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Mbappe leaves the pitch to a chorus of jeers, as Mukiele comes on to replace the France forward.,0
or his gesture to the crowd in celebration, Mbappe is cautioned by the referee. That takes the yellow card count to six, even though it was at zero less than 10 minutes ago!,2
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! 3-2 PSG! After waiting an age, Mbappe stands over the spot-kick. The France international goes to his left, but sees Bizot save the penalty. However, the PSG superstar is there on the rebound to tap into an empty net and restore the visitors’ lead!,1
The referee continues to flash the cards as goalkeeper Bizot is shown a yellow card for his efforts to delay the penalty.,2
eemingly arguing with Bizot, Fabian is also cautioned as Mbappe still stands over the spot-kick. That is five yellow cards in a matter of minutes!,2
Martin is also cautioned for his role in the scuffle before Mbappe can take the spot-kick. The Brest midfielder seemed to push the PSG forward.,2
akimi, seemingly trying to defend the penalty spot from Brest players, is shown a yellow card for his part in a confrontation with several of the hosts' players.,2
or his foul that led to the penalty, Brassier is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Steve MounieBrest · Striker #9Lage also comes on for the industrious Mounie.,0
Romain Del CastilloBrest · Midfielder #10Del Castillo is hauled off for centre-back Dari.,0
Lee Kang-inPSG · Midfielder #19Lee, who assisted Mbappe's first-half goal, comes off for Vitinha.,0
Jérémy Le DouaronBrest · Midfielder #22The impressive Le Douaron also trudges off for Satriano.,0
Mahdi CamaraBrest · Midfielder #45Brest make another change as Martin replaces Camara.,0
Hugo MagnettiBrest · Midfielder #8Roy also opts for his first change of the game, bringing on Doumbia for Magnetti.,0
Bradley BarcolaPSG · Midfielder #29As part of a double change, Barcola also makes way for Dembele. Both the PSG substitutes started in midweek against Milan, with Luis Enrique looking to his first-choice attacking options.,0
Gonçalo RamosPSG · Striker #9Luis Enrique has seen enough and sends on Kolo Muani for Ramos.,0
Asst: R. Del CastilloGOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! BREST ARE BACK ON LEVEL TERMS! Del Castillo floats an inviting right-sided corner towards the near post, where Le Douaron glances a header towards the bottom-left corner. Donnarumma is unmoved as the winger’s flick-on nestles into the back of the net, clipping the left post on the way in. Roy’s side restore parity to make it 2-2!,1
sst: K. LalaGOOOALLLLLLLLL! BREST PULL ONE BACK! Roy’s side have a lifeline after making it 2-1 on the stroke of half-time. Lala has so much time on the right-hand side to get his head up and whip an inviting centre towards the near post. Mounie manages to work his way in front of Danilo before heading into the ground and past Donnarumma. Game on!,1
sst: K. LeeGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! 2-0 PSG! Luis Enrique’s visitors double their lead from a rapid counter-attack. The away side wrestle back possession on the edge of their own area before Lee sends an inviting ball in behind the Brest defence. Mbappe powers into the space before making it into the area, where he threads a right-footed finish past Bizot with the help of a deflection off Chardonnet.,1
Asst: B. BarcolaWHAT A GOALLLLLLLLL! 1-0 PSG! Barcola slips past a few Brest tackles before offloading to his right for Zaire-Emery. The teenage midfielder takes a few touches out of his feet before arrowing a right-footed strike into the top-left corner. Bizot had a long way to see that long-range effort but could not get anywhere near it!,1
lmost to continue teasing Antony, Doku glides down the left-hand side before the United winger concedes a corner. In the build-up, Fernandes hacks at the City forward with a lunging tackle and rightfully is shown a yellow card.,2
Antony has a petulant kick at Doku, swiping at the winger’s ankles. The United forward then squares up to the Belgium international, and goes into the book for his child-like behaviour. That was embarrassing from the former Ajax man.,2
Jack GrealishMan City · Midfielder #10The superb Grealish also makes way for Doku, who gets his first taste of Manchester derby action.,0
Julián ÁlvarezMan City · Midfielder #19Guardiola brings Kovacic on for Alvarez. The Croatia midfielder will make his debut against United.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14Antony gets a few minutes in the closing stages as the winger replaces Eriksen.,0
Asst: E. HaalandGOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 3-0 TO CITY AND GAME OVER! Grealish takes an age to draw Dalot out before offloading to Rodri, who marauds forward before his left-footed strike is parried away by Onana. Haaland is quick to the rebound before sliding across the face of goal for Foden to tap into an empty net. The Red Devils have been embarrassed and outclassed by their noisy neighbours!,1
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2Regular full-back Reguilon also comes on for makeshift left-back Lindelof.,0
Rasmus HøjlundMan United · Striker #11Jeers ring around Old Trafford as Ten Hag sends on Garnacho for Hojlund.,0
sst: B. SilvaGOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 2-0 CITY! Guardiola’s visitors tear United to pieces at Old Trafford. Alvarez arrows a diagonal pass for Grealish, who offloads to Silva on the overlap. The Portugal International makes it to the byline before clipping a left-footed cross towards Haaland, who heads into an empty net at the back post. The Premier League champions are in complete control!,1
Sofyan AmrabatMan United · Midfielder #4Mount replaces Amrabat at half-time. An attacking change from Ten Hag ahead of the second half.,0
mrabat, who initially reacted with needless aggression to Foden's foul, also goes into referee Tierney's book. That is perhaps the most fight United have shown all half.,2
Amrabat and Foden go head-to-head with one another after a scuffle in the middle between the pair. Referee Tierney takes stock of the situation, calling the pair over. The City winger is not best pleased when seeing a yellow card brandished in the air.,2
enalty GoalGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! CITY STRIKE FIRST! After Hojlund’s needless tug on Rodri, Haaland hovers over the spot-kick in front of the Stretford End. The Norway international strokes his penalty into the bottom-right corner as Onana dives the wrong way. 1-0 to Guardiola’s visitors!,1
Before the penalty can be taken, Onana is shown a yellow card for wasting time and delaying Haaland’s spot-kick.,2
Pierre Lees-MelouNorwich City · Midfielder #20Lees-Melou is the next Canaries player to come off, and youngster Jon Rowe will replace him.,0
GGOOOOOOAAALLLL!!!! Ronaldo steps up and smashes the free-kick through the wall and into the bottom corner!!!! Krul gets two hands to it but can only push it into the corner, and it's 3-2 to Manchester United!!!,1
Alex TellesMan United · Defender #27Telles is also withdrawn by Ralf Ragnick, and Marcus Rashford comes on for him.,0
Paul PogbaMan United · Midfielder #6Pogba comes off for United, and is replaced in midfield by Juan Mata.,0
Kieran DowellNorwich City · Midfielder #10Goalscorer Dowell comes off too, and Przemysław Płacheta takes his place out wide.,0
Kenny McLeanNorwich City · Midfielder #23McLean comes off in Norwich's first change, and he's replaced by Billy Gilmour.,0
Jesse LingardMan United · Midfielder #14Lingard comes off in United's first change, and Nemanja Matic will replace him.,0
Asst: K. DowellGOOOAAAALLL!!! Norwich are level!!!! Dowell splits the Red Devils' defence wide open and puts Pukki into the clear, and the striker beats De Gea to slot the ball in at the near post!!! What a response from Norwich, and we're locked up at 2-2!!!,1
Asst: T. PukkiGOOOAAALLL!!! Norwich pull one back! Giannoulis plays in Pukki, who's got free of Lindelof, and crosses to Dowell at the back post who heads in! We're back at 2-1, and it's game on here!,1
sst: A. TellesGOOOAAALLL!!!! Ronaldo has two!!! The Portuguese gets away from Gibson and rises high at the front post, heading the ball down and beyond Krul into the back of the net!!! 2-0 to United, and both have come from their number seven.,1
sst: A. ElangaGOOOAAALLLL!!! The Reds break the deadlock!!!! After being denied by Krul from long range, Ronaldo opens the scoring!!! Elanga picks Gibson's pocket in his own box, and tees up Ronaldo to slot into an empty net!!! 1-0 to the hosts in no time at all!,1
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Kvaratskhelia comes off after another superb evening for the winger. Lozano is on in his place.,0
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Juve make another sub in central midfield with Rabiot making way for Soule.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Ndombele also comes on with Zielinski replaced in central midfield.,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Napoli turn to their bench again as Osimhen makes way to a huge round of applause as Raspadori comes on to replace him.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #7Iling also comes on with Chiesa making way.,0
Ángel Di MaríaJuventus · Striker #22Juventus make another double change with Di Maria off and replaced by Miretti.,0
sst: G. Di LorenzoGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! IT'S FIVE!!! This is becoming a rout for the league leaders against Juventus. Di Lorenzo has the ball on the right-hand flank and feeds Elmas. The winger has a lot to do but he cuts inside beautifully to beat Kostic and his strike deflects off Sandro and into the back of the net.,1
Mário RuiNapoli · Defender #6Napoli turn to their bench again with left-back Rui replaced by Olivera.,0
sst: K. KvaratskheliaGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! OSIMHEN WITH ANOTHER!! 4-1!! The goal has been coming as Juventus pushed forward and it is Kvaratskhelia at the heart of it again. Bremer again is sloppy with the ball and the ball is given to Kvaratskhelia. The Georgian makes no mistake and stands up the perfect cross for Osimhen who towers above the Juve defence and slams it into the net.,1
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Kean also comes on to lead the Juventus line with Milik coming off.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Juventus turn to their bench after the goal with a double change. Locatelli comes off shortly after his collision with Osimhen and Paredes replaces him.,0
Asst: K. KvaratskheliaGOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! 3-1!!!! Napoli restore their two-goal lead and what a time for Rrahmani to find his first goal of the season. Kvaratskhelia whips the ball in and the ball heads all the way through to Rrahmani. It is a sweet strike from the centre back and it flies into the back of the net. There is a VAR check for offside but the goal stands and it's a huge one for Napoli.,1
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Politano has picked up a knock in that first half and makes way with Elmas coming on in his place.,0
anilo flies into a rash challenge on Kvaratskhelia and the Juventus defender is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Asst: A. MilikGOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS PULL ONE BACK! 2-1!! That two-goal lead didn't last long and it is Di Maria with the crucial goal. He jinxes his way onto the edge of the box and the ball squirms past Kim and somehow finds Milik. He lays it back to the onrushing Argentine who finishes well past Meret to drag his Juventus side right back into this game.,1
Asst: V. OsimhenGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! 2-0!!!! Napoli double their lead out of nowhere and it is Kvaratskhelia with the composed finish. It's a hopeful ball into the box but Bremer makes a meal of it and gives away the ball cheaply to Osimhen in the box. He selflessly squares it across to Kvaratskhelia who opens up his body and fires it past Szczesny into the far post.,1
OOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! NAPOLI LEAD!!! Just moments after that chance, Osimhen puts Napoli ahead. Di Lorenzo feeds it to Politano on the left wing and the Napoli forward's cross finds Kvaratskhelia. The Georgian's effort is acrobatic but saved well by Szczesny. However, the Juventus goalkeeper can only push it out into the path of Osimhen who nods it into the unguarded net.,1
De Jong stretches for the ball after taking a loose touch and clatters into Depay, earning himself a late yellow card for the rash challenge.,2
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8Pedri is brought off late for Barca, having been integral to the feisty midfield battle we've seen for the full 89 minutes so far. Another youngster is his replacement, in the form of the 20-year-old Fermin Lopez.,0
ancelo tries to dribble his way out of defence and does well up until deciding to stick out a forearm which catches Correa, and he's shown a yellow card as Barca prepare to defend yet another dangerous free-kick!,2
ino gets goal-side of Kounde from a Griezmann throughball and hits the deck after being fouled, but the yellow card instead goes Araujo's way after his protests towards the referee overstep the mark!,2
orres' first involvement sees him chop down Correa with a woefully late tackle, and he goes into the book almost immediately after coming on!,2
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #11The hosts make a double change in the wide positions, with the ever-lively Raphinha coming off first for 16-year-old La Masia starlet Lamine Yamal.,0
João FélixBarcelona · Striker #14Joao Felix also heads for the sidelines having haunted his parent club with what looks like being the winner, and Ferran Torres is on to see out the game in his place.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Saul Niguez also comes on for the Rojiblancos, replacing booked captain Koke in the centre of midfield.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Further changes coming for Atletico, as Morata heads off for former Barcelona striker Memphis Depay to take his place in their attack.,0
Correa dispossesses Joao Felix deep in his own half and looks to race away with the ball, but is dragged back and to ground by the Barcelona goalscorer, winning a free-kick as Joao Felix goes into the book!,2
oao Felix drops deep to collect an inside pass from Cancelo, but he's hauled down by Azpilicueta before he can turn to run with the ball. The Atletico defender is shown a yellow card almost immediately after coming on, and that's him under immediate pressure for the rest of the half!,2
José María GiménezAtlético Madrid · Defender #2Gimenez also comes off having been booked in the first half, and Samuel Lino is on in the Uruguayan's place.,0
Nahuel MolinaAtlético Madrid · Defender #16Cesar Azpilicueta is also on for the second half, and he'll replace Molina in a defensive reshuffle for Atletico.,0
Rodrigo RiquelmeAtlético Madrid · Defender #25Diego Simeone was clearly far from happy with his side's first-half performance, and makes a whopping three changes at the break! The first sees youngster Riquelme withdrawn, with Angel Correa coming on in his place out wide.,0
tleti's corner is easily cleared by the Blaugrana and Raphinha sets off down the touchline. His counter-attack is cut short when he's tripped late by Koke, and it's as textbook a yellow card as you're ever likely to see for the Rojiblancos captain.,2
Witsel clips the heels of Joao Felix as the goalscorer looks to turn and sprint away from him, and the Atletico defender can have no complaints at the yellow card brandished by the referee.,2
imenez clambers up the back of Lewandowski to win a defensive header, leaving the Barca striker on the deck and earning the game's first yellow card from the referee.,2
Asst: RaphinhaGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Barca open the scoring as Joao Felix comes back to haunt his parent club!!! The Blaugrana move the ball forward at speed and Raphinha drifts inside to charge into open space. His throughball into the path of Joao Felix takes a deflection, but the Portugal forward reacts brilliantly, chipping over the onrushing Oblak to find the back of the net!!! 1-0 to the hosts, and it's come via the man Atletico Madrid had deemed not good enough for games like this!,1
EKITIKE SCORES! Jeanvier dawdles on the ball and takes too long to play it back to Costil. Ekitike picks his pocket and bursts into the six-yard box before firing past the keeper into the back of the net. Jeanvier is down holding his ankle, but the goal stands, and it's 5-0 PSG!,1
Hamza SakhiAuxerre · Midfielder #22Auxerre are making their last change as well. Sakhi is taken off and replaced by M'Changama.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6Final change for PSG now, and it's Verratti that's going off for Zaire-Emery.,0
Asst: H. EkitikeSANCHES SCORES! It looked like it wasn't going to happen for PSG this time, but Sanches got it in! His first attempt is kept out by a strong hand by Costil, who then does well to push it out of Ekitike's feet to stop him from having a shot. The Frenchman manages to keep hold of it and lay it off to Sanches, who fires it in off the inside of the post. 4-0 PSG!,1
Sergio RamosPSG · Defender #4And Kimpembe is coming on in place of Ramos.,0
NeymarPSG · Midfielder #10Neymar is also making way, with Ekitike replacing him.,0
Lionel MessiPSG · Striker #30PSG are making a triple change here. Messi is the first to go off, with Sarabia on in his place.,0
Mathias AutretAuxerre · Midfielder #29Fourth change for Auxerre now, and it's Autret that's going off for Charbonnier.,0
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #28PSG are making their first change now. Soler, who has a goal and an assist today, is replaced by Sanches.,0
M'Baye NiangAuxerre · Striker #11Auxerre have been waiting a few minutes to make this triple change, and they can after that goal. Niang is the first to go off, with Da Costa replacing him.,0
Paul JolyAuxerre · Defender #26Joly is also being taken off, with Hein on in his place.,0
sst: C. SolerHAKIMI SCORES! And that should do it for PSG! Auxerre committed a lot of bodies forward and PSG punished them on the counter. Hakimi found himself the furthest forward, and he latches onto Soler's throughball and coolly keeps his composure to slot it past Costil, who rushed off his line. 3-0 PSG!,1
SOLER SCORES! Joly loses the ball to Mendes, and he makes a brilliant run into the box, leaving Raveloson on the floor in the process. He lifts it up on the edge of the six-yard box and Soler glances the header on and none of the Auxerre defenders can stop it from bouncing in at the far post. 2-0 PSG!,1
sst: N. MendesMBAPPE SCORES! Auxerre just couldn't clear their lines after PSG's last attack, and Messi keeps it alive by lifting it out to Mendes. He quickly gets his head up before picking out Mbappe at the near post, and he lifts a leg to poke it past Costil. 1-0 PSG!,1
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Bayern's third and final switch sees Muller replaced by Gnabry.,0
Asst: T. MüllerGOOOAL! Perisic makes it 4-0 to Bayern! Muller cuts inside from the right flank before looping an out-swinging cross towards Perisic at the back post, and Jarstein can then only palm the attacker's towering header into the net.,1
Philippe CoutinhoBayern · Midfielder #10Bayern's second change sees Cuisance enter the fray in place of Coutinho.,0
Javairô DilrosunHertha · Midfielder #16Hertha are making another change as Dilrosun is replaced by Mittelstadt.,0
Dodi LukebakioHertha · Midfielder #28Hertha then make their third and final switch as Lukebakio is replaced by Kopke.,0
Boyata is shown a yellow card for dissent towards the referee.,2
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Bayern are making their first change of the match as Dajaku comes on to replace Davies.,0
sst: L. GoretzkaGOOOAL! Thiago makes it 3-0! Bayern now have much more space to exploit in the final third as Goretzka threads a pass through to Thiago on the right-hand side of the box, and the midfielder then edges forward before slamming a pinpoint strike into the top left-hand corner.,1
enalty GoalGOOOAL! Lewandowski makes it 2-0! Lewandowski shows typically excellent composure to send Jarstein the wrong way before slotting the ball into the bottom left-hand corner to net his 20th Bundesliga goal of the campaign.,1
Vladimír DaridaHertha · Midfielder #6Hertha are making their first change of the game as Darida is replaced by Wolf.,0
Jarstein is shown a yellow card for his strong protests following the referee's intiial decision to allow Lewandowski's goal.,2
Asst: I. PerišićGOOOAL! Muller makes it 1-0 to Bayern! Goretzka receives the ball in plenty of space near the right-hand byline before hooking a delivery towards Perisic at the back post, and he then nods it down for the unmarked Muller who thumps his half-volley into the net.,1
avard is booked by the referee following a late tackle on Selke near the byline.,2
arida is shown the first yellow card of the game following a sliding challenge on Thiago.,2
GOALLLL! WISSA WINS IT FOR BRENTFORD! 2-1! Jensen curls in a dangerous delivery and Jansson rises highest to power a header at goal. Fabianski pushes it out, but it falls to Wissa who smashes a volley from eight yards through a crowd of bodies and into the back of the net! ,1
Rice is shown a yellow card after a cynical challenge to stop Wissa breaking away.,2
Zanka gets a yellow card after numerous fouls. The final straw was a trip on Antonio near the byline.,2
anos is shown a yellow card for a foul on Cresswell near the touchline. ,2
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19The second change sees Mbeumo come off for Wissa.,0
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Brentford respond with two changes: the first sees Onyeka make way for Bidstrup in midfield.,0
Asst: T. SoučekBOWEN EQUALISES! 1-1!  West Ham finally draw level. Cresswell's corner ricochets backwards off Soucek, but it falls kindly for Bowen who rifles a vicious half-volley in at the near post from 12 yards!   ,1
orgaard cynically pulls Benrahma back and is shown a yellow card. ,2
ouma trips Toney on the edge of the box, following a brilliant 30-yard run by the attacker. The defender is shown a yellow card. ,2
Shandon BaptisteBrentford · Midfielder #26Baptiste is replaced by Jensen following that injury. It's dreadful luck for Baptiste who's suffered plenty of injuries during his time at the club.,0
MBEUMO! 1-0! Brentford take a deserved lead. Toney slices through the West Ham defence with a crisp throughball for Canos. Canos races through on goal before firing an angled drive from 12 yards that Fabianski pushes away! However, it runs perfectly for Mbeumo who knocks in the rebound despite a despairing save from Fabianski beyond the goal-line!,1
sho is booked for dragging Rashford to the ground. The United forward would have had a clean run through if not for that intervention.,2
Rasmus HøjlundMan United · Striker #11There will be no hat-trick goal for Hojlund as he is taken off with four minutes of normal time remaining. Amrabat is on to provide some midfield steel.,0
Alfie DoughtyLuton Town · Midfielder #45Berry provides some fresh legs for Luton in place of Doughty.,0
indelof is cautioned for a pretty poor challenge in midfield. The referee did well to let play continue before then reaching into his pocket.,2
Mainoo is the latest player to be cautioned after lunging in on Clark, who was charging through on the United goal. Replays show he actually got a touch to the ball first so that is very harsh.,2
Townsend, on the field for a matter of seconds, rather clumsily drags down Rashford on the edge of the Luton penalty area to earn himself a yellow card and concede a free-kick in shooting range.,2
Tahith ChongLuton Town · Midfielder #14Clark has been brought on in place of former Manchester United player Chong with a little over 20 minutes to play.,0
Cauley WoodrowLuton Town · Striker #10Townsend is also brought on for Luton in place of Woodrow. There is still plenty of time to find an equaliser - and indeed a winner.,0
Harry MaguireMan United · Defender #5Having watched a chaotic first period, Ten Hag makes a double switch at half-time. Evans comes on for Maguire, who was already on a caution, at centre-back.,0
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18Casemiro was fortunate to not receive his marching orders before the break and the midfielder also comes off for McTominay.,0
Luke ShawMan United · Defender #23Another blow for United. Shaw is unable to continue, as was the case last time out against Villa, and makes way for Lindelof. The visiting defender will slot in as a makeshift left-back.,0
hat are you doing, Maguire? The United centre-back needlessly fells the onrushing Morris, earning a yellow card for a terribly timed tackle and also conceding a free-kick in a dangerous area.,2
There's no escaping this one. Casemiro trips the marauding Bell and the referee has no option but to show a yellow card to the United midfielder.,2
Shaw commits a cynical foul, barging into the way of Ogbene, who was powering down the right flank. The United left-back joins Woodrow in the referee's book.,2
Woodrow is cautioned after attempting to delay the restart from United's free-kick just inside the visitors' half.,2
OOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! LUTON PULL ONE BACK! What a chaotic start! The Hatters are back in this clash as they make it 2-1. Chong drives from the inside left-hand channel before his right-footed strike deflects off Maguire. The looping ball evades Shaw and Morris nips in front of Onana to head under the United goalkeeper. The hosts have a lifeline.,1
Asst: A. GarnachoGOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 2-0 UNITED! This could almost be game over for Luton, who have struggled to get going at Kenilworth Road. Shaw angles a left-sided corner that is cleared at the near post. Garnacho volleys from the edge of the area, although a wicked right-footed effort deflects off Hojlund’s chest and catches Kaminski going the wrong way. The United striker appeared to mean it, too, and what a finish to double his account!,1
GOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! UNITED STRIKE AFTER JUST A MINUTE! The Red Devils roar into an early 1-0 lead as Hojlund finds the net for a sixth straight Premier League game. A long Casemiro clearance hangs in the sky before Bell makes a mess of his attempted hook away. Hojlund bursts through the middle, rounding the stranded Kaminski before drilling a low left-footed effort into the open goal.,1
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Edouard started the game up front but failed to have a shot in the match. Rak-Sakyi is on for the final three minutes.,0
Raúl JiménezFulham · Striker #7Fulham make a straight swap in the attack. Jimenez is replaced by Vinicius, who scored the winning goal in the game against Luton.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Striker #14Wilson also makes his way onto the pitch. Cordova-Reid is the player to come off.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Fulham make their first change of the game. Pereira is usually an influential figure but has been quiet since the restart. Iwobi made a big impact off the bench against Luton and is being tasked with doing the same today.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Palace make the first change of the game. Schlupp has been fantastic in this game and put Palhinha and Ream on yellow cards, but he is now coming off. Mateta takes his place.,0
Doucoure is shown a yellow card for a late tackle on Willian outside the box.,2
ordova-Reid wins possession inside Palace's half and attempts to drive forward with the ball. He originally escapes Mitchell before being fouled by the left-back, who is shown a yellow card.,2
he third yellow card of the game goes to Ayew, who fouls Palhinha in the air. The Fulham man is still on the floor and is receiving treatment.,2
Ream fails to clear away Ward's chipped pass into Schlupp, who escapes him before being dragged to the floor moments before getting into the box. The centre-back is then shown a yellow card.,2
Palhinha is shown the first yellow card of the game for pulling back Schlupp, who was breaking away with the ball.,2
enalty GoalGRIEZMANN SCORES! The Frenchman steps up to take the penalty that he won and takes a short run-up before drilling it into the bottom-right corner. Soria does get a hand to it, but he can't stop it sneaking across the line. 5-2 Barca!,1
sst: L. MessiARAUJO SCORES! The corner is whipped into the box by Messi and it's over Busquets, but Araujo is rising behind him. He gets above his defender and thumps his header past Soria at the near post to restore the two-goal lead. 4-2 Barca! ,1
ChemaGetafe · Midfielder #6Final change for Getafe now and it's Rodriguez that's making way, with Miranda on in his place.,0
Óscar MinguezaBarcelona · Defender #28Koeman is making another change now and it's Mingueza that's being taken off, with Umtiti on to replace him.,0
Penalty GoalUNAL SCORES! The substitute steps up to the spot to take the penalty that he won and he confidently slots it into the bottom left corner of the net, sending Ter Stegen the wrong way, and pulling a goal back for his side. 3-2!,1
he referee shows Araujo a yellow card for the challenge that gave away the penalty after pointing to the spot.,2
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Midfielder #20Barcelona are making a change now as well as Roberto leaves the field for Trincao.,0
Ángel RodríguezGetafe · Striker #9Another change for Getafe now and Bordalas is bringing on Unal for Angel.,0
Marc CucurellaGetafe · Defender #15Cucurella is also being taken off, with Koffi on to replace him.,0
Clément LengletBarcelona · Defender #15Barcelona are making a double change at the start of the second half. Lenglet isn't coming back out and Moriba is on in his place.,0
Carles AleñáGetafe · Midfielder #11And finally, Alena is making way for Abdulai.,0
Gerard PiquéBarcelona · Defender #3Pique is also being taken off, with Araujo on for him,0
Nemanja MaksimovićGetafe · Midfielder #20There's a triple change for Getafe as well, with Arambarri on in place of Maksimovic.,0
MESSI SCORES! Pedri wins it back in midfield and heads it down for Messi on the right of the box. He drills a low shot across goal, and Soria tips it onto the inside of the post. He latches onto the follow-up though and from an extremely tight angle beats Soria at his near post. 3-1 Barca!,1
Asst: S. BusquetsMESSI SCORES! Busquets plays another long ball forward and Messi curves his run to stay onside. Chakla is trying to pull him back, but the captain stays on his feet to carry it into the box before curling his shot over Soria and into the far side of the net. 1-0 Barca! ,1
Pedri's loose pass is picked off by Iglesias and he's making a driving run towards the box when he's blocked off by Lenglet, which earns the defender an early booking.,2
YELLOW: McArthur tugs back Cook and goes into the book. There have been six yellow cards since the hour mark.,2
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29SUB: Billing returned from suspension in place of Cook today but has endured a tough outing. He is replaced by the England midfielder.,0
YELLOW: Ayew has led the line brilliantly and finally, finally Billing goes into the book for a trip on the striker. That battle has been ongoing for some time.,2
Asst: J. McArthurGOAL!! Ten-man Palace lead 1-0! Incredible! Schlupp picks up the ball near the halfway line and races away from Solanke and then Billing. Mepham is not out quick enough and a low strike goes straight through Ramsdale. It's awful goalkeeping, but Selhurst Park is rocking!,1
YELLOW: Another booking! McCarthy goes in on Smith. "You don't know what you're doing," the Palace fans chant at the officials.,2
ELLOW: The game is starting to flow from end to end and Milivojevic is a little late, earning a booking. Like Lerma, he has seven this season.,2
ELLOW: Lerma earns his seventh booking of the season as he halts Zaha's counter-attack. This one was fairly inevitable.,2
Arnaut DanjumaBournemouth · Midfielder #14SUB: Danjuma started brightly but has waned badly. Fraser will relish the opportunity to run at Kelly.,0
Diego RicoBournemouth · Defender #21SUB: The first Bournemouth change sees Rico replaced by Francis. The left-back had been heavily involved without creating a great deal.,0
ELLOW: Huge cheers from around Selhurst Park as Solanke goes into the book for a hack at Zaha. The home fans are encouraging every run, every pass, every challenge, but those cheers might also be linked to the first-half red for Sakho.,2
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10SUB: An intriguing change for Palace at the break! The threat of Townsend is removed, as McCarthy comes on, presumably to fill the void left by Kouyate since his shift from midfield to defence.,0
Patrick van AanholtCrystal Palace · Defender #3SUB: Van Aanholt cannot continue. Schlupp, who scored at Burnley, comes on at left-back. Palace have lost two defenders now - one to a red card, another to injury.,0
RED!! Sakho is off! A huge early blow for Palace. The defender, recalled today, lunges in high on Smith after a heavy touch, giving Taylor little option but to reach for the red card.,3
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Atletico make a change as they look to hold onto their lead, with Correa coming on in place of Koke.,0
Quinten TimberFeyenoord · Midfielder #8It's another change for the Dutch side as Sauer comes on in place of Timber.,0
Asst: L. IvanušecGOOAAAALLL 2-1!!! Feyenoord pull one back!! The Dutch side have a corner as they push to get back into the game. Ivanusec delivers into the middle of the penalty area and Wieffer rises above his marker to power a header into the bottom corner, leaving Oblak with no chance! The home supporters in De Kuip are urging their team to find an equaliser!,1
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Morata's game is over after failing to find the back of the net. Depay now has an opportunity to impress off the bench.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5It's a straight swap in midfield for Atletico as Saul enters the fray in place of De Paul.,0
Calvin StengsFeyenoord · Midfielder #10Slot makes another change but this time in midfield, with Stengs taking his place on the bench. Ivanusec comes on to try and change the game for Feyenoord.,0
Gernot TraunerFeyenoord · Defender #18Trauner is the latest player to depart for Feyenoord, with young midfielder Milambo coming off the bench.,0
Yankuba MintehFeyenoord · Midfielder #19Slot makes a change in attack as Feyenoord look to get back into the game. Minteh is the one to make way, with Lingr coming on in his place.,0
Asst: P. BarriosGOOAAAALLL!!!! 2-0 ATLETICO!!! Barrios receives a pass outside of the penalty area and clips a throughball beyond the Feyenoord defence. Hermoso has made a bursting run from defence and gets on the end of it, sending a looping volley into the far corner over the head of Bijlow and into the back of the net. What a finish!,1
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Simeone makes an alteration in midfield for Atletico with Barrios coming on in place of Llorente.,0
Igor PaixãoFeyenoord · Midfielder #14Slot makes a change at half-time with Ueda entering the fray. Paixao is the one to make way.,0
Asst: J. PickfordGOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! It's 1-1!!!!! Pickford's long ball forward beats the high line of Forest's defence, and Gray races in behind and slots it beyond Henderson into the corner!!! The hosts equalise, and the home fans celebrate, as this game takes another wild twist!,1
Jesse LingardNottm Forest · Midfielder #11Steve Cooper makes a wise defensive change, as he takes off Lingard for Cheikhou Kouyate, another making his Reds debut!,0
GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! There it is!!!! Forest hit the front with less than 10 minutes left and the away end goes crazy!!! Yates has a pop from 20 yards which Pickford sees late and parries, but Johnson reacts quickest to send the Everton keeper the wrong way and fires the ball into the far corner! 1-0 on 81 minutes, and Forest may well have just notched a second consecutive Premier League victory!,1
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9One Forest record signing makes away for another, as Awoniyi is brought off for Morgan Gibbs-White, signed in the last few days from Wolves for what could eventually be a £44 million fee!,0
nana attempted to drag Awoniyi down as he made that final pass, and he's booked for his rugby tackle-esque challenge!,2
Salomón RondónEverton · Striker #33Frank Lampard rings the changes for Everton, with the first substitution seeing Rondon come off for Dwight McNeil.,0
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Davies has been impressive in the middle for the Toffees, but comes off now for Amadou Onana to make his home debut.,0
Orel MangalaNottm Forest · Midfielder #5Mangala goes down holding his hamstring, and won't be able to continue, so vice-captain Ryan Yates comes on in his place.,0
After an Everton corner, won by Gray, is headed cleared, Iwobi handles the bouncing ball ahead of Mangala's foot, and concedes a free-kick and yellow card.,2
illiams loses out to Mykolenko as the Everton left-back outmuscles him and races away with the ball. He crosses for Gordon, who has a shot blocked, but Williams flies in on Mykolenko with a wild challenge and concedes a free-kick, being shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Gray's free-kick towards Davies is cleared, and Toffolo comes away with the ball down the left. Gordon races in with a woeful sliding tackle, and it's a nasty challenge which warrants a yellow card for the Toffees winger.,2
ykolenko looks to put Gray into space down the left, but his run is halted by Worrall clipping him off the ball, and the Forest captain is rightfully booked.,2
Max MeyerCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Puncheon replaces Meyer for the home side.,0
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Striker #10Sorloth replaces Townsend for the closing stages of the match.,0
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #11Wood is replace by Barnes for the final 10 minutes.,0
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18McArthur makes way for Schlupp for the home side.,0
Asst: C. KouyatéGOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TOWNSEND SCORES A SCREAMER!! 2-0 PALACE!! Townsend puts Palace in command of the game with a stunning strike. The Eagles have done everything but score in the second half, but the second goal is well worth the wait. The forward raids down the right flank before he cuts in on his left foot. He strikes his effort with power towards the top corner and the ball sails past Hart into the net. A super strike.,1
Steven DefourBurnley · Midfielder #16Vokes replaces Defour for the visitors. Burnley make an attacking change.,0
Aaron LennonBurnley · Midfielder #25Lennon, who may have been carrying an injury in the first half, makes way at the break for Brady.,0
ee brings down Townsend on the charge down the right flank and goes into the book. ,2
Asst: A. TownsendGOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! McARTHUR OPENS THE SCORING!!! PALACE 1-0!!! The home side's pressure tells as McArthur finds the net. The midfielder collected the ball on the right flank and he was afforded space and time. He curled a dangerous cross towards the back post that Meyer tried to connect with and missed. Fortunately for Palace the ball continued on its path towards goal and struck the post before rolling into the net.,1
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Havertz replaces Werner for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount is withdrawn after making the decisive impact in the game. Kovacic replaces the England man.,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Pulisic enters the action to replace Ziyech in the final third.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah is surprisingly withdrawn for Oxlade-Chamberlain. He does not look overly happy with his manager.,0
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Jota replaces Jones for the home side to bolster their attacking options.,0
Asst: N. KantéGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MOUNT SCORES A FINE GOAL!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!! The midfielder does brilliantly on the counter, running across the Liverpool defence before bending a strike into the bottom-right corner. Kante sends a long ball down the left flank for Mount to pursue. He takes a touch inside and beats the attention of Fabinho. Mount lines up a strike and beats Alisson with perfect placement.,1
eao flicks the ball through Daniliuc's legs, so the substitute tugs him back to stop him from getting past. He picks up a late yellow card.,2
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Milan are also making a double change as Dest comes on in place of Saelemaekers.,0
Junior SambiaSalernitana · Midfielder #6And Sambia is also making way as he's replaced by Valencia.,0
Emil BohinenSalernitana · Midfielder #8Another double change for Salernitana here. Bohinen is the first to go off, with Kastanos on for him.,0
sst: L. CoulibalyBONAZZOLI PULLS ONE BACK! It's Coulibaly pushing Salernitana forward down the right this time and he clips a lovely deep cross into the far post. Bonazzoli peels off the back of his defender and volleys it past Tatarusanu from a tight angle. 2-1!,1
The yellow card is out again, this time for Coulibaly after he catches Bennacer with a late tackle.,2
O RED CARD! After going over to the monitor and having a look at the replays of the incident, Bradaric wasn't as late into the challenge as the referee thought. He overturns his decision, downgrading it to a yellow card instead.,2
Piatek is slow to get back and he ends up clipping Tonali from behind in his attempt to get the ball, resulting in a yellow card.,2
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Second change for Milan now, and it's Calabria that's making way for Gabbia.,0
Matteo LovatoSalernitana · Defender #66And Lovato is also taken off, with Daniliuc on for him.,0
Tonny VilhenaSalernitana · Midfielder #10Salernitana are making a double change now. Vilhena is the first to go off, with Bonazzoli on in his place.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10That disallowed goal was Diaz's last involvement in the game as he's taken off and replaced by De Ketelaere.,0
ovato goes down after being caught in the face by Giroud's trailing hand. The Frenchman smacks the ball away in frustration that the foul goes against him, and he's booked for dissent.,2
sst: B. DíazTONALI SCORES! Salernitana just can't clear their lines as Sambia hits it straight at Tonali, and he forces a good save out of Ochoa. Diaz keeps it alive at the far post, pulling it back to the midfielder again, and this time, his low shot rolls past the keeper into the bottom corner. 2-0 Milan!,1
Asst: S. TonaliLEAO SCORES! It's a moment to forget for Ochoa on his debut! The keeper rushed out of his box with the aim of cutting out Tonali's throughball, but Leao was quicker. He takes it around the keeper before firing a low shot into goal from a tight angle on the left of the area. Radovanovic is tracking back, but can't keep it out of the empty net. 1-0 Milan!,1
Elliot AndersonNewcastle · Striker #32Howe decides to stiffen things up out wide, so Anderson is withdrawn and a full-back, Targett, is sent on.,0
Asst: V. CoufalWEST HAM PULL LEVEL! After Coufal sprints down the right and cuts back a sharp ball inside, Kudus takes one touch to set himself and then lashes a low left-footed strike into the bottom corner! Pope had no chance, and that's quite a way to score his first Premier League goal: 2-2!,1
Alexander IsakNewcastle · Striker #14Having come so close to a second-half hat-trick, Isak departs with two game-changing goals to his name. Wilson completes his return from injury by arriving off the bench.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Another energetic shift from Almiron is brought to its end, as Howe sends on Murphy to add fresh legs to Newcastle's front line.,0
For delaying West Ham's free-kick by moving forward from the defensive wall, Longstaff joins the list of players booked today.,2
Tomáš SoučekWest Ham · Midfielder #28Opening goalscorer Soucek also departs, as Kudus comes on to add some more variety in attack.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Moyes makes his move: having just returned from injury, Antonio cannot complete the game, so Benrahma replaces him.,0
Paqueta is shown a yellow card for vociferously demanding that Antonio was fouled by Burn.,2
After blocking Aguerd's attempt to take a defensive free-kick, Almiron picks up a booking.,2
Asst: K. TrippierISAK STRIKES AGAIN! Another Trippier delivery sets up Isak to put Newcastle in front! A volleyed pass from the right byline perfectly picks out the Magpies main man up front, leaving a simple task to turn the ball in from close range! All of a sudden, it's 2-1 to Newcastle - how will West Ham respond?,1
NEWCASTLE ARE LEVEL! After Trippier sends a free-kick into the box from deep, Isak benefits from a deflection off Alvarez and sweeps the ball past Areola and into the top of the net! It's 1-1 at London Stadium, and Newcastle's pressure has paid off!,1
or halting Isak's speedy run with a crude challenge, Antonio becomes the latest player booked by the referee. There have been plenty of tackles flying in so far today.,2
A clear trip on Emerson results in Bruno Guimaraes receiving the first yellow card of the game.,2
Having gestured towards the referee, asking for his opponent to be shown a yellow card, Emerson joins Bruno Guimaraes in the referee's notebook.,2
Asst: EmersonWEST HAM LEAD! Against the early run of play, the Hammers go 1-0 in front! Paqueta flicks a lovely ball over the top for Emerson to gather near the left byline, and the full-back then plays a low pass inside to Soucek, who beats a flailing Pope and calmly finds the bottom-right corner!,1
Asst: R. Lukaku3-0 INTER! The 'Lu-La' show is back! Now, Lukaku strides through the centre and turns provider - picking out Martinez with a pass into the box. His strike partner then drags his foot over the ball and tucks it into the bottom corner from 10 yards!,1
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Appearing against his former club, Asllani arrives from the bench. Calhanoglu's midfield shift is over.,0
Only minutes after his arrival from the bench, Barella is booked for dissent towards the referee. That was totally needless.,2
Francesco CaputoEmpoli · Striker #19One well-travelled striker replaces another for Empoli, as Destro comes on for Caputo up front.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Barella is also offered a late cameo; Brozovic comes off.,0
Robin GosensInter · Midfielder #8With the points all but secure now, Inzaghi makes two more changes. First, Gosens is replaced by Dimarco on the left flank.,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluLUKAKU AT THE DOUBLE! Surely that seals it for Inter: it's 2-0 to the Nerazzurri! Invited to run at an exposed Empoli defence, Lukaku drives Ismajli back into his box and then blasts the ball emphatically into the bottom-right corner!,1
Filippo BandinelliEmpoli · Midfielder #25Vignato is introduced too, as Bandinelli makes way.,0
Sebastiano LupertoEmpoli · Defender #33More changes from Empoli: Luperto comes off and veteran Tonelli is on.,0
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #11Correa makes way for his compatriot Martinez up front, as the latter resumes his once-prosperous 'Lu-La' partnership with Lukaku.,0
Raoul BellanovaInter · Midfielder #12It's now Inzaghi's turn to make a double switch. First, a straight swap on the right flank sees Bellanova replaced by Dumfries.,0
Nicolò CambiaghiEmpoli · Striker #28Cambiaghi is also withdrawn. Intriguingly, Inter loanee Satriano will be his replacement up front.,0
Nicolas HaasEmpoli · Midfielder #32Zanetti decides to make a double substitution in order to aid Empoli's pursuit of a goal. First, Haas makes way for Grassi in midfield.,0
Asst: M. BrozovićINTER LEAD! Lukaku strikes - his first open-play goal in Serie A since August! The striker's swift one-two with Brozovic on the edge of the box opens up a slither of space, and he arrows the ball into the bottom-left corner to open the scoring: 1-0 to Inter!,1
Following some theatrical rolling around on the turf by D'Ambrosio after a clash of boots between the pair, Parisi is the first player to see yellow today.,2
bappe clashes with Disasi on the edge of the Monaco area and goes into the book. It has been a frustrating day for him.,2
Kevin VollandMonaco · Midfielder #31After putting in a huge shift for Monaco, Volland is given a well-earned rest by Kovac. Fode Ballo-Toure comes on in his place.,0
Sofiane DiopMonaco · Midfielder #37Aleksandr Golovin also enters the action with Diop making way.,0
Ruben AguilarMonaco · Midfielder #26Monaco make a double-change. The first sees Djibril Sidibe replace Aguilar.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8The other sees Paredes make way for Danilo Pereira.,0
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #9Another double-change for PSG. Julian Draxler comes on for Icardi in the first one.,0
Wissam Ben YedderMonaco · Striker #9Ben Yedder is given a rest by Kovac, who introduces Stevan Jovetic in his place.,0
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21Herrera is also withdrawn and Marco Verratti takes his place.,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27PSG make a double-change. The first sees Gueye make way for Raphina.,0
ARIPAN!!! 2-0 MONACO! Breathing space for the visitors! The ball breaks kindly for the centre-half, who neatly slots it into the far corner and beyond the reach of Navas.,1
impembe goes into the book for a rash challenge on Tchouameni.,2
Gueye catches Ben Yedder with a rash challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: R. AguilarDIOP!!! 1-0 MONACO! What a start for the visitors! Following a quickfire break down the left, Aguilar nods a deep cross into the path of Diop, who makes no mistake in heading past Navas from close range.,1
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41And the second change for Villa sees Ramsey taken off, with Philogene-Bidace on for him.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford is the other player making way, with Elanga on in his place. ,0
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #18There's a double change here for United and Fernandes is taking his time going off as he goes across to give De Gea the armband. He's replaced by Lingard.,0
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Striker #10First change for Villa now as they continue to push for an equaliser. It's Buendia that's going off, with El Ghazi on to replace him.,0
Edinson CavaniMan United · Striker #21United are making the first change of the game, and it's well-received by the fans. Van de Beek comes onto a warm reception as he replaces Cavani.,0
Shaw blocks off Watkins' run just in front of the referee and he's booked for the challenge. ,2
Fred is overstretching as he tries to get across to Luiz. The ball is long gone by the time he trips Luiz though and his name goes into the book.,2
Ramsey is a bit late with his challenge on Dalot and the referee shows him an early yellow card.,2
Asst: FredMCTOMINAY SCORES! Fernandes scuffs a volley towards goal after being picked out from a corner which Luiz clears, but it goes straight back to Fred just outside the box. He plays a one-two with Greenwood before curling a brilliant cross into the middle and McTominay rises highest to just nod it past Martinez and into the back of the net. 1-0 United!,1
ue to some blatant time-wasting, Turner is booked for taking too long over a goal-kick.,2
or a push on Madueke, right out on the touchline, Tavares is booked.,2
Malo GustoChelsea · Midfielder #27Gusto is also replaced. Mudryk is sent on to help Chelsea salvage something from this game.,0
Moisés CaicedoChelsea · Midfielder #25Pochettino rolls the dice again. Caicedo comes off and Maatsen is thrown on.,0
Ola AinaNottm Forest · Midfielder #43Forest's fifth and final substitution sees Kouyate coming on for Aina.,0
Orel MangalaNottm Forest · Midfielder #5Tavares makes his club debut in place of Mangala.,0
Serge AurierNottm Forest · Midfielder #24Cooper calls upon more reinforcements. A change on the right flank sees Aurier make way for Montiel.,0
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9After putting in another impressive shift up front and setting up Elanga's goal, Awoniyi is now withdrawn. Wood will replace him up front, making a 200th Premier League appearance.,0
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Midfielder #21Madueke is also introduced by Pochettino, as captain Chilwell makes way.,0
Conor GallagherChelsea · Midfielder #23Making his Chelsea debut, deadline-day signing Palmer comes on for Gallagher to add more attacking threat.,0
Yates chops down Sterling with an aggressive challenge that upends his opponent. Not surprisingly, he then receives a yellow card.,2
Asst: T. AwoniyiELANGA! FOREST LEAD! Awoniyi picks up the ball when Caicedo and Gallagher collide in midfield, then coolly eludes a couple of challenges and releases Elanga into the area. The substitute stays calm and slots the ball home past Sanchez and into the bottom-right corner! Chelsea trail 1-0 on home soil!,1
DaniloNottm Forest · Midfielder #28Elanga makes a fourth straight substitute appearance in the Premier League, taking the place of Danilo, who is forced off by injury.,0
After losing possession in midfield, Gallagher reacts by bundling over Aina and finds himself booked by the referee, who is certainly following the letter of the law today.,2
Penalised for a clear pull on Sterling in midfield, Aina becomes the latest player to see yellow.,2
For requesting that Yates be booked for a challenge not far outside Forest's penalty area, Jackson is instead shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Chelsea captain Chilwell is the first player booked today, as he handles Aurier by the waist to prevent a break.,2
Jérôme BoatengBayern · Defender #17The American defender Richards also comes on for Boateng.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Here are those Bayern changes. First, Coman off. Costa on.,0
Justin KluivertRB Leipzig · Striker #21Leipzig make a few more changes. They need them. Their attacking threat has all but dried up. Sorloth is on for Haidara first.,0
Asst: K. ComanGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 3-3 RB LEIPZIG! Coman, on the right now, fires a fantastic cross into Leipzig's penalty area. Muller pops up in the centre of the box to fire a header past Gulacsi, his second goal of the game!,1
Nordi MukieleRB Leipzig · Defender #22Next to head off is Mukiele. Olmo comes on in his stead. ,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Bayern substitution. That foul is Sane's last act of the game. Gnabry takes his place on Bayern's right wing.,0
Emil ForsbergRB Leipzig · Striker #10Here's that change for Leipzig. Poulsen replaces Forsberg up front.,0
Mukiele is booked for that tackle. Bayern's coaching staff are very vocal down on the touchline, appealing for every decision.,2
Asst: J. TasendeGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 2-3 RB LEIPZIG! Forsberg gives Leipzig the lead for the second time this game! Adams feeds Nkunku who backheels the ball wide left for Angelino to run onto. Bayern's defenders get sucked towards the ball and Forsberg is left entirely unmarked to head into the net.,1
Asst: A. HaidaraGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 2-2 RB LEIPZIG! Leipzig hit back immediately! What is going on?! Haidara sends Kluivert running into the right of the box and the Dutch winger slots past Neuer into the bottom left corner!,1
Asst: K. ComanGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 2-1 RB LEIPZIG! Bayern complete a quick turnaround to take the lead! Muller makes a typically great run off the ball to get into the box. Coman cheekily rolls a pass to him and Muller finishes clinically.,1
Asst: K. ComanGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 1-1 RB LEIPZIG! It's a fantastic strike by Musiala! Coman plays a one-two to cut inside from the left and feeds Musiala who finds the bottom corner clean and true from outside the box.,1
Javi MartínezBayern · Midfielder #8Bayern make that forced substitution. Martinez walks off unaided and is replaced by the 17-year-old midfielder Musiala.,0
Asst: E. ForsbergGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 0-1 RB LEIPZIG! Nkunku gives the visitors the lead! It was too easy too. Bayern's attack breaks down on the edge of Leipzig's box and Forsberg slides Nkunku behind Bayern's defence. Nkunku slips past the onrushing Neuer and calmly rolls the ball into the net.,1
Kylian MbappéPSG · Midfielder #7Mbappe comes off after another commanding performance and Nagera takes his place in attack.,0
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21Herrera gets a rest as he is substituted off for youngster Simons.,0
Anthony CaciStrasbourg · Defender #19Caci wanders off as Carole comes on at left-back.,0
Jeanricner BellegardeStrasbourg · Midfielder #17Bellegarde makes way after Sarabia's goal and Zohi is the man to replace him.,0
OOOOALLLLL! 4-1 PSG! Sarabia and Paredes stand over the central free-kick and it is the latter who takes it. The Argentinian curls his right-footed strike over the wall and into the top right corner. Sels scrambles across but he can’t get a hand on Paredes’ fantastic set-piece strike as it nestles into the top corner.,1
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18Moments after Rafinha's removal, Draxler also comes on for Kean, who scored the third goal for the visitors on the stroke of half-time.,0
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12Pochettino makes a change as he brings off Rafinha for Gueye.,0
Asst: J. BellegardeGOOOOOOALLL! STRASBOURG PULL ONE BACK! Bellegarde drifts into the right-hand channel after being played through by Guilbert. The midfielder crosses towards the near post, where Sahi produces a smart, right-footed finish to whip past Rico into the top right corner. The substitute has made an instant impact off the bench for Laurey! PSG's lead is reduced to two as the scores stand at 3-1 with 30 minutes to play.,1
Habib DialloStrasbourg · Striker #28Diallo is the next man to make way and Laurey brings on Sahi.,0
Ibrahima SissokoStrasbourg · Midfielder #27At the same time as Chahiri's introduction, Prcic also comes on for Sissoko.,0
Dimitri LiénardStrasbourg · Midfielder #11Laurey makes a double change. The first of which sees Chahiri replace Lienard.,0
Kean lunges in late on Guilbert from behind and unsurprisingly the Italian forward becomes the first name in Pignard's book.,2
Keylor NavasPSG · Goalkeeper #1Pochettino's half-time change sees him introduce Rico for Navas in goal. Whether the Costa Rican is injured or not remains unclear.,0
Asst: K. MbappeGOOOALLLLL! 3-0 PSG! Paredes dispossesses Bellegarde and launches an attack. Mbappe makes it down the other end, ignoring the run of Sarabia and sliding in for Kean. The Italian forward makes it to the right of goal before powering a right-footed shot past Sels at the near post to extend the visitors’ advantage further.,1
Asst: D.PereiraGOOOOOOALLLLLL!! 2-0 PSG! Mbappe’s initial attack gets halted by Kone on the left-hand side. The ball falls to Danilo, who rolls in Sarabia on the edge of the area. Kone comes out to tackle but Sarabia steps around him before slotting a right-footed finish past Sels into the bottom left corner to double the visitors’ lead.,1
sst: L. ParedesGOOOALLLLLL!! 1-0 PSG! After his domination in midweek, Mbappe collects another goal to open the scoring here. The Frenchman twists and turns against Kone, moving it onto his left foot before sliding through the legs of Sels at the near post. Initially, Paredes had played in Mbappe, who found himself isolated one-on-one against Kone inside the area.,1
Asst: A. Saint-MaximinGOAL!!! NEWCASTLE HAVE SURELY WON IT!!! The initial corner is cleared only as far as Saint-Maximin on the left and he swings a cross back into the middle, where Hayden gets behind Rudiger to head past Kepa and in! The goalkeeper should do better as the effort is close to him and he managed to get a touch. It's 1-0 to Newcastle! ,1
Jonjo ShelveyNewcastle · Midfielder #8Shelvey departs as Bruce makes his final change, bringing Matty Longstaff on to partner his brother in midfield.,0
Emerson tries to buy a penalty, going down under no contact in the box and is rightly booked for simulation.,2
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Abraham makes way for Batshuayi up front as Lampard makes his final change in search of a winner.,0
Reece JamesChelsea · Defender #24Natural left-back Emerson is the man to come on for James, allowing Azpilicueta to go to right-back.,0
Emil KrafthNewcastle · Defender #17Krafth is replaced by a midfielder in Sean Longstaff by Bruce, seeing Hayden go out to fill in on the right of the defence.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount trudges off for Barkley in Lampard's first change of the night. He's not had his finest game in a Chelsea shirt, with a few poor decisions made.,0
Hayden now picks up a yellow card for a clumsy challenge on Mount, giving Chelsea a free-kick in a very promising position.,2
Jetro WillemsNewcastle · Defender #15Willems has his face in his hands as he is stretchered off, with Ritchie coming on to replace him at left wing-back.,0
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #8Killing a few seconds of stoppage time, opening goalscorer Tielemans makes way for Mendy in midfield.,0
sst: J. MaddisonBARNES WINS IT! Leicester are on the way to three points at Goodison - it's 2-0! On the break, Maddison sears down the left and pulls the ball back for Barnes. It actually drifts behind his fellow forward, but Barnes improvises to turn Doucoure and slam the ball into the top-left corner with a superb strike! Game over!,1
Kiernan Dewsbury-HallLeicester City · Midfielder #22Adding his experience to the mix, Albrighton comes on for Dewsbury-Hall in Leicester's midfield.,0
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23A change at right-back sees Everton captain Coleman making way for young Patterson.,0
Dwight McNeilEverton · Striker #7Lampard rolls the dice by making another double substitution. First, McNeil is replaced by Gordon.,0
Boubakary SoumaréLeicester City · Midfielder #42Ndidi comes on too, providing some fresh legs in midfield as Soumare makes way.,0
Patson DakaLeicester City · Striker #20Leicester make their first changes: initially, Daka is replaced by Vardy up front.,0
Amadou OnanaEverton · Midfielder #8During the break in play, Everton make another substitution, as Onana makes way for Doucoure in midfield.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Having apparently picked up a muscular injury, World Cup hopeful Calvert-Lewin has to be replaced; Maupay comes on instead.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Lampard has made a half-time change: having picked up an injury during the first half, Gueye is replaced by Garner in the Everton midfield.,0
sst: J. MaddisonLEICESTER LEAD! A pure screamer from Tielemans gives the visitors a merited lead - and just before the break! Everton fail to properly clear their lines, with Coady particularly at fault, and the ball breaks to the Foxes midfielder on the right edge of the box. He cushions it and then sends an unstoppable shot swerving into the top-left corner! It's 1-0 to Leicester!,1
Mohamed CamaraMonaco · Midfielder #4Final change for Monaco here as they look to try and waste some of the remaining seconds. Camara goes off, with Matazo on in his place.,0
Hugo EkitikePSG · Striker #44And Ekitike is also taken off, with Housni on in his place.,0
Aleksandr GolovinMonaco · Midfielder #17Monaco's third change sees Golovin removed, with Jakobs on for him.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17PSG are making a double change here. Kimpembe makes his return from injury as he replaces Vitinha.,0
Eliesse Ben SeghirMonaco · Striker #44And Ben Seghir is also taken off, with Minamino on in his place.,0
Wissam Ben YedderMonaco · Striker #10Monaco's first change is a double one. Ben Yedder won't get the chance to go for his hat-trick as Embolo replaces him.,0
he ball is long gone by the time Hakimi crashes into Ben Seghir, and he picks up the first booking of the game for the late challenge.,2
Timothée PembéléPSG · Midfielder #29Galtier is bringing in another reinforcement from the bench as Hakimi replaces Pembele.,0
Danilo PereiraPSG · Defender #15PSG are making another change as they aim to try and get back into this game. Pereira is going off, with Gharbi replacing him.,0
El Chadaille BitshiabuPSG · Defender #31There's a defensive change for PSG at the start of the second half. Bitshiabu is taken off, with Ramos on in his place.,0
Asst: E. Ben SeghirBEN YEDDER SCORES AGAIN! Golovin squares it to Ben Seghir, who slides it through the middle for Ben Yedder ahead of him. Bernat gets across to close him down, but the forward brushes him aside before firing a powerful shot in off the inside of the far post from just inside the box. 3-1 Monaco!,1
Asst: J. BernatZAIRE-EMERY PULLS ONE BACK! Monaco are all over the place at the back as Soler helps it onto Bernat, who made the overlapping run down the left. The defenders are drawn to him as he squares it across the six-yard box, and Zaire-Emery is unmarked at the far post to tap it in. 2-1!,1
Asst: K. DiattaBEN YEDDER SCORES! Bitshiabu gets to the throughball down first and initially holds off Diatta before being dispossessed on the edge of the box. His tackle pokes it through to Ben Yedder, who fires his shot past Donnarumma from a tight angle. 2-0 Monaco!,1
Asst: W. Ben YedderGOLOVIN SCORES! From a throw-in, Diatta picks out Fofana, who lifts the ball over Bernat before firing a cross against Marquinhos. The home fans are asking for handball, but Monaco keep going. Ben Yedder sees a shot blocked by Pereira, but it bounces back off him to Golovin, who is on hand to poke it past Donnarumma. 1-0 Monaco!,1
sst: A. DiakitéGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAL!! INCREDIBLE! ALCOYANO LEAD 2-1 WITH 10 MEN!! The hosts break with stunning pace and Diakite is played in by Anton and his ball to the near post is flicked in by Juanan before Lunin can make contact! ,1
RAMON IS OFF! A second yellow card for a late lunge on Casemiro sees Alcoyano reduced to 10 men for the final 10 minutes. Will they be able to hold on?!,3
Mourad DaoudiAlcoyano · Striker #12Mourad is off for Anton - Alcoyano's sixth change of the game.,0
Ramon is booked for holding back Vazquez. That was pretty blatant!,2
IscoReal Madrid · Midfielder #22Off goes Isco, with Kroos on to see if he can unlock the Alcoyano defence.,0
Álvaro OdriozolaReal Madrid · Defender #19Here comes Hazard, with Odriozola feeling his hamstring as he goes off. Vazquez will go to right-back now.,0
inicius surges down the left and he goes down under minimal contact just outside the box. It's enough to earn the defender a booking.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Asensio replaces Vinicius before the start of extra time.,0
sst: R. López OlivanGOOOOOOOOAAAL!! ALCOYANO EQUALISE! Juli's corner from the left is flicked on by Ramon and it finds Solbes at the back post, who is not marked tightly enough by Vinicus and stabs home. Incredible scenes at El Collao!,1
Odriiozola effectively rugby tackles Ramon to stop a break and is booked as a result.,2
JonyAlcoyano · Midfielder #6Jony's game is over, with Diakite on in his place.,0
Alberto Rubio SernaAlcoyano · Midfielder #14Rubio is given a breather by Parras, with Ramon on in his stead.,0
Mariano DíazReal Madrid · Striker #24Mariano has had his last involvement in the game as he is replaced by Benzema.,0
Pablo Carbonell DíazAlcoyano · Defender #18The impressive Carbonell is taken off and replaced with Molto.,0
JonaAlcoyano · Striker #9The third substitution sees Jona go off for Solbes.,0
Jordan Sánchez ValeraAlcoyano · Defender #16Jordan, who is on a yellow card, makes way for Juli.,0
Mariano is into the book for a foul on Rubio, who did well to beat the striker on the right wing.,2
sst: MarceloGOOOOOOOAAAAL!! MILITAO BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! Marcelo plays a gorgeous pass into the box and Raul is unable to keep a track of Militao, who powers a header into the right corner with Jose Juan stood idle.,1
igns of desperation are coming into Alcoyano's defending now, with a clumsy tackle from Juanan on Isco landing him a yellow card.,2
Alcoyano waste a great opportunity to break and Madrid come straight back at them, with Jordan going into the book for a trip on Vazquez.,2
Julian DraxlerPSG · Striker #23Draxler is withdrawn for defender Thilo Kehrer; a clear sign than PSG coach Mauricio Pochettino wants to hold onto this slim lead.,0
André SilvaRB Leipzig · Striker #33Goalscorer Silva is also withdrawn by Jesse Marsch, and Emil Forsberg comes on in his place.,0
AngeliñoRB Leipzig · Midfielder #3The impressive Angelino is also replaced, by Benjamin Henrichs.,0
Mohamed SimakanRB Leipzig · Defender #2Simakan is subbed off, and he'll be glad to see the back of Mbappe as he's replaced by Yussuf Poulsen.,0
Penalty GoalGOOALLLL!!! PSG are back in the lead!!!! Messi steps up and nonchalantly chips the already-diving Gulasci. It's not the first time, and it won't be the last, that Messi panenka's a goalkeeper, but on this occasion it's put his side back on top, and PSG are ahead 3-2.,1
Lukas KlostermannRB Leipzig · Defender #16Josko Gvardiol comes on for Leipzig, in the place of Klostermann.,0
GOOOOOALLLLL!!!!! PSG equalise and it's Messi with the goal!!! Mbappe breaks forward at a searing pace from a Messi pass, and upon entering the box, unselfishly grants the ball back to the Argentine. His shot is pushed away by Gulasci, but the ball rolls into the post and back across goal, where Messi is ready to tap it home into an empty net and bring the game back into PSG's hands! 2-2, and all to play for as we enter the last 25 minutes.,1
oriba looks to break away with his first touch but is pulled back by Hakimi. The PSG right-back is booked for this.,2
Amadou HaidaraRB Leipzig · Midfielder #8Haidara limps off for Leipzig having picked up a slight knock; Ilaix Moriba comes on in his place.,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27Gueye is also withdrawn, replaced by Danilo Pereira.,0
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21PSG make their first change, as Georginio Wijnaldum is introduced in place of Herrera.,0
Asst: J. TasendeGOOOALLLL!!!! What a move from Leipzig!!! It's Angelino again down the left and although this cross, which was perfectly weighted, beats Silva, Mukiele is on hand to volley past Navas and put Leipzig ahead 2-1!!! What a game this is turning out to be!!!,1
Gueye scythes Silva down late, and is not only booked, but concedes in-range for Nkunku to have an effort at goal, from the free-kick.,2
imakan is yellow carded after clattering through Mendes just outside his own box. The PSG left-back has really taken some hits in this match so far.,2
Asst: J. TasendeGOOOOALLLLL!!!! Leipzig equalise, and it's fully deserved!!! Angelino advances down the left into the box, and smashes a teasing cross past the trailing PSG defenders into the path of Silva. The Portugal striker makes no mistake this time and smashes the ball beyond Navas and into the roof of the net! 1-1, and we have one hell of a game on our hands here in Paris!!!,1
he referee rightly judges that Orban's foul was both deliberate and cynical, and the Leipzig defender is booked.,2
sst: J. DraxlerGOOOOALLLLLL!!!!! Guess who? PSG break away and have so much space. It's Mbappe tearing forward and despite having Draxler in support, the France forward wrong-foots Gulasci and smashes the ball into the bottom-left corner. He really is some player and it's 1-0 in favour of the Parisians.,1
Havertz becomes the next name in referee Hooper's book for a foul on the left-hand side and then kicking the ball away.,2
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Defender #28Azpilicueta, who levelled things up in the first half, wanders off as Chalobah comes on to take his place.,0
sst: K. HavertzGOOOOOOOAL! 2-1 CHELSEA! Havertz exchanges a one-two on the left flank with Werner before making it to the byline and pulling back towards the penalty spot. Alonso ghosts into the area and slides a right-footed strike into the bottom-right corner past the unsighted Cooper.,1
ooper is deemed to be wasting time by the referee Hooper and the Plymouth goalkeeper is shown a yellow card.,2
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19The Blues are increasingly running out of ideas and they look to fix that by sending on Saul for Mount.,0
Conor GrantPlymouth Argyle · Defender #15At the same time as Broom’s introduction, Grant makes way for Law.,0
Panutche CamaráPlymouth Argyle · Midfielder #28Schumacher makes his fourth alteration in the first half of extra-time as he throws on Broom for Camara.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8The Blues make another substitution as they replace Kovacic with Werner.,0
Danny MayorPlymouth Argyle · Midfielder #10Schumacer sends on his third change as Randell replaces Mayor.,0
Jordon GarrickPlymouth Argyle · Striker #14Schumacher opts for his second change as he sends on Hardie for Garrick.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Striker #20The Blues make their first substitution as Hudson-Odoi wanders off to be replaced by Havertz.,0
Luke JephcottPlymouth Argyle · Striker #31Schumacher makes his first change as he brings on Ennis for Jephcott up top.,0
Andreas ChristensenChelsea · Defender #4Chelsea act at half-time by sending on Alonso for Christensen, presumably meaning they will now operate with Sarr at centre-back.,0
Asst: M. MountGOOOOOAL! CHELSEA EQUALISE TO MAKE IT 1-1! Kovacic is patient as he works towards the right flank, where Mount drills a low cross towards the near post. Azpilicueta finds himself unusually far forward and finishes past Cooper from close range with an audacious, flicked finish.,1
orginho has one or two attempts at pulling down Jephcott near the centre-circle and eventually manages to do so. Unsurprisingly, he becomes the first name in referee Hooper’s book.,2
sst: J. HoughtonGOOOOOOOOOALLLL! 1-0 PLYMOUTH! The visitors are in dreamland as Gillesphey nods into the bottom-right corner. Schumacher’s men win a free-kick on the left flank, which Houghton delivers towards the six-yard area and the centre-back does the rest as he flicks past Arrizabalaga.,1
Héctor HerreraAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16Herrera is immediately withdrawn following the goal, with Renan Lodi his replacement.,0
Asst: L. SuárezMESSI MAKES THE DIFFERENCE! It simply had to be the Barcelona captain! He plays a neat one-two pass with Suarez around the edge of the penalty area and dispatches a shot that beats Oblak at the bottom left corner! 1-0 Barcelona!,1
Gerard PiquéBarcelona · Defender #3The earlier challenge on Pique leaves him unable to see out the final seven minutes. Umititi is charged with closing out the match.,0
Arthur MeloBarcelona · Midfielder #8Barcelona make a change as Vidal is in for Arthur.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Correa was already booked earlier in the match and he won’t be risked for the final 20 minutes. Lemar is his replacement.,0
Felipe is booked for a challenge in midfield after a wonderful goal-scoring opportunity for Atleti goes begging, as Morata’s backheel pass cant be turned in at the far post, despite taking Ter Stegen out of the picture. ,2
After the passage of play, the referee pulls it back and awards Vitolo a yellow for his sliding challenge on Messi.,2
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Joao Felix is withdrawn with 24 minutes remaining - as Vitolo is given a chance to make his mark.,0
Lenglet is booked for tugging back Morata, who had just escaped the centre-back’s reaches.,2
akitic catches Morata, stepping on the right foot of the forward in midfield, which earns him a yellow card.,2
ique is shown a yellow card for holding Joao Felix back as the Portugal international was surging towards goal.,2
Correa goes into a slide tackle needlessly, taking De Jong down with no intent to play the ball. He receives the third booking of the game for his rush of blood.,2
Firpo is once again caught in a bind as Correa receives a pass inches outside the penalty area and looks to use his physicality to back into the box - but the left-back drags him to the pitch. Atleti have a free-kick in a great position. The Barcelona player is also booked for the infringement. ,2
homas is booked early in the proceedings for a poor tackle in midfield. He’s always likely to pick up a card - though he’ll now be under scrutiny for the rest of the match.,2
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10And Dybala is also taken off, with Kulusevski on in his place. ,0
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30There's a late double change for Juventus here. Bentancur is the first to make way, with Rabiot replacing him.,0
Kean and Romagnoli are both going for the ball, but the substitute is just a split second too late. He catches the defender and is shown a yellow card. ,2
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2And Florenzi is also brought on in place of Calabria.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Final changes for Milan now. Rebic is coming on in place of Leao.,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Juventus are making their third change and it's Morata that's making way for Kean.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #27Locatelli is the other player making way, with Arthur on to replace him.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11Juventus are making a double change of their own now. Cuadrado is the first to go off, with Bernardeschi on for him.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30And Messias is also being taken off, with Saelemaekers on in his place. ,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Milan are making a double change here and Diaz is the first to go off, with Bennacer replacing him.,0
Messias stepped across Chiellini and took the defender's legs out from under him. He got nowhere near the ball, and he has his name taken by the referee.,2
Zlatan IbrahimovićMilan · Striker #11It looks like Ibrahimovic has picked up an ankle injury, so he's having to make way. Giroud comes on to replace him.,0
Leao has his arms around Cuadrado in an attempt to stop his run and it earns him a yellow card. ,2
Locatelli slid in on Tonali to try and win the ball back, and it's a heavy challenge on the Milan midfielder. He's shown an early yellow card, and he'll miss Juventus' next game.,2
Kelechi IheanachoLeicester City · Midfielder #14Smith removes another forward from his attacking lineup, as Iheanacho makes way for Mendy.,0
Toti GomesWolves · Defender #24Wolves are going for broke now, as a forward, Neto, replaces left-back Toti.,0
Matheus NunesWolves · Midfielder #27Lopetegui turns to Podence for some late inspiration, as Nunes makes way.,0
TetêLeicester City · Midfielder #37Praet is now thrown on to add more stability in midfield; Tete is withdrawn.,0
Asst: V. KristiansenLEICESTER LEAD! The Foxes fight back! Both full-backs are involved, as Kristansen bursts down the left to pull the ball towards the penalty spot, where Castagne smartly steers it into the net past Sa's despairing dive! He finds the bottom-right corner and makes it 2-1 to Leicester City!,1
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #8A below-par display from Tielemans comes to an early conclusion, as Ndidi replaces the Leicester City captain in midfield.,0
Pointlessly, Cunha goes into the book for a tug-back on Faes, who was only making his way into the Wolves half and offered no immediate danger. He may go on to regret that.,2
Lunging in on Gomes in a midfield challenge, Soumare has no hope of winning the ball and instead picks up a yellow card.,2
Diego CostaWolves · Striker #29Making his displeasure at being subbed plain for all to see, Costa also troops off, to be replaced by Moutinho.,0
Pablo SarabiaWolves · Midfielder #21Lopetegui can't be happy with how his team have performed in the second half so far - he makes a double substitution. First, Sarabia is replaced by Hwang.,0
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9Having taken a blow on the ankle when winning Leicester's penalty, Vardy has been withdrawn at half-time. Dewsbury-Hall will be his replacement for the second half.,0
Mario LeminaWolves · Midfielder #5Wolves have also made a change at the break, as Lemina makes way for Neves in midfield.,0
For hauling back Tielemans with a clear pull of the jersey, Toti becomes the second Wolves player to be booked.,2
Penalty GoalLEICESTER LEVEL! Ice-cool under pressure, Iheanacho steps up to the penalty and waits for Sa to move before slotting the ball into the bottom-left corner! It's now 1-1 at the King Power Stadium - game on!,1
eedlessly, Sa charges out of his six-yard box and slides into Vardy, conceding a penalty and earning himself a yellow card.,2
Asst: M. LeminaWOLVES LEAD! Calamitous defending from the Foxes lets Wolves in for the opener! Tielemans is stripped of the ball deep in midfield by Lemina, then Cunha steps forward and lashes the ball into the bottom-left corner from 10 yards out! It's 1-0 to the visitors!,1
ilivojevic is shown the yellow card for hacking down Lamela on the counter-attack.,2
ard is shown yellow for blocking off Lucas just outside the box.,2
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Camarasa comes into the midfield for Palace with Townsend departing.,0
Harry KaneTottenham · Striker #10Kane failed to get on the scoresheet today and is now replaced by Lucas.,0
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8The injured Kouyate is replaced by McCarthy for Palace.,0
Daniel RoseTottenham · Defender #3Davies comes on at left-back for Tottenham with Rose departing.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Benteke comes on a bit later than expected, and will be replacing Ayew.,0
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Winks, who was on a yellow card, is now taken off with Ndombele the replacement.,0
yew has been chirping with the referee all match, and now receives a yellow card for dissent.,2
Eriksen is shown yellow for dragging back Zaha who was trying to launch a counter. That's now four Tottenham players on a yellow card.,2
yew is laying on the floor after a challenge from behind by Vertonghen, and the latter picks up a yellow card for his troubles.,2
ose runs through the legs of Zaha and the former is shown yellow by Craig Pawson.,2
inks is shown yellow for running through the back of Zaha in the centre circle.,2
Asst: H. KaneGOOALLL!!!! Tottenham make it four! Kane was played down the right by Son, and whipped in a low, early cross to Lamela at the back post who slotted the finish under Guaita! Fantastic back-to-front move from Spurs! Tottenham 4-0 Crystal Palace,1
sst: S. AurierGOOALLLLL!!!! IT'S ANOTHER FROM TOTTENHAM! Aurier is played down the right again, and this time the defender's cross found it's target in Son who volleyed a blistering left-footed shot past Guaita! What start to the match for the hosts! Tottenham 3-0 Crystal Palace,1
sst: T. AlderweireldGOOOALLL!!!!! Tottenham take the lead! Son ran off the shoulder of Sakho in the right channel, and then collected a lofted ball in from Alderweireld before cutting the ball back at the near-post! Terrific movement and an even better ball in! Tottenham 1-0 Crystal Palace,1
The yellow card is out again, this time for Ferguson, who caught Pavard late.,2
Beukema is taking his time over the free-kick, and he gets booked for it.,2
Bastoni goes in slightly high on Ferguson, and the midfielder goes down holding his head, though he wasn't caught there. The Italian tries to explain that but ends up getting booked for dissent.,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20For Inter, Asllani is brought on in place of Calhanoglu.,0
Riccardo OrsoliniBologna · Midfielder #7Both sides are making a change here, starting with a double one for Bologna. Orsolini goes off for El Azzouzi.,0
Joshua ZirkzeeBologna · Striker #9Zirkzee received treatment on what looked to be a knee problem and he's gingerly making his way off with the physio. Van Hooijdonk comes on in his place.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Inter are making their fourth change here. Mkhitaryan is taken off, with Frattesi on to replace him.,0
Dan NdoyeBologna · Midfielder #11Bologna are making their first change now. Ndoye, who is on a booking, is taken off, with Saelemaekers replacing him.,0
In his frustration at not being able to get the ball, Martinez slides in late on Ferguson. Much to his frustration, he's shown a yellow card.,2
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries is also taken off, with Cuadrado replacing him as he makes a return from injury.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Inter are making a triple change here as they look to regain some control in this match. Dimarco is the first to go off, with Augusto replacing him.,0
sst: L. FergusonZIRKZEE EQUALISES! It's been coming in the second half, and Bologna have found a way through! Calafiori cuts out an Inter attack and Ferguson hooks it over the top from the centre circle. He picks out Zirkzee's run to the edge of the D, and the forward keeps his shot low, rolling it into the bottom left corner. 2-2!,1
Ndoye is shown the first yellow card of the game after he clumsily clatters into Calhanoglu to stop a quick break.,2
enalty GoalORSOLINI PULLS ONE BACK! He had to wait a little while longer to take the spot-kick while the referee shepherded Inter players out of the box, but it didn't faze him. He takes a short run-up, drilling it low into the bottom right corner, and even though Sommer gets a hand to it, he can't keep it out. 2-1!,1
Asst: M. ThuramMARTINEZ SCORES! And just like that, they've doubled their lead! It's a wonderful goal from Martinez, who is teed up by Thuram a long way out from goal. He takes a touch to get it out of his feet before firing on goal, and there's absolutely nothing that Skorupski can do on the stretch to stop it from hitting the net. 2-0 Inter!,1
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluACERBI SCORES! Inter win another corner, and this time, Calhanoglu manages to pick out a team-mate with his cross. Bastoni makes a darting run to the edge of the six-yard box from the near post and glances his header past Skorupski and into the back of the net. 1-0 Inter!,1
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Jorginho is withdrawn by Tuchel with an apparent knock. Loftus-Cheek replaces him in the Chelsea midfield.,0
Boubakary SoumaréLeicester City · Midfielder #42Dewsbury-Hall comes on to replace Soumare for the home side. It has been a difficult afternoon for Soumare.,0
Asst: H. ZiyechGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! PULISIC MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-0 CHELSEA!!!! This time the American converts from close range to put the game beyond the reach of the Foxes. Chalobah makes a burst forward from the back before releasing Ziyech into space in the right-inside channel. He turns Soyuncu one way then the other before sending a low ball into the middle. Pulisic is there to control it before firing past Schmeichel.,1
Mendy goes into the book for taking his time from a goal kick.,2
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount makes way for the Blues in the final third and is replaced by Ziyech.,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Pulisic replaces Havertz for the Blues to spearhead the attack.,0
Ademola LookmanLeicester City · Striker #37Lookman is replaced by Iheanacho in the final third for the home side.,0
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Striker #7Maddison replaces Barnes at the break for the home side.,0
chmeichel confronts referee Tierney about the decision and goes into the book for dissent.,2
avertz charges to the edge of the Leicester box before being fouled by Evans on the slide. The defender goes into the book for his challenge. Chelsea have a free-kick in a very dangerous position on the stroke of half-time.,2
Amartey is booked in the aftermath of the Chelsea move for bringing down Hudson-Odoi on the charge.,2
sst: R. JamesGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KANTE NETS A STUNNER!!!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!!! The Frenchman scores a special goal against his former club to double Chelsea's lead. James plays Kante into acres of space in the middle of the park and is allowed to surge towards the edge of the box. The midfielder lines up a left-footed strike that soars past Schmeichel into the right side of the net. All too easy for the visitors.,1
sst: B. ChilwellGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RUDIGER HEADS CHELSEA IN FRONT!!!!! 1-0!!!! The Blues take the lead as the defender stretches and guides his header away from Schmeichel into the top-left corner. Chilwell delivers a dangerous cross from the right flank that soars towards the near post. Rudiger drifts between two defenders before planting his attempt into the back of the Leicester net.,1
Matt RitchieNewcastle · Midfielder #11Goalscorer Ritchie makes way for DeAndre Yedlin in Newcastle's latest change, as the seconds tick down.,0
Jonjo ShelveyNewcastle · Midfielder #8Newcastle make their latest change, bringing on Schar for Shelvey.,0
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9Sheffield United meanwhile add Kieron Freeman in place of McBurnie.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Midfielder #10Newcastle make a second change too, drafting Bentaleb on for Saint-Maximin.,0
JoelintonNewcastle · Striker #9It's the last act of Joelinton in this game too as Carroll takes his place for Newcastle.,0
sst: M. AlmirónGOAL! NEWCASTLE MAKE IT THREE! It's Joelinton who gets in on the action, racing down the centre channel, before clipping out to Almiron on his left. His teammate returns the favour, cutting back the pass moments later to the striker, who nudges it past Henderson from a handful of yards out. The Magpies are running riot.,1
Billy SharpSheffield United · Striker #10A second swap in as many minutes from Sheffield now as Zivkovic replaces Sharp.,0
John FleckSheffield United · Midfielder #4The Blades make their latest swap as they look to salvage something, bringing on Luke Freeman for Fleck.,0
ascelles picks up a booking now for a clash off the ball as he attempted to track down a Sheffield United attacker chasing possession.,2
Asst: I. HaydenGOAL! NEWCASTLE DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Matt Ritchie showed what he could do with that foot in the first half and now he gets his side's second, as he coasts into the penalty area on the left flank and whistles a low shot past an almost surprised-looking Henderson. That could be curtains for Sheffield United's hopes.,1
Sander BergeSheffield United · Midfielder #32Indeed, Lundstram is on for Berge as both sides take a moment to have some water.,0
Asst: M. RitchieGOAL! NEWCASTLE LEAD! Mere minutes after Sheffield United were reduced a man, it goes from bad to worse from them. A swift attack down the left flank sees the hosts cross into the box, with Stevens on the end of it for the visitors - only for him to promptly fall over the ball and let it slip past him. Saint-Maximin is there and, despite Henderson's efforts, clips the ball off the keeper into the back of the net.,1
Sheffield United are down a man! Egan picks up a second yellow as he pulls on Joelinton's shirt, with the pair chasing a ball towards the Newcastle box. The referee doesn't hesitate after the striker tumbles to the turf and that's the defender's game. Newcastle have a huge chance now!,3
There's a bit of squaring up between Joelinton and Egan after a challenge in midfield that leaves both players simmering. They're duly flashed a yellow card apiece and told to cool their heels by the referee.,2
here's not been too much feisty action so far, but that could be the spark to kick both sides into more overt ferocity.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAALLL!!! Rashford strides up, stutters, and shoots, sending Pickford the wrong way as he side-foots the ball home, extending his side's lead to 3-1 and sealing their passage to the fourth round of the FA Cup!,1
artinez receives a pass and looks to turn Onana before releasing, but he's clattered late by the Toffees midfielder, who is booked late on by the referee.,2
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Scott McTominay also comes onto the field, replacing opening goalscorer Antony for the hosts.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14United meanwhile make a more defensive change, as Eriksen is replaced by England centre-back Harry Maguire.,0
Vitaliy MykolenkoEverton · Defender #19Mykolenko is also brought off, with the left-back replaced by Dwight McNeil as Frank Lampard looks to throw men forward.,0
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23Toffees captain Coleman is the next played brought off, and youngster Anthony Gordon will look to create something for his side in the final stages.,0
Tyrell MalaciaMan United · Defender #12That foul proves to be Malacia's final contribution, as he's replaced by recent World Cup winner Lisandro Martinez, in a change that will likely see Shaw return to his natural left-back position.,0
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18United also make changes, the first of which sees Casemiro switch places with his Brazil international teammate Fred.,0
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9Martial also comes off having gone close on a couple of occasions, and Alejandro Garnacho will enter the fray, moving Rashford into a centre-forward position.,0
Neal MaupayEverton · Striker #20Maupay comes off in Everton's second change of the match, and Dominic Calvert-Lewin will replace the Frenchman up front.,0
Rashford steps away from Doucoure down the left, who lunges in needlessly and catches the forward. It's an unnecessary challenge, which sees the Everton substitute pick up a yellow card.,2
Malacia clears a ball into the United box and Rashford recovers it, but he's caught late by Godfrey, who is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17As Iwobi is stretchered off, Abdoulaye Doucoure comes on in midfield in the Everton man's place.,0
nana dispossesses Fernandes in the far corner, but is caught from behind by the Red Devils captain, who becomes the first player to be booked in this game.,2
GOOOAAALLLL!!! A bizarre equaliser for Everton!! From the corner, the ball is headed clear, but Onana turns his man on the edge of the box before feeding Maupay. He hooks the ball back from the tightest of angles, and De Gea, looking to save it with his feet, lets the ball squirm through his legs and Coady pokes it home! A strange, strange way to score a goal, but Everton won't care in the slightest as they lock the scores up at 1-1!,1
Asst: M. RashfordGOOOOOAAALLL!!! That didn't take long!!! Rashford surges down the left and skips past Godfrey before drilling the ball across the face from the byline. The ball evades Pickford and two Everton defenders, and Antony is left unmarked at the back post to tap it into the unguarded net!! Too easy for the hosts, and United lead 1-0 after just four minutes!,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!69'Trélissac1 - 0ToulouseLuis Miguel Ribeiro CastroTrélissacPenalty Goal,1
sst: D. JotaDIAZ SCORES! He seals the win for Liverpool! Arsenal committed so many bodies forward in their desperation for an equaliser, and they're punished for it. Nunez sets off down the left before poking it through to Jota. He picks out Diaz on the right of the box, and he gets it out of his feet before rifling a powerful shot into the near top corner, giving Ramsdale no chance. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
Another attempted counter for Arsenal is cut out, and it's Alexander-Arnold who's booked for stopping this one.,2
Clark takes one for his team by preventing Rice from breaking on a counter, and he also goes into the referee's book.,2
It's a clumsy one by Gravenberch on the back of Odegaard, and he can have no complaints with that booking.,2
Jakub KiwiorArsenal · Defender #15Arsenal's final roll of the dice is a double one. Kiwior, the scorer of that own goal, goes off for Trossard.,0
Kai HavertzArsenal · Striker #29And Havertz, who has missed so many chances in this game, is taken off for Smith Rowe.,0
JorginhoArsenal · Midfielder #20Arteta's reaction to going behind is to get another attacking player on the pitch, so Nketiah comes on to replace Jorginho as Arsenal search for an equaliser.,0
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17And Jones is also taken off, with Clark replacing him.,0
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19There's another double change for Liverpool here, and Klopp is introducing two youngsters into the game. Elliott is the first to go off, with Bradley on in his place.,0
Elliott bundles Jorginho over but then reacts angrily to the free-kick going against him. He's booked for dissent.,2
aliba has hold of Jota's arm, and he's dragging him back to stop the run. He isn't happy that the free-kick is given against him, and that isn't helped when he receives the first booking of the game.,2
Reiss NelsonArsenal · Striker #24Arsenal are making their first change now, as Martinelli comes on in place of Nelson.,0
Alexis Mac AllisterLiverpool · Midfielder #10And Mac Allister, who is just coming back from injury, makes way for Gravenberch.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Liverpool are making a double change as they try to capitalise on their positive start to the second half. Gakpo is the first to go off, with Jota replacing him.,0
enalty GoalGOALLL! CRISCITO WINS IT! 2-1. The defender steps up and cooly knocks the penalty beyond Szczesny and into the bottom right corner! Genoa have won it with two late goals.,1
Asst: N. AmiriGOALLL! GUDMUNDSSON! 1-1. Genoa equalise late on. Amiri finds space 25 yards from goal and places a superb throughball behind De Sciglio and into the path of Gudmundsson. The sub takes a touch before curling a precise finish into the far corner from 12 yards!,1
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Dybala is replaced by Ake in attack.,0
Badelj is booked after a dangerous challenge on Dybala near the centre-circle.,2
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #7Vlahovic is replaced by Morata up top.,0
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #47Miretti also heads off with Bernardeschi coming on.,0
Arthur MeloJuventus · Midfielder #5Arthur also heads off with Zakaria taking his place in midfield.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Defender #11Juventus also make two changes. The first sees Cuadrado depart with Alex Sandro coming on in defence.,0
Manolo PortanovaGenoa · Midfielder #90Genoa make two more changes. The first sees Portanova make way for Yeboah in attack.,0
Filippo MelegoniGenoa · Midfielder #10Melegoni also heads off with Ekuban taking his place.,0
Asst: M. KeanGOALL! DYBALA! 1-0. Juventus open the scoring. Kean drives towards the edge of the box, before laying it off to Dybala 20 yards out. The attacker takes a touch out of his feet, before whipping a superb strike into the bottom corner!,1
Pablo Ignacio Galdames MillánGenoa · Midfielder #99Galdames is replaced by Frendrup at half-time for the hosts.,0
rthur is promptly booked for a cynical tackle, after drawing a yellow from Melegoni.,2
Melegoni is booked after hacking Arthur down near the touchline.,2
Dybala is booked after pulling Amiri back near the halfway-line.,2
Bram NuytinckUdinese · Defender #17Ouwejan replaces Nuytinck with three minutes to go. ,0
sst: A. RabiotRONALDO MAKES THE DIFFERENCE AS JUVENTUS OVERTURN THE DEFICIT! 2-1! Incredible! Rabiot charges forward down the left and launches a cross to the far post for Ronaldo, who turns it home from an acute angle! Scuffet really should have done better at the near post as the visitors take the lead!,1
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #16Cuadrado makes way for Correia as Juventus make a change after going level.,0
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #14Rabiot is sent on for McKennie, as the Juventus midfield receives an injection of fresh legs with six minutes left. ,0
Kevin BonifaziUdinese · Defender #14Samir replaces Bonifazi as Gotti changes things up after conceding. ,0
enalty GoalGOAL! 1-1 Ronaldo makes no mistake from the spot - sending his shot into the left corner! ,1
De Paul is booked for the handball which has provided Juve a chance to draw level in the late stages of the match! ,2
Tolgay ArslanUdinese · Midfielder #22Arslan was booked earlier in the match and with that in mind, he’ll be removed with 18 minutes remaining. Forestieri is his replacement.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10A change in attack sees Dybala replaced by Morata with just over 20 minutes remaining. ,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #33Confirmation of the change, as Bernardeschi is withdrawn for Kulusevski. He’s had a very poor match, failing to contribute anything of note from that left wing.,0
Pereyra is booked for kicking Cuadrado in the face during an attempt to control a bouncing ball in front of the Juventus winger. He’ll have no complaints about the card.,2
Arslan is shown the first booking of the match for a lunging tackle on Cuadrado to end a Juventus counter-attack. ,2
Asst: R. De PaulMOLINA GIVES UDINESE THE LEAD! JUVENTUS CAUGHT NAPPING! De Paul takes a free-kick outside the penalty area short to Molina before the Juventus defence could set themselves to defend the set-piece. Without anyone set, Molina steals into the area and blasts a shot high into the roof of the net! 1-0 to the hosts!,1
Rafa SilvaBenfica · Midfielder #27Rafa Silva's game is over in the last few seconds, with Gouveia entering the fray.,0
João MárioBenfica · Midfielder #20Schmidt makes another change in the final few minutes, with hat-trick hero Joao Mario coming off, being replaced by Chiquinho.,0
Ángel Di MaríaBenfica · Midfielder #11Schmidt makes a defensive change after the red card, with Araujo coming on in place of Di Maria.,0
ilva is given his marching orders! After checking with VAR, the referee has changed his mind and upgraded the Benfica defender's yellow to a red. It was an unnecessary challenge and Schmidt certainly won't be happy!,3
Alexis SánchezInter · Striker #70Inter are pushing to score the winner, with Martinez coming off the bench to replace Sanchez.,0
Casper TengstedtBenfica · Striker #19After an impressive performance in attack, Tengstedt makes way. Musa enters the game in a like-for-like switch.,0
Florentino LuísBenfica · Midfielder #61Schmidt makes an alteration in the middle of the park, with Florentino coming off and Kokcu taking his place on the pitch.,0
orato receives a yellow for kicking the ball away in frustration.,2
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Inzaghi makes another change with De Vrij the player to depart. Dimarco comes off the bench in his place.,0
uadrado goes into the book after hacking Joao Mario to the floor, with the referee awarding a free-kick.,2
Joao Mario goes into the book for something he said to the referee after the penalty was scored.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAALLLL!!! 3-3!! Inter equalise! Sanchez stands over the penalty, staring down the goalkeeper. The Chilean forward takes a few steps and fires the ball into the bottom corner, sending Trubin the wrong way! Can Inzaghi’s side go on to win it now?,1
Davy KlaassenInter · Midfielder #14There's an alteration in midfield, with Klaassen the player to make way and Barella coming off the bench.,0
Marko ArnautovićInter · Striker #8Despite scoring the first goal for Inter, Arnautovic has been substituted. Thuram comes on in his place.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Inzaghi makes a change on the right-hand side, with Cuadrado coming on in place of Darmian.,0
Asst: F. AcerbiGOOOAAAALL!!! 3-2!! Inter score again! Klaassen feeds Acerbi on the left-hand side who sends across into the penalty area. Frattesi is unmarked in the box and strikes it first time on the volley, and it flies into the corner, leaving Trubin with no chance! What a finish!,1
OOOAAAALLL!!! 3-1! Inter pull one back! Arnautovic has the ball in the back of the net... but the flag is up. A corner comes in, it's flicked towards the back post, and Arnautovic pokes it home. However, the assistant has raised his flag for offside. But wait, VAR are checking it... GOAL! The referee has changed his decision and it counts!,1
GOAAAALLL!!! 3-0 BENFICA!! Di Maria fires the ball into the path of Rafa Silva who slips a pass into the path of Tengstedt. The Danish striker scoops his cross into the danger zone, and Joao Mario arrives at the back post to tap into an empty net, securing a first-half hat-trick! Inter have a mountain to climb!,1
GOOOAAAALLL!!! 2-0 BENFICA!! Joao Mario grabs his second goal of the game! Asllani looks to dribble with the ball deep inside his own half and Tengstedt manages to dispossess him. He fires a cross low and hard into the box, and it eventually finds Joao Mario after rebounding off a defender, and the Portuguese midfielder fires the ball into the bottom corner!,1
Asst: C. TengstedtGOOOAAAAALLL!!! 1-0 BENFICA!! A long pass from Aursnes heads towards Tengstedt up top, who peels away from his marker and glances the ball into the path of Joao Mario. The Portuguese midfielder strikes it first time with his left foot and the ball flies into the bottom corner beyond Audero. Schmidt’s side have started superbly!,1
enalty GoalSCHAR SCORES FROM THE SPOT! 2-0! Schar confidently stutters towards the ball, before sending Rodak the wrong way and tapping the ball slowly into the bottom left corner!  ,1
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Another defensive change for Newcastle - Almiron makes way for Hendrick.,0
Joe BryanFulham · Midfielder #23Bryan is replaced by Francois at wing-back.,0
Emil KrafthNewcastle · Defender #17Krafth is replaced in defence by Schar.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Striker #10Saint-Maximin walks off to be replaced by Gayle.,0
Ademola LookmanFulham · Midfielder #19Lookman is replaced by Maja in attack.,0
André-Frank Zambo AnguissaFulham · Midfielder #29Anguissa makes way for Loftus-Cheek at half time.,0
WILLOCK! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! It's seven goals in seven consecutive games for Willock! The attacker embarks on a long run towards the Fulham box, and once he gets into the area he runs into Ream before collecting a fortunate bounce and sweeping a low, 12-yard finish beyond Rodak!  ,1
Second yellow, and Matheus is OFF! A shove on Webster from the Wolves winger leads to a scuffle between himself, Estupinan and Dunk, with the referee quickly intervening to calm tensions before giving Matheus his marching orders via a second yellow card!,3
Matheus mis-controls the ball on the edge of the box and Pedro races away with it, before being stopped in his tracks by Kilman who is shown a booking for the blatant shove on the Brazilian.,2
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Defender #3That attempted shot is Ait-Nouri's last action of the game, as he's replaced by Hugo Bueno late on.,0
Kaoru MitomaBrighton · Midfielder #22Mitoma also comes off having run Wolves ragged on several occasions, and Adam Lallana will look to add some quality of his own in the final 10 or so minutes.,0
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13More changes coming for Brighton, with Mahmoud Dahoud on for the consistent and creative Gross in the heart of their midfield.,0
Pedro retreats to receive the ball in midfield, but is tracked all the way and taken down by Matheus. A rather soft card to give, but that doesn't stop the referee, who brandishes the yellow for the eighth time in this game.,2
Craig DawsonWolves · Defender #15Dawson's been given a torrid time at the back thus far, coming off now for Tote Gomes as Wolves look to restore some late parity to the scoreline.,0
Julio EncisoBrighton · Midfielder #10Enciso isn't able to shake that injury off, so his highly impressive performance ends on 67 minutes, with his replacement Evan Ferguson on to see out proceedings here.,0
n offside decision goes against Brighton, which Pedro isn't happy about and voices his displeasure to the referee, which earns him a yellow card for dissent.,2
Hwang needlessly follows through on a challenge as Veltman clears the ball up-field, and the Wolves goalscorer is shown a yellow card almost immediately after nodding in that header.,2
Asst: P. SarabiaGOOOOAALL!!! Wolves do have one back!! Hwang meets Sarabia's corner with an excellent glancing header, which sails through the crowd to nestle in the far corner! Steele and Brighton are finally beaten, although it's still one hell of a long way back for Wolves with the scoreline still 4-1!,1
Estupinan launches into a challenge with Semedo as the latter crosses, and is shown a yellow card for the foul which leaves both players in a heap on the edge of Brighton's box.,2
James MilnerBrighton · Defender #6The booked Milner also comes off for the Seagulls, with Joel Veltman taking his place to slot into the right-back position.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Brighton make changes of their own, as Welbeck is withdrawn for Joao Pedro to make his second Seagulls appearance.,0
João GomesWolves · Midfielder #8Gomes also comes off having been completely overrun in midfield, with Pablo Sarabia on to add another attacking outlet to this floundering Wolves side.,0
Fábio SilvaWolves · Striker #29Wolves need to change something, and do so in the striking department as Hwang Hee-Chan replaces Silva up top.,0
sst: J. EncisoGOOOOOAAALLL!!! They've got another, and it's March once again!! Boos ring around Molineux as Wolves are cut to pieces all too easily. Welbeck spreads play wide to Enciso, whose cross from the right is looking for March. He ghosts between the defenders to get to the ball first, prodding the ball in off the far post to make it 4-0, and leave the hosts with absolutely no way back into this one!,1
sst: J. EncisoGOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! It's three, and boy are the Seagulls soaring now! A threatening Wolves chance is dealt with at one end, and Brighton set off on another rapid counter-attack. Gilmour's ball forward puts Enciso into acres of open space on the left, allowing him the time to cross into the box. with the outside of his foot, Enciso looks for March, who arrives from nowhere to beat Sa at the near post and slot the ball home for 3-0!,1
Asst: K. MitomaGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! How's that for a start to the second half? Brighton double their lead in lightning-quick fashion, as a cross-field ball from March is met by Welbeck. His half-volley is well saved by Sa, but Mitoma is on hand to collect the ball, laying it off for Estupinan to rifle home! The Seagulls fly out of the blocks, and just like that, now lead 2-0!,1
Another booking coming, this time for Enciso, who kicks the ball away after being blown for offside and has the yellow waved at him by the referee, who is certainly giving no leeway to the players at the moment!,2
unha's run down the left is halted abruptly by Milner, who takes the Brazilian forward down as he's beaten on the inside and is soon shown a yellow by the referee.,2
Mitoma is on the fly again and charges up the left before finding Enciso in support. He's promptly clattered by a sliding Dawson, who is shown a textbook yellow card by the referee.,2
Asst: P. EstupiñánGOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Oh my goodness, what an individual piece of brilliance!!! Mitoma is found on the left again, cuts inside Semedo and Lemina, races into the box past Dawson and Kilman, and calmly slots the ball beyond Sa's reach into the bottom corner!!! A sensational opening goal from the Japanese winger, and Brighton lead 1-0 at Molineux!,1
Mitoma wins a Brighton corner, but the delivery is poor and Semedo nods clear at the front post. Neto looks to burst clear on the counter, but Gross slides in to put the ball out over the sideline. However, Gross then knocks the ball away to prevent a quick throw-in, and in accordance with the ongoing crackdown on time-wasting, he's shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!90+1'Alanyaspor3 - 1SalernitanaIdrissa DoumbiaAlanyaspor,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!29'Alanyaspor1 - 1SalernitanaAhmed MahgoubAlanyaspor,1
Aitor RuibalReal Betis · Midfielder #2441-years young, Joaquin comes on for an appearance against Real Madrid. Ruibal's match comes to an end.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Alvaro Rodriguez gets three minutes to change the game, taking Kroos' place.,0
Juan MirandaReal Betis · Defender #33A change at left-back for Betis sees Abner replace Miranda.,0
Vinicius is the latest player to enter the referee’s notebook with a yellow card.,2
William CarvalhoReal Betis · Midfielder #14A change in midfield for Betis sees the booked Carvalho taken off for Guardado.,0
Borja IglesiasReal Betis · Striker #9Pellegrini withdraws his booked striker, with Jose instructed to lead the line.,0
Ayoze PérezReal Betis · Midfielder #21A change behind the forward sees Henrique replace Perez.,0
Aurélien TchouaméniReal Madrid · Midfielder #18Ancelotti makes a change in midfield, with Tchouameni coming off for Ceballos.,0
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Defender #12Camavinga makes way with just under 30 minutes to go. Nacho takes his place.,0
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Carvajal comes in for Vazquez as Real Madrid make a change at right-back.,0
he referee uses this opportunity to go back and show Militao a yellow card for his two-handed pull on the shirt of Iglesias during an aerial duel.,2
Rodrygo is shown a yellow card for using his elbow in a duel with Sabaly.,2
glesias is shown a yellow card 30 seconds after his team-mate for what the referee deems to be a dangerous and unnecessary push on Militao during a tussle for the loose ball.,2
Sabaly cynically holds Vinicius back with two arms to prevent an interchange with Benzema. It’s a yellow card for the full-back, who has been busy all evening.,2
Carvalho is overzealous in his appeals to the referee, putting his hands on the match official. It's a yellow card for the Betis midfielder just before the interval.,2
The first yellow card of the match is shown to Camavinga, for sticking out a leg and catching Rodri cynically.,2
The yellow card is out again now, this time for Moron, who is booked for dissent.,2
The referee isn't happy with Bravo here and he's gone across to book him for time-wasting.,2
Andrés GuardadoReal Betis · Midfielder #18Another change for Betis now and Guardado is going off to be replaced by Carvalho.,0
Diego LainezReal Betis · Midfielder #20Juanmi is also being brought on, with Lainez making way for him.,0
Borja IglesiasReal Betis · Striker #9Double change for Betis now and Moron is brought on in place of Iglesias.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Modric is also going off and Blanco is brought on to replace him.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11Another double change for Madrid now as they chase the win. Asensio is taken off, with Hazard making a return to action.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Madrid are making a double change now with Odriozola, who scored last time out against Cadiz, coming on for Carvajal.,0
IscoReal Madrid · Midfielder #22Isco is also making way, with Marcelo on in his place.,0
JoaquínReal Betis · Midfielder #17For Betis, it's Joaquin that's going off, with Ruibal on to replace him.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #25Both sides are making a change here, with Madrid going first. It's Rodrygo that's being taken off, with Vinicius on for him.,0
Isco just slips as he closes down Miranda and ends up sweeping the full-back's legs out from under him which earns him the first booking of the game.,2
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Sarri seems confident Juve will not have to get a fourth to seal this one. Dybala makes way for Olivieri.,0
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Matuidi is called from the bench to restore some energy to the Juve midfield, replacing a tired Rabiot.,0
This game is wide open now as Genoa chase a result. Masiello is forced to hack down Bentancur at the other end and is booked.,2
Francesco CassataGenoa · Midfielder #29Genoa respond to their goal by making an attacking change. Veteran Pandev is on for Cassata. Surely there is no way back!,0
Asst: D. BiraschiGOOAAALLLL!!! PINAMONTI! It's another beauty - this time for Genoa! 3-1! With a corner only half-cleared, the striker gathers a second cross in the area and dances into space before unleashing a powerful drive high past Szczesny.,1
Stefano SturaroGenoa · Midfielder #27Genoa surely know this game is done. Sturaro comes off. Biraschi is on.,0
Cristiano RonaldoJuventus · Striker #7Ronaldo is granted a rest, with Higuain on. Can he become the latest forward to net with a stunning strike?,0
Miralem PjanićJuventus · Midfielder #5Sarri wastes no time to make his changes. With the game surely won, Pjanic is off for Ramsey.,0
Asst: P. DybalaGOOAAALLLL!!! COSTA! This is every bit as good as the first two! Juve lead 3-0 after a trio of wondergoals. Costa collects the ball on the right corner of the box, shifts left with a stepover and curls towards the top-left corner. The shot starts some way outside the post but curls magnificently to find the net. Perin is rooted.,1
Genoa just cannot get a foothold in the game. Cassata is now booked for a foul on Bentancur, who has impressed again.,2
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Striker #33Things are not getting any easier for Genoa. As Bernardeschi departs, the fresh legs of Costa arrive.,0
Paolo GhiglioneGenoa · Midfielder #18Juve have found plenty of joy down the flanks, so Genoa mix things up. Barreca replaces Ghiglione.,0
Sturaro only left Juve last year but there are no friends here as the Genoa captain catches Bernardeschi with his elbow, prompting a yellow card.,2
sst: M. PjanićGOOAAALLLL!!! RONALDO! Now it's two! What a hit! Genoa do not get out to close Ronaldo down and, from 25 yards, he lashes a right-footed drive high past Perin into the top-right corner. Juve lead 2-0 and are surely on course for another win now.,1
Asst: J. CuadradoGOOAAALLLL!!! DYBALA! Magnificent! It's 1-0 to Juve! Genoa had made a determined start to the second half, again flying into challenges, but Dybala has the home defence looking foolish. He dances past two challenges on the right corner of the area and can then cut inside onto his left to fire in a low shot that slips beyond Perin's fingertips.,1
Lasse SchöneGenoa · Midfielder #20Lecce paid for a red card against Juve last week, so it makes sense for Genoa to sub their two booked stars at the break. Schone is off for Lerager.,0
Andrea FavilliGenoa · Striker #30Favilli was walking a tightrope for much of the first half and there are no risks as he bows out for Sanabria.,0
Bonucci gets his revenge! The Juve defenders have been on the wrong end of a couple of Favilli challenges so far, but this time the Juve captain chops down his opponent and is booked.,2
Schone is booked for his foul on Rabiot in the centre of the pitch.,2
It takes just seven minutes for the first card - perhaps unsurprisingly given the high-tempo start. Favilli is the latest to fly into a challenge but is late to Bonucci, who writhes in pain as the striker is booked.,2
The argument between D'Ambrosio and Paredes continue through the full-time whistle, with the two pushing and shoving inside Inter's penalty area. Despite the match being effectively over, the referee has gone over to show D'Ambrosio a straight red card.,3
Paredes does not escape unpunished, with the Argentina international also shown a red card for his part in the fracas. He's having to be contained by two team-mates while he yells something to his opponents during the slow march off the pitch.,3
Brozovic is also shown a yellow card at the end of the game, with the referee eager to stamp his authority on the match.,2
Inter are doing themselves no favours, with D'Ambrosio getting into a bit of a scuffle with Vlahovic. The referee goes over to book the substitute, who has had a bit too much to say.,2
Paredes takes a bit too long over a Juventus free-kick, with the referee forced to show him a yellow card for wasting time.,2
lahovic pushes Mkhitaryan over from behind 26 yards from goal, giving Inter a free-kick. Danilo is incensed with the decision of the referee and lets his feelings be known, only to pick up a yellow card for his outburst.,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #7Worrying signs for Juventus as Chiesa is taken off just 17 minutes after his introduction. It appears as though the forward has once again picked up a bit of a knock, immediately going over to Allegri to explain the situation.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Bellanova is on for Dumfries with Inzaghi keen to add fresh legs to the flank in the late stages of the match.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Defender #36A forward comes on for a defender with Correa replacing Darmian.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #90Lukaku also makes way with 11 minutes to go. Dzeko is his replacement.,0
Mattia De SciglioJuventus · Midfielder #2A change at right wing-back for Juventus sees Cuadrado sent on for De Sciglio.,0
Rabiot comes across to stop the run of Calhanoglu, sliding in a touch late and catching the foot of the Inter midfielder. It’s a free-kick for the hosts 30 yards from goal, while the France international picks up a yellow card.,2
Matías SouléJuventus · Midfielder #30Allegri has decided to complicate Inter’s lives further, with Chiesa set to make an appearance. Soule is recalled to the bench with 24 minutes remaining.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23The previously booked Barella is furious after seeing his number go up on the fourth official's board, with Mkhitaryan ready to replace him in midfield. He boots a water bottle on his way to the bench with a shake of the head, no doubt frustrated at his inability to affect the outcome of the game.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Dimarco looks to have hurt himself during his latest cross and will be replaced by D'Ambrosio almost immediately.,0
Gatti is the second player to be booked in two minutes, with his late lunge on Calhanoglu deemed violent play by the referee, who shows the Juventus defender a yellow card.,2
Barella is shown a yellow card for dissent, after the referee decides he's heard enough from the Inter midfielder. Clearly still unhappy about the decision to give a goal, he also protests the lack of a card after a foul on Martinez, which lands him in hot water.,2
Asst: A. RabiotJUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Danilo’s ball over the top of the midfield finds Rabiot, who brings it down fantastically well. After a quick interchange with Vlahovic, the France international finds Kostic open on the left, with the wing-back placing his shot into the far corner with perfection!,1
OFF! Hack brings down Musiala with a lunge and receives his second yellow card and then a red. He follows his manager down the tunnel.,3
Asst: J. KimmichGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DAVIES ADDS A FOURTH!!!!!! 4-0 BAYERN!!!!! Davies caps a fine performance from Bayern with their fourth of the game as he heads home. Kimmich is afforded space and time on the edge of the box to float a cross towards the penalty spot. Davies times his run and guides his header past the outstretched hand of Dahmen.,1
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Choupo-Moting leaves the game after a fine performance, scoring the opener and creating the third goal. Gnabry replaces the forward.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Goretzka comes on to replace Sane in the Bayern midfield.,0
João CanceloBayern · Midfielder #22Cancelo makes way after a successful debut, notching an assist for the opener. Davies replaces the Portuguese.,0
Ludovic AjorqueMainz · Striker #17Ajorque makes way in the final third for Onisiwo.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Striker #25Gravenberch enters the action in the middle of the park to replace Muller.,0
Dayot UpamecanoBayern · Defender #2Blind replaces Upamecano for the visitors at the back.,0
Hack pulls back Sane on a run forward and goes into the book.,2
Leandro BarreiroMainz · Midfielder #8Lee replaces Barreiro at the break for Mainz.,0
Aarón CaricolMainz · Midfielder #3Hack enters the action to replace Martin for the hosts.,0
Asst: E. Choupo-MotingGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SANE MAKES IT THREE!!!!! 3-0 BAYERN!!!!!! The visitors take a huge stride towards the quarter-finals as Sane steers home a close-range strike. Choupo-Moting is the architect as he chases down a long ball over the top and flicks it with the outside of his boot towards Sane on the charge. The winger takes a neat first touch before slotting his strike past Dahmen.,1
Silvan WidmerMainz · Midfielder #30Widmer goes down for the home side and needs to be withdrawn. Da Costa replaces the full-back.,0
Muller wants Hanche-Olsen to get booked for bringing him down, but talks himself into a yellow card. The official is not happy with the Bayern forward.,2
Asst: T. MüllerGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MUSIALA BURIES HIS STRIKE!!!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!!!! Musiala carves out a fraction of space in the inside-left channel and find the bottom-right corner. Muller steers an offload into the feet of the midfielder. He takes a good first touch and edges away from Hanche-Olsen before burying his left-footed effort past Dahmen into the back of the net.,1
Widmer pulls back Coman down the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Asst: J. CanceloGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CHOUPO-MOTING PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! The visitors take the lead and Cancelo makes an impact on his debut by supplying a perfect cross for Choupo-Moting to steer home. Cancelo collects on the right flank and drops his shoulder to lift a curling delivery to the back post. Choupo-Moting connects on his left foot and guides his effort away from Dahmen into the right corner.,1
A frustrated Coady is booked for a needless foul on Toney in the final minute of the match.,2
Nélson SemedoWolves · Midfielder #22Semedo has had little joy out on the wing and is taken off by Lage, who throws on young Silva in search of a miraculous comeback.,0
Pontus JanssonBrentford · Defender #18After a delay, Jansson is withdrawn and the experienced Jorgensen replaces him at the back.,0
Rico HenryBrentford · Midfielder #3Having put in a solid shift out wide, Henry is now replaced by Roerslev.,0
Jansson is the latest man to be booked, for a foul in the far corner of the pitch.,2
Fernando MarçalWolves · Midfielder #5Lage makes another change to the Wolves XI, as Marcal comes off and Podence provides fresh legs and ideas from the bench.,0
Sergi CanosBrentford · Midfielder #7To compensate for Baptiste's moment of madness, Canos is withdrawn by Brentford, with Onyeka on in midfield for the final 20 minutes.,0
This could be a game-changer, as Baptiste is sent for an early bath, having rugby-tackled Trincao to the turf shortly after receiving his first yellow card. The Bees are down to 10 men!,3
Now Baptiste is given a yellow card of his own for a rugged sliding challenge on Marcal, who complains loudly to anyone within earshot.,2
eves resorts to hacking down Baptiste as the Brentford man races through into the final third, and is rightly booked by the referee.,2
enry is the third man booked today, after he commits a foul on Wolves substitute Hwang.,2
Romain SaïssWolves · Defender #27Lage has shuffled his pack, as the yellow-carded Saiss is withdrawn for another attacking player, recent signing Hwang.,0
Toney is causing more trouble for the Wolves defence, causing Saiss to commit a foul which earns him a deserved yellow card.,2
Asst: I. ToneyA SECOND GOAL FOR BRENTFORD! The game is going end to end now, and Mbeumo can't fail to tuck in a sitter from close range after a precise low cross from Toney on the right. A superb assist, and the front two combine to put their team two goals ahead! Wolves 0-2 Brentford.,1
Penalty GoalBRENTFORD LEAD! Toney steps up fearlessly to slot the penalty he earned beyond the despairing dive of Sa, giving the Bees an unexpected advantage. It's Wolves 0-1 Brentford!,1
a is booked for his protests about the award of Brentford's penalty.,2
Ashley WestwoodBurnley · Midfielder #18Benson joins the action at the expense of Westwood for Burnley. ,0
Jay RodriguezBurnley · Striker #19Another switch for Burnley as Mumbongo comes on for Rodriguez. It's a home Premier League debut for the young forward. ,0
Ederson is booked for fouling Pieters as he charged out from his area. That's a bit of a let off for the visitors. ,2
João CanceloMan City · Defender #27A first change of the night from Guardiola who orders Zinchenko on for Cancelo. ,0
sst: İ. GündoğanGOOOOOAAALLLL!! 2-0 MANCHESTER CITY. STERLING!!! What a lovely team goal this is. Mahrez plays a fantastic reverse pass to Gundogan in the box. The German international then smashes a ball across the six-yard box and Sterling converts from close range.,1
OOOOAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 MANCHESTER CITY. JESUS!!!! Not the start Burnley were looking for and Pope will be very disappointed with this one. Sterling feeds Silva who strikes from 20 yards out. Pope stops the original effort but the ball falls perfectly to Jesus who heads home from close range. That’s a gift for the league leaders.,1
oler goes into the referee's book for a foul on Davies as Bayern looked to counter-attack.,2
sst: M. GregoritschGOAAAALLLLL!!! 2-2!! FREIBURG EQUALISE! Sildillia has the ball in his hands on the right-hand side, and he launches a throw-in towards the penalty area. Gregoritsch takes a touch and it sits up perfectly for Holer. He sends a volley towards the top corner with his left, and it flies into the back of the net! Neuer had no chance!,1
Maximilian EggesteinSC Freiburg · Midfielder #8Streich makes another alteration as Freiburg continue to push for an equaliser. Philipp enters the fray in place of Eggestein.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Tuchel makes a defensive change as Bayern look to see out the game. Musiala, who scored their second goal of the match, comes off. He's replaced by Upamecano.,0
Pavlovic receives a yellow card for a strong challenge in the middle of the pitch on Hofler.,2
Ritsu DoanSC Freiburg · Midfielder #42Freiburg now have to push for an equaliser, so Streich rolls the dice, with Weisshaupt replacing Doan.,0
Roland SallaiSC Freiburg · Striker #22Sallai's game is over, and he takes his place on the bench. Gregoritsch comes on in his place.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Tuchel makes a change shortly after the goal, with Muller making way. Choupo-Moting comes off the bench to replace him.,0
Asst: M. KIMGOOOAAAAALLLL!! 2-1 BAYERN!! What a sensational goal! Kim finds Musiala, who receives the ball on the left touchline. He drives into the box and dances past the challenges of multiple players. The German attacking midfielder twists and turns, cutting inside and out, before creating space for a shot, and he bends the ball into the far corner of the net! Musiala took matters into his own hands!,1
Tel goes into the referee's book for kicking the ball away while Freiburg had a free-kick.,2
Vincenzo GrifoSC Freiburg · Midfielder #32Streich makes his first alteration of the match, with Rohl entering the fray. Grifo is the player to make way.,0
Joshua KimmichBayern · Defender #6Kimmich's game is over, and he heads towards the bench. Laimer comes on in his place.,0
Raphaël GuerreiroBayern · Defender #22Tuchel makes a change at left-back, with Davies coming on to replace Guerreiro.,0
GOOOOAAAAALLLL! 1-1! BAYERN EQUALISE! A corner comes into the penalty area but it's headed clear and temporarily away from danger. It falls to Tel on the edge of the box, and he tussles with his marker before creating space for himself. He strikes it towards goal from outside of the area, and it flies into the top corner, leaving Atubolu with no chance!,1
Asst: N. HöflerGOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 FREIBURG! Grifo delivers a cross into the box which finds Sallai, and the striker forces a superb save from Neuer. It falls back to Sallai who attempts an overhead kick, but it cannons off the bar! Freiburg keep pushing and it eventually comes to Gunter outside of the box, and he hits a superb half-volley into the far corner of the net!,1
Kevin SchadeBrentford · Striker #9Schade's game is also over. Brentford bring Ghoddos on for the last few minutes.,0
Aaron HickeyBrentford · Defender #2Brentford do make another change though. Roerslev takes Hickey's place at right-back.,0
Danny IngsWest Ham · Striker #18Ings leaves the pitch. Had his goal stood, a West Ham comeback might have been on. Bowen takes his place up front.,0
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Dasilva comes on next for Brentford. Wissa's the player to make way.,0
ickey picks up the game's first yellow card for a mistimed challenge on Ings. It's been a clean game overall.,2
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Brentford decide to freshen things up in midfield. Onyeka replaces Jensen.,0
Maxwel CornetWest Ham · Midfielder #14Cornet makes way too. Benrahma replaces him.,0
Tomáš SoučekWest Ham · Midfielder #28Soucek's taken off early in preparation for West Ham's big game midweek. On comes Rice in his place.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8Fornals is the last West Ham player to go off for now. Their youth product Mubama gets a runout.,0
Asst: B. MeeGOAL! BRENTFORD 2-0 WEST HAM UNITED! Wissa strikes to give Brentford a deserved cushion before the break! It's a simple goal from a long throw-in. Mee flicks a header on to the Congolese forward who nods it into the net at the far post.,1
Asst: M. JensenGOAL! BRENTFORD 1-0 WEST HAM UNITED! Mbuemo gives Brentford the advantage, slotting Jensen's inviting pass into the far bottom corner beneath Fabianski. That'll wake things up!,1
Okafor has hold of Zalewski's shorts as he drags him back to stop the run and he's shown a late yellow card.,2
Asst: E. BoveGOALLLLL!!!! SPINAZZOLA SCORES! He gets the better of Calabria this time as he cuts inside from the left and he opens up space on the edge of the box. He fires a low shot at goal, but it takes a big deflection off Kalulu, which is what wrongfoots Maignan and takes the ball into the back of the net. Roma have one back! 2-1!,1
Hernandez is breaking quickly on the counter and Lukaku tracks back with him. He slides in with a poor, late tackle, and goes into the referee's book.,2
Gianluca ManciniRoma · Defender #23Final roll of the dice for Roma now as Pagano comes on in place of Mancini.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #10And Leao is also taken off, with Okafor replacing him.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Midfielder #11Milan are making a double-change this time. Pulisic is the first to go off, with Chukwueze on for him.,0
Stephan El ShaarawyRoma · Striker #92El Shaarawy is also taken off, with Lukaku coming on in his place to make his debut.,0
Leandro ParedesRoma · Midfielder #16And Paredes also goes off, with Bove on for him.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Milan are making another change here as Pobega comes on in place of Giroud.,0
Mehmet Zeki ÇelikRoma · Midfielder #19There's a triple change for Roma here, with Celik the first to make way for Spinazzola.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekMilan · Midfielder #8Milan are making their first change now, and it's Loftus-Cheek that's being sacrificed so that Milan can bring on another defender. Kalulu replaces him.,0
RED CARD! TOMORI IS SENT OFF! Belotti is in front of the defender and he lets the ball roll in front of him. Tomori puts his arm around the forward to stop him from latching onto it and is shown his second yellow card of the game. The Milan players are furious and surround the referee, with Tomori venting his anger as he follows the official, and he's ordered to get off the pitch. Milan are down to 10!,3
Asst: D. CalabriaGOALLLLL!!!! LEAO SCORES! And what a goal it is! It's switched out to the right by Reijnders, and Calabria curls a wonderful cross into the far post. Leao has Mancini tight to his back and stands his ground before getting low to fire his overhead kick back across goal and in off the post. 2-0 Milan!,1
oftus-Cheek steps across Zalewski to win the ball and catches the wing-back in the face. He's booked for the challenge.,2
Houssem AouarRoma · Midfielder #22Aouar's game is coming to an early end here as he makes his way off with the medical team. Pellegrini comes on to replace him.,0
It's a clumsy one from Tomori, who goes through the back of Belotti to win the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLL!!!! GIROUD SCORES! For the third game in a row, the Frenchman is on the scoresheet! It's a confident penalty and he sends Patricio the wrong way as he fires a powerful shot high into the left side of the net. 1-0 Milan!,1
Achraf HakimiPSG · Defender #2Hakimi is also going off, with Kehrer replacing him.,0
Keylor NavasPSG · Goalkeeper #1Final changes for PSG now, and one of them is going to be in goal. Navas makes his way off the pitch, with Letellier, who is also leaving the club, coming on for his first appearance this season.,0
NeymarPSG · Midfielder #10And Wijnaldum is also brought on in place of Neymar.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6Double change for PSG now. Verratti is the first to make way, with Gueye coming on for him.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11Di Maria's number goes up, and he takes his time acknowledging the home fans before going off to a guard of honour from his team-mates. He's emotional as he comes off, with Herrera replacing him.,0
Neymar wasn't happy with the challenge on him by Mbengue. He reacts angrily and is booked for dissent.,2
Didier Lamkel ZéMetz · Striker #22And Lamkel Ze also makes way, with Mafouta replacing him.,0
DI MARIA SCORES! Messi chests down Mbappe's pass before volleying a shot on goal, and he's unlucky to see it bounce back off the post. Di Maria is alive in the box though and he takes it around Niakate before squeezing it past Caillard and into the bottom right corner. It's an emotional one for the Argentinian on his last PSG appearance. 5-0 PSG!,1
ETZ ARE DOWN TO 10! Things are going from bad to worse for the visitors here! It's a late challenge from Traore on Neymar, with the midfielder catching him on the shin with his studs. He was booked in the first half, so he's shown a second yellow before being sent down the tunnel.,3
William MikelbrencisMetz · Defender #25And Mikelbrencis is also making way, with Mbengue replacing him.,0
Jean-Armel Kana-BiyikMetz · Defender #27While Kimpembe is still receiving treatment, Metz are making a double change. Kana-Biyik is the first to go off, with Niakate coming on for him.,0
AT-TRICK! Mbappe actually gives the ball away to Sarr when he cuts inside from the left, but puts the pressure on Kouyate, which forces him into a mistake inside his own box. The Frenchman makes him pay, as he takes it around Caillard and slots in his third of the game. 4-0 PSG!,1
NEYMAR SCORES! It's another good throughball by Messi into the box and Di Maria is one-on-one with the keeper until Kouyate makes a great sliding challenge to stop him. However, the ball rolls straight to Neymar, who lifts a lovely chip over Caillard and into the far bottom corner. 3-0 PSG!,1
sst: L. MessiMBAPPE SCORES AGAIN! And just like that, it's 2-0! This time, it is Messi that slides the ball into the box as Mbappe peels off the back of Bronn down the left of the box. The angle is tight, but he manages to squeeze his shot past Caillard and in at the near post.,1
sst: A. Di MaríaMBAPPE SCORES! Di Maria slides a wonderful throughball into him, and he times his run perfectly to stay onside. Caillard rushes off his line as Mbappe brings it into the box, but the France international coolly takes it around him before slotting into the empty net. 1-0 PSG!,1
i Maria was away from Traore, but the midfielder chased him down to tug him back, which earns him the first booking of the game.,2
ui is shown a late yellow card for kicking through the back of Ferguson’s legs before yelling at the referee for his decision of a free-kick.,2
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Osimhen is recalled to the bench, with Garcia giving Simeone a chance to finish the game. The substitution annoys the Nigeria international, who has words with his coach even before coming off the pitch.,0
Remo FreulerBologna · Midfielder #8Freuler is replaced almost immediately after picking up the booking, with El Azzouzi chosen to see out the remainder of the game.,0
Jesper KarlssonBologna · Midfielder #10Orsolini comes on for an eight-minute cameo with the result of the match still hanging in the balance.,0
After stopping his run for a moment, Politano charges after Freuler and gives him a shove from behind, still angry with the earlier tugback. It’s a yellow for the Napoli winger as well, bringing the number of bookings up to eight.,2
reuler cynically pulls Politano back with two hands, causing the winger to stop in his tracks. It’s a yellow for the Bologna midfielder, who knew to expect the booking.,2
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Kvaratskhelia is unable to end his goal drought as he's taken off with 15 minutes to go. Elmas is sent on in his place.,0
Skorupski pleads his case with the referee too aggressively, and receives a yellow card for the dissent.,2
Giacomo RaspadoriNapoli · Striker #81Politano is sent on in Raspadori's stead as Napoli continue to search for the breakthrough.,0
Jhon LucumíBologna · Defender #26Lucumi is visibly frustrated as he trudges towards the bench, with Calafiori taking his position.,0
Dan NdoyeBologna · Midfielder #11Ndoye is taken off after 65 minutes, with former Milan winger Saelemaekers coming on for his Bologna debut.,0
This time it's Ndoye who goes into the referee's notebook, with the winger shown a yellow card for elbowing Rui on the chin during an attempt to beat the full-back to the ball.,2
The fourth yellow card of the match is shown to Kvaratskhelia, whose poorly timed challenge brought Ndoye down after the pass had been made.,2
Lobotka's heavy foul on Ndoye earns the Napoli midfielder a yellow card.,2
Mathías OliveraNapoli · Defender #17A substitution at the half for Napoli sees Rui replace the booked Olivera at left-back.,0
Aebischer puts his hands on Kvaratskhelia twice to try and drag him back and impede his progress, which doesn’t go unnoticed by the referee. After taking a moment to think he produces a yellow card and shows it to the Bologna captain.,2
Stefan PoschBologna · Defender #3Confirmation of the enforced change 10 minutes in, with Posch unable to continue following his earlier knock. The experienced De Silvestri is on to replace him.,0
Olivera's cynical challenge on Ndoye earns the full-back an early yellow card.,2
ilson receives a yellow in the final few minutes of the game.,2
Youri TielemansAston Villa · Midfielder #8Emery makes a late change as Villa look to see out the match. Youngster Iroegbunam comes off the bench to replace Tielemans.,0
Fulham are awarded another yellow-card, with Traore the latest player to go into the referee's book.,2
Just a few minutes after coming off the bench, Lukic is awarded a yellow for a strong challenge on Luiz.,2
João PalhinhaFulham · Midfielder #26Shortly after his booking, Palhinha is substituted. Lukic comes on to replace him.,0
Palhinha makes an aggressive, late challenge on McGinn and Aston Villa are awarded a free-kick. The referee issues the Portuguese midfielder a yellow card.,2
Àlex MorenoAston Villa · Defender #15Emery makes a change and it's a straight swap at left-back, with Digne replacing Moreno.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Bailey's game is over, and he makes his way to the bench. Diaby comes on and will replace him on the right-hand side of attack.,0
Tim ReamFulham · Defender #13There's an alteration at the back for Fulham, with Ream replaced by Nigerian defender Bassey.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Fulham make another change as Traore enters the fray in place of Pereira.,0
The referee gives a yellow for Moreno for another foul on Wilson as Fulham looked to break.,2
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14Silva makes his second change of the game, with De Cordova-Reid the player to make way. Wilson enters the fray in a straight swap on the right-hand side of attack.,0
Asst: A. RobinsonGOOOAAAAAALLL!! 2-1! Fulham pull one back! The Cottagers build from the back and Cairney finds Robinson down the left-hand side. The full-back beats Cash to the ball and sends a delivery into the box along the ground. Martinez rushes out of his goal, but Muniz gets there before him and pokes it into the back of the net. Can Silva’s side mount a comeback?,1
Asst: Y. TielemansGOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!! 2-0 ASTON VILLA!! Emery’s side have doubled their lead! Tielemans receives the ball just inside the Fulham half and Watkins makes a run beyond the defence. The Belgian midfielder finds his run with an inch-perfect throughball, and he bears down on goal. Leno rushes out, but Watkins slots it underneath him and into the back of the net! Fulham have a mountain to climb now.,1
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20Silva makes a change at half-time, with Iwobi entering the fray. Willian is the player to make way.,0
cGinn goes into the book for a strong challenge as Fulham looked to counter-attack.,2
GOOOAAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 ASTON VILLA!!! Emery’s side pounce on a mistake! Robinson has a throw-in and opts to send it across goal towards Willian. However, Ramsey closes him down quickly and nicks the ball off him just outside the penalty area. He feeds it into the feet of Watkins, who turns inside the box, before slotting the ball into the back of the net, leaving Leno with no chance!,1
Lo Celso loses out to Clark in the centre circle and shoves his opposite number over as the pair contest a loose ball. The cards are starting to stack up for Tottenham, with the Argentine their latest player to go into the book.,2
ojbjerg cynically shunts Barkley to ground as the Luton midfielder carries possession out of defence, and the Spurs substitute is shown a late yellow card for the challenge.,2
Mengi bundles Lo Celso over on the halfway line and kicks the ball away to prevent a quick free-kick being taken. If the first offence wasn't card-worthy, the second certainly was, and the Luton defender goes into the book late on.,2
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7He's scored what could well be the winner, and now he's off to the embrace of his crowd and manager. Son is withdrawn late and Hojbjerg enters the fray for Spurs, with the only goal now being to make sure this 2-1 advantage stays the course.,0
sst: B. JohnsonGOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! Son sends Spurs in front!!! Another Luton corner leads to another counter-attack from the hosts, and Son releases Werner down the left flank. His low cross back into the middle is controlled by Johnson, who lays the ball off for the Tottenham captain to smash home a decisive, if deflected, strike!! The touch off Hashioka gave Kaminski no chance, and with barely four minutes left on the clock, Spurs go in front for the very first time to lead this game 2-1!!,1
Yves BissoumaTottenham · Midfielder #8Speaking of bringing on strikers, Richarlison emerges from the Spurs bench too, replacing Bissouma as both sides prepare for an all-out attacking battle in the final five minutes!,0
Alfie DoughtyLuton Town · Defender #45Doughty is the next Luton player to go down injured and can't carry on, just minutes after clearing a goalbound Tottenham effort off the line. Woodrow replaces him, and the introduction of a striker suggests that the Hatters are really going for the win here!!,0
Tahith ChongLuton Town · Striker #14Chong has pulled up with an injury and is withdrawn having put the Hatters 1-0 up just three minutes into this game, with Onyedinma on in midfield to help see out a vital point (or three) in the last quarter of an hour.,0
James MaddisonTottenham · Midfielder #10Bentancur is also on for Spurs to sit alongside Bissouma, but will withdrawing Maddison for the Uruguayan pay dividends for Postecoglou?,0
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29Two more changes coming for the hosts, with Sarr replaced in that free-ranging midfield role by Lo Celso.,0
Luke BerryLuton Town · Midfielder #8That substitute is Clark, who replaces Berry in Luton's midfield for the final half-hour of this closely-fought contest.,0
Porro is taken out off the ball by Mpanzu as the hosts launch an early attacking raid, and Luton's Congolese midfielder is shown a yellow card just seconds into the second half.,2
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Johnson enters the fray at half-time for Spurs, taking Kulusevski's place on the right-hand side of the hosts' attack.,0
Reece BurkeLuton Town · Defender #16Burke is withdrawn at the break by Edwards, with Hashioka replacing him in the Hatters' back four.,0
Maddison turns Burke as he flicks on a lobbed ball, with Luton at risk of being exposed in defence. Burke drags back Maddison to concede a cheap free-kick, and is yellow-carded for a challenge which you'd bet he knew would see him go into the book.,2
arkley gets into a tangle with Kulusevski on halfway and loses out, but follows in with a late lunge on Maddison which results in a Spurs free-kick and a yellow card for the Luton midfielder.,2
Asst: R. BarkleyGOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! Luton lead inside three minutes!!! A Spurs attack breaks down and Townsend sets off on a long run up the right flank. He cuts the ball back to Barkley, who squares for Chong, and the forward drills a low shot across the face of goal and into the bottom-right corner!! 1-0 to the Hatters in no time, and Spurs' woes at the back continue!,1
LISE!!!!!!!!!! WOW!!!! 1-1! Palace equalise in emphatic fashion! Olise steps up and whips a delicious delivery in off the underside of the crossbar, leaving De Gea desperately grasping at thin air.,1
Will HughesCrystal Palace · Midfielder #19Palace make a change in midfield with Milivojevic replacing Hughes.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14A conservative change by Ten Hag sees Fred replace Eriksen for the closing stages.,0
Casemiro catches Zaha late and receives a yellow card that rules him out of United's blockbuster clash with Arsenal this weekend.,2
Hughes catches McTominay late and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Midfielder #22Palace turn to the bench with Ayew replacing Edouard.,0
Cheick DoucouréCrystal Palace · Midfielder #28Schlupp also enters the action in place of Doucoure.,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Antony also makes way with Garnacho taking his place.,0
Wout WeghorstMan United · Striker #27Weghorst's debut comes to an end as he is replaced by McTominay.,0
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Vieira makes his first change as Eze enters the action in place of Mateta.,0
lise gets the better of Martinez, who subsequently drags back the Palace winger and receives the game's first yellow card.,2
sst: C. EriksenFERNANDES!!! 1-0 UNITED! The visitors take the lead just before half-time! Rashford and Eriksen combine brilliantly down the left before the latter cuts the ball back for Fernandes, who takes a touch before clinically sweeping into the back of the net.,1
Noah OkaforRB Salzburg · Striker #77Okafor is replaced by Adamu after a superb display up top.,0
Diaz thunders into Gourna Douath near the touchline and is shown a yellow card.,2
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Saelemaekers is replaced by Messias in attack after a good display, capped off by the equalising goal.,0
Charles De KetelaereMilan · Midfielder #90De Ketelaere makes way for Diaz after a quiet display.,0
Gourna-Douath is instantly booked after pulling Hernandez over near the centre-circle.,2
Dijon KameriRB Salzburg · Midfielder #8Kameri is replaced by Gourna-Douath in midfield.,0
FernandoRB Salzburg · Striker #11Fernando heads off Sesko after an exciting but frustrating display up top. He produced a vital assist for Okafor, but also missed a clear chance in the second half.,0
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Dest also comes on for Calabria in defence.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Bennacer has had a rough game in midfield and Pobega takes his place.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Stefano Pioli clearly isn't happy with his side and he makes a triple substitution. The first sees Giroud make way for Origi.,0
alabria fouls Kameri near the left-hand touchline and is shown a yellow card.,2
Oumar SoletRB Salzburg · Defender #22Solet can't continue and he's replaced in defence by Bernardo.,0
Asst: R. LeãoGOAL! SAELEMAEKERS! 1-1. Milan equalise. Leao gets away on the break and pushes Dedic all the way into the box, before squaring it across goal. Giroud steps over the ball, allowing Saelemaekers to take a touch before slamming it beyond Kohn from eight yards!,1
Asst: FernandoGOALLL! OKAFOR! 1-0. Salzburg take the lead with a moment of magic. Fernando pounces on a heavy touch from Bennacer, before threading a neat pass through to Okafor inside the box. The attacker finds himself one on one against Kalulu and cooly nutmegs the defender, leaving him on the floor! Maignan rushes out, but Okafor rolls it beyond the goalkeeper and into the net.,1
apaldo is shown a yellow card after a raking tackle down the back of Hernandez's calf.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!71'Canet Roussillon2 - 1MarseilleYohan BaïCanet Roussillon,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!21'Canet Roussillon1 - 0MarseilleJérémy PosteraroCanet Roussillon,1
Asst: C. PalmerGOAL!!! JACKSON SECURES HIS HAT-TRICK!!! Spurs continue to persist with their high line and Chelsea catch them out again. Jackson takes it deep into the hosts' box, and while he thinks about playing it to his left for Mudryk, he ends up taking it around the goalkeeper and finishing. It is 4-1!,1
Asst: C. GallagherGOAL!!! JACKSON MAKES THE POINTS SAFE!!! After Son had gone close up the other end, Chelsea come forward on the counter and Gallagher receives the ball on the right-hand side. He slides a pass into the middle for Jackson, and he fires home to make it 3-1 and surely kill the game off!,1
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #7Sterling has been very lively for Chelsea but is now replaced by Ugochukwu, as we move into nine minutes of additional time.,0
Mudryk and Vicario come together as both look to race onto a long ball. The Spurs man got there first, and the Chelsea winger does seem to leave a bit on the goalkeeper, though he only receives a booking. A subsequent VAR check confirms the challenge was not worthy of a red card.,2
Gusto foolishly takes out Emerson Royal, who was going nowhere and was looking for his Chelsea counterpart to foul him. The Frenchman fell for it, and the hosts will have a free-kick in a great crossing position.,2
Reece JamesChelsea · Defender #24Having played some more valuable minutes under his belt after returning from injury, James comes off for Gusto.,0
Asst: R. SterlingGOAL!!! JACKSON MAKES IT 2-1!!! Finally Chelsea find a way through as James catches out the high Spurs line with a neat throughball. Sterling races onto it, takes it into the hosts; box before playing a perfectly weighted squared pass for Jackson, who makes no mistake with the finish as he fires past Vicario to put the visitors ahead!,1
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29No player had created more chances for Spurs than Sarr's two, but he now trudges off for Bentancur.,0
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Kulusevki's goal to put Spurs ahead seems an age ago now with all that has happened since. He makes way for Skipp as Postecoglou looks to shore things up.,0
Enzo FernándezChelsea · Midfielder #8Fernandez won the penalty that levelled this game, but now makes way for Mudryk. His pace could prove a real asset in the latter stages with Spurs' depleted numbers.,0
UDOGIE IS OFF!!! Chelsea break and have a three on two, but Sterling's pass to his right for Palmer is weak and flicked away by Udogie. The ball is running loose, and as Udogie and Sterling challenge for the ball, the full-back scythes down the Chelsea man, giving the referee no choice but to dig out the second yellow and then a red. Spurs are down to nine men!,3
Levi ColwillChelsea · Defender #26Colwill was booked in that fracas before half-time, and Pochettino is taking no risks of his own team going down to 10 men as he takes off the 20-year-old at the interval. Cucurella is on in his place.,0
After that Jackson foul, Colwill and Sarr got into a bit of a scuffle. The Spurs man sees yellow.,2
Jackson goes in the book for cynically bringing down Sarr as Spurs looked to counter.,2
Micky van de VenTottenham · Defender #37Van de Ven limps off for Hojbjerg. If that is a torn hamstring, Spurs fans will not be seeing Van de Ven for a fair while, and with Romero now suspended for three games, Postecoglou will have a real problem at centre-back.,0
James MaddisonTottenham · Midfielder #10They will take no risks with Maddison either, as he makes way for Emerson Royal. We are into 12 minutes of added time at the end of this first half.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL!!! PALMER MAKES NO MISTAKE!!! The youngster is usually so good from the spot, but he is fortunate this time as Vicario reaches his powerful effort towards the bottom right corner. The Spurs goalkeeper gets a decent hand to it, tipping the ball onto the post, but it comes off the wrong side of the woodwork for Spurs as it deflects off the frame of the goal and in. After all of that drama, it is 1-1 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium!,1
Brennan JohnsonTottenham · Midfielder #22Looking to shore things up after Romero's dismissal, Postecoglou sacrifices Johnson for Dier.,0
ROMERO IS OFF!!! The VAR and on-field referee Michael Oliver decide that Romero's challenge is not only enough to award a penalty, but also see the defender given his marching orders with a straight red card. It was a poor challenge and could have caused his international team-mate a real problem.,3
Udogie receives the first booking of the match for a nasty challenge on Sterling. He seemed to go in with two feet, but while there is a VAR check, the decision is to stay with a yellow card. He is a lucky boy, and so is Sterling, who could have been in real trouble there if Udogie had fully caught him.,2
Asst: P. M. SarrGOAL!!! KULUSEVKI PUTS SPURS IN FRONT!!! What a start for the hosts as they take the lead after just six minutes! It all comes from Maddison's sweeping pass which sets his team away. It picks out Sarr, who then lays it to his right for Kulusevski. The winger cuts onto his left foot before firing goalwards, and he receives a huge slice of luck as the ball deflects off Colwill, wrongfooting Sanchez and flying in. Postecoglou's men are 1-0 up!,1
Burke is booked after a frustrated, late challenge on Lowton.,2
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Barnes is replaced by Stephens as Burnley withdraw a striker for a midfielder. ,0
tevens is shown a yellow card after pulling Barnes down near the halfway line.,2
Ethan AmpaduSheffield United · Midfielder #22The Blades go even more attacking as they replace defensive-midfielder Ampadu, with a more creative option in Norwood.,0
Lys MoussetSheffield United · Striker #11Mousset is replaced up top by Burke.,0
Jack RobinsonSheffield United · Defender #19The away side make an attacking change they replace a defender with a midfielder: Robinson departs with the creative Fleck coming on.  ,0
sst: R. BradyMEE HEADS IT IN! 1-0 BURNLEY! The hosts take the lead as Brady swings in a deep corner that's met by Mee at the back post, where he manages to guide it past Ramsdale and into the bottom corner!,1
Charlie TaylorBurnley · Defender #3Taylor is replaced by Benson in a change that will likely see Pieters move to left-back.,0
Maximilian ArnoldWolfsburg · Midfielder #27A change in midfield for Wolfsburg sees Vrancx sent on for Arnold.,0
Lukas NmechaWolfsburg · Striker #10Lukas Nmecha makes way for Brekalo, with Wolfsburg still searching for their first goal of the game.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Confirmation of the Bayern Munich substitution as Gravenberch comes on to replace Musiala.,0
Sadio ManéBayern · Striker #17Mane won't get his goal as he's replaced with 10 minutes to go. Tel comes on as his replacement.,0
Omar MarmoushWolfsburg · Midfielder #33Marmoush’s match comes to an end with Waldschmidt ready to replace the winger.,0
Mattias SvanbergWolfsburg · Midfielder #32Felix Nmecha is sent on in Svanberg's place with both brothers now in the game.,0
Svanberg is shown a yellow card for clattering into Hernandez with a raised boot during an attempt to win the ball near the byline.,2
Patrick WimmerWolfsburg · Midfielder #39A change at the half for Wolfsburg sees Kruse come on for Wimmer.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Bayern Munich make a change as well, with Sane on for Gnabry.,0
Asst: J. KimmichMULLER MAKES IT TWO! 2-0! Davies drives on a trademark run down the left flank, evading tackles as he charges towards the touchline. The Canada international pulls it back to Kimmich, who has a first-time strike from the edge of the penalty area, which takes a touch from Muller as it flies through the crowd of bodies and wrong-foots Casteels!,1
MUSIALA BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0 BAYERN MUNICH! It’s a lovely strike from the Germany international, who continues his fantastic run to start the season. Receiving a pass from Muller with his back to goal 20 yards out, Musiala spins to dribble past three markers before firing a low shot that beats the outstretched palm of Casteels!,1
The referee halts play temporarily and runs over to the touchline to produce a yellow card to substitute goalkeeper Ulreich, who was apparently having a little too much to say to the referee from his vantage point. It's the second booking of the match but one that shouldn't alter Nagelsmann's plans too much.,2
Hernandez leans in and shoves Wimmer to the ground with a push of the shoulder 20 yards from goal. It’s a cynical challenge that earns the centre-back a yellow card, while also giving Wolfsburg a real chance to test Neuer from the set-piece.,2
Asst: J. McArthurZAHA SCORES! It's wonderful from Zaha! McArthur slides a lovely throughball into Zaha on the edge of the box, and he does brilliantly to spin away from Bednarek. It doesn't look like there's a lot on with the two defenders ahead of him, but he squeezes it through the gap towards the near post, and it hits the bottom of the upright on its way over the line. 2-1 Palace!,1
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Striker #10Final roll of the dice for Palace now, and the goal scorer, Eze, is taken off and replaced by Hughes.,0
Nathan TellaSouthampton · Midfielder #23Final change for Southampton now and it's Tella that's going off for Elyounoussi.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Second change for Palace now, and it's Schlupp that's making way for Olise.,0
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Adams is also being taken off, with Stuart Armstrong coming on in his place.,0
Shane LongSouthampton · Striker #7There's a double change for Southampton as well. Long is the first to make way, with Broja replacing him.,0
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Vieira was getting ready to make this change before Palace equalised, but Zaha is finally being brought on for Mateta.,0
Asst: N. ClyneEZE EQUALISES! It's a great cross from Clyne, who lifts it in from the byline down the right and it loops over everyone in the middle. Eze lets it drop on the far side before drilling a low shot on goal. It rolls through Forster's legs, and the keeper will feel he should've done better, but it's 1-1!,1
edmond is getting away and Ward desperately yanks back his shirt in an attempt to stop his run. It's a blatant tug, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
The referee has gone back and booked McArthur for that challenge on Perraud during the last Southampton attack.,2
Mateta wasn't happy with the challenge on him by the defender, so his name also goes into the book for dissent.,2
Bednarek was very tight to Mateta and ended up rugby tackling him to the floor to stop him from reaching the ball, so he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: J. Ward-ProwseROMEU SCORES! Ward cleared Ward-Prowse's free-kick at the near post to give away the corner, and the captain has another chance to put the ball in from a set-piece. It's a lovely cross from him and Romeu just nudges McArthur out of the way in the middle to thump his header in off the bottom of the crossbar. 1-0 Southampton!,1
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13After the chaos surrounding the penalty, Molumby comes on to replace Gross in the final stages of this game.,0
ED CARD! Things are heating up as Lamptey catches Grealish and referee Oliver deems it enough to give Brighton's right-wing back his second yellow of the game. The youngster was only given his first booking five minutes ago and now he has been given his marching orders!,3
Grealish is booked for his involvement in the altercation with Veltman after the defender had clashed with Trezeguet off of the ball.,2
amptey is booked for his cynical foul on McGinn in the centre of the pitch.,2
Neal MaupayBrighton · Striker #9Despite deliberation over Welbeck's fitness, Maupay is the man chosen to come off for defender Burn as Potter looks to defend Brighton's 2-1 lead.,0
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Hourihane comes on in a like-for-like change in midfield as he replaces Douglas Luiz.,0
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Striker #15Substitute Traore is substituted off for El Ghazi as Smith looks to chase this game.,0
issouma becomes the second booking of the game for his foul on Grealish.,2
Asst: P. GroßGOALLL!! 2-1 BRIGHTON! Gross has space on the right of the area and drills a pass towards March on the other side. March then produces a measured right-footed finish into the top right corner from the edge of the area. Despite Martinez's best efforts, he cannot even get a fingertip to it as it flies into the net!,1
sst: B. TraoréGOALLLL!!! 1-1! Villa equalise immediately after the break through Konsa. Initially, Traore whips in a wonderful left-footed free-kick before the centre-back ghosted in at the back post to volley past Ryan with his right foot.,1
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana does not return from the dressing room at half-time, after struggling with a tight groin, and is substituted off for Veltman before the second half can start.,0
Targett feels he was caught by Maupay's hand but play goes on wide on the left. Villa's left-back then looks to seek revenge and clatters into Maupay, earning him a deserved booking from referee Oliver.,2
Asst: A. LallanaGOALLLL!!! 1-0 BRIGHTON! Out of nowhere, Welbeck finds himself completely unmarked on the halfway line. After receiving Lallana's pass, he travels half the length of the pitch before calmly chipping over Martinez from inside the area.,1
Ross BarkleyAston Villa · Midfielder #20After pulling his hamstring two minutes into the game, Barkley is forced off and will be replaced by Traore.,0
RED CARD12'Red card for Ruben Vargas (Augsburg). The original decision is confirmed by a VAR review.,3
Vinicius is booked after he catches Navas with a late tackle from behind.,2
Diego CarlosSevilla · Defender #20Final change for Sevilla now and it's Idrissi that's coming on for Carlos.,0
roos turns away from Gudelj with the ball and the substitute is booked after he catches him from behind.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #25First change for Madrid now and Rodrygo is going off, with Asensio on for him.,0
Ivan RakitićSevilla · Midfielder #10And Rakitic is making way, with En-Nesyri replacing him.,0
Luuk de JongSevilla · Striker #9De Jong is also being taking off, with Suso on for him.,0
Joan JordánSevilla · Midfielder #8Triple change for Sevilla now and it's Jordan coming off first for Gudelj.,0
Modric picks up a yellow card after catching Fernando with a late challenge.,2
Munir El HaddadiSevilla · Striker #11There's a change for Sevilla at the break as Torres comes on for El Haddadi due to the injury he picked up right at the end of the first half.,0
roos picks up the first yellow card of the game after stepping across Ocampos to stop his run.,2
INSTANT IMPACT! Hertha have one back, after Ekkelenkamp - only on the pitch for a matter of seconds - reaches the ball in the area, rounds Neuer and steers the ball home! A minor consolation for the hosts: Hertha 1-4 Bayern.,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Gnabry has been removed shortly after his goal, and Musiala gets a brief run-out.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Muller is also rested, with Wanner replacing the veteran forward.,0
Ishak BelfodilHertha · Striker #14Belfodil is withdrawn after a fruitless 80 minutes and Ekkelenkamp comes on.,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Another Bayern change sees Hernandez taken off and Upamecano brought on.,0
sst: J. KimmichFOUR FOR BAYERN! Kimmich plays another incisive pass through the home defence, and Gnabry latches onto it on the right flank. Opting to ignore Lewandowski's claims for a pass into the centre, he slots it into the far corner from an angle and Bayern extend their advantage to four!,1
SANE STRIKES! After an inspired performance, Schwolow makes a hideous error, by sending a careless pass across his six-yard box which is easily intercepted by the fast-closing Sane. The Bayern forward then takes the invitation and coolly converts into the far corner, making it Hertha 0-3 Bayern!,1
or slightly mistiming a tackle on Kimmich, Serdar is somewhat harshly booked by the referee.,2
Myziane MaolidaHertha · Striker #11Maolida has been ineffective, having had scarce opportunity to make an attacking impact, and the experienced Jovetic will have 20 minutes to pull at least a goal back.,0
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24After a busy first half, goalscorer Tolisso is now replaced by Sabitzer in the Bayern midfield.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Now Nagelsmann sees fit to make a couple of changes, and Coman first makes way for Richards.,0
Maximilian MittelstädtHertha · Defender #17Despite almost creating a goal earlier in the half, Mittelstadt is taken off and Ascacibar will be his replacement.,0
Asst: J. KimmichBAYERN DOUBLE UP! That's the second for the league leaders, as Muller gets ahead of his marker at the near post to steer the ball in to the net - trickling past a stranded Schwolow and into the far corner. Surely that wraps things up for the visitors already? Hertha 0-2 Bayern!,1
Asst: K. ComanBAYERN GO IN FRONT! Tolisso turns the ball in again - and this time it will stand! The midfielder's run between the Hertha centre-backs helps him steal enough space to head Coman's cross into the bottom right corner! The champions lead 1-0 in the capital!,1
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4Arsenal make their final substitution of the game. It's a straight swap at right-back with Tomiyasu replacing White.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Martinelli has a goal to his name and is now making his way off the pitch. Vieira, who started against Sporting, gets a chance in the Premier League.,0
Leandro TrossardArsenal · Striker #19After getting three assists to his name, Trossard is replaced. Jesus makes his first appearance since before the World Cup.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Pereira has had a bright second half but has been unable to get a goal or an assist to his name. Wilson is given the final 14 minutes to make an impact.,0
Manor SolomonFulham · Midfielder #11Fulham make their first change of the game. James comes on at left wing with Solomon given a rest.,0
degaard is the first Arsenal player to receive a yellow card after a tactical foul on the edge of the box.,2
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35Arsenal make their first change of the game with Zinchenko coming off. Tierney is given some rare minutes at left-back.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Nelson scored the winner in Arsenal's last game and is now replacing Saka.,0
sst: L. TrossardGOALLLL! 3-0 ARSENAL! It must be game over now! Martinelli slides the ball down the left side of the box with Trossard rushing on. Getting to the byline, he chips a cross to Odegaard, who chests it down before curling the ball into the bottom corner.,1
Asst: L. TrossardGOALLLLL! MARTINELLI SCORES! 2-0 ARSENAL! Arsenal have dominated the game and now have their second goal. Xhaka feeds the ball to Trossard who twists onto his left foot to get past Tete before crossing towards Martinelli. The winger gets in front of Robinson and puts his header into the net. That's his third goal in his last three away games.,1
sst: L. TrossardGOALLLL! GABRIEL SCORES! 1-0 ARSENAL! This one will count and Arsenal have the lead through Gabriel. Trossard's inswinging corner is met by the defender who powers his header from close range past Leno. That's his third goal in four appearances against Fulham.,1
onali's late tackle on Ampadu earns him a yellow card and looks to have left the Milan midfielder worse for wear. He's able to get to his feet after a moment to gather himself, when he's cautioned by the referee.,2
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17A man down, Pioli sends a defender onto the pitch in order to hold the lead. Leao is the man to make way with Thiaw his replacement.,0
Albin EkdalSpezia · Midfielder #8Spezia make a change in added time needing to get back in the game. Ekdal is replaced by Strelec.,0
IROUD SENT OFF! It's a moment of madness from the striker, who forgets he's on a yellow card as he takes his shirt off in celebration! The striker's face goes from joy to pain as he realises his mistake having already been carded as he's shown a second yellow and given his marching orders!,3
sst: S. TonaliCOMETH THE HOUR, COMETH GIROUD! 2-1! It’s a splendid finish from Giroud, who springs forward at the back post with added aplomb to acrobatically turn Tonali’s cross past Dragowski with a left-footed volley!,1
Caldara is given a late yellow card for stepping on the heel of Tomori near the centre-circle.,2
Hernandez is shown a yellow card for coming across to push Nzola, rather needlessly.,2
Nzola's antagonising gets him spotted by the referee as well, with the striker receiving a yellow card.,2
A reckless lunge from Ellertsson catches Leao while in full-flight, bringing him down to the turf. It's a yellow for the substitute, who doesn't try to argue his case.,2
mapdu steps across Hernandez late to bring him down and is shown a yellow card for the foul.,2
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Diaz's number also goes up on the board as De Ketelaere readies himself to come on.,0
Divock OrigiMilan · Striker #27A straight swap at striker sees Giroud take Origi's place.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Rebic is on for the final 18 minutes. Messias is recalled to the bench.,0
Kevin AgudeloSpezia · Midfielder #33Hristov is also on, with Agudelo being replaced.,0
Daniel MaldiniSpezia · Striker #30Verde comes on for Maldini, who restored parity for Spezia.,0
Messias is shown a yellow card for simulation after going down in the penalty area untouched by Caldara. The winger has no complaints as he gets back up and tracks back as Milan once again search for the lead.,2
Asst: A. RecaSPEZIA FIND THE EQUALISER! OF COURSE IT’S MALDINI! 1-1! Milan fail to clear a corner, with Diaz putting his volley into the chest of Reca. The substitute takes the ball to the left wing and lays it off for Maldini, who takes a touch and curls a superb shot into the far corner!,1
Kelvin Amian AdouSpezia · Midfielder #27Amian makes way for Reca in Spezia’s first change of the match.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4A half-time change for Milan sees Tonali replace the cautioned Bennacer.,0
he first yellow card of the match is shown to Bennacer for a mistimed sliding challenge on Kiwior.,2
Asst: I. BennacerMILAN TAKE THE LEAD AND DO THEY DESERVE IT! 1-0! Bennacer spots the far-post run of Hernandez and delivers a perfect cross to the full-back. The captain chests it down ahead of Amian and coolly beats the goalkeeper at his near post!,1
eoane pulls back Nacho's shirt as the centre-back looks to advance into the Getafe half and is shown a yellow card.,2
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #12Camavinga is taken off after that challenge from Iglesias and is replaced by Odriozola.,0
Gastón ÁlvarezGetafe · Defender #4For Getafe, Amavi is introduced at left-back with Alvarez making way.,0
Iglesias brings down his opposite full-back Camavinga with a late challenge and is shown a yellow card.,2
Carles AleñáGetafe · Midfielder #11Getafe turn to their bench again as Alena makes way for Seoane.,0
Asst: L. VázquezGOOOOAAAALL!!! MADRID LEAD!! 1-0!! Getafe had a great chance moments earlier and Madrid make them pay with the game's opening goal. Asensio cuts in from the left and is given space to unwind a shot. The Spaniard does just that and it creeps in at the near post, with a slight deflection taking it past Soria.,1
Jaime MataGetafe · Striker #7Mata also comes off and is replaced by Angileri.,0
Borja MayoralGetafe · Striker #19Getafe now make three changes as Mayoral comes off for Algobia.,0
PortuGetafe · Striker #9Portu also makes way with El Haddadi coming on.,0
Dani CeballosReal Madrid · Midfielder #19Mariano comes on up front with Ceballos making way.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Striker #7Hazard, who won the free kick, makes way for Vinicius.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Striker #15Before that free-kick, the home side make a triple change. First off is Valverde who is replaced by Modric.,0
Alderete is shown a yellow card after he trips up Hazard and Madrid have a free-kick in a promising position on the edge of the box.,2
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Madrid make a change at the break as Mendy comes off for Kroos.,0
Camavinga is the first Madrid player into the book after a poor challenge on Alvarez.,2
t's a silly late challenge from Mata on Ceballos and he is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
or a foul out wide on Guehi, Forshaw goes into the referee's notebook.,2
Tyler RobertsLeeds United · Striker #11To kill precious time, Roberts comes off for Leeds and Cresswell is now on.,0
Penalty GoalLEEDS IN FRONT! Raphinha skips into the penalty kick and coolly slots the ball past Guaita in the Palace goal, sending the Leeds fans delirious with joy! At the death, it's Leeds 1-0 Palace!,1
or handling the ball in the area, Guehi is inevitably booked - adding to his pain at conceding such a late penalty.,2
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Vieira makes a last roll of the dice, as the lively Ayew is replaced by Olise in the dying moments of the game.,0
Due to Kouyate's quick turn on the ball inside his own half, Roberts' sliding challenge upends the Palace midfielder and earns him a yellow card.,2
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Palace make another change for the final 10 minutes, as Schlupp comes off and Hughes is brought on in his place.,0
Dallas crudely hauls back Zaha in the latest tussle between the pair, and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Vieira makes a change up front in his search for all three points, as Benteke is brought on for the ineffective Edouard.,0
 far from ideal start for Firpo, as he is caught out of position and clips Ayew 20 yards out from goal, conceding a free-kick in dangerous territory and picking up a yellow card.,2
Mateusz KlichLeeds United · Midfielder #43Klich has been replaced by Rodrigo at the break, as Leeds chase an increasingly rare victory.,0
Pascal StruijkLeeds United · Defender #21Following his difficulties in the first half, Struijk has been taken off, with Junior Firpo on in his place.,0
Struijk's troubles in dealing with Ayew continue, as the defender's attempts to stop Palace's number nine from dribbling down the right end in the concession of a free-kick and a booking for the Leeds left-back.,2
Tempers are flaring now, as Gallagher thunders into a lunging challenge on Raphinha, which deservedly earns him a booking. He'd previously been struck by a flailing arm and went looking for vengeance.,2
ronic cheers reverberate around a soggy Elland Road, as Ward is penalised for holding back James and subsequently finding his way into the referee's notebook.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!81'Reims1 - 4ValenciennesKévin CabralValenciennes,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!63'Reims1 - 3ValenciennesKévin CabralValenciennes,1
YELLOW: Dendoncker carries the ball all the way into the corner of the pitch, is tackled by Lo Celso and then pulls the Tottenham man down. That earns a booking but might also earn a victory.,2
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9SUB: Wolves change their outlet, with Podence on for Jimenez.,0
Ben DaviesTottenham · Midfielder #33SUB: Mourinho's last roll of the dice sees 18-year-old striker Parrott replace left-back Davies.,0
YELLOW: Davies is the second Tottenham player to go into the book after a very strong challenge on Doherty. The left-back is furious but surely can have no complaints.,2
ELLOW: Stand-in skipper Winks follows his team-mate into the book after bemoaning the decision.,2
Serge AurierTottenham · Midfielder #24SUB: It looked at half-time as though Aurier could be the match-winner. Now he makes way for Fernandes with Tottenham chasing the game.,0
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18SUB: This is a defensive Wolves change, perhaps a reaction to Tottenham's substitution. Dendoncker reinforces the midfield as Jota makes way.,0
Japhet TangangaTottenham · Defender #39SUB: Tottenham respond with a switch of their own - and, it would seem, a change of shape. Tanganga, a defender, makes way for midfielder Ndombele.,0
Adama TraoréWolves · Striker #37SUB: Traore now does make way after his earlier issues, with Neto on.,0
sst: D. JotaGOOAAALLLL!!! JIMENEZ! 3-2 Wolves! Clinical! Wolves break and they are ever so effective. Jimenez collects the ball on the right corner of the area, sits down Tanganga with a lovely dummy, and finishes high past Gazzaniga. What a turnaround!,1
YELLOW: Boly goes into the book as he halts Tottenham's counter following the challenge on Traore.,2
YELLOW: Wolves have their tails up, and Lo Celso goes into the book for chopping down the breaking Traore.,2
GOOAAALLLL!!! JOTA! 2-2! Tottenham are made to pay for the Alli miss! Doherty gets in on the right for Wolves and his low cross-cum-shot is only diverted into Jota's path by Gazzaniga. He cannot miss from a yard out.,1
Asst: D. AlliGOOAAALLLL!!! AURIER! 2-1 Tottenham! A rare moment of quality! Aurier has been one of Tottenham's better players, and he dances inside from the right and slams a left-footed finish past the rooted Patricio into the far corner. A huge lift for Spurs on the stroke of half-time.,1
OOAAALLLL!!! DOHERTY! 1-1! This is awful from Tanganga! Vinagre gets free on the left after a one-two with Jota and crosses low. The ball is straight at Tanganga, but the defender fails to adjust and simply knocks the ball straight into the path of Doherty in the six-yard box. The Ireland international slams in.,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! BERGWIJN! 1-0 Tottenham! The first real chance of the game leads to the opener. Aurier crosses from the right as Spurs throw men forward, although Lucas cannot make contact in the centre. The ball instead arrives for Alli. Patricio does well to block a low finish, but Bergwijn is on hand to prod the rebound into a gaping goal.,1
hiellini took out Brozovic from behind earlier in Inter's attack. The referee originally played the advantage but shows the defender a yellow card when the move fizzles out.,2
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Final change for Inter now and it's Barella that's going off after he went down a little earlier. Vecino is on for him.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #27And Locatelli also makes way, with Jorge coming on in his place.,0
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #14Another double change for Juventus now as McKennie goes off on the far side, with Arthur replacing him.,0
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Perisic is also being taken off, with Dumfries on to replace him.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Inter are making a double change now. Martinez, who has struggled to get into the game, goes off for Sanchez.,0
Perisic slides in to try and block Chiesa's shot but his trailing leg catches the substitute and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Dejan KulusevskiJuventus · Striker #44Kulusevski is also making way, with Chiesa on for him.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11There's a double change for Juve here as Cuadrado is taken off and replaced by Dybala.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Inter are making their first change now and it's Calhanoglu that's going off for Gagliardini.,0
It's a poor challenge from Alex Sandro as he jumps in and catches Barella with his studs. He was nowhere near the ball and is booked.,2
Barella is very late as he slides in on Alex Sandro and takes out the defender. He claims he got the ball, but that doesn't stop the referee from showing him the first yellow card of the game.,2
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #20Bernardeschi isn't able to carry on after that shoulder injury he picked up a few minutes ago. He's taken off and replaced by Bentancur.,0
ZEKO SCORES! Darmian works the ball to Skriniar, who spots Calhanoglu in space through the middle. He whips a brilliant shot towards goal that has Szczesny scrambling and it smacks the corner of the goal frame. Dzeko is waiting in the middle and he volleys the ball into the back of the empty net. A VAR check shows he was onside and it's 1-0 Inter! ,1
nai Simon is the latest man to see yellow. The cards have been busy today.,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Mariano Diaz is on for Benzema as Madrid hunt this last-gasp opportunity to keep the game alive.,0
Now Garcia is booked himself for a foolish challenge, leaving him to rue his mistakes. That set-piece doesn't provide the threat that Bilbao were looking for.,2
roos gets slapped with a booking now after sliding in on Dani Garcia. It's a foolish play at this stage of the game and hands Bilbao a free-kick inside the Madrid half to ease some pressure.,2
Raúl GarcíaAthletic Club · Striker #22It is the end of Raul Garcia's game - and what a game for him - now as Bilbao bring on Asier Villalibre.,0
Mikel BalenziagaAthletic Club · Defender #24Balenziaga meanwhile makes way for Jon Morcillo for Bilbao too.,0
OAL! KARIM BENZEMA PULLS IT BACK FOR REAL MADRID! 2-1! VAR overturns the on-field decision! There's no need for the monitor, and Bilbao may have some raised eyebrows on the replay, but there's enough to warrant a reversal from the referee. Los Blancos are back in this!,1
Ander CapaAthletic Club · Defender #21Inigo Lekue also replaces Capa for the leaders.,0
Unai VencedorAthletic Club · Midfielder #27There's changes now for Bilbao too, as Mikel Vesga replaces Vencedor.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Federico Valverde is also on for Los Blancos, replacing Modric.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Striker #7With play yet to resume, Madrid ring the changes, bringing on Vinicius Junior on for Hazard.,0
That is a rash challenge from Capa, who would do well to watch his step with that. He picked up that red card against Madrid the last time these sides met. He gets a booking this time around.,2
Raphaël VaraneReal Madrid · Defender #5Los Blancos have made a change at the break though, with Varane hooked and Nacho on in his place.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! RAUL GARCIA MAKES IT TWO FOR ATHLETIC BILBAO! 2-0! A double for the striker and a coolly composed finish from the spot as he strokes it in at the right post, Courtois sent skimming the other way. Madrid pay the price there.,1
Penalty to Bilbao! Oh, Vazquez should not be doing that, absolutely clattering Martinez as he dinks into the box to collect a cross. It is a spot-kick, plain and simple, no VAR about it. The defender gets booked for his troubles too.,2
Asst: D. GarcíaGOAL! RAUL GARCIA OPENS THINGS FOR ATHLETIC BILBAO! 1-0! It is a peach of a throughball from Dani Garcia and Madrid's defence should really do better as the striker latches onto it and sweeps a cool finish past Courtois. Glorious stuff!,1
Another booking in a fierce game as Smith lunges out to bring down Cantwell - he didn't need to do that as Cantwell's going nowhere and it means the game's most likely over for the visitors.,2
Emi BuendíaNorwich City · Midfielder #17A final substitution for Norwich as Buendia goes off for Rupp, another new addition in the January window.,0
Dan GoslingBournemouth · Midfielder #4And a final change for Bournemouth too as Gosling makes way for Lewis Cook.,0
Teemu PukkiNorwich City · Striker #22A solid performance from Pukki on his return from injury, but he's taken off for Drmic.,0
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8Howe, on the other hand, senses weakness and is going for it by taking off Lerma for Solanke.,0
Ondrej DudaNorwich City · Midfielder #25Farke can be very happy with what his new signing has shown on his debut, but needs must when you're down to 10 men, so Duda makes way for another defender in Hanley.,0
orwich keeper Krul also goes into the book for his role in the argument.,2
Tempers are flaring at Carrow Road and Wilson's infuriated by the challenge, but he's shown a yellow card for remonstrating with the referee.,2
E'S GONE! It's a second red card of the game as Norwich go down to 10 - Godfrey's sent off for a really poor challenge on Wilson. He slides in late with his studs up and catches Wilson on the ankle - it's been upgraded to a red following a check on the pitchside monitor.,3
Buendia's shown the first yellow of the game for a high tackle on Rico - he's trying to control a pass as both players have eyes on the ball, but he catches Rico in the face nonetheless.,2
Harry WilsonBournemouth · Striker #22Harry Wilson is the forward sacrificed here to reinforce the back four in Cook's absence - it's Francis on to fill in at centre-back.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! 1-0 NORWICH! The hosts then awarded a penalty for Cook's handball and it's calm and composed from Pukki to finish down the middle of the goal. ,1
CENES! Cantwell plays in Pukki with a beautiful dinked pass, but Ramsdale's off his line quick and does excellently to close him down. It comes out to McLean at the edge of the box for a shot which strikes the post, but only because Cook has handled it! It's a fingertips save to keep Bournemouth level, but sadly it's not the keeper making it! Cook sees red and the VAR upholds the on-field decision - penalty to Norwich and Bournemouth down to 10.,3
sst: O. BobbAKE SCORES! It's more great link-up play from City down their right side and Nunes slides it into Bobb at the byline. He whips a cross into the six-yard box and Ake throws himself forward to get to it ahead of Aarons, beating Radu with his diving header from close range. 6-1 City!,1
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20And that goal was Silva's last involvement as Bobb is brought on in his place.,0
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9Bournemouth's final roll of the dice sees Kluivert, who scored against Liverpool in midweek, come on for Solanke.,0
Asst: J. DokuSILVA SCORES AGAIN! It all starts with a superb cross-field pass from Doku to pick out Silva's free run down the right. Kelly doesn't close him down until it's too late, and the winger takes it around him before dinking it in from a very tight angle. It's over the line when Zabarnyi hooks it away, but Nunes volleyed the follow-up in to make sure. The goal will go to Silva though, and it's 5-1 to City!,1
Asst: M. AaronsSINISTERRA PULLS ONE BACK! What an impact by the substitute! City are caught out with a simple long ball over the top from Kelly out to Aarons, who is in acres of space down the right. He plays another early cross into the box, but this one is weighted perfectly, and Sinisterra drags it around Walker before sliding it into the back of the net. After a VAR check for offside, it stands. 4-1!,1
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16And Tavernier, who has struggled to get into this game, is replaced by Sinisterra.,0
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth are making a double change. Billing is taken off for Semenyo.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16And Phillips gets a rare chance as he comes on for Rodri.,0
Julián ÁlvarezMan City · Midfielder #19Nunes comes on in place of Alvarez.,0
John StonesMan City · Defender #5Both sides have been waiting a while to make these changes, and we'll start with a triple swap for City. Stones is replaced by Lewis.,0
Asst: J. DokuFODEN SCORES! He starts the move, sweeping it out to Doku on the left once more. Aarons sits off, unsure what the Belgian is going to do, but he just opens up his body to slide it through the Foden. He's in the middle of a crowd, but he gets into a pocket of space before stroking it past Radu into the back of the net. 4-0 City!,1
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9There are changes for both sides at the break, starting with City. It appears that Haaland has a knock, so they're taking no chances with him. Foden replaces him.,0
Chris MephamBournemouth · Defender #6And for Bournemouth, it's Senesi that's coming on in place of Mepham.,0
Alex ScottBournemouth · Midfielder #14Scott is being helped by the physio as he limps around the edge of the pitch. His game is over as Rothwell replaces him.,0
Asst: J. DokuAKANJI SCORES! It's City's seventh corner, and Bournemouth haven't dealt with it whenever it's been played short to Silva. He shapes like he's going to cross, but instead, he squares it into Doku just outside the D. He wrongfoots Billing with a quick half-turn before firing on goal, but it's the deflection off Akanji's back that takes it past Radu. 3-0 City!,1
Asst: J. DokuSILVA SCORES! And just like that, City have doubled their lead! It's more wonderful play from Doku, who links up well with Walker down the right before leaving Mepham in a spin with some clever footwork. He slides it into Silva, who doesn't even have to break stride as he runs onto it, stroking it into the bottom corner. 2-0 City!,1
The first yellow card of the game goes to Billing, who kicks the ball away to prevent City from taking a free-kick.,2
Asst: RodriDOKU SCORES! It's a lovely goal by City! Radu punches away Walker's cross, but the hosts quickly win it back once more. Ake touches it into Doku's feet, and he plays a one-two with Rodri as he skips through the crowd of defenders to get into the box. He takes the shot first time when it comes back to him, and it skims off Mepham's back and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 City!,1
Franck HonoratMönchengladbach · Midfielder #9Gladbach make their final substitution of the game, with Honorat brought off in favour of Ranos.,0
sst: L. SanéWHAT A HEADER! 3-1! Kone’s foul on Tel 30 yards from goal gives Bayern Munich a free-kick in a crossing position, with Sane tasked with taking it. The winger sends a lovely delivery into the penalty area for De Ligt, who evades his marker and sends a powerful header over the hand of Nicolas, off the crossbar and in!,1
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Already ahead by a goal, Tuchel decides against risking Davies' health, with Guerreiro coming on to replace him in the final minutes.,0
Rocco ReitzMönchengladbach · Midfielder #27An alteration in midfield for the visitors sees Fukuda come on for Reitz with five minutes to go.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25In the aftermath of the goal, Tuchel takes Muller off for Tel.,0
ANE CLEANS UP! 2-1 BAYERN! Davies' pass into the penalty area is initially cleared by Friedrich, who can only put the ball as far as Goretzka on the corner of the 18-yard box. The Germany international immediately scoops a cross into the penalty area that Nicolas looks to claim, but the goalkeeper spills it and allows Kane to dispatch a header into the empty net!,1
Florian NeuhausMönchengladbach · Midfielder #10Already on a yellow card, Seoane protects Neuhaus by recalling him to the bench, with Kone set to take his place.,0
Nathan NgoumouMönchengladbach · Midfielder #19It’s three changes at one time for Gladbach, who also freshen up the left wing by throwing on Hack for Ngoumou.,0
Noussair MazraouiBayern · Defender #40Boey comes on for his first Bayern Munich appearance, with Mazraoui given a rest for the final 28 minutes.,0
Luca NetzMönchengladbach · Defender #20A change at left-back for the visitors sees Lainer come on for Netz.,0
Asst: T. MüllerTWO GOALS IN TWO GAMES FOR PAVLOVIC! 1-1! Bayern pull level just before half-time with a well-worked goal, with Sane dropping deep on the wing before cutting inside and spotting Muller. The forward takes a touch before playing a pass into the channel for Pavlovic, whose acute-angle shot gets past Nicolas!,1
Asst: T. SiebatcheuGLADBACH DO IT AGAIN! 1-0! Neuer’s pass through the middle of the pitch for Muller is easily intercepted by Elvedi, who continues his run forward and plays a pass into the 18-yard box for Pefok. Unselfishly, the striker spots the movement of his team-mate and plays the ball back to the defender, whose first-time effort is dispatched accurately into the bottom corner!,1
The first yellow card of the match goes the way of Neuhaus, for a handball during an attempt to intercept a pass 20 yards from goal. It’s a free-kick for Bayern in a very dangerous position, with Sane and Kane standing over the deadball.,2
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Juventus are making their third change now. Kean slowly makes his way off the field as Yildiz is brought on for him.,0
Valentino LazaroTorino · Midfielder #20Lazaro is also making way, with Geneitis on for him.,0
Ricardo RodriguezTorino · Defender #13Torino's latest change is a triple one. Rodriguez is the first to go off, with Vojvoda on for him.,0
atti is chasing back, trying to catch Zapata and steps across him, clipping the forward's heels after touching the ball. He goes into the book.,2
Demba SeckTorino · Midfielder #23Torino are making their first change of the game now. Seck is taken off, with Sanabria replacing him.,0
Asst: F. KostićMILIK SCORES! It's another corner that causes Torino problems. Again, Milinkovic-Savic rushes off his line but gets nowhere near the ball. Milik gets in front of the keeper to get on the end of Kostic's cross and thumps this header into the back of the empty net. 2-0 Juve!,1
ATTI SCORES! It's a poor error by Milinkovic-Savic who flies off his line to meet the corner, but completely misses the ball. Kean sees an overhead kick cleared off the line, Bremer's effort is blocked, but Gatti does manage to hit the back of the net. The flag goes up, but a VAR check sees that Kean wasn't offside, and it will count. 1-0 Juve!,1
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Striker #20Miretti struggled to have much of an impact up top in the first half, so he's replaced by Milik at the start of the second half.,0
Bellanova rushes across and clatters into Rabiot to stop his run. He can have no complaints as he picks up the first booking of the game.,2
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Midfielder #28James enters the action to replace Azpilicueta for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Romelu LukakuChelsea · Striker #9Lukaku is withdrawn by Tuchel, although he has been an important player at the back for the Blues rather than going forward. Havertz replaces the Belgian.,0
Sergi CanosBrentford · Midfielder #7Ghoddos replaces Canos for the home side on the right flank.,0
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Frank attempts to up the pressure on the Blues by adding an additional forward. Forss is on to replace Onyeka.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Mount enters the action in the Chelsea midfield to replace Kovacic.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHILWELL SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!! The full-back latches on to a loose ball on the edge of the box and hammers a strike on his left-foot into the top-left corner. Jansson does well to keep a cross from Azpilicueta away from Lukaku, but Chilwell capitalises after being left unmarked with a super strike to break the deadlock.,1
anos goes into the book for dissent after Onyeka is penalised for a foul on Loftus-Cheek. The wing-back believes that his team-mate should have been awarded a free-kick seconds earlier. The referee takes action and now the Spaniard has to be careful.,2
beumo runs at Kovacic down the right flank and draws a foul from the midfielder, who goes into the book for his lunge.,2
ias joins his centre-back partner Laporte in the book for a foul inside the area and the subsequent verbal disagreement that came with referee Dean.,2
Azpilicueta clears with a diving header and Laporte clatters into the back of him. For his needless foul, Laporte goes into the book.,2
Azpilicueta brings down Foden after the Englishman had made it past him and the Spaniard becomes the next name in the referee's book.,2
Thiago SilvaChelsea · Defender #6Silva, much like De Bruyne earlier in the second half, limps off and Zouma is the man to replace the Brazilian in the Chelsea defence.,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Tuchel makes a defensive change at the same time as Havertz's introduction as he also brings on Emerson for Ziyech.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Werner, who assisted Ziyech's opener, wanders over to the touchline and his German colleague Havertz makes his way onto the pitch to replace the forward.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Pulisic, who has been in great Premier League form, is Tuchel's first change as the American replaces Mount.,0
Ferran TorresMan City · Midfielder #21Guardiola makes another change as he brings off Torres and introduces Gundogan to City's midfield.,0
Fernandinho becomes the first City player in Dean's book for racking up numerous fouls in this FA Cup semi-final clash.,2
Asst: T. WernerGOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 CHELSEA! Werner gets in behind the City defence in the left-hand channel, thanks to a throughball from Mount near the halfway line. The German striker draws Steffen out of his goal before squaring to Ziyech, who taps into an empty net with a routine left-footed finish from near the penalty spot.,1
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17De Bruyne limps off and Guardiola sends on Foden to replace him in the Citizens' midfield.,0
After going close at the other end, James hacks down Fernandinho and becomes the first booking of this FA Cup semi-final clash.,2
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Wolves' fourth substitution sees Gibbs-White enter proceedings in place of Jimenez.,0
Jonny OttoWolves · Midfielder #19Wolves are making another change as Jonny is replaced by Vinagre ahead of stoppage time.,0
sst: M. DohertyGOOOAL! A stunning effort from Neto makes it 2-0 to Wolves! Doherty collects the ball near the right-hand byline before clipping an inviting cross towards the back post and Neto then steadies himself before powering a ferocious strike into the top right-hand corner.,1
Jeremy NgakiaWest Ham · Defender #52The hosts' next change sees Ngakia replaced by Fredericks at full-back.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #18West Ham are now making a double change with Yarmolenko replacing Fornals in the first switch.,0
sst: AdamaGOOOAL! Jimenez makes it 1-0 to Wolves! Traore makes a strong impact from the bench as he edges past both Fornals and Cresswell before clipping a wonderful cross towards Jimenez who makes no mistake by nodding home at the back post.,1
Felipe AndersonWest Ham · Midfielder #8West Ham make their first switch as Lanzini is called on to replace Felipe Anderson.,0
Leander DendonckerWolves · Midfielder #32Wolves' second swap sees Traore enter the fray in place of Dendoncker.,0
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Wolves are making a double change with the first substitution seeing Neto introduced in place of Jota.,0
Moutinho is shown the first yellow card of the match following a late lunge on Felipe Anderson.,2
Mats WiefferFeyenoord · Midfielder #20Feyenoord are just going to have chance to make their change before the end of the game. They're bringing Jahanbakhsh on for the final few seconds in place of Wieffer.,0
Wieffer leads with his elbow as he rises for an aerial challenge, and just catches Paredes in the side of the head. It's another costly booking for Feyenoord, as he'll also miss their next game if they go through.,2
Leonardo SpinazzolaRoma · Defender #37Roma's latest change is a straight swap at left-back, as Angelino is brought on for Spinazzola.,0
dicka just shoves Ueda in the back to stop him from controlling the ball. The referee goes straight to his pocket for a yellow card.,2
Paulo DybalaRoma · Striker #21There's another roll of the dice for De Rossi here. Dybala is making way, with Baldanzi on in his place.,0
Stephan El ShaarawyRoma · Striker #92Roma are making a change before the start of extra time. El Shaarawy, who was arguably their brightest player in the second half, goes off for Zalewski.,0
t's a desperate challenge from Timber as he slides in on Dybala, getting nowhere near the ball. He's booked, and it means that he'll be unavailable for Feyenoord's next match if they make it through.,2
Diego LlorenteRoma · Defender #14Llorente is taken off the pitch on a stretcher after his head injury, and Ndicka is brought on to replace him.,0
Santiago GiménezFeyenoord · Striker #29Feyenoord's final roll of the dice sees Ueda coming on to replace the goalscorer, Gimenez.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7And for Roma, it is the goalscorer, Pellegrini, that's going off. Aouar is on for him.,0
Bart NieuwkoopFeyenoord · Midfielder #2Both sides are making more changes here, starting with Feyenoord. The full forward line apart from the goalscorer has now been swapped, as Minteh replaces Nieuwkoop.,0
Rick KarsdorpRoma · Defender #2Roma are making their first change now, and it's a straight swap at right-back. Karsdorp is going off, with Celik coming on in his place.,0
Hancko knows that Dybala is going to get away from him, so he wraps his around him to drag the Argentinian back. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2
Igor PaixãoFeyenoord · Midfielder #14And Paixao, who has struggled to get even a sight of goal in this game, is taken off for Ivanusec.,0
Calvin StengsFeyenoord · Midfielder #10Feyenoord are making the first changes of the game, and Slot is looking to add something different to his forward line. Stengs is the first to go off, with Zerrouki replacing him.,0
gain, it's two high boots, but this time, it's Geertruida who's late. He catches Pellegrini on the bottom of his foot, and can't be surprised that a yellow card followed the challenge.,2
Paredes and Nieuwjoop both have their legs high to try and get to the ball, but the Argentinian is slightly later reaching it. He gets the slightest of nicks on the Dutchman's leg, and goes into the book.,2
Spinazzola just clips Nieuwkoop's heel as the winger tries to cut inside, and he picks up the first booking of the game.,2
sst: Il FaraonePELLEGRINI EQUALISES! And what a goal it is! El Shaaraway's run down the left is tracked all the way by Geertruida, but he manages to get a yard on the defender to pull it back to Pellegrini. From just outside the box, he knocks it past Wieffer before curling a shot across goal and into the far side of the net. 1-1!,1
GIMENEZ SCORES! Paixao has acres of space down the left side and he races into the final third before drilling a low cross into the box. It's behind Stengs, but Nieuwkoop is alert and manages to beat Mancini to the ball to keep it alive. It hits Gimenez, who doesn't have to move to help it loop into the net. 1-0 Feyenoord!,1
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19An excellent shift for Mbeumo comes to its end, as Lewis-Potter is given a few minutes to impress up front.,0
Josh DasilvaBrentford · Midfielder #10Dasilva is the third man taken off in Brentford's triple change, and Damsgaard is offered a brief cameo in his place.,0
Ivan ToneyBrentford · Striker #17Recent signing Schade comes on for opening goalscorer Toney up front.,0
Kristoffer AjerBrentford · Defender #20Frank takes the chance to rest some players for a few minutes, with a triple change. First, Ajer makes way for Jorgensen in defence.,0
Marcos SenesiBournemouth · Defender #25Having conceded the penalty and had a tough battle with Toney today, Senesi is replaced; Rothwell comes on.,0
sst: J. DasilvaBRENTFORD GO TWO UP! Taking a surely unassailable lead, the Bees sting on the counter, as Jensen calmly controls Dasilva's ball across the edge of the area before slamming the ball home past a helpless Neto! They've taken their chances despite a lack of fluency today, and it's now 2-0 to the hosts - is that game over?,1
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Having seen his influence wane during the second half, Wissa is withdrawn; Roerslev comes in to fill a more defensive role for the Bees.,0
onsidered to be time-wasting over a goal-kick, Raya is shown a yellow card.,2
Jaidon AnthonyBournemouth · Midfielder #32Anthony is withdrawn by his manager, and O'Neil turns to Dembele for some inspiration.,0
Penalty GoalBRENTFORD LEAD! In typically efficient fashion, Toney steps up to the penalty spot, takes a copule of short steps and plants a powerful shot past Neto and into the top-right corner! Brentford's pressure pays, and the Bees go 1-0 up!,1
For protesting too vociferously at the penalty award, Neto is booked by the referee.,2
Lewis CookBournemouth · Midfielder #4Despite trying to return to the action after clashing with Jensen in a 50-50 challenge, Cook can't continue. Pearson will replace him in midfield.,0
Alex IwobiFulham · Midfielder #22Silva makes another change, and Fulham look happy to hold what they have. Iwobi takes his time to depart as Lukic replaces him.,0
ilson is cautioned for clear tactical foul to stop Gilmour on halfway. The Wales international pleads his innocence, but he has no case.,2
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20Willian is the man to make way as Cairney enters the action.,0
Evan FergusonBrighton · Striker #28Brighton make another change as they look to get back on top. Joao Pedro replaces the opening goalscorer Ferguson.,0
Fulham striker Muniz is booked for a careless shove on Gross in midfield.,2
Robinson receives the first booking of the game for a late challenge on Buonanotte on halfway. The Brighton substitute was about to break into Fulham territory but was cynically chopped down.,2
Mahmoud DahoudBrighton · Midfielder #8Gilmour replaces Dahoud in Brighton's fourth substitution of the match.,0
Carlos Noom Quomah BalebaBrighton · Midfielder #20Brighton make a triple change. Buonanotte is on for Baleba.,0
Asst: H. WilsonGOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! PALHINHA LEVELS! Wow. Fulham are level out of nowhere! Brighton lose the ball while playing out from the back, with Iwobi pressing high before feeding Wilson, who in turn picks out Palhinha. The midfielder – who should probably have been sent off in the first half – finds the top-right corner with a brilliant strike from the edge of the D. 1-1!,1
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14De Zerbi responds with one change of his own as Fati takes Lallana's place.,0
Raúl JiménezFulham · Striker #7Jimenez is withdrawn after yet another Premier League outing without a goal. Muniz replaces the frustrated Mexican.,0
Asst: P. GroßGOOOOOAAAAALLL! FERGUSON WITH THE OPENER! Brighton's dominance pays off as Ferguson strokes the ball past Leno from the edge of the box. Reed's loose pass is cut out by Igor, who advances over halfway before finding Gross. He slips a neat pass into the feet of Ferguson, who turns and finds the bottom-left corner with a lovely side-footed finish!,1
Red card! Griezmann jinks past Mbemba and it looks - for a moment - as though he'll go through on goal at the death. However, Mbemba cynically trips him over and the referee immediately shows him a straight red card! The defender could have no complaints after preventing such a clear goalscoring chance.,3
Luis DíazPorto · Midfielder #7Diaz makes way for Pepe in attack.,0
FelipeAtlético Madrid · Defender #18Felipe is replaced by Herrera in defence.,0
Felipe clumsily bundles Otavio over on the edge of the box and is shown a yellow card. This set-piece is in a prime position for the visitors.,2
Vitinha is immediately booked for delaying an Atletico free-kick.,2
Toni MartínezPorto · Striker #29Martinez also walks off after a quiet game, with Oliveira coming on.,0
Mateus UribePorto · Midfielder #8Two more changes for Porto. Uribe makes way for Vitinha in midfield.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Joao Felix is replaced by Griezmann in attack.,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Hermoso departs with Lodi taking his place.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Atletico make a triple substitution - Simeone is clearly unhappy with their performance. The first change sees Koke make way for Correa.,0
PepePorto · Defender #3Pepe limps off to be replaced by Marcano in defence.   ,0
ondogbia gets a yellow card now. He was judged to have unfairly challenged with Taremi in the air.,2
Zaidu SanusiPorto · Defender #12Sanusi - who was on a yellow card - is replaced by Wendell at left-back.,0
ribe's late challenge on Koke results in a yellow card and a promising free-kick 30 yards from goal for the hosts. ,2
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Diego Simeone clearly isn't happy with his side's display so far and he makes an early substitution: Lemar departs with De Paul taking his place in midfield.     ,0
Sanusi joins Diaz in the book after a raking challenge on Koke's shin.,2
iaz tangles awkwardly with Gimenez near the centre-circle and earns himself a yellow card. ,2
eballos slides in hard on Robinson on the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Matthew PhillipsWest Brom · Midfielder #10Harper enters the action to replace Phillips for the closing stages of the game.,0
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Midfielder #32Willock replaces Smith Rowe in the middle of the park for the visitors.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Saka is withdrawn after a fantastic outing and is replaced by Willian.,0
Gallagher brings down Saka with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Branislav IvanovicWest Brom · Defender #20Bartley replaces Ivanovic for the home side as the Serb appeared to be struggling with an injury.,0
sst: K. TierneyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LACAZETTE HAS HIS SECOND!!!! 4-0!!! The Gunners are rampant as the Frenchman converts from close range. Tierney has space and time down the left flank and he drills a perfect cross into the middle. Lacazette is unmarked six yards out and steers the cross into the back of the net. All too easy for the visitors.,1
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LACAZETTE CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 3-0 ARSENAL!! The Frenchman gets on the scoresheet pouncing to hammer a strike past Johnstone. Saka causes mayhem down the right flank before clipping a cross into the box. Ajayi hammers a clearance off the woodwork before Smith Rowe blasts a strike off the defender. The rebound falls to Lacazette, who pounces to steer a low effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
Héctor BellerínArsenal · Defender #2Bellerin has a knock and is replaced by Maitland-Niles.,0
Grady DianganaWest Brom · Midfielder #11Austin replaces Diangana at the break for the home side.,0
sst: E. Smith RoweGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ARSENAL CUT OPEN THE BAGGIES WITH EASE!!!! SAKA CONVERTS!!! 2-0!!!! The visitors notch their second goal of the evening with a sublime team move. Smith Rowe, Saka and Lacazette all combine to work their way around the Baggies. Lacazette flicks a pass into the right inside channel for the run of Smith Rowe. He cuts a low ball back for the run for Saka to slot a strike past a stranded Johnstone.,1
sst: R. HoldingGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TIERNEY SCORES A STUNNER!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!!! Tierney opens the scoring with a special strike. The left-back collects on the flank and races past Furlong. He turns inside the West Brom defender to cut back on his right foot. The Scot launches a right-footed effort towards goal that soars into the top-right corner. A super finish.,1
sst: L. ModrićGOOAAALLLLL! 3-1 MADRID! After almost conceding, Madrid wrap up the game in style. Benzema held the ball up well initially before receiving it back from Modric and burying it into the bottom corner.,1
Óscar de MarcosAthletic Club · Midfielder #18Muniain also enters the field in place of de Marcos.,0
Ander CapaAthletic Club · Defender #21Capa, who scored Athletic's goal, is replaced by Lekue. ,0
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Midfielder #17Vazquez is replaced by Rodrygo for the final 15 minutes.,0
sst: D. CarvajalGOOAAAALLL! 2-1 MADRID!! They've been limited to crosses into the box all game but this time the delivery was pinpoint. Mendy worked a corner short to Carvajal whose cross into the box was on a plate for Benzema to guide past Simon into the corner.,1
Iñaki WilliamsAthletic Club · Striker #9It's also the last we'll see of Williams who offered Athletic a brilliant outlet all game. Villalibre will lead the line for the last 25 minutes.,0
Unai VencedorAthletic Club · Midfielder #27Another change for the visitors. Vesga, who was a doubt for his game, replaces Vencedor.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Midfielder #20Zidane makes his first change as Vinicius makes way for Asensio.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15At the same time, Valverde's game is up and Isco comes on in his place.,0
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroAthletic Club · Midfielder #12Berenguer is replaced by Cordoba for the final 30 minutes or so.,0
GOOOAAALLLLL! ATHLETIC ARE LEVEL! They've started the half well and now they're level. Capa made a brilliant surge up field before feeding De Marcos in behind the Madrid defence. The midfielder then gave it straight back to his team-mate who had his first effort brilliantly saved before finding the net on the rebound. 1-1!,1
sst: V. JúniorGOOOAAAAALLLLL!! MADRID LEAD!! It looked like Athletic were going to survive until half-time but the hosts had other ideas. Some intricate play between Valverde and Vinicius teed up Kroos who thundered a shot from the edge of the area into the bottom corner. 1-0 Madrid!,1
RED CARD! Wow that seems harsh. Raul Garcia's game is over after just 14 minutes after he is booked for another challenge on Kroos. Neither seemed overly cynical nor were they committed in a dangerous area. ,3
Raul García catches Kroos late and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2
HERNANDEZ IS OFF! In the final seconds of stoppage time, Hernandez is shown a straight red! He was tugging back Dumfries' shirt, but the wing-back got away from him. He kept chasing him down though and slid in from behind, clipping the back of his heels, and Milan are down to 10 men!,3
Barella is brought down by Krunic this time, and he has his name taken by the referee.,2
Hernandez was making a wonderful weaving run down the left on the counter and Skriniar slid in to stop him. He's booked for the challenge.,2
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95And Bastoni is also taken off, with Darmian on for him.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Double change for Inter now, and it's Brozovic that's making way first, with Vecino on in his place.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Milan are making another change in the aftermath of that goal. Bennacer is going off, with Krunic on to replace him.,0
sst: D. CalabriaGIROUD SCORES AGAIN! It's a good throughball from Calabria to pick Giroud out in the box, and he pulls off a lovely flick and turn to take De Vrij out of the game completely. He curls a low shot into the bottom corner and Handanovic gets a hand to it, but only enough to help it over the line. 2-1 Milan!,1
t's a clumsy challenge from Bennacer on the back of Barella, and he's the latest player to go in the book.,2
IROUD EQUALISES! Tonali makes another brilliant run through the middle to get his team upfield before squaring it to Diaz on the edge of the D. He's going for goal, but scuffs the shot, and it takes deflections off two Inter defenders before it falls to an unmarked Giroud at the far post. He slides in to touch it in, and it's 1-1!,1
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Another change for Inter now, and it's Calhanoglu going off, with Vidal on in his place.,0
Diaz tugs the back of Barella's shirt to stop his run and earns a yellow card for it.,2
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14And the goalscorer, Perisic, is also taken off, with Dimarco replacing him.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10There's a double change for Inter now and Martinez is the first to make way, with Sanchez on in his place.,0
Brozovic steps across Diaz to stop his run and Calhanoglu runs straight up to the referee when the free-kick is given. He's booked for dissent.,2
Franck KessiéMilan · Midfielder #79Second change for Milan now and it's Kessie that's making way for Diaz.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56There's a change for Milan at the break as they try to get back into this game. Saelemaekers goes off, with Messias replacing him.,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluPERISIC SCORES! Calhanoglu whips another good corner into the box and Perisic has peeled away at the back of the crowd. He's completely unmarked and his low volley cuts through the crowd and into the bottom corner before Maignan can react. 1-0 Inter!,1
Romagnoli slides in on Dzeko to stop him from breaking on the counter and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Sow's frustration just gets the better of him as he clips Kroos from behind getting nowhere near the ball. He gets a yellow card, and it's a costly booking that means he'll miss the next match.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Madrid's last substitution sees Rodriguez coming on in place of Rodrygo.,0
Almost immediately after coming onto the pitch, Nianzou finds his name taken by the referee for a late tackle on Ceballos.,2
Kike SalasSevilla · Defender #2Sevilla's final change is a double one. Salas is the first to go off, with Nianzou on for him.,0
Lucas OcamposSevilla · Defender #5And Januzaj is also being introduced for the eight minutes of stoppage time in place of Ocampos.,0
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Striker #21After a very slow exit off the pitch, Diaz is now replaced by Ceballos for the last few minutes.,0
MODRIC SCORES! Madrid finally have the breakthrough! Valverde clips a cross into the box, but again, it's met by a Sevilla player, only Bade heads his clearance straight to Modric. He takes it around Soumare with his first touch, keeping it on the stretch, before he rifles his powerful shot past Nyland and into the back of the net. 1-0 Madrid!,1
Isaac RomeroSevilla · Striker #20Romero, who has struggled to get into the game, only managing one shot, is replaced by Veliz.,0
Óliver TorresSevilla · Midfielder #21And Torres is also going off, with Suso coming on for him.,0
Jesús NavasSevilla · Defender #16It's going to be a triple change for Sevilla. Navas is the first to make way, with Juanlu coming on in his place.,0
NachoReal Madrid · Defender #6Both sides are making their first changes here, with Madrid first up. Nacho hands the captain's armband to Modric as he's replaced by the Croatian, and that means Tchouameni will drop back to play in defence.,0
iaz had already skipped away from Ocampos, who just left his leg hanging to trip the Spaniard. He picks up a yellow card, much to his frustration.,2
roos spun away from Sow, clipping him in the process, and the referee awarded a free-kick to Sevilla. Kroos is furious with the decision, and that anger has seen his name taken by the referee.,2
Dan NdoyeBologna · Midfielder #11That was Ndoye's last action as he is replaced by Fabbian.,0
Yildiz goes into the book, seemingly for dissent after Juve conceded a free-kick.,2
Michel AebischerBologna · Midfielder #20Aebischer makes way as Bologna make another change. El Azzouzi takes his place.,0
Timothy WeahJuventus · Midfielder #22Juve make a double change. The first sees McKennie replace Weah.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Youngster Yildiz is also introduced with Locatelli making way.,0
sst: S. Iling-JuniorVLAHOVIC!!! 1-1! Juventus are level! After seeing a goal chalked off by VAR, there is no denying Vlahovic this time. Meeting Iling-Junior's wonderful cross, the number nine brilliantly plants a header into the far corner. Game on!,1
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #7Allegri introduces Milik for the final quarter of an hour with Chiesa making way.,0
Andrea CambiasoJuventus · Midfielder #27Juve make two changes. Iling-Junior replaces Cambiaso in one of them.,0
Nicolò FagioliJuventus · Midfielder #21The other substitution sees Pogba introduced in favour of Fagioli.,0
Nikola MoroBologna · Midfielder #6Bologna make a triple change. The first sees Dominguez replace Moro.,0
Charalampos LykogiannisBologna · Defender #22Lykogiannis goes off in Bologna's final change with Corazza taking his place.,0
Riccardo OrsoliniBologna · Midfielder #7Karlsson also enters the action for the hosts with Orsolini making way.,0
Asst: J. ZirkzeeFERGUSON!!! 1-0 BOLOGNA! The visitors lead in Turin! Zirkzee does brilliantly, holding the ball up before taking out two defenders by threading it through to Ferguson. The Scotland international has time to set himself and drill past Perin to stun the Allianz Stadium.,1
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #7Griezmann also heads off the pitch and he has been replaced by Dembele.,0
Óscar MinguezaBarcelona · Defender #28Final few changes for Barca now, with Mingueza one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Braithwaite.,0
Gerard PiquéBarcelona · Defender #3The other change sees Pique head off and he has been replaced by Araujo.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Barca make a double substitution, with Pedri the first to come off and he has been replaced by Moriba.,0
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Midfielder #2Barca have made their first change now, with Dest replaced by Sergi Roberto at right-back.,0
Asst: J. AlbaGOOOAAALLL! Messi gets his second and makes it 4-0! What a second half performance this is from Barca! Alba plays a one-two down the left wing with Griezmann and the left-back then pulls the ball back to Messi on the edge of the box, who fires it towards the bottom left corner of the goal. Simon gets a hand to it, but not enough to push it around the post and it flies into the back of the net.,1
Asst: F. de JongGOOOAAALLL! Messi gets involved in the goals and makes it 3-0! The Barca skipper races forward after winning the ball back on the halfway line and plays a quick one-two with De Jong, before racing into the box and playing another one-two. However, the angle is too tight for a shot, so he cuts inside onto his left foot with ease and fires the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1
Unai LópezAthletic Club · Midfielder #8Lopez is the final Athletic player to come off and Yuri is his replacement.,0
Iñaki WilliamsAthletic Club · Striker #9Williams also comes off and he has been replaced by Villalibre.,0
Yeray ÁlvarezAthletic Club · Defender #5Athletic make all of their remaining substitutions now, with Alvarez coming off and he has been replaced by Nunez.,0
Asst: J. AlbaGOOOAAALLL! De Jong doubles Barca’s lead and makes it 2-0! That’s two goals in the space of three minutes! He provided the assist for the first goal and has scored the second. Alba sprints down the left wing and delivers a superb low cross into the penalty area and Griezmann can’t quite reach it, so it falls to De Jong, who stoops to head home from just a couple of yards out.,1
sst: F. de JongGOOOAAALLL! Barca finally break the deadlock, Griezmann makes it 1-0! They break forward quickly and open up the Athletic defence, with Messi racing forward, before laying it out wide to De Jong on the overlap and he squares it to Griezmann, who pops it into the back of the net from the middle of the box. Lovely move and finish.,1
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroAthletic Club · Midfielder #12Athletic have made another change, with Berenguer the man coming off and he has been replaced by Vesga.,0
Iker MuniainAthletic Club · Midfielder #10Athletic have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Muniain the man coming off and he has been replaced by Inigo Martinez.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Dani Garcia, for his late sliding challenge on Messi around 20 yards out.,2
Kvaratskhelia is cautioned for time-wasting as Napoli try and edge over the winning line.,2
Rrahmani goes in the book for taking his shirt off in celebration, but he will not care one bit if Napoli can see out these remaining minutes!,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!! INCREDIBLE!!! RRAHMANI SURELY WINS IT FOR NAPOLI!!! A free-kick into the Salernitana penalty area is not dealt with by the visitors, and the ball falls to the feet of Rrahmani. The centre-back keeps his composure, firing into the back of the net to put the hosts 2-1 up and spark wild celebrations!,1
radaric receives a late booking for a cynical challenge in midfield.,2
Simeon Tochukwu NwankwoSalernitana · Striker #9Ikwuemesi also enters the fray, in place of Simy.,0
Junior SambiaSalernitana · Midfielder #6As Inzaghi looks to secure his team's point, he replaces Sambia with Bronn.,0
Norbert GyömbérSalernitana · Defender #23Inzaghi makes a change at the back, replacing Gyomber with Daniliuc.,0
Jens CajusteNapoli · Midfielder #24Cajuste goes down before clutching his hamstring. He is forced to limp off, with Demme coming on in his place.,0
Mateusz ŁęgowskiSalernitana · Midfielder #99Inzaghi makes his first substitution, bringing on Pierozzi for Legowski.,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Having levelled from the penalty spot, Politano makes way for Zerbin as Mazzarri looks to further freshen up his team.,0
Gianluca GaetanoNapoli · Midfielder #70Mazzarri looks to his bench for the first time, replacing Gaetano with Raspadori. It's an attacking change from the Napoli head coach.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL!!! POLITANO LEVELS FROM THE SPOT!!! The winger steps up, before coolly slotting into the bottom left corner. The goalkeeper guessed the right way, but the penalty was just too accurate and too powerful. 1-1!,1
Legowski is booked for hauling Kvaratskhelia to the turf in midfield.,2
Cajuste receives the first booking for wiping out Candreva in midfield.,2
Asst: D. BradarićGOOOAAALLL!!! SALERNITANA LEAD THE CHAMPIONS WITH A STUNNING STRIKE!!! Bradaric plays the ball back to Candreva, who cleverly makes space for a shot with a neat touch. All of 25 yards out, Candreva then sends a superb looping effort past Gollini and into the top corner to put Serie A's bottom side 1-0 up!,1
Duran joins Bailey in the referee's book soon after, seemingly for a needless tactical foul stopping proceedings. That should be that at Villa Park, though.,2
Bailey is shown a yellow card for wasting time towards the end of this clash.,2
Asst: M. DiabyGOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAL! BAILEY KILLS OFF THE CONTEST! Villa wrap up the points following a devastating counter-attack, with Diaby reaching the byline before cutting back from the left for Bailey to steer in the third! What a remarkable finish we've had here at Villa Park! 3-1 to Emery's side!,1
Ollie WatkinsAston Villa · Striker #11Villa also make a change, with Dendoncker on for Watkins as they bid to hold on.,0
Cheick DoucouréCrystal Palace · Midfielder #28Rak-Sakyi replaces Doucoure as Palace try to respond.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! DOUGLAS LUIZ SURELY WINS IT FOR VILLA! The Brazilian stutters in his run-up before sending Johnstone the wrong way, caressing the kick into the bottom-left corner. Villa have snatched victory from the jaws of defeat. 2-1!,1
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Ahamada replaces Edouard for Palace. They might be content to escape Villa Park with a draw now.,0
Asst: L. DigneGOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM DURAN! VILLA ARE LEVEL! Digne lifts his head up before floating a cross onto Duran's chest, just inside the penalty area. The substitute takes it down before swivelling and firing a left-footed volley into the top-left corner! Villa have their equaliser, and what a strike it was!,1
ash goes into the book for a kick on Edouard. Palace can eat up a few valuable seconds with a free-kick inside Villa's half.,2
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7Duran replaces McGinn in another attacking change for Villa.,0
Boubacar KamaraAston Villa · Midfielder #44Tielemans is also on, replacing Kamara in midfield.,0
Nicolò ZanioloAston Villa · Midfielder #22Zaniolo sees a cutback intercepted by Doucoure, and that will be his final action. Bailey replaces him on the Villa left.,0
Hughes goes into the book following a clumsy challenge on McGinn. The Palace midfielder is holding his knee, but he should be okay to continue.,2
Asst: J. MatetaGOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL! EDOUARD PUTS PALACE 1-0 UP! The Eagles make a flying start to the second half! Mateta does brilliantly in the build-up, spinning Torres on halfway before charging down the right to find Edouard with a perfect pass into the centre. Martinez slips as he looks to come off his line, allowing the Palace striker to side-foot home!,1
Zaniolo goes into the book, having thrown the ball away to delay the restart after Palace were awarded a throw-in. The Italian thought the decision was going to go his way.,2
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Ayew is unable to shake off his injury and is replaced by Mateta. That switch could see Edouard move out to the right flank.,0
Eze also goes into the book for waving an imaginary card at the referee after being felled.,2
alace win possession and look to break through Eze, who is barged over by McGinn. He becomes the first player to see yellow in this game.,2
Fred is shown a yellow card for a late challenge. Good refereeing to come back to that despite play having moved on.,2
Dorin RotariuAstana · Midfielder #9Astana's final change sees Rotariu come off for Ndombe Mubele.,0
Marcos RojoMan United · Defender #16Rojo - making his first appearance of the season - goes off to a round of applause for Young.,0
Asst: FredGOAAAAL! UNITED TAKE THE LEAD! At long last, they get the breakthrough and it's Greenwood with his first ever senior goal! What a way to get it as well. He's one-on-one against Rotariu, sends him every which way and and eventually tucks a right-footed shot low through Eric's legs.,1
Angel GomesMan United · Midfielder #28It's a double swap as Gomes also makes way for Mata.,0
Tahith ChongMan United · Midfielder #44A sign of how well Astana have defended perhaps, as Solskjaer makes his first change, taking off Chong for Lingard.,0
Luka ŠimunovićAstana · Midfielder #24Two changes for Astana at the break, the first of which sees Simunovic come off for Logvinenko.,0
Roman MurtazayevAstana · Striker #45The second sees Murtazayev make way for Janga.,0
RED CARD! Benteke has been shown a red card after the final whistle, it appears to be for a coming together with Konsa after the game has ended.,3
ouglas Luiz is booked for tripping Zaha as he quickly turned and sprinted into the final third.,2
TrézéguetAston Villa · Striker #17Villa make a late substitution, with Trezeguet coming off and he has been replaced by El Ghazi.,0
Mbwana SamattaAston Villa · Striker #20The other substitution sees Samatta replaced by Davis.,0
Conor HourihaneAston Villa · Midfielder #14Double substitution now for Villa, with Hourihane coming off and he has been replaced by Nakamba.,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Palace make another substitution, with Milivojevic heading off the pitch, passing the captains armband to Dann. Meyer is the man coming on.,0
nother Palace player is booked now, with Milivojevic tripping and then having a little bit of afters with Grealish.,2
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8The other Palace substitution sees Kouyate replaced by Riedewald.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Palace make a double change now, the first sees Ayew come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Townsend.,0
Asst: C. HourihaneGOOOAAALLL! Trezeguet with his second goal of the game to put Villa 2-0 ahead! McGinn whips a cross into the box, which is headed clear, but only to Hourihane, who feeds Trezeguet in the box and he pokes it past Guaita and into the back of the net from close range. Poor defending from Palace to allow Trezeguet the time to turn and pick his spot.,1
ouyate is booked for his late challenge on Douglas Luiz, with the Villa man just getting to the ball ahead of his opponent.,2
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Palace have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with McArthur replaced by McCarthy.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Villa lead 1-0 just before the break! Grealish is fouled around 30 yards out and Hourihane whips the free-kick into the penalty area, which Palace fail to deal with and it gets all the way to the back post where Trezeguet was waiting and he drills the ball past Guaita and into the back of the net. Huge goal for the hosts.,1
Neil TaylorAston Villa · Defender #3Here is the enforced Villa substitution, with Taylor heading off and he has been replaced by Targett.,0
Sakho is also booked for Palace, so the centre-back will have to be careful for the rest of the game.,2
A few yellow cards being issued now after the coming together, with Mings booked for his reaction to Zaha's challenge on his team-mate.,2
Zaha is booked for the original foul and coming together with Mings in the box.,2
Elif ElmasNapoli · Midfielder #7Napoli make another change and this time it's Elmas who makes way with Zerbin replacing the North Macedonian.,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9The goalscorer makes way to rapturous applause from the home fans. Simeone is the man who replaces Osimhen.,0
Riccardo SottilFiorentina · Midfielder #33After that goal, Fiorentina make another double-change. Sottil is replaced by Saponara on the left wing.,0
Sofyan AmrabatFiorentina · Midfielder #34Amrabat also comes off in central midfield with Kouame replacing him.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! NAPOLI LEAD!! 1-0!! Osimhen makes no mistake this time and Napoli are ahead! The striker steps up and slams it high and down the middle to give the home side the lead. With that goal, he becomes the highest-scoring African in the history of Serie A.,1
Giacomo BonaventuraFiorentina · Midfielder #5Fiorentina turn to their bench again as Bonaventura makes way for Castrovilli.,0
Alfred DuncanFiorentina · Midfielder #32Duncan also comes off with Mandragora coming on in central midfield.,0
Giacomo RaspadoriNapoli · Striker #81Raspadori also comes off with Zielinski replacing him.,0
DodôFiorentina · Defender #2Fiorentina also make a change as Dodo comes off for Venuti.,0
Diego DemmeNapoli · Midfielder #4Napoli make a double-change at half-time. First off is Demme with Lobotka coming on in central midfield.,0
Hirving LozanoNapoli · Striker #11Lozano is replaced and there is a roar from the crowd as Kvaratskhelia is the man introduced.,0
Kristoffer AjerBrentford · Defender #20Brentford make a change at the back, as Ajer departs and Jorgensen is introduced.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7After a disappointing shift, Son is also withdrawn; Perisic replaces him on the left wing.,0
Oliver SkippTottenham · Midfielder #4Spurs respond with their own series of substitutions. First, Skipp makes way for fellow midfielder Sarr.,0
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Finally, Schade replaces Wissa up front for the Bees.,0
Aaron HickeyBrentford · Defender #2Frank senses that his side are flagging now, with Spurs in the ascendancy. First, he introduces Roerslev in place of Hickey.,0
or aggressively bundling over Son midway through Brentford's half, Hickey is booked by the referee.,2
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Having sustained an apparent muscular injury, Jensen has to come off early in the second half. His compatriot Damsgaard will replace the Danish midfielder.,0
Asst: J. MaddisonSPURS EQUALISE! A spin from Maddison opens up space on the edge of the area and sends the ball into the path of an on-rushing Emerson. The full-back then lines up a low strike and thumps the ball into the bottom-left corner from 20 yards out! That pulls the away side level just before the break!,1
ollowing three team-mates into the referee's notebook, Skipp pulls back Jensen by the sleeve and is rightly penalised.,2
Asst: R. HenryTHE BEES LEAD! The hosts have turned it around! Henry surges to the left byline and then cuts a low ball back for Wissa in the box, and via a desperate deflection from Van de Ven the ball beats Vicario and nestles in the net! It's now 2-1 to Brentford!,1
fter another clumsy tackle, this time on Wissa, substitute Sanchez is shown a yellow card.,2
Penalty GoalBRENTFORD PULL LEVEL! Mirroring his team-mate Toney's penalty technique, Mbeumo steps up and skips into his spot-kick, placing it coolly into the bottom corner! Vicario went the wrong way, and it's now 1-1 at Brentford Community Stadium!,1
For dissent towards the referee, following the decision to award Brentford a penalty, Vicario is booked on his Premier League debut.,2
Cristian RomeroTottenham · Defender #17Ending an eventful start to his season, Romero is now withdrawn due to concussion, following his head injury earlier. Sanchez replaces him at centre-back, but the Argentina international is clearly not happy!,0
Asst: J. MaddisonSPURS LEAD! Having recovered from his earlier head injury, Romero sprints in to the six-yard box and steers home a header, which leaves Flekken well beaten! Maddison's whipped free-kick from the left set him up, and Tottenham lead 1-0!,1
enalty GoalBenzema kills the game off!!! The striker sends the keeper the wrong way and makes it 3-0 with a confident penalty past Pacheco.,1
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Vazquez comes on for Carvajal as the hosts look to hold out for the three points.,0
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Marcelo comes on for Mendy at left-back.,0
Mamadou LoumAlavés · Midfielder #6Loum comes off for Moya as the visitors are forced to chase the game.,0
Asst: K. BenzemaVinicius makes it 2-0!!! It's brilliant from Asensio and Benzema to link up and then pick out the Brazilian in the middle, who lashed it into the back of the net to double his side's advantage.,1
Asst: K. BenzemaThe hosts take the lead!!! It comes from a brilliant finish by Asensio, who cuts onto his left foot before unleashing a superb curled effort from outside the box that flies into the back of the net past the diving Pacheco to make it 1-0.,1
oum receives a yellow card for a challenge from behind on Vinicius as the Brazilian winger drove forwards.,2
Modric is the first player to go in the referee's book after a cynical challenge on Loum in midfield.,2
est is booked after he steps across Mollejo to try and stop his run.,2
Nemanja MaksimovićGetafe · Midfielder #20Getafe are trying to run the clock down now as they make another change. Arambarri is making way for Mollejo.,0
Cucho HernándezGetafe · Striker #23Getafe are making a change and it's Timor coming on for Hernandez.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20Final roll of the dice for Barcelona now and Puig is on in place of Roberto.,0
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #7Another double change of the game for Barcelona now and Griezmann is being taken off for Trincao.,0
Nyom caught Busquets with a late challenge and was shown a yellow card. ,2
Jaime MataGetafe · Striker #7Mata is coming off with the medical team and Unal is on to replace him.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Pedri is also coming off and he's replaced by Coutinho.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Midfielder #11Double substitution from Barcelona now and Dembele is the first to make way for Fati.,0
enalty GoalMATA SCORES! It's a confident run-up to the spot from Mata and he just stops before hitting the ball. Neto goes the wrong way and he slots the ball into the bottom-left corner of the net. 1-0 Getafe! ,1
abaco is late going into the challenge on Pedri and is shown a yellow card.,2
ata is booked after he catches Lenglet in the face when they both go for the ball.,2
Ique is shown the first yellow card of the game after he catches Hernandez in the face with his elbow during an aerial challenge.,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Final change for Madrid now as Benzema comes off the field and is replaced by Mariano.,0
Asst: MarceloBALE MAKES IT TWO! His first touch wasn't great, but he wasn't under any pressure from the Celta defence and he was able to set himself and hit his shot into the near post. It bounces off the inside of the woodwork before rolling into the back of the net. 2-0 Madrid!,1
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Zidane makes his second change of the game and brings on Valverde for Modric. ,0
Okay YokuşluCelta Vigo · Midfielder #5Final roll of the dice from Escriba as Yokuslu goes off to be replaced by Beltran. ,0
Sofiane BoufalCelta Vigo · Midfielder #19Escriba makes his second change of the game now as Hjulsager comes on to replace Boufal.,0
IscoReal Madrid · Midfielder #22Isco is taken off seconds after giving Madrid the lead and Ceballos comes on in his place.,0
Asst: K. BenzemaISCO GIVES MADRID THE LEAD! It was a quick counter-attack by Madrid and the Celta defenders just seemed to stop on the edge of the box and Isco gets into the space and sidefoots the ball past Blanco and into the back of the net. 1-0 Madrid!,1
Bale receives the first yellow card of the game after catching Vazquez in the face with his elbow. It was a bad challenge and it could easily have been a red card instead.,2
David JuncàCelta Vigo · Defender #17Junca has made his way of the field following that muscle strain and he's been replaced by Hoedt. ,0
The yellow cards are coming thick and fast now, as Mavropanos goes into the book for delaying the restart. West Ham are apparently hoping to see this game out for a point.,2
ouglas Luiz aggressively responds to being elbowed by Kudus and is also booked by the referee.,2
Another flashpoint arises, as the game becomes more testy in its final stages. Kudus tussles with Douglas Luiz, and is perhaps lucky just to be shown a yellow card.,2
Emerson PalmieriWest Ham · Defender #33Moyes also makes a straight swap at left-back, as Cresswell comes on for Emerson.,0
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #10Paqueta is now taken off, as Ward-Prowse jogs on.,0
Goalscorer Zaniolo is also shown a yellow card for his part in the confrontation with Alvarez.,2
Picking up his 10th booking of the Premier League season, Alvarez is penalised for becoming entangled with Zaniolo. He'll have to serve a two-match ban.,2
Asst: M. DiabyVILLA PULL LEVEL! Two substitutes combine! Diaby dances away from Alvarez on the right, then pulls back a low pass for Zaniolo, who times his surge perfectly. The Italy international thumps in an unstoppable finish from 10 yards out - and this time Areola can't save West Ham! It's 1-1: what a climax we have in prospect at the London Stadium!,1
udus cleverly drifts past Tielemans and then draws a foul from his opponent, who is then booked by the referee.,2
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Moyes now makes a move that seems designed to protect his team's slender lead: Antonio is replaced by Johnson.,0
Morgan RogersAston Villa · Midfielder #27The more direct Zaniolo is also introduced, as Rogers departs.,0
Àlex MorenoAston Villa · Defender #15With Villa still short of inspiration, Unai Emery opts for another double change: first, Moreno makes way for Digne at left-back.,0
Clément LengletAston Villa · Defender #17Cash is also introduced, as Lenglet makes way. Konsa should move inside to centre-back.,0
Jhon DuránAston Villa · Striker #24Unai Emery has reacted to his team's subdued showing by making a double change at half-time. First, the ineffective Duran is replaced by France international Diaby.,0
sst: V. CoufalWEST HAM LEAD! Meeting a brilliant whipped cross from the right by Coufal, Antonio bravely dives to head home the Irons' opener: 1-0! He finds the bottom-left corner, leaving Martinez with no chance, and the hosts' growing pressure pays off!,1
NOW IT IS 4-2! SOULE SEALS THE WIN! Soule has his first senior goal, converting a rebound into a gaping goal to secure the three points for the Bianconeri! Kostic does well to cross for the luckless Vlahovic, who sees a header turned onto the crossbar by Turk. Soule is in the right place at the right time, however, nodding into an unguarded net!,1
Mattia De SciglioJuventus · Midfielder #2Allegri turns to his bench again in order to eat up some valuable seconds. Gatti replaces De Sciglio at the back.,0
Gleison BremerJuventus · Defender #3This is a huge worry for Juve as Bremer limps from the field. Rugani is on in his place to see this 3-2 lead out, but with the second leg of the Bianconeri's Europa League last-16 tie coming up this week, Allegri will be concerned.,0
Tomás RincónSampdoria · Midfielder #8Malagrida is coming on for Samp, replacing Rincon in midfield.,0
Bram NuytinckSampdoria · Defender #17Nuytinck is replaced by 20-year-old Paoletti for Samp as we head into the final 15 minutes.,0
Tommaso AugelloSampdoria · Midfielder #3Sampdoria are also making a change, with Murru on for Augello, who scored the visitors' first goal before conceding the spot-kick which Vlahovic missed.,0
Filip ĐuričićSampdoria · Midfielder #7Jese is also on for Samp, with Djuricic going off.,0
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Juve are turning to their bench. Soule replaces Miretti, who has impressed in midfield.,0
Asst: N. FagioliGOAAAAAL! RABIOT GETS HIS SECOND, AND JUVE ARE 3-2 UP! The Sampdoria players are appealing for handball as Rabiot finds the net with a fine volley. The France midfielder started the move with a driving run before being picked out by Fagioli. He brought the ball down and lashed home on his left foot, but he may well have controlled it with his arm! VAR are having a look…,1
The home fans are fuming as Fagioli goes into the book for a challenge on Djuricic. The Juve man appeared to get the ball with that tackle, but the referee takes a different view!,2
Enzo BarrenecheaJuventus · Midfielder #45Juve are making a double substitution at the break. Barrenechea is off for Locatelli as they look to win back control in midfield.,0
Leonardo BonucciJuventus · Defender #19Cuadrado, meanwhile, is on for Bonucci, which could signal a change of shape.,0
incon slides in and fouls Danilo, and the Sampdoria man stays down, claiming to have been caught in the face. The referee shows him little sympathy and displays a yellow card.,2
sst: A. ZanoliGOOOOOOOOAAAAALLL! SAMPDORIA ARE LEVEL AT 2-2! Djuricic equalises! Sampdoria win possession almost directly from the kick-off and break through Zanoli. He scampers to the byline and cuts it back for Djuricic, who ghosts in to divert a side-footed finish into the bottom-left corner! What a comeback from the visitors, who have scored twice in as many minutes!,1
OAAAL! SAMP HALVE THE ARREARS! 2-1! Maybe we do have a contest in Turin as Augello finds the top-right corner. A rare Samp attack sees Gabbiadini's shot blocked, but the ball falls nicely for Augello to fire a finish beyond Perin out of nowhere!,1
Asst: F. MirettiGOAAAAL! JUVE GO 2-0 UP THROUGH RABIOT! Samp manage to clear the corner this time around, but their respite is short-lived as Miretti whips it back into the danger zone. Rabiot is lurking at the back post, and he meets it with a firm header to find the top-right corner. Two headed goals already for Juve, and Samp are in big trouble.,1
sst: F. KostićGOAL! BREMER HEADS JUVE INTO THE LEAD! Sampdoria are punished for their early misses as Juve take advantage of a set-piece! The Bianconeri win a corner on the left, which Kostic swings onto the head of Bremer. The defender outjumps Winks with ease to plant his header into the turf, and it skips up into the top-left corner! 1-0!,1
Asst: M. DemiralGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BOGA FIRES ATALANTA AHEAD!!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!!! Boga surely secures Atalanta's place in the last eight with a great solo run and strike. Demiral plays Boga into space in his own half before he races the length of the field, surging into the inside-left channel before drilling a strike past Hradecky at his near post. A super goal.,1
Diaby clips the ankles of Palomino after the defender does brilliantly to sweep the ball away from the forward in the Atalanta box. Diaby reacts to the decision to award the visitors a free-kick and is duly booked.,2
ndrich also goes into the book for dissent following the decision to award Atalanta a free-kick.,2
Charles AránguizLeverkusen · Midfielder #20Leverkusen make another attacking substitute as Alario enters the field to replace Aranguiz.,0
Luis MurielAtalanta · Striker #9Pessina also enters the action for the visitors to replace Muriel, who has ran tirelessly tonight.,0
Davide ZappacostaAtalanta · Midfielder #77Zappacosta is withdrawn by Gasperini after a strong outing and is replaced by Pezzella.,0
Ruslan MalinovskyiAtalanta · Midfielder #18Malinovskiy is withdrawn from the action for the visitors in the final third and is replaced by Boga.,0
Kerem DemirbayLeverkusen · Midfielder #10Seoane makes a surprising decision to withdraw Demirbay, who had been controlling the game and replaces him with Andrich.,0
Exequiel PalaciosLeverkusen · Midfielder #25Azmoun enters the action in the final third to provide an extra attacker for Leverkusen. He replaces Palacios.,0
Timothy Fosu-MensahLeverkusen · Midfielder #24Leverkusen turn to their bench for inspiration. Fosu-Mensah is withdrawn for Bellarabi to offer attacking impetus.,0
Fosu-Mensah catches Zappacosta with a lunge and goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Rafael TolóiAtalanta · Defender #2Toloi is forced off with a hamstring pull and is replaced at the back by Djimsiti.,0
Gallagher is booked in stoppage time for a challenge on Hojbjerg.,2
Robert SnodgrassWest Brom · Midfielder #23The visitors make their third and final change, with Snodgrass who has just been booked coming off and he has been replaced by Pereira.,0
Romaine SawyersWest Brom · Midfielder #19Another change by West Brom now, with Sawyers coming off and he has been replaced by Yokuslu.,0
Snodgrass is booked for a high foot on Davies after the two slide in for a challenge and the West Brom player leaves his foot up and catches his opponent.,2
Érik LamelaTottenham · Midfielder #11Another substitution now by Tottenham and it is Lamela who is coming off, to be replaced by Bergwijn.,0
Karlan GrantWest Brom · Midfielder #29West Brom have also made a change, with Grant the man heading off and he has been replaced by Phillips.,0
Serge AurierTottenham · Defender #24Here is the enforced Spurs substitution, with Aurier having to come off and it is a straight swap at right-back, with Doherty replacing him.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Lamela after his poor challenge on Gallagher.,2
sst: LucasGOAL! Son doubles his side's lead and makes it 2-0! Brilliant counter by Tottenham, with Kane laying it off to Moura who sprints into the West Brom half and opens them up, before passing to Son to his right and he then drills it into the back of the net.,1
Asst: P. HøjbjergGOAL! Kane finds the back of the net and fires Tottenham 1-0 ahead. The goal has been coming and it is a lovely move, carving open the West Brom defence, with Hojbjerg spotting Kane in space, who sneaks in behind and he fires it into the back of the net, with Johnstone unable to stop that one.,1
Mbabu is shown a yellow card after scything Davies down just outside the box. ,2
Hernandez earns himself a yellow card after sliding in on Weghorst from behind, near the centre circle. ,2
Maximilian PhilippWolfsburg · Midfielder #17Wolfsburg make their third change: Philipp is replaced in attack by Bialek.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Musiala is replaced by Coman after a brilliant, clinical display in attack for Bayern.,0
Victor SáWolfsburg · Midfielder #40Victor departs for Roussillon as Wolfsburg make their second change.  ,0
tavio is booked after scything Muller down on the right flank.   ,2
Ridle BakuWolfsburg · Midfielder #20Baku is replaced by Brekalo in attack for the hosts. ,0
Asst: P. OtávioPHILIPP! 2-3! Wolfsburg get themselves back into it as Philipp gets to Otavio's whipped cross ahead of Neuer, before steering a clever finish into the roof of the net from close range!   ,1
Asst: T. MüllerMUSIALA AGAIN! 3-1! Bayern immediately restore their two-goal advantage as Muller stands up an accurate cross from the right to the back post, where Musiala leaps to plant a commanding header across Casteels and into the far top corner!  ,1
sst: X. SchlagerWEGHORST! 2-1! Wolfsburg pull one back as Schlager wins possession deep inside the Bayern half, before feeding it through to Weghorst, who curls a precise, low shot into the far corner from 12 yards!  ,1
CHOUPO-MOTING! 2-0! Alaba gets to the byline and stands up a straightforward cross for Casteels to gather. However, the goalkeeper makes a terrible error and spills it, allowing Choupo-Moting to pounce and tap it into an empty net from close range!,1
Asst: A. DaviesMUSIALA! 1-0! Mbabu's firm challenge on Davies inside the box falls to Musiala, and the attacker wriggles past Lacroix before firing a low effort from eight yards towards the near post that squirms past Casteels and in!  ,1
Benteke is the first Palace player to be shown a yellow card after pulling back Wanyama.,2
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Striker #10Last change for Palace as Ayew comes on to replace Townsend.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Final change for Spurs now as Sterling comes on in place of Lucas. ,0
Max MeyerCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Hodgson makes his second change now as Meyer comes off to be replaced by Milivojevic. ,0
Connor WickhamCrystal Palace · Striker #21First change for Palace now as goal scorer Wickham goes off to be replaced by Benteke. ,0
Eric DierTottenham · Midfielder #15Like-for-like change for Spurs now as Wanyama comes on to replace Dier. ,0
anchez is the first player to go in the referee's book after a foul on Townsend.,2
Jan VertonghenTottenham · Defender #5It looks like there'll be a change in shape for Spurs as Lamela comes on to replace Vertonghen at the start of the second half.,0
Penalty GoalTOWNSEND SCORES THE PENALTY! It was a confident strike and he drove the ball down the centre and over Gazzaniga to find the back of the net and double Palace's lead. 2-0 to the Eagles!,1
PALACE ARE AHEAD AGAINST THE RUN OF PLAY! Schlupp had the initial shot from a tight angle on the right side of the six-yard box and Gazzaniga gets a hand to it, but he touches it in the direction of Wickham and he was in the right place at the right time to turn the ball into the empty net. 1-0 Palace! ,1
onaldo is booked after taking his shirt off during the goal celebration.,2
sst: J. LingardRONALDO SCORES! It's a great cross in from Fred on the left which Ronaldo cushions down for Lingard. He does brilliantly to touch it back towards Ronaldo, and he hits it from a very tight angle on the right of the box. Rulli gets a hand to it, but can't stop it from finding the top corner. 2-1 United! ,1
Pena clattered into the back of Matic after he played a pass and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Midfielder #11Greenwood is also being taken off, with Lingard on for him.,0
Alex TellesMan United · Defender #27Another double change for United here, and it looks like Telles was just struggling with an injury, so Fred is on to replace him.,0
Paul PogbaMan United · Midfielder #6Pogba is also coming off, which will see Ronaldo move out onto the left wing so Cavani can play through the middle.,0
Jadon SanchoMan United · Midfielder #25There's a double change for United here. Sancho is the first to go off, with Matic on in his place. ,0
Alberto MorenoVillarreal · Defender #18And Moreno is also being taken off, with Pena coming on for him.,0
Yeremy PinoVillarreal · Striker #21Pino is also going off, with Gomez on in his place.,0
Raúl AlbiolVillarreal · Defender #3Albiol has just gone down off the ball here, and it looks like his game is over because of a muscle injury. He goes straight off and is replaced by Mandi.,0
Telles slides in late on Pino and gets nowhere near the ball as he takes the forward out. He's shown a yellow card.,2
he yellow card is out again, this time for Albiol, who kept pulling back Ronaldo to stop the break.,2
Greenwood takes one for the team as he tugs Dia back to stop his run and his name is taken by the referee.,2
Pino just clips the back of Telles' heels as he closes the left-back down and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Manu TriguerosVillarreal · Midfielder #14Second change for Villarreal now, and it's Trigueros that's making way for Estupinan.,0
Asst: B. FernandesTELLES SCORES! Fernandes takes the free-kick on the edge of the box on the right and pulls it back for Telles, who is hovering just outside the area. He lets it drop and hits it sweetly on the volley, curling it through the crowd and into the bottom corner. 1-1! ,1
Greenwood is tripped by Trigueros and Villarreal aren't happy with the free-kick that's given. Moreno kicks the ball away and is booked for dissent.,2
Paco AlcácerVillarreal · Striker #9Villarreal are making the first change of the game here as the goal scorer, Alcacer, goes off for Dia.,0
sst: A. GroeneveldALCACER SCORES! Danjuma gets away from Dalot down the left again and the right-back can't intercept the pass into him. He pulls it back for Alcacer, who sticks out a leg to poke it past De Gea and into the back of the net. 1-0 Villarreal! ,1
sst: A. PavlovićHAT-TRICK! It's a poor pass out from the back by Sule, who was under absolutely no pressure, as he gifts it straight to Pavlovic. As the defender tries to make up for his error, the substitute slides it into Kane, who has a free run into the box, and he coolly slots in his third of the game to get the match ball. 4-0 Bayern!,1
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10And Sane is also taken off, with Muller replacing him.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Bayern are making a late double change here. Musiala is the first to go off, with Choupo-Moting on for him.,0
Adeyemi makes a surging run down the right and cuts inside to get a sight of goal. Laimer takes one for the team, clipping the substitute from behind and bringing down Kim in the process. He goes into the book.,2
Niclas FüllkrugDortmund · Striker #14Dortmund's final roll of the dice sees Fullkrug, who didn't manage a single shot, go off for Haller.,0
Dortmund's frustration is showing here as Sabitzer pushes Musiala over to prevent another counter. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Davies is trying to shield the ball out of play when he gets a knee to the bottom of his back from Ryerson. The right-back goes into the book.,2
sst: K. ComanKANE SCORES AGAIN! And this one will count! Coman is afforded a lot of space down the right once more, and he curls a lovely low cross into Kane's feet in the middle of the box. He has time to get it out of his feet before neatly slotting it into the far bottom corner. 3-0 Bayern!,1
Julian BrandtDortmund · Midfielder #19Another change for Dortmund as they look to keep the momentum in their favour. Brandt makes way, with Moukoko on in his place.,0
Hummels flies into a challenge on Kane, who was also sliding to reach the ball. The defender catches him with studs to the shin though, and gets a booking for it.,2
Dayot UpamecanoBayern · Defender #2The first goalscorer, Upamecano, who was a doubt coming into this game, is taken off here. Pavlovic is on for him.,0
Donyell MalenDortmund · Midfielder #21And Adeyemi is on in place of Malen.,0
Salih ÖzcanDortmund · Midfielder #6Dortmund are making two more changes as they try to capitalise on their momentum. Ozcan goes off for Nmecha.,0
Marius WolfDortmund · Defender #17Dortmund are making a change at the start of the second half. It's Wolf that goes off, with Sule replacing him.,0
Sane loses control of the ball when he gets a nudge, and then drags Reus back with a hand around his neck. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
sst: L. SanéKANE SCORES! Another Dortmund attack just fizzles out and Sane sets Goretzka on the counter after a clever flick. The midfielder drives forward before returning it to Sane, and he gets his head up before squaring it to Kane, who is left with a simple tap-in at the far post. 2-0 Bayern!,1
sst: L. SanéUPAMECANO SCORES! What a start for Bayern! Musiala wins a corner after some great work, and it's a stunning delivery from Sane. He whips it into the middle of the six-yard box and Upamecano has a free header as he thumps it past Kobel to give the visitors a dream start. 1-0 Bayern!,1
sst: E. GarcíaLEWANDOWSKI!!! 5-0! A second goal for the Pole! Eric Garcia claims a rare assist as he bursts out of defence to join in the attack. He then lays the ball off for Lewandowski, who takes a touch before neatly sweeping it into the far corner.,1
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22A goal and an assist represents a good day's work for Raphinha, who goes off to be replaced by Alarcon.,0
RodriAD Ceuta · Striker #9Rodri is given a breather as he goes off to be replaced by Casais.,0
Asst: RaphinhaKESSIE!!! 4-0 BARCA! Having already claimed two assists, the former Milan midfielder gets in on the act. He peels away from his marker to meet Raphinha's cross, and plant a firm header past Mejias.,1
Marcos AlonsoBarcelona · Defender #17Alonso also makes way with Christensen coming on in his place.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Midfielder #20More Barca changes. The first sees Sergi Roberto replaced by Busquets.,0
Asst: J. AlbaFATI!!! 3-0 BARCELONA! And surely game over! Receiving the ball from Alba in acres of space, Fati embarks on a strong run into the heart of the Ceuta defence, before neatly slotting into the far corner.,1
Robin LafargeAD Ceuta · Defender #22Another change by the hosts sees Danese replace Lafarge.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Striker #11Barca make a change of their own as Ferran makes way for Fati.,0
Adri CuevasAD Ceuta · Midfielder #17The other change sees Pablo Garcia on for Cuevas.,0
José Manuel López PlazaAD Ceuta · Midfielder #14Iglesias also comes on with Jota making way.,0
Aisar Ahmed AhmedAD Ceuta · Midfielder #7A triple-change for Ceuta. The first sees Redondo replace Aisar.,0
sst: F. KessiéLEWANDOWSKI!!! 2-0 BARCA! Breathing space for the LaLiga leaders! But what a nightmare for Ceuta, who are ruthlessly punished after trying to play out from the back. A loose pass is pounced on by Kessie, who puts the ball on a plate for Lewandowski to slot away.,1
Pablo TorreBarcelona · Midfielder #32Barca make a change at the break with Gavi replacing Torre.,0
Asst: F. KessiéRAPHINHA!!! 1-0 BARCELONA! Alfonso Murube is stunned into silence as Raphinha receives the ball from Kessie, before bending a brilliant 25-yard effort into the far corner.,1
Gonzalez prevents Kessie from potentially countering and receives the game's first yellow card.,2
RaphinhaLeeds United · Midfielder #18Raphina is replaced by Poveda as Leeds make their final substitution of the match. The Brazillian has put in a real shift on his return to the side and he gets a deserved rest.,0
Asst: J. HarrisonGOALLL! RODRIGO GETS HIS SECOND! Two goals in two minutes for the substitute who has proved to his manager that he made the right call by replacing Bamford. Harrison feeds Rodrigo yet again and the striker rounds the 'keeper before slotting the ball home to make it four. What a performance from Leeds today.,1
Asst: J. HarrisonGOALL! RODRIGO MAKES IT THREE! What a brilliant finish that is from the Spaniard. The substitute picks the ball up on the edge of the box and his first touch allows him to burst between Tarkowski and Mee before calmly lifting the ball over Peacock-Farrell into the net. That is a world class finish and surely game over now.,1
Mateusz KlichLeeds United · Midfielder #43Roberts replaces Klich in midfield as Bielsa makes his second change of the match with just 15 minutes to play.,0
Dwight McNeilBurnley · Midfielder #11Gudmundsson replaces McNeil as Burnley make their final change of the match. McNeil's performance hasn't been anywhere near good enough in this second half so it's no surprise to see him substituted.,0
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9Wood is replaced by Barnes as the first change for Burnley.,0
Matěj VydraBurnley · Striker #27Vydra is also replaced as Burnley make a double substitution with Rodriguez taking his place. Both strikers have been replaced now as Sean Dyche looks to shake things up in attack to find a goal and get back into this game.,0
Phillips picks up the first booking of the match after a late challenge on Cork in midfield. ,2
Asst: E. AlioskiGOALLL! HARRISON MAKES IT TWO! What a brilliant flick from Harrison! The winger is jogging back towards the edge of the box after thinking the chance from the corner is gone but Alioski's shot is heading wide and Harrison reacts quickly to flick the ball into the net giving Peacock-Farrell no chance from close range. 2-0 Leeds.,1
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Bamford is replaced by Rodrigo as Bielsa makes his first change of the match. Bamford has struggled against Mee and Tarkowski today and possibly feels Rodrigo can have a better impact with his pace and movement.,0
Asst: RaphinhaGOALLL! Klich opens the scoring! He picks the ball up just inside the Burnley half and cuts in on his right foot on the edge of the box before curling his shot into the bottom corner. No Burnley players closed him down and gave him all the space to take his time and bend the ball into the back of the net. 1-0 Leeds.,1
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Striker #10Goalscorer Buendia slowly walks off the pitch, and is replaced by Hause. ,0
ings clambers all over Richarlison and is booked as he gives away a silly free-kick on the left-hand edge of the area. ,2
Godfrey flies in with an ugly challenge on Luiz, and is rightly booked for it. ,2
verton have a free-kick from a good position on the left, and Allan is booked for dissent as the referee wouldn't allow it to be taken quickly. ,2
Ollie WatkinsAston Villa · Striker #11Ings is coming on to replace Watkins for Villa here. ,0
ash is booked as he hauls back Richarlison as the striker escaped down the left. Everton have a free-kick in a promising position. ,2
Philippe CoutinhoAston Villa · Striker #23Coutinho trots off to be replaced by Chukwuemeka. ,0
artinez is booked for time wasting as he takes an age over a goal-kick. ,2
Abdoulaye DoucouréEverton · Midfielder #16Doucoure limps off the field, and Onyango comes on in replacement. ,0
Ramsey is clattered by Mina as he dribbles menacingly into the area. It's a free-kick in a great position here, and Mina is shown a yellow card. ,2
Andros TownsendEverton · Midfielder #14Ferguson isn't happy with what he's seeing here, and makes another early change. Gordon is on for Townsend.,0
André GomesEverton · Midfielder #21Ferguson is making an early change here, as Allan comes on to replace Gomes. ,0
alvert-Lewin shoves an elbow towards the face of Konsa as they jump for a loose ball, and the Everton striker is put in the book. ,2
Asst: L. DigneGOOOAAALLL! 1-0 Villa! Digne whips in a corner towards the near post, and Buendia is unmarked as he rises up and flicks it into the far corner, past Pickford's outstretched hand. ,1
Gomes goes into the book as he trips up Ramsey, who had skipped past him on the left flank. ,2
sst: K. MbappePSG PULL LEVEL! Played through by Mbappe, Ramos finally sees his luck change in front of goal, bringing it back to 1-1 at Parc des Princes! The Portuguese striker stays cool to beat Ndiaye with a low shot into the bottom-left corner, and Clermont are left heartbroken! Can PSG now find a late winner?,1
Habib KeïtaClermont Foot · Midfielder #6Goalscorer Keita has finally run out of steam, so Bela will replace him.,0
or hauling back Cham on the halfway line, Ugarte is yellow-carded. That's the first booking for either side today.,2
Yohann MagninClermont Foot · Striker #7Clermont skipper Magnin is now withdrawn, and Jacquet comes on to replace him for the closing stages.,0
Randal Kolo MuaniPSG · Striker #23Kolo Muani also departs, as Kylian Mbappe comes on to make his 300th PSG appearance.,0
Senny MayuluPSG · Striker #41Finally, young Mayulu - denied a dream goal by the VAR earlier on - makes way for Kang-In Lee.,0
Milan ŠkriniarPSG · Defender #37With his team slipping towards a humbling defeat, Luis Enrique finally acts: the first change of a triple substitution sees Skriniar replaced by Marquinhos, who now ties with Jean-Marc Pilorget for most PSG appearances ever made (435).,0
Alan VirginiusClermont Foot · Striker #26A lonely shift up front comes to an end for Virginius, who set up this game's only goal. Nicholson replaces him.,0
Jim AllevinahClermont Foot · Midfielder #11A tearful Allevinah cannot continue due to injury, so Zeffane replaces him just before half-time.,0
sst: A. VirginiusCLERMONT STUN PARIS! They've done it again! Les Lanciers tend to raise their game against PSG! After some awful defending from the hosts, a brilliant pass on the turn by Virginius lands at the feet of Keita, whose deflected shot beats Tenas and nestles in the back of the net! Against all the odds, it's 1-0 to Clermont!,1
Nordi MukielePSG · Defender #26Hakimi's planned rest is cancelled, as he comes on for the injured Mukiele at right-back.,0
Asst: D. CeballosGOOOAAALLL!!! GIRONA 1-3 MADRID! Llorente restores the visitors' two-goal lead in the second leg with a brilliant finish into the bottom corner. The midfielder shifted the ball away from Luiz and worked the angle to fire the ball out of Iraizoz's reach from 20 yards.,1
Lozano is the latest player to be booked following a challenge on an unhappy Varane.,2
Asst: Á. PachónGOOOAAALLL!!! GIRONA 1-2 MADRID! Porro pulls one back for the home side with around 20 minutes to go. Pachon plays the ball across to his left and Porro keeps his cool when up against Navas, getting the ball out from under his feet to find the back of the net.,1
Paik Seung-hoGirona · Midfielder #35A third and final change for Girona, as youngster Pachon comes on for Paik.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #28Vinicius has linked well with Benzema in attack today and can be pleased with the shift he has put in. Bale, in need of some minutes to return to full fitness, will take over on the left-hand side of Madrid's attack.,0
arvajal is the second player to enter the referee's book, punished for a sloppy challenge on Granell.,2
Sergio RamosReal Madrid · Defender #4Madrid skipper Ramos, who was carrying a knock ahead of kick-off, is replaced by Nacho after getting more than an hour under his belt.,0
Cristhian StuaniGirona · Striker #7The home side also make a change, with Valery replacing top scorer Stuani.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Benzema, who has maintained his impressive form with another couple of goals today, makes way for Asensio with a little over half an hour to go.,0
tuani is cautioned for catching an opponent with a pretty poor challenge.,2
Marc MuniesaGirona · Defender #20Sacristan makes a change for the start of the second half, bringing on Juanpe for Muniesa.,0
sst: V. JúniorGOOOOAAALLL!!! GIRONA 0-2 MADRID! Benzema bags his second goal of the match to further dent Girona's hopes of an upset. Vinicius lays the ball off for the Frenchman, who curls it away from Iraizoz and in off the post from around 14 yards.,1
sst: D. CarvajalGOOOOOAAALLLLL!!! GIRONA 0-1 MADRID! Benzema surely kills off the tie with this thumping finish past Iraizoz. The Frenchman exchanges passes with Carvajal after darting in from the flank and picks his spot when given the time and space to do so.,1
Asst: R. LewandowskiMusiala makes it 3-0! Kimmich sets Lewandowski away down the left, before the Polish striker slides the ball across the face of goal. Musiala is there to meet it, and taps it into the back of the net to surely kill the game off.,1
Tanguy NianzouBayern · Defender #23Kouassi makes way for Stanisic at the break.,0
sst: J. KimmichThe goal is given! After another VAR check, Gnabry is ruled to be onside and the visitors do indeed lead 2-0.,1
Fabian KunzeArminia · Midfielder #16Kunze is unable to continue after Kouassi's foul on him, and Vasiliadis comes on in his place.,0
Kouassi goes in the book after a poor aerial challenge on Kunze.,2
Jacob BarrettArminia · Defender #5Laursen is forced off through that injury, and is replaced by Bello.,0
Kunze makes a very late sliding challenge on Kouassi, and receives the first yellow card of the game. He is lucky he didn't catch the centre-back properly there as his leg was very high, and could've caused Kouassi a serious injury.,2
purs are going to finish this game a man down though; Doherty crashes into Hernandez and picks up a second yellow, seeing him sent off for a second bookable offence. He'll be suspended too.,3
A hasty challenge from Kalvin Phillips now and his booking is more costly than usual; it is his fifth, earning him a one-match ban.,2
Harry KaneTottenham · Striker #10Harry Kane - who became a father this week - makes way for Tottenham's final change, with Carlos Vinicius on his place.,0
ojbjerg picks up a late booking here, as the minutes tick down. Tottenham will be pleased with this though; a winning start to 2021 is just what they need.,2
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Tottenham make their second change now, with Ndombele making way for Lucas Moura.,0
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Lloris gets a glance to this one and Ayling's return ball sails wide of the mark. Moussa Sissoko replaces Winks for the hosts.,0
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Midfielder #20Leeds make that final change quickly, with Pablo Hernandez replacing Rodrigo in the attacking midfield area.,0
oherty picks up a yellow for a reckless challenge on Ayling now, made all the more impressive by the fact that he got nowhere near the Leeds man.,2
Ezgjan AlioskiLeeds United · Defender #10Leeds throw on their second change now, with Jamie Shackleton replacing Alioski.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #22The visitors make their first change of the game and it's Ian Poveda - making his ninth appearance off the bench in the Premier League this term - who replaces a disappointed Harrison.,0
inks picks up a silly booking for kicking the ball away after a foul on Bamford.,2
sst: H. SonGOAL! TOBY ALDERWEIRELD BUNDLES IN TOTTENHAM'S THIRD! 3-0! It's a smart low header from the defender, tipping Son's corner in at the near-post despite Meslier's attempts to bat it out.,1
sst: H. KaneGOAL! SON HEUNG-MIN MAKES IT TWO FOR TOTTENHAM! 2-0! On the stroke of half-time, the Korea Republic star races into the box and strokes a low Kane cross in at the near-right post. Superb stuff for his 100th club goal!,1
Penalty GoalGOAL! HARRY KANE HANDS TOTTENHAM THE LEAD! 1-0! It's the England captain's 205th club goal and he simply drills it straight down the middle as Meslier goes left. Spurs lead against the run of play.,1
WalaceUdinese · Midfielder #11Martin Palumbo also replaces Walace for the visitors.,0
Juan MussoUdinese · Goalkeeper #1He is! It is a debut for Manuel Gasparini, who replaces Musso for the last few minutes here.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! ROBERTO PEREYRA CONVERTS THE PENALTY FOR UDINESE! 5-1! It is consolation, which only robs Inter of a clean sheet. This party is too far on to be ruined now.,1
OAL! ROMELU LUKAKU MAKES IT A FAB FIVE FOR INTER! 5-0! It's a bit of a freak finish for the Belgian, but it will certainly count; Alexis Sanchez lobs a cross towards the far post for him, only for it to bounce off the woodwork, onto his chest at close-range and in past Musso. The hosts are having a glorious time.,1
Rodrigo De PaulUdinese · Midfielder #10Is this the final time Rodrigo de Paul leaves the field for Udinese? He is off and Jean-Victor Makengo is on.,0
Andrea PinamontiInter · Striker #99With that, Pinamonti - one of the few attackers for Inter not to score today - makes way and Alexis Sanchez is on.,0
Asst: M. VecinoGOAL! IVAN PERISIC GETS IN ON THE ACT FOR INTER! 4-0! Talk about a showcase of talent for the hosts. They break, five against three, and it is the substitute who shapes a beautiful finish in at the far top corner past Musso. Superb stuff.,1
Marvin ZeegelaarUdinese · Midfielder #90Fernando Forestieri also replaces Marvin Zeegelaar for the visitors.,0
Stefano OkakaUdinese · Striker #7Now Udinese ring the changes too as Stefano Okaka makes way for Fernando Llorente.,0
Achraf HakimiInter · Midfielder #2After winning that penalty, Hakimi also leaves, with Ivan Perisic his replacement for the hosts.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10With that goal, Lautaro can leave on a high now - and Romelu Lukaku is on for an encore for Inter.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! LAUTARO MARTINEZ NETS THE SPOT-KICK FOR INTER! 3-0! Ain't no stopping them now! Cool as you like, the Argentine rolls it into the bottom-left corner, against Musso, his old friend. Superb stuff and now San Siro's handful of fans are truly coming alive.,1
Samir HandanovićInter · Goalkeeper #1There has been a change at the interval for Inter - and it is in goal. Daniele Padelli will get a run-out for the final 45 minutes or so of the season, with Samir Handanovic handed an early bath.,0
GOAL! CHRISTIAN ERIKSEN WITH THE FREE-KICK FINISH FOR INTER! 2-0! Oh, there have been so many stories about the Denmark star looking unsettled in Milan after his move from Tottenham - but he certainly hasn't been over the past few months. His free-kick is great, and takes a kind deflection to outsmart Musso, nestling in the centre of the net. The hosts double their lead.,1
Stefano SensiInter · Midfielder #12It's a blow for Sensi, given that he hopes to feature at Euro 2020. Christian Eriksen replaces him for Inter.,0
Martinez promptly returns the favour with a studs-up challenge and Becao goes down with a howl. That will be a yellow card for the Argentine.,2
Asst: L. MartínezGOAL! ASHLEY YOUNG OPENS THE SCORING FOR INTER! 1-0! In what could possibly be the former Manchester United man's final match, he snags his first of the season, playing a cute one-two with Martinez and smuggling home a close finish past Musso, complete with a somersault follow-up as he falls over the goalkeeper. The Nerazzurri have got the party started!,1
SAVIC IS OFF! It was an off-the-ball incident that escalated very quickly! Savic dispossessed Torres but then started grappling with the forward on the floor. He was holding him down, grabbing him around the neck and then he pushes Torres away before the referee shows him a straight red. Atletico are down to 10!,3
TORRES IS ALSO OFF! He started it all by rugby tackling Savic and preventing him from standing up. He was dragging the defender by the hair at one point and giving as much as he got. Barca down to 10 too!,3
Raphinha is down holding the back of his head but tells the referee he doesn't need treatment. When he's told to stop time-wasting, he walks away from the official and picks up a silly booking for dissent.,2
Molina is late getting across to Kessie, and he swipes the substitute's legs out from under him. His name goes into the referee's book.,2
Christensen's attempts to win the ball off Kondogbia end in vain as he clips the midfielder from behind to earn a booking.,2
Reinildo MandavaAtlético Madrid · Defender #23Simeone's final roll of the dice is to bring Reguilon on for Reinildo.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5The final changes for Barcelona see Roberto coming on in place of Busquets.,0
Correa's first touch gets away from him and he thinks he's kept it in play, but the linesman says otherwise. He slices the ball away in frustration, only to be booked for dissent.,2
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7And Joao Felix is also making way, with Correa on for him.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6And it's another double swap for Atletico. Koke's game is over as Lemar replaces him.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Both sides are making changes here, starting with Barcelona. Gavi goes off, with Raphinha on in his place.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21And Morata is also coming on in place of Carrasco.,0
Pablo BarriosAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #34Atletico are making a double change of their own now. Barrios is taken off and replaced by Kondogbia.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21And De Jong is also making way, with Kessie on for him.,0
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Striker #10Barcelona are making a double change as they try to regain some control in this game. Fati is the first to go off, with Torres replacing him.,0
raujo slides in and although he gets the ball first, he takes out Koke with the follow-through. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: GaviDEMBELE SCORES! It's been coming from Barcelona! It all starts with a wonderful weaving run by Pedri through midfield and he knocks it to Gavi on the edge of the box. He rolls Reinildo to tee up Dembele and he runs onto it, striking it first time and picking out the far bottom corner. Atletico are claiming there was a foul, but it's going to stand. 1-0 Barca!,1
Alba is booked for a foul on Aspas. He will also miss the trip to Getafe through suspension.,2
De Jong fouls Veiga and goes into the book. He will miss Barca's next game against Getafe.,2
Franco CerviCelta Vigo · Midfielder #11Celta make another change with Solari replacing Cervi.,0
Denis SuárezCelta Vigo · Midfielder #6Suarez is also withdrawn with Fontan entering the action.,0
Fran BeltránCelta Vigo · Midfielder #8Celta also make a couple of changes. The first sees Veiga replacing Beltran.,0
Dani AlvesBarcelona · Defender #8Alves goes off to be replaced by Mingueza.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangBarcelona · Striker #25Aubameyang is given a breather as he makes way to be replaced by De Jong.,0
Ronald AraújoBarcelona · Defender #4Lenglet quickly strips off to enter the action in Araujo's place.,0
Memphis DepayBarcelona · Midfielder #9Meanwhile, Depay is given a rest with Fati taking his place.,0
Thiago GalhardoCelta Vigo · Striker #7Celta turn to the bench and Galhardo makes way for Tapia.,0
RED CARD! Murillo is given his marching orders. Celta are down to 10 men as the substitute is sent off just 13 minutes after entering the action. Depay was about to advance into the penalty area before his intervention, and he was the last man.,3
Asst: T. GalhardoASPAS!!! 3-1! Hope for Celta! What a mix-up in the Barca defence. Ter Stegen misplaces his attempted pass to Araujo and Galhardo quickly finds Aspas, who slots into the bottom corner.,1
Asst: O. DembéléAUBAMEYANG!!! 3-0 BARCA! What a start to the second half by the hosts. Less than two minutes after the restart, Barca may well have just sealed the points. Dembele darts into the area and picks out Aubameyang, who sweeps home number three.,1
Kevin VázquezCelta Vigo · Defender #20There is also activity for Celta, who introduce Jeison Murillo in favour of Vazquez.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Midfielder #19Barca have made a change at the break with Torres making way for Riqui Puig.,0
AUBAMEYANG!!! 2-0 BARCA! Breathing space for the hosts! Depay turns provider on this occasion as his cross is not cleared properly by Araujo, and Aubameyang reacts quickly to fire into the far corner.,1
sst: O. DembéléDEPAY!!! 1-0 BARCELONA! The Netherlands international opens the scoring, but he owes a lot of credit to Dembele. The former Borussia Dortmund winger bursts into life with an electrifying change of pace down the right flank. He then has the presence of mind to square the ball for Depay, who sweeps a first-time shot past Dituro.,1
Asst: M. AlonsoGOOOAAALLL! PULISIC FIRES CHELSEA AHEAD! Mount releases Alonso down the left flank and the wing-back delivers a good low cross into the box, which Pulisic runs onto the end of and he fires the ball into the bottom right corner of the net. Chelsea lead 1-0 with just minutes remaining!,1
RED CARD! Dawson is sent off! The referee reviews the video footage and it shows that Dawson was the last man and has therefore denied Lukaku a clear goalscoring opportunity, so West Ham are down to 10 men.,3
lonso is the first player to be booked after an aerial clash with Soucek as the Chelsea man seems to lead with his arm.,2
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Striker #22The Hammers have now made their final change, with Benrahma coming off and on comes Lanzini.,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29The third change sees Havertz replaced by Lukaku.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Werner is another to depart and on comes Pulisic.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekChelsea · Midfielder #12Chelsea are going to make a triple change now, with the first seeing Loftus-Cheek replaced by Ziyech.,0
Andriy YarmolenkoWest Ham · Midfielder #7Another West Ham change now, with Yarmolenko heading off and he has been replaced by Bowen.,0
Mark NobleWest Ham · Midfielder #16Here is the West Ham substitution, with Noble the man coming off and he has been replaced by Rice, who also takes the captain's armband.,0
Harrison, either for his tackle on Almiron or the exchanges with Wilson that followed, gets booked by Taylor.,2
char, for his reaction to Rodrigo's theatrics and the subsequent commotion which followed, receives the third booking of the game.,2
Ryan FraserNewcastle · Midfielder #21Bruce sends on another forward in search of an equaliser. This time, Fraser is the man to come off for Gayle.,0
Jacob MurphyNewcastle · Midfielder #23After nearly equalising, Murphy is brought off for Saint-Maximin as Bruce looks to chase the game.,0
Asst: RaphinhaGOALL! 2-1 LEEDS! Raphinha coasts inside, chipping a pass over the top of Newcastle’s defence to Harrison towards the left of the area. Harrison takes one touch, before slicing across the ball and volleying into the far corner with the outside of his left boot. VAR has a quick check for offside but Lascelles is clearly playing the Leeds man onside and the goal stands.,1
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Bielsa makes his third and final change of the game as he brings off Bamford for Roberts.,0
Asst: C. WilsonGOALLL! 1-1! Shelvey fires into Wilson, who plays a short simple pass around Cooper. Almiron races onto the throughball and into the area, before slotting low to the right of Meslier, who gets a hand to the effort but cannot stop it from going into the back of the net.,1
Ezgjan AlioskiLeeds United · Defender #10After being cautioned just moments ago, Alioski is replaced by Klich. The change means Dallas will move from midfield to left-back, with Klich slotting in into his usual midfield position.,0
Murphy steals possession from Alioski and looks to be in before the away side's left-back handles the ball to stop Murphy's progression. For his illegal regaining of posssession, Alioski gets the first booking of the game from referee Taylor.,2
Asst: RodrigoGOALLLL! 1-0 LEEDS! Bamford leads the charge, attacking through the centre and feeding Rodrigo in the area. The Spaniard then cuts inside and rolls it to Raphinha, who opens his body up and places it low into the bottom-left corner with his left foot.,1
Diego LlorenteLeeds United · Defender #14Llorente is not fit enough to carry on and Struijk comes on in place of the Spaniard.,0
Goretzka is shown a yellow card for a frustrated challenge on Sven Bender in the penalty area following the Lewandowski miss.,2
ven Bender's ill-advised slide challenge on Lewandowski earns him a yellow card. ,2
ED CARD! Coutinho is played through the Bayer Leverkusen defensive line, which forces Tah to extend and bring the playmaker down just before he could enter the penalty area! It has stopped a clear goal-scoring opportunity, which means the defender must walk!,3
Javi MartínezBayern · Defender #8Bayern also make a change in midfield, with Thiago coming in for Martinez.,0
Charles AránguizLeverkusen · Midfielder #20Aranguiz picked up a knock and will not be able to finish the match. Amiri is his replacement.,0
Ivan PerišićBayern · Midfielder #14Coman’s pace will be an asset as legs grow tired. He’s on for Perisic.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Flick makes his first change of the match with 20 minutes remaining, sending Coutinho on in place of Muller.,0
WendellLeverkusen · Defender #18Bosz makes a second change in two minutes as Wendell is replaced at left-back by Sinkgraven.,0
Leon BaileyLeverkusen · Midfielder #9Confirmation of the enforced change as Bailey limps off, unable to shake off the earlier injury. Bellarabi is his replacement with 27 minutes left in the fixture.,0
An awful sliding challenge in midfield by Baumgartlinger on Alaba earns the Leverkusen player a yellow card.,2
sst: K. VollandLEVERKUSEN RETAKE THE LEAD! INSTANTANEOUS AGAIN! Tah clears a low cross from inside his penalty area, sending the ball straight up the field for Volland. He notices Bailey getting free from his marker on the left, and pushes it forward for the striker, who gets on the end of it and again beats Neuer with a thunderous hit!,1
Asst: L. GoretzkaA GOAL FOR BAYERN OUT OF NOWHERE! Bayer Leverkusen take the throw-in, but sloppiness on the ball and a bad pass from Lars Bender allow Bayern Munich to get it forward, where Muller turns a defender after an awkward bounce and lashes the ball past Hradecky from just outside the area!,1
sst: K. VollandDOWN AT THE OTHER END AT IT’S 1-0 LEVERKUSEN! Moments after Munich looked to be up 1-0, they are made to pay as Davies gives the ball up in midfield far too easily, which allows Volland to get in possession around the centre-circle. He slips a leading pass through for Bailey, who uses his pace to get on the end of it before firing it home!,1
Asst: J. GelhardtAnd James wraps it up! 3-1 Leeds. The hosts hit Burnley on the counter as they work it into Gelhardt. The young striker shows plenty of composure and curls a beautiful cross to James at the back post, allowing the attacker to plant a header through Hennessey and into the far corner!,1
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9Wood is replaced up top by Vydra following a frustrating day in front of goal.,0
Asst: M. KlichGOALL! DALLAS! 2-1. Leeds regain their advantage. The hosts quickly work a corner short allowing Klich to pick out Dallas on the edge of the box. Despite the Burnley defence charging out to block the strike, Dallas is able to steer a brilliant 20-yard effort through a crowd of bodies and into the far corner! Hennessey was left motionless! ,1
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Striker #22Harrison has been quiet in the second half and he makes way for James in attack.,0
Tyler RobertsLeeds United · Striker #11Roberts can't continue following an injury and he'll be replaced by Gelhardt.,0
GOALL! CORNET! 1-1. Burnley equalise. What an impact from Cornet! The Burnley attacker wins a dangerous free-kick, 25 yards from goal before stepping up to take it himself. Cornet promptly whips a stunning effort over the wall and into the top corner before Meslier can react!,1
Llorente is booked after hauling Cornet over, just as the attacker was turning him to get in behind the defence. ,2
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7As expected, Cornet comes on at half-time in place of Gudmundsson. With five goals in eight Premier League starts this season, he should give Burnley real hope. ,0
GOALL! HARRISON! 1-0. Leeds take the lead. Tarkowski passes it straight to Harrison and the Leeds man pounces. The attacker takes on Tarkowski inside the box, before lashing a fierce effort that Hennessey can only push straight back to him! Tarkowski can't get across to block it and Harrison calmly rolls the rebound in from five yards!,1
arkowski cynically pulls Firpo over to stop a counter and earns himself a yellow card.,2
Roberts is booked for a nasty challenge on Lowton. The Leeds attacker inadvertently stamped on Lowton's foot and was lucky that he didn't catch the defender higher on the leg.,2
Hateboer doesn't go unnoticed as he's also shown a yellow card for his foul that caused the scrum.,2
 bit of a shoving match breaks out after a Hateboer foul on Chiesa, with the Juventus winger not happy with the physical treatment. The referee looks to diffuse the situation and shows the Italy international a yellow card for his reaction.,2
Joakim MæhleAtalanta · Midfielder #3Maehle comes off with a goal to his name, to be replaced by Ruggeri.,0
ÉdersonAtalanta · Midfielder #13Ederson was booked earlier and will be protected, making way for Djimsiti.,0
Rasmus HøjlundAtalanta · Striker #17Hojlund's match comes to an end after 83 minutes. Muriel is tasked with leading the line for the rest of the game.,0
Nicolò FagioliJuventus · Midfielder #44Cuadrado gets 10 minutes to make his mark, with Fagioli making way.,0
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Allegri makes a straight swap at striker, with Kean replacing Milik.,0
Ángel Di MaríaJuventus · Midfielder #22Miretti comes on for Di Maria, who played a pivitol role in all of Juve's creative moves.,0
Jeremie BogaAtalanta · Midfielder #10Pasalic replaces Boga in the aftermath of Juventus' third goal.,0
sst: A. Di MaríaANOTHER TWIST IN THE TALE! 3-3! INCREDIBLE! Di Maria looks to step up and take the free-kick but he instead lays it off behind him for Danilo, with the Juventus captain striking a low first-time effort that gets past the wall and beats the outstretched hand of Musso!,1
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #17Chiesa is sent in for Kostic with just under 30 minutes remaining.,0
Asst: J. BogaLOOKMAN GIVES ATALANTA THE LEAD AGAIN! 3-2! What a match! Boga gets free on the left wing and moves Danilo to and fro before digging out a cross towards the penalty spot. Lookman rises highest to attack the delivery and puts his clinical header past Szczesny!,1
Ederson's cynical pull on Sandro's jersey is one challenge too many for the referee, who shows the Atalanta midfielder a yellow card.,2
sst: A. LookmanMAEHLE RESTORES PARITY AFTER 30 SECONDS! 2-2! A mistake at the back is punished by Atalanta, with Danilo’s sloppy pass into midfield cut out almost immediately by Scalvini. The centre-back finds Lookman with a square pass and the forward immediately pushes it through the lines for the run of Maehle. The wing-back puts the slightest of touches on his shot - just enough to feather it into the far corner!,1
Asst: N. FagioliJUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! Atalanta lose possession in their own half after Juve’s unsuccessful corner-kick, which gives the visitors numbers inside opposition territory. Fagioli is given time and space on the right wing and he picks out a lovely cross for Milik, who volleys home at the first time of asking!,1
Penalty GoalNO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 1-1! Di Maria steps up coolly and dispatches his penalty into the bottom corner, sending Musso the wrong way in the process! It’s all tied up at Allianz Stadium!,1
José Luis PalominoAtalanta · Defender #6Palomino goes down off the ball and immediately signals for a change, with the centre-back limping off the pitch shaking his head. Demiral readies himself and enters the game in his place as Atalanta are forced into a change after 15 minutes.,0
Asst: J. BogaLOOKMAN GIVES ATALANTA THE LEAD! 1-0! It's a perfect start for the visitors, with Boga allowed to get to the edge of Juve's 18-yard box under little pressure. The forward looks up and shifts the ball to his right for Lookman, who puts it on his right foot before taking an acute-angle shot that beats Szczesny at his near post!,1
O'Mahony is booked for a foul and it is a Burnley free-kick in the middle of the pitch which Muric comes up to take. He hits it only to his opposite number.,2
João PedroBrighton · Midfielder #9A very eventful night for Pedro is over. Debutant O'Mahony replaces him for the final few minutes.,0
Jacob Bruun LarsenBurnley · Midfielder #34Tresor is on for Bruun Larsen, who does not end up getting a third straight goal at home.,0
Simon AdingraBrighton · Midfielder #24In the final change of a triple substitution for Brighton, Lallana comes on for Adingra.,0
Jakub ModerBrighton · Midfielder #15Fati comes on as well for Moder.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Buonanotte is on as Welbeck's night is over.,0
OOOOOALLLL! Burnley lead 1-0 and it is Brownhill. And just when it seemed like nothing was happening, Burnley are ahead. A lucky goal but they won't care. Baleba tries a backpass to Verburggen but messes it up. The keeper comes out but his clearance attempt hits a charging Brownhill and finds the back of the net. Huge moment in the relegation battle.,1
Hjalmar EkdalBurnley · Defender #18Ekdal's night is over and Brownhill replaces him.,0
David Datro FofanaBurnley · Striker #23Rodríguez replaces Fofana, who was very good today but just seemed to be struggling a bit.,0
VitinhoBurnley · Defender #22Taylor comes in for Vitinho at left-back.,0
YELLOW CARD! First booking of the game for Cullen who takes down Gross by pulling his shirt.,2
Pervis EstupiñánBrighton · Defender #30He is off as expected. A 10th injury problem for the Brighton squad as Estupinan is replaced by Igor.,0
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Nuno is trying to run down the clock now as he makes his final change of the game and it's Jimenez coming off so Bennett can come on for the final seconds.,0
sst: R. JiménezWOLVES TAKE THE LEAD! Doherty plays the one-two with Jimenez on the edge of the box before taking the ball past two City defenders. Nobody can get close to him and he fires his shot under Bravo and into the back of the net to give his side the lead. 3-2 Wolves!,1
sst: AdamaWOLVES ARE LEVEL! It starts with Mendy trying to see the ball out of play when Traore pushes him off it. Jimenez is waiting in the middle to get on the end of his cross and taps it into the back of the net from close range. 2-2!,1
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Another change for Wolves now and it's Jota that's coming off. Neto is on in his place.,0
Jonny OttoWolves · Midfielder #19Wolves make their first change of the game now and it's Vinagre coming on to replace Jonny. ,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17That was De Bruyne's last involvement in the game as he's being taken off by Guardiola so Gundogan can come on. ,0
Otamendi picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Jota with a late challenge after missing the ball.,2
Asst: R. NevesWOLVES HAVE ONE BACK! City just can't get tight enough to Traore as he takes a touch on the edge of the box before drilling his effort low and into the far bottom corner where Bravo can't reach it. Wolves are back in the game. 2-1!,1
sst: K. De BruyneSTERLING HAS A SECOND! He times his run perfectly to stay onside and get on the end of De Bruyne's pass. He cuts inside from the left to get more space before chipping his effort over Patricio and into the back of the net. 2-0 City!,1
Riyad MahrezMan City · Midfielder #26Guardiola makes his second change at the start of the second half and it's a defensive one as Garcia replaces Mahrez.,0
OW HE'S SCORED! The rebound from the penalty is palmed straight into Sterling's path by the goalkeeper and this time, he finds the back of the empty net with a simple tap-in from close range. 1-0 City!,1
Sergio AgüeroMan City · Striker #10Aguero's first start after returning from injury is much shorter than expected as he is the player that's taken off by Guardiola so Bravo can come onto the pitch.,0
EDERSON IS SENT OFF! It's a long ball over the top from Coady to Jota and he gets away from Otamendi and is one-on-one with the goalkeeper. Ederson comes out of his box quickly to close him down but catches Jota without getting near the ball and the referee shows him a straight red card. City down to 10 men!,3
Daniil KulikovLokomotiv Moscow · Midfielder #69Another change for the hosts and Kulikov is replaced by Lisakovich.,0
sst: J. MartinezWHAT A GOAL JOSHUA KIMMICH!! Martinez feeds the midfielder who turns with his first touch before unleashing a volley into the bottom corner. Unstoppable. 2-1!,1
Vladislav IgnatyevLokomotiv Moscow · Midfielder #20It's a double change. Ignatjev makes way for Zhemaletdinov.,0
Fedor SmolovLokomotiv Moscow · Midfielder #9Smolov's game is over. Rybchinskiy comes on in his place.,0
Asst: Zé LuísGOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLL!! 1-1! Ze Luis is released down the right and he's onside this time. He drives forward before squaring it for Miranchuk who makes no mistake firing past Neuer at the near post.,1
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29That's Coman's last act of the game as he is replaced by Costa.,0
Vedran ĆorlukaLokomotiv Moscow · Defender #14Rajkovic is on at the break for the injured Corluka.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Gnabry is on for Muller as Flick makes a double-change at the break.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #18Martínez is on for the goalscorer Goretzka.,0
hivoglyadov picks up the first yellow card for a dangerous challenge on Hernandez.,2
Asst: B. PavardGOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! BAYERN LEAD 1-0! Tolissa feeds Pavard on the right whose first-time delivery on the volley is pinpoint. Goretzka is on the end of it to power the ball past Guilherme at the near post. 1-0!,1
ofana completely missed the ball as he slid into Di Maria and he took out the Argentine. He's shown a yellow card for the tackle.,2
Mathieu DebuchySt-Étienne · Defender #26Final change for St-Etienne now and it's Debuchy making way for Krasso.,0
Ryad BoudebouzSt-Étienne · Midfielder #7There's another change for St-Etienne as well as Nordin replaces Boudebouz.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Tuchel is making a change now as Verratti comes on to replace Paredes.,0
here's another booking for dissent now and this time it's for M'Vila.,2
Mahdi CamaraSt-Étienne · Midfielder #8There's a double change for St-Etienne at the start of the second half as Neyou replaces Camara.,0
Romain HamoumaSt-Étienne · Striker #21Khazri also comes on to replace Hamouma. ,0
hat was a very late challenge from Camara on Paredes and he's shown a yellow card.,2
he yellow card is out again and it's shown to Marquinhos who caught Kolodziejczak late.,2
Yvann MaçonSt-Étienne · Midfielder #27There's a change for St-Etienne as well as Macon makes way for Moukoudi.,0
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Mbappe has been receiving treatment since the challenge but he's not going to be able to carry on. He limps down the tunnel and is replaced by Sarabia. ,0
After checking the monitor, the referee has gone back over the Perrin and showed him a red card for the challenge on Mbappe. St-Etienne are down to 10 men!,3
erratti is booked for dissent after coming off the bench to talk to the referee.,2
Thilo KehrerPSG · Defender #4Kehrer goes straight down the tunnel after going off with the medical team and Dagba replaces him.,0
PSG LEAD! It's a mistake from Debuchy as he gives the ball away cheaply to Mbappe and he drives forward into the box. Moulin is equal to his shot but he parries it into Neymar's path. It's a powerful hit from him and it bounces off the bar before crossing the line. 1-0 PSG!,1
There's an early yellow card here for Macon after he catches Neymar with a late challenge.,2
Davide FaraoniVerona · Midfielder #5Verona make one final change, with Terracciano in for Faraoni.,0
Kevin LasagnaVerona · Striker #11Zaffaroni makes a change at the top-end of the pitch, with Ngonge sent on for Lasagna.,0
Fabio DepaoliVerona · Midfielder #29A straight swap at wing-back sees Doig make an appearance, with the booked Depaoli making way.,0
Federico CeccheriniVerona · Defender #17Zaffaroni changes things around at the back with Ceccherini replaced by Cabal.,0
Miguel VelosoVerona · Midfielder #4The captain sees his number go up with 24 minutes remaining in the contest. Verdi is sent on in his stead.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11A change at wing-back sees Kostic recalled to the bench for Kostic.,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Vlahovic comes on for the goal scorer, with Kean making way.,0
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Milik’s return to the pitch lasts an hour before he’s replaced by Di Maria.,0
Kean now enters the referee’s notebook with a yellow card after his off-balance stomp leaves Faraoni on the ground holding his foot in pain.,2
Bremer is forced back towards his own goal by Gaich, who leaps into a sliding challenge from behind the centre-back. It’s a yellow card for the Verona striker, the second booking of the game for the visitors.,2
Asst: M. LocatelliJUVENTUS FIND THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Miretti plays a beautiful pass around the corner for Locatelli, who picks his head up and threads the ball through for Kean. The striker takes a touch to set himself and blasts it in the bottom corner from 10 yards out, leaving Montipo no chance!,1
Enzo BarrenecheaJuventus · Midfielder #45Miretti comes on for Barrenechea in a half-time change for Juventus.,0
Depaoli’s reckless sliding challenge catches Locatelli and brings him down to the turf. It’s a yellow card for the Verona wing-back, the first booking of the game.,2
sst: P. SarabiaGOALLL!!! 4-0 PSG! The simplest of tap-ins for Mbappe’s second as he is squared the ball by Sarabia inside the area. Neymar had cut inside and found Sarabia at the back post before the latter set up Mbappe.,1
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12Rafinha, who has covered a lot of ground in this game, comes off for Fadiga.,0
sst: NeymarGOALLLL!!! 3-0 PSG! Mbappe slides the ball onto his left foot before driving through Allagbe’s legs inside the area. Initially, Neymar had raced away from Dijon’s defence before playing a simple pass for Mbappe.,1
Mama BaldéDijon · Striker #17Scheidler is also brought on by Jobard for Balde, who missed that glorious opportunity at 1-0.,0
Sacha BoeyDijon · Defender #2Boey slowly makes his way off the pitch as Chafik comes on in the full-back's place.,0
MarquinhosPSG · Midfielder #5Marquinhos hands Neymar the armband before he heads off to be replaced by Ruiz-Atil.,0
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18Kean, despite being on a hat-trick, is substituted off for Mbappe, who had been rested to manage his workload.,0
Pape Moussa KonateDijon · Striker #11Konate is Jobard's next change of the game as Celina rushes on in place of the attacker.,0
anzo is cautioned by Hamel for standing on the back of Rafinha's ankles.,2
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23Draxler, who has just started limping, struggles off the pitch and will be replaced in midfield by Herrera.,0
Wesley LautoaDijon · Midfielder #24Lautoa is the first change of the game as he is replaced by Cheikh.,0
Konate is booked for hacking down Neymar from behind and perhaps for the confrontation after the challenge.,2
Asst: NeymarGOALLL!! 2–0 PSG! Dijon have a corner but it is PSG who score the second goal of the game! Sarabia releases Neymar from deep in his own half, the Brazilian then rounds two defenders before setting up Kean to tap-in to an empty net.,1
Asst: M. BakkerGOALLLLL!!! 1-0 PSG! Kean grabs the opener at the front post after getting on the end of Bakker’s cross. The striker managed to get across the front of Panzo before producing the finish on the volley with his right foot.,1
Calhanoglu is shown a yellow card for a cynical foul on Grassi.,2
Dalbert Henrique Chagas EstevãoCagliari · Midfielder #29Pereiro is sent on for Dalbert with Cagliari looking to prevent the score from getting worse.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Sanchez comes on for Martinez just a minute after netting his second goal of the game.,0
Asst: R. GagliardiniINTER GO TWO GOALS AHEAD! 3-1! Gagliardini somewhat surprisingly leads Inter on a quick counter-attack, drawing three defenders towards him before slipping a selfless pass across the face of goal for Martinez. The striker meets the pass with a lovely scooped finish, sending it up and over a sprawling Cragno!,1
Răzvan MarinCagliari · Midfielder #8Baselli comes on for Marin with just over 10 minutes left in the contest.,0
Giorgio AltareCagliari · Defender #15Carboni replaces Altare in a straight swap at centre-back.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Correa comes in for Dzeko as Inter make a change in attack.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95D'Ambrosio is on for Bastoni as Inzaghi looks to shore up the defence with 20 minutes left.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36A change at wing-back for Inter sees Dumfries replace the booked Darmian.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Gagliardini comes on for Barella as the former Cagliari midfielder is hauled off.,0
Leonardo PavolettiCagliari · Striker #30Former Inter winger Keita is sent on for the uninvolved Pavoletti.,0
Marko RogCagliari · Midfielder #6Nandez comes on for Rog with just over 30 minutes left in the match.,0
Asst: M. RogOUT OF NOWHERE - CAGLIARI HALF THE DEFICIT! 2-1! This is turning into a bit of a mad match as Cagliari go up the other end of the pitch through Bellanova, who passes it to the left for Rog. Rog finds Lykogiannis and the full-back steps up to hammer home a shot from distance!,1
Asst: N. BarellaMARTINEZ DOUBLES INTER’S ADVANTAGE! 2-0! A long pass is launched over the top of the defence by Barella for the striker, who beats Altare for pace and power before slotting a finish into the far corner!,1
A two-footed sliding challenge from Darmian on Rog earns the Inter wing-back the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: I. PerišićINTER TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Perisic drives towards the byline and curls a lovely cross to the far post for Darmian, who rises high above Lykogiannis to head it back across Cragno and beat the goalkeeper!,1
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39Greenwood comes on to the field to replace McTominay. Solskjaer is setting his stall out to attack.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #10A final change for Chelsea as Ziyech is on for Pulisic.,0
Rashford gives the ball away and then slides in hard on Mount. The forward goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Kai HavertzChelsea · Midfielder #29Mount comes on to the field to replace Havertz in the final third.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Werner is withdrawn after an underwhelming game and is replaced by Abraham.,0
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21James makes way for Cavani, who makes his United bow.,0
Juan MataMan United · Midfielder #8Pobga replaces Mata for the home side in the middle of the park.,0
Havertz pulls back Fred on a run through the middle and goes into the book.,2
Shaw pulls back James on the charge down the right flank. He goes into the book, while Chelsea have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
sst: C. ImmobileGOAL! LAZIO 3-1 INTER! Pedro has surely secured the win for Lazio and put this game to bed! Immobile goes down under pressure in the box but manages to find the Spaniard wide left. The substitute jinks into the box, checks onto his right foot, and curls the ball wonderfully past Handanovic into the far top corner.,1
Felipe AndersonLazio · Striker #7That's Felipe Anderson's last act of the game. His first-half goal looks likely to prove crucial. Cancellieri trots on the pitch for Lazio.,0
Danilo CataldiLazio · Midfielder #32Cataldi heads off too. On comes Marcos Antonio, who'll slot into Lazio's midfield.,0
Brozovic is booked for dissent. His reaction to Felipe Anderson being given a free-kick wasn't the best.,2
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23The unfortunate Barella goes off too. Inter's Argentine forward Correa comes on.,0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Inter respond immediately to going behind again. Gagliardini off. Calhanoglu on.,0
Asst: PedroGOAL! LAZIO 2-1 INTER! What a goal by Luis Alberto! When Pedro collects a loose cross down the left, it looks like nothing's on for Lazio. The Spaniard lays off to his fellow substitute and compatriot Luis Alberto, who spanks one into the top right corner from distance. What a way to restore Lazio's lead!,1
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Dimarco goes off too and is replaced by Gosens. Inter now have fresh legs on both flanks.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries makes way next. Strange change, given how influential he's been. Darmian replaces him at right wing-back for Inter.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #90Inter switch up their frontline. Dzeko comes on for Lukaku.,0
Marusic is booked for arriving late on Gagliardini, sending the Inter man rolling across the turf. He can have no complaints.,2
Mattia ZaccagniLazio · Striker #20Zaccagni makes way first. His booking will limit his ability to handle Dumfries' attacking threat. Pedro comes on for Lazio.,0
Matías VecinoLazio · Midfielder #5Here's Lazio's second change. The quiet Vecino is replaced by Luis Alberto.,0
Zaccagni picks up the game's first yellow card for a poor challenge on Dumfries.,2
Asst: D. DumfriesGOAL! LAZIO 1-1 INTER! Lazio have switched off and been punished! Dimarco swings the free-kick in left-footed. The hosts win the first header but can't stop Dumfries winning the second. The Dutchman flicks the ball on to Martinez who's suddenly unmarked. The Argentine converts to draw Inter level!,1
sst: S. Milinković-SavićGOAL! LAZIO 1-0 INTER! Milinkovic-Savic floats an excellent high throughball into Inter's box. Felipe Anderson runs in behind Dimarco to nod past Handanovic who's caught in no man's land. It's first blood to Lazio!,1
Ahmedhodzic is booked for protesting the referee’s decision to award Chelsea a free-kick inside their own penalty area after a foul from Hamer on Caicedo.,2
sst: C. ArcherMCBURNIE LEVELS THE SCORE IN INJURY TIME! 2-2! INCREDIBLE! Chelsea fail to clear their lines following Bogle’s launched pass from inside his own half, with Arblaster’s cross headed on first by Hamer and then by Archer. McBurnie pops up behind the opposition defence in an onside position and manages to poke his finish past Petrovic from four yards out to restore parity!,1
Nicolas JacksonChelsea · Striker #15Casadei gets two minutes to impress, as he gives Jackson some early rest in stoppage time.,0
Marc CucurellaChelsea · Defender #3A change at the back for the Blues sees Cucurella come off for Badiashile.,0
Jack RobinsonSheffield United · Defender #19Robinson will not be able to continue after picking up that ankle injury, with Vinicius Souza filling the hole left by the captain.,0
Arblaster is shown a yellow card for a late sliding challenge that upends Gallagher.,2
Auston TrustySheffield United · Midfielder #5Archer returns after a spell away from the team due to injury, coming on for Trusty with the hosts still looking for the equaliser.,0
amer gets ahead of Cucurella in a race to the loose ball in midfield following a cleared Chelsea corner, but the left-back cynically kicks at the heels of his opponent to bring him down and end the counter-attack. It’s a yellow card for Cucurella, with less than five minutes to play.,2
Noni MaduekeChelsea · Midfielder #11Confirmation of the change as Madueke, who has the match-winning goal as things stand, is recalled to the bench in favour of Mudryk.,0
Mason HolgateSheffield United · Defender #30Searching for a way back into the game, Wilder makes an attacking substitution - sending a striker on for a defender as McAtee replaces Holgate.,0
Cole PalmerChelsea · Midfielder #20Palmer’s strike is his last involvement in the match, with Chukwuemeka sent into the fray instead with just over a quarter-hour to play.,0
Asst: C. PalmerCHELSEA RETAKE THE LEAD! Madueke cuts inside from the right in trademark style after receiving a pass from Palmer, before dispatching a venomous left-footed strike that gives the Sheffield United goalkeeper absolutely no chance!,1
Robinson’s reckless sliding tackle catches Palmer on the Achilles, which immediately produces a yellow card from the referee. Thankfully, the Chelsea winger is able to get right up, but there is a brief VAR check holding up play for a potential red.,2
Brereton Diaz mistimes a tackle on Chalobah after losing possession inside Chelsea’s penalty area, catching the centre-back from behind. With the referee in a good spot to view the incident, he doesn’t hesitate to pull out a yellow card.,2
Chalobah lunges into a sliding challenge and gets the ball, but lifts his leg too high, also making contact with Osborn. It’s a yellow card for the Chelsea centre-back - the first of the game.,2
Asst: G. HamerBOGLE BRINGS SHEFFIELD UNITED BACK! 1-1! It’s a lovely move from the hosts, with Hamer splitting the Chelsea defence with an incisive pass for Bogle. The wing-back thinks about playing a pass across the face of goal but he instead spots a gap at the near post and punishes Petrovic with an accurate strike!,1
sst: C. GallagherCHELSEA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Gallagher’s outswinging corner-kick somehow finds Silva completely unmarked on the penalty spot. The centre-back meets the delivery with a low, right-footed volley into the far corner that leaves Grbic rooted to the spot!,1
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! 5-2 LEICESTER!!!!! TIELEMANS HOLDS HIS COMPOSURE!!! The Belgian holds his nerve from 12 yards to dispatch his strike past Ederson. He sends the keeper the wrong way, firing low and hard into the bottom-right corner.,1
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9Iheanacho replaces the hat-trick hero Vardy for the visitors after an excellent shift.,0
sst: R. MahrezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AKE GETS ONE BACK FOR THE HOSTS!!!! 4-2!! Ake notches his first City goal as he rises to head home from a Mahrez corner. The Algerian puts his cross on the money and Ake rises to guide his attempt beyond the reach of Schmeichel into the bottom-right corner. It's probably too late for City now though.,1
Jonny EvansLeicester City · Defender #6Evans limps off for the visitors and is replaced by Fuchs.,0
Asst: N. MendyWHAT A GOAL!!!!! MADDISON SURELY WINS THE GAME FOR LEICESTER WITH A SUPER EFFORT!!!! 4-1!!! Leicester score their fourth of the afternoon and Maddison surely secures the three points at the Etihad Stadium curling a wonder strike past Ederson.Mendy  wins possession from Walker and feeds Maddison on the left flank and he runs at the City backline. He is afforded space and time and curls a peach of an effort over Ederson's outstretched hand into the top-right corner.,1
Dennis PraetLeicester City · Midfielder #26Maddison replaces the ailing Praet in the Leicester midfield.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Torres replaces Foden on the left flank for the home side.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! VARDY HAS A HAT-TRICK!!!! 3-1!!! Vardy and Leiceter enjoy a dream five minutes as he notches his second goal of the half and third in the contest. With his first spot-kick Vardy went to his left, but on this occasion he goes to his right. It's the same result as the forward rifles his effort home to put Leicester in complete command.,1
sst: T. CastagneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VARDY PUTS LEICESTER AHEAD!!!! 2-1!!!! The Foxes take the lead against the run of play as Vardy converts with a neat flick at the near post. Castagne makes a great run forward from the back to collect Tielemans' throughball. He cuts the ball back to the forward, who beats Ederson with a clever flick that travels through the City keeper and into the back of the net.,1
FernandinhoMan City · Midfielder #25Delap enters the action for his Premier League debut after making his bow in the EFL Cup during the week. He replaces Fernandinho for the home side.,0
Amartey drags down De Bruyne on a surge upfield and is booked by the referee.,2
oyuncu catches Rodri late on the ankle and goes into the book.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VARDY CONVERTS!!!! 1-1!!! Leicester are back in the game as Vardy slams home his his effort from 12 yards. Ederson goes the right way diving to his left, but the striker aims his effort high into the top corner away from the Brazilian. ,1
ielemans is caught out of position following the corner and has to pull back De Bruyne on the charge. He is booked for his foul.,2
WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MAHREZ SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 CITY!!!! Mahrez blasts a peach into the top-left corner against his former club. De Bruyne's corner in cleared to the right inside channel where Mahrez lies in wait. He takes his time to run up before smashing his right-footed effort crisply into the net giving Schmeichel no chance. A special goal from the Algerian.,1
Vidal catches Cuadrado with a stray arm and goes into the book.,2
Federico DimarcoInter · Defender #32Bastoni replaces Dimarco, who was brought on in the second half.,0
Asst: F. DimarcoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PERISIC CURLS A HOME SUPER STRIKE!!!!! 4-2 INTER!!!! Inter are surely on their way to lifting the Coppa Italia as Perisic notches his second of the game. The wing-back is afforded space and time on the edge of the box after collecting Dimarco's offload. He bends his effort away from Perin into the top-right corner to send the Inter fans into raptures.,1
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Dybala makes way for the Bianconeri in the final third for Kean.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PERISIC CONVERTS!!!!! 3-2 INTER!!!!! The Nerazzurri lead again in the Coppa Italia final as the veteran holds his nerve from 12 yards. Perisic fires his effort high into the top-left corner sending Perin the wrong way. A perfect penalty.,1
Locatelli brings down Correa with a poor challenge and goes into the book.,2
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez is withdrawn from the final third and is replaced by Sanchez.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Vidal enters the action for Calhanoglu, who scored the decisive equaliser from the spot for the Nerazzurri.,0
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Pellegrini replaces Sandro for the Bianconeri on the left flank.,0
Giorgio ChielliniJuventus · Defender #3Arthur replaces Chiellini for the Bianconeri to add an extra midfielder into the action.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CALHANOGLU LEVELS THE FINAL!!!!! 2-2!!!!!! The Nerazzurri are level in the contest as Calhanoglu holds his nerve to find the back of the net. Calhanoglu fires high and hard on his right foot into the top-right corner. Perin guesses the right way, but the ball sails high above him to allow Inter to equalise.,1
Denis ZakariaJuventus · Midfielder #28Locatelli replaces Zakaria in the middle of the park for the Bianconeri.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #20Bonucci is on for Bernardeschi as Allegri looks to shore up the Juve defence. It looks like a 3-5-2 system now.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Dumfries enters the action for Inter down the right flank for Darmian, who came close to a leveller.,0
Danilo D'AmbrosioInter · Defender #33D'Ambrosio is replaced in the backline by Dimarco. Inter switch to a conventional back three.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Dzeko has been off the pace tonight and is withdrawn for Correa in the final third.,0
Brozovic pulls back Dybala on a charge upfield and goes into the book. He boots the ball away in frustration and the Juve players want a second yellow, but the official is not convinced.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VLAHOVIC SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!!! JUVE LEAD 2-1!!!!! Juve complete an early comeback in the second half as Vlahovic scores at the second attempt. Dybala releases the forward in the final third after a quick break following an Inter corner. Vlahovic bursts into the box and sees his first strike blocked by the face of Handanovic. The rebound falls kindly for the forward and he dispatches his second effort into the net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MORATA GETS JUVE LEVEL!!!!!! 1-1!!!! The Bianconeri have their equaliser as Sandro's shot deflects off Morata before escaping the grasp of Handanovic to find the bottom-left corner. Juve open up the Inter defence and Vlahovic sees his strike at goal blocked by De Vrij. However, Sandro pounces on the rebound and fired towards the net on his left foot. It hits Morata and the deflection causes problems for Handanovic, who cannot prevent the ball from finding the net.,1
DaniloJuventus · Defender #6Allegri makes an attacking change as Danilo is replaced by Morata. Cuadrado will likely drop into right-back and Dybala to the right wing as Morata wil join Vlahovic in the final third.,0
Asst: M. BrozovićWHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BARELLA FIRES INTER IN FRONT WITH A STUNNER!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! It is first blood to the Nerazzurri in the final as Barella finds the top-right corner with a super effort. The midfielder cuts in from the left flank and is allowed space and time to fire at goal from the edge of the box. His effort travels through a crowd to unsight Perin and he can only watch as the ball soars into the net. A super effort from Barella.,1
Asst: N. PattersonGOOOALLLLL!!! 3-0 EVERTON!! Beto latches on to a throughball and closes down on the Newcastle goal. He bursts into the box and approaches Dubravka, before slotting the ball underneath him and into the back of the net. But wait... VAR are checking it, he could be offside. THE GOAL STANDS!,1
Lewis MileyNewcastle · Midfielder #67Ritchie enters the fray in place of young midfielder Miley.,0
Jamaal LascellesNewcastle · Defender #6Lascelles, who has been struggling with injuries throughout the game, comes off, with Krafth taking his place.,0
Asst: D. McNeilGOOOAAAAALLL!!!! 2-0 Everton!!! Trippier once again is caught in possession but this time by Harrison, and he drives towards the penalty area. He plays it across the box and McNeil gets a toe to it, but it falls straight into the path of Doucoure, who smashes it home! A huge goal for the Toffees!,1
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Calvert-Lewin's game is over, and he's replaced by Portuguese striker Beto, who is in search of his first Premier League goal.,0
alvert-Lewin makes a foul on Livramento and the referee awards him a yellow. It looks like the Everton striker could be about to come off anyway.,2
OOOAAAAALLL!!!! 1-0 EVERTON!!! It’s a huge error from Trippier! The Newcastle right-back stumbles on the ball and McNeil pinches it from the defender. He drives towards the penalty area and unleashes a shot from the edge of the box, and it flies into the top corner! Everton are out of the relegation zone, for now.,1
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23Coleman suffers an injury and his game is over. Patterson enters the fray in a straight swap.,0
Gueye finally goes into the book after making yet another foul, this time on Miley.,2
Wilfried GnontoLeeds United · Midfielder #29Meanwhile, Joseph is introduced in place of Gnonto.,0
Weston McKennieLeeds United · Midfielder #28Another double-change from Leeds. McKennie makes way for Greenwood in the first of them.,0
Marcel SabitzerMan United · Midfielder #15Lindelof is also introduced by Ten Hag with Sabitzer making way.,0
Diogo DalotMan United · Defender #20A double-change for the hosts. The first sees Malacia replace Dalot.,0
Sabitzer takes out Gnonto and has his name taken by the referee.,2
irpo takes one for the team as he drags back Rashford, who was threatening to race away on the counter.,2
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Harrison is also sacrificed with Aaronson taking his place.,0
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Leeds respond with a double-change. The first sees Rutter replace Bamford.,0
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #49Pellistri also enters the action with Garnacho making way.,0
Wout WeghorstMan United · Striker #27It's a double-change for the hosts. The first sees Sancho replace Weghorst.,0
McKennie prevents Fred from taking a quick free-kick and goes into the book.,2
Pascal StruijkLeeds United · Defender #21Shrewdly, Leeds take no chances and Struijk is replaced by Firpo.,0
Luis SinisterraLeeds United · Midfielder #23Sinisterra cannot continue in this game and he is replaced by Summerville.,0
Alireza JahanbakhshBrighton · Midfielder #16Jahanbakhsh makes way for Locadia for the visitors.,0
ann takes out March on a charge down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18McArthur is withdrawn for Benteke, which will prompt a change in formation.,0
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Striker #10Meyer replaces Townsend for the home side.,0
Anthony KnockaertBrighton · Midfielder #11Knockaert's goal is his last action of the match as he is replaced by March.,0
Asst: D. StephensGOALLLLLLLLL!!! KNOCKAERT SCORES A STUNNER!!! 2-1 BRIGHTON!!! The Frenchman produces a moment of magic out of nowhere to restore Brighton's lead. He collects in space on the right flank and cuts inside on his left foot. Van Aanholt does not get close enough to stop the strike and the Frenchman powers an effort towards the top corner. It strikes the inside of the post before nestling into the back of the net. A super strike from Knockaert.,1
Murray kicks the leg of Milivojevic, who has been in the wars today, to stop him moving forward in possession. The Brighton forward goes into the book.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLL!!! MILIVOJEVIC CONVERTS! PALACE 1-1!!! The home side are back in the game as their skipper makes no mistake from 12 yards. The wind blows the ball off the penalty spot in the build-up, although it calms before the Serbian dispatches his effort past Ryan into the top corner.,1
Montoya has to act to stop Zaha's surge on the counter, pulling the winger to the deck after he attempted to break past him.,2
Asst: L. DunkWHAT A GOAL!!! BRIGHTON 1-0!! MURRAY SCORES!! The Seagulls take the lead completely against the run of play as Murray scores a sublime goal. A simple ball over the top from Dunk puts Tomkins in trouble. He fails to clear the ball, allowing it to bounce into the path of the forward in the right inside channel. Murray takes on the strike first time and he places his effort beyond Guaita into the bottom-left corner. Precision from the Brighton forward.,1
Knockaert slides in on Milivojevic inside 15 seconds and goes into the book. The Frenchman could have easily seen red there.,2
Asst: M. ObafemiGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON! Che Adams puts this game to bed for good! Only seconds after Bournemouth thought they'd snatched something at the other end, it is Saints who double their lead and increase that negative goal difference for their hosts. They lead 2-0.,1
Danny IngsSouthampton · Striker #9Southampton eat up the clock with a late change, bringing on Michael Obafemi for Ings.,0
Ward-Prowse is slapped with a booking for a foul on Surridge and Bournemouth quickly whip the free-kick downfield, looking to push for a desperate equaliser.,2
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Dan Gosling is the latest fresh face for the hosts, replacing Billing in these dying minutes.,0
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8Bournemouth hit the side netting! It's Solanke with the finish, and it's perhaps as close as they've come all game, with a header smashed the wrong side of the left post. Sam Surridge replaces Lerma for the hosts.,0
Lewis Cook launches a rash challenge to cut off the latest Southampton move and gets booked for his troubles. We're fast approaching the final 10 minutes of regulation time in Bournemouth.,2
Oriol RomeuSouthampton · Midfielder #14Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg is the latest new face to the fray, replacing Romeu for Southampton.,0
Joshua KingBournemouth · Striker #7The Cherries make a fresh swap, with Lewis Cook on for King.,0
Shane LongSouthampton · Striker #7Southampton bring Long off and add Adams up front in his place.,0
It's nearly 2-0 to the visitors as Long curls an effort just around the right post. Seconds later, Billing nearly takes off his leg with a belated tackle and the Bournemouth man is flashed a yellow card for his efforts.,2
David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #20Bournemouth have made a change at the break too, with Harry Wilson coming on for Brooks.,0
sst: N. RedmondGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON! Danny Ings has just handed an absolute hammer-blow to Bournemouth's hopes of survival! It's a short pass to the striker on the left of the box, and he cuts back inside himself before leathering a low shot into the bottom-right corner. 1-0 to the visitors.,1
estergaard returns the favour to Wilson from earlier and sends the striker sprawling in the centre circle as he looks to break. The referee is less than impressed and flashes him with a yellow card for his effort.,2
or a tired lunge on Bellingham, Inaki Williams is booked by the referee; he's had a fruitless shift up front.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #7Vinicius will not break his duck against Athletic, as he is also withdrawn. Modric comes on for a brief cameo.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Ancelotti clearly considers the points safe, as he takes off his front two. First, Rodrygo is replaced by Joselu.,0
fter Berenguer capitalises on a mistake from Kroos and forces Tchouameni to make a last-gasp block, Alaba makes his displeasure clear to the referee - he thought Kroos was fouled. That dissent is enough to earn the Austrian defender a booking.,2
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #12Bringing Camavinga's midfield shift to an early end, Kroos comes on as a deluxe substitute for Madrid.,0
Iñigo LekueAthletic Club · Defender #15Athletic now make their fifth and final substitution, as Lekue is replaced by Imanol for the closing stages.,0
or felling Vinicius on the edge of the box with a cynical trip, Vivian goes into the referee's notebook.,2
Mikel VesgaAthletic Club · Midfielder #6Valverde decides a further personnel change is needed: Vesga comes off and Herrera is sent on.,0
Éder MilitãoReal Madrid · Defender #3Following an unfortunate injury caused by catching his studs in the pitch, Militao cannot continue; Rudiger replaces him at centre-back.,0
Unai GómezAthletic Club · Midfielder #30Finally, Gomez has not returned for the second half; Sancet replaces him.,0
Nico WilliamsAthletic Club · Midfielder #11Valverde has taken drastic action at half-time, making a triple substitution. First, Nico Williams makes way for Berenguer.,0
sst: D. AlabaBELLINGHAM BAGS MADRID'S SECOND! After Vinicius skips clear and forces a save from Simon, Ancelotti's men have a corner on the left. From the set-piece, delivered by Alaba, Bellingham strikes the ball down into the turf and it loops up and over a helpless Simon and into the net! Quick as a flash, it's 2-0 to the visitors!,1
Asst: D. CarvajalMADRID LEAD! Los Blancos start the scoring! Opening his team's account for the season, Rodrygo latches on to a pass from Carvajal, who worked hard to win the ball on the right, and shoots low past an exposed Simon! Perhaps the keeper could have done better there, but Madrid fans won't care: it's 1-0 to the visitors!,1
After a coming-together with Carvajal in midfield does not result in a free-kick, Muniain's vociferous complaints to the referee instead earn the Athletic skipper a yellow card.,2
Ferran TorresValencia · Midfielder #20Late change now by Valencia, with Torres replaced by Mangala.,0
Tadic is shown a yellow card for his part in the coming together with Gabriel.,2
ED CARD! Gabriel is shown a straight red card and is sent off! Tadic fouls Gabriel on the edge of the penalty area, the centre-back then goes down injured and Tadic pushes him in the back in frustration. Gabriel then reacts very angrily, pushing Tadic in his chest and then leaning in with his head and appearing to headbutt the striker.,3
Nicolás TagliaficoAjax · Defender #31Third and final Ajax substitution, with Tagliafico the man coming off and he has been replaced by De Jong.,0
Another yellow card now, with Vallejo now booked for his challenge on Mazraoui, getting nowhere near the ball.,2
an de Beek is now booked after he leaves a foot in on Gaya, after sliding in and trying to win the ball back.,2
There is a coming together between Parejo and Onana after the free-kick is awarded and the Valencia skipper is booked for his part.,2
Onana rushes off his line to argue the referee's decision and is booked for his protests.,2
Tagliafico is now booked for a late and rash challenge on Vallejo as he races through on goal. Luckily it's just outside the penalty area and only a free-kick is awarded.,2
omenech is booked for timewasting, after a couple of warnings by the referee earlier in the game.,2
Noa LangAjax · Midfielder #27Ajax make another change, with Lang coming off and he has been replaced by Huntelaar.,0
Kevin GameiroValencia · Striker #9Valencia make their first substitution of the game, with Gameiro coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Vallejo.,0
Edson ÁlvarezAjax · Midfielder #4Ajax have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Alvarez replaced by Dest.,0
Asst: F. TorresGOOOAAALLL! Valencia take the lead, it's 1-0! Rodrigo smashes the ball into the back of the net from close range, beating Onana at his near post. Torres fakes to shoot, passes to Rodrigo instead, who is well onside as Veltman is slow to get out.,1
arly yellow card here for Alvarez, he dives into the tackle with Soler and just misses the ball as the winger quickly breaks into the Ajax half of the pitch.,2
There will be four added minutes now, with Ndidi booked for a clumsy challenge.,2
Marc AlbrightonLeicester City · Midfielder #11Leicester make their first change now, with Albrighton replaced by Ayoze Perez.,0
Asst: E. CavaniGOAL! BRUNO FERNANDES RESTORES MANCHESTER UNITED'S LEAD! 2-1! Edinson Cavani makes that instant impact, drifting a neat throughball into the box for the Portuguese to snap up and drill into the far bottom corner. The Red Devils are back on top!,1
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9Now Edinson Cavani arrives, as the third of Manchester United's changes, with Martial the man who indeed makes way.,0
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2Trouble for United now as Lindelof pulls up with a back problem. Axel Tuanzebe is promptly thrown on to replace him, which suggests this is a niggle the defender has been playing with all game.,0
Maddison plays the set-piece short and Rashford immediately batters it away. Fernandes is straight down the middle on the counter and the Foxes' number 10 picks up a booking for trimming him down in his stride.,2
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21Before the corner will be taken, United ring their first change of the day, with Paul Pogba on in place of James.,0
Fernandes gets booked for a foolish shove on Evans as he attempts to prevent a quick free-kick from Leicester.,2
Asst: J. MaddisonGOAL! HARVEY BARNES WITH A CORKER FOR LEICESTER CITY! 1-1! Fernandes gets caught in midfield and the Foxes man comes up with possession. He makes two steps in and smashes a corker in at the left post from outside the box. Superb stuff to equalise.,1
Asst: B. FernandesGOAL! MARCUS RASHFORD PUTS MANCHESTER UNITED AHEAD! 1-0! For all that Leicester possession, it is the visitors who strike first. From a throw-in, James squares a ball in, Fernandes gets the slightest touch to tee the England man up and he slots home past Schmeichel.,1
Anthony LosillaVfL Bochum · Midfielder #8Noah Loosli is also on late for the hosts, replacing the industrious Losilla in midfield.,0
Takuma AsanoVfL Bochum · Striker #11Asano comes off late having picked up a knock a few minutes ago, and he's replaced by Philipp Forster with Bochum looking to see the game out.,0
sst: M. TelGOOOOAAALLL!! Bayern pull one back at the death!!! It's Tel's turn to dribble into the area and the forward does so, taking on the defence before shooting, having a shot blocked, and teeing up Kane from the rebound!! The Englishman taps into an empty net, narrowing the scoreline to 3-2 with just minutes left on the clock!,1
Raphaël GuerreiroBayern · Defender #22Guerreiro is also hauled off late by Thomas Tuchel, and January signing Eric Dier is on to see the game out.,0
Christopher Antwi-AdjeiVfL Bochum · Striker #22The hosts make a late change of their own, with long-throw specialist Antwi-Adjei replaced by Moritz-Broni Kwarteng for the remainder of this contest.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25A double-change coming for Bayern who stand on the brink of two straight defeats, as young forward Mathys Tel enters the fray in place of Muller for the final stages.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! That might well seal a famous victory for Bochum!!! Stoger steps up from 12 yards with a short run-up, and despite Neuer getting a hand to his low effort, it's not enough to keep the ball out as it nestles in the bottom-right corner!!! 3-1 to the home side with Bayern left reeling, and this is shaping up to be an historic match at the Ruhrstadion!,1
ED CARD!!! Things go from bad to worse for Bayern!! Upamecano is shown a second yellow card following that foul on Schlotterbeck, leaving the Bavarians down to 10 men as they chase what could soon be a two-goal deficit!,3
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Recent loan signing Bryan Zaragoza also enters the fray for his debut, replacing Kimmich in Bayern's midfield alongside Goretzka.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Midfielder #13Bayern make their first changes of the second half, with Leroy Sane replacing Choupo-Moting in the visitors' front four as they continue to chase a way back into this game.,0
ochum look to counter as Antwi-Adjei flicks a forward ball into the path of Broschinski. The striker nudges it past Kim but is tripped and taken over the sideline, in a challenge that results in a free-kick and yellow card for the Bayern Munich defender.,2
oretzka shoves an off-balance Bernardo over the touchline and kicks the ball away to prevent the quick throw, and the combination of those two successive fouls results in a yellow card for the Bayern midfielder.,2
Tim OermannVfL Bochum · Defender #14Bochum make a half-time alteration at right-back, with Oermann replaced by Cristian Gamboa for the second period.,0
usiala skips past two before cutting inside to pass from the edge of the box. Losilla's long committed to a sliding challenge though, and clips the Bayern goalscorer very late indeed to earn himself a yellow card!,2
ernardo follows Muller into midfield and drags him down from behind, before being met with a textbook yellow card by the referee.,2
Asst: K. StögerGOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Bochum go back-to-back!!! Stoger's corner is met flush by Schlotterbeck on the front post, whose glancing header deceives Neuer and flies straight into the back of the net!! A late first-half turnaround from the hosts, who lead 2-1 heading into injury time!,1
pamecano loses out to Antwi-Adjei on the far touchline and shunts the Ghanaian into touch well after he's released the ball, being shown a yellow card for that needless challenge that leaves Bayern on the back foot once more.,2
Asst: A. LosillaGOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! Bochum draw level on the scoreboard!! They win possession on halfway and Asano quickly moves the ball into Losilla's path. The Japan forward continues his run and collects the return ball in the box, taking one touch before smashing a well-struck shot into the bottom-left corner!! The hosts use that long break to their advantage, and it's 1-1 with some lengthy half-time injury time looming!,1
Noussair MazraouiBayern · Defender #40Bayern use the stoppage in play to make a rare first-half substitution, with Mazraoui coming off having picked up a knock to be replaced by Dayot Upamecano.,0
Asst: L. GoretzkaGOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Bayern strike early in Bochum!!! The hosts repel another corner, but Bayern recycle possession quickly and it comes to Musiala on the right. He dribbles inside and has an initial shot blocked, but Goretzka picks up the pieces, finds the playmaker once more, and Musiala only needs one touch before rifling the ball into the roof of the net!!! 1-0 to the visitors, and that's exactly the response Die Roten needed after last week's loss at Leverkusen!,1
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Minamino replaces Mane for the closing stages of the game.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Milner replaces Thiago in the middle of the park.,0
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Striker #41Ramsey makes way for the visitors as Ings enters the final third against his former club. Gerrard needs a goal from the forward.,0
Ashley YoungAston Villa · Striker #18Buendia replaces Young in the final third for the visitors.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL!!!!!! SALAH FIRES HOME THE SPOT-KICK!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The Reds finally get their reward as Salah hammers home with his left foot. The forward fires low and hard towards the bottom-right corner, and although Martinez guesses the correct way, the power of the strike beats the Argentinian.,1
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Striker #15Jota replaces Oxlade-Chamberlain in the final third for the home side.,0
Marvelous NakambaAston Villa · Midfielder #19Sanson enters the game to replace Nakamba, who covered a lot of ground for the visitors.,0
Watkins slides in hard on Fabinho, catching the Brazilian from behind. The England man goes into the book.,2
Nakamba goes into the book for his challenge on Henderson. He has to be careful now.,2
an Dijk brings down Watkins with a clumsy challenge down the left flank on the edge of the box. He goes into the book and hands Villa a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Dowell is late with his challenge on Tsimikas and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Divock OrigiLiverpool · Striker #27Origi is also making way, with Mane on in his place.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Liverpool are making a double change and it's Jota that's first to go off, with Diaz on for him.,0
Lukas RuppNorwich City · Midfielder #7That goal was Rupp's last kick of the game as he's taken off and replaced by McLean.,0
sst: J. SargentRUPP PULLS ONE BACK! Liverpool are cut open after Sargent's run, and he lays it off to Rupp. He takes it to the edge of the box, and Gomez commits himself in an attempt to block it. Rupp fires it straight down the middle and Alisson can't get to it. 2-1!,1
Teemu PukkiNorwich City · Striker #22And Dowell is also being brought on for Pukki.,0
Mathias NormannNorwich City · Midfielder #16Normann also makes way, with Gilmour on in his place.,0
Milot RashicaNorwich City · Striker #17Norwich are making a triple chance here as they try to get back into the game. Rashica is the first to go off, with Rowe on for him.,0
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Henderson, the only player to retain his place from the game last Sunday, is taken off for Liverpool and replaced by Morton.,0
Sargent tangles with Tsimikas as he tries to stop his run and clumsily brings him down which results in a booking for the American.,2
Henderson trips Normann to stop him from breaking through the middle and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Przemysław PłachetaNorwich City · Striker #11And Placheta, who took a tumble over the advertising boards on the half-time whistle, also makes way, with Sargent on for him.,0
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Both sides are making a change at the break, starting with Liverpool. Jones is taken off, with Elliott on to replace him.,0
WHAT A GOAL! Everyone is crowded on the edge of the six-yard box for the corner, apart from Minamino. Gibson's glancing header falls straight to him, and he lets it bounce before rifling it over Krul and into the far top corner of the net. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
Jota tracks back to trip Rashica, who is breaking through the middle for Norwich, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: D. OrigiMINAMINO SCORES! It's a good cross into the box from Tsimikas to pick out Origi, but he has his back to goal, so he knocks it onto Minamino. He takes a touch to open up a yard of space at the far post before lifting it over Krul, who was rushing off his line, and into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
he referee originally played the advantage to Liverpool, but takes it back to book Byram for a late challenge earlier in the move.,2
Olaza is also booked for Celta, in that coming together at the end of the game.,2
The referee is forced to hand out yellow cards after the full-time whistle, after a coming together between Costa and Olaza.,2
Cheikh is booked after he deliberately pulls Morata down as the striker looks to break free in the Celta final third.,2
Iago AspasCelta Vigo · Striker #10There will be no goals from Aspas today, as he is replaced by Sisto late on.,0
aul is the latest player to be booked after he loses the ball on the edge of the Celta penalty area and then catches Cheikh late, as he tries to win it back.,2
Blanco is booked for timewasting, after he takes his time taking a goal-kick.,2
oke is shown a yellow card for his late challenge on Aspas midway into the Atletico half of the pitch.,2
Denis SuárezCelta Vigo · Striker #6Another change for the visitors, with Suarez replaced by Mendez.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #7Third and final Atletico substitution, with Joao Felix making his way off the field and he has been replaced by Morata.,0
Okay YokuşluCelta Vigo · Midfielder #5Celta make their first substitution now, with Yokuslu coming off and he has been replaced by Cheikh.,0
Aspas has been booked after having words with the referee following a challenge on Aidoo by Costa. The striker feels that the Atletico man left his elbow there.,2
Héctor HerreraAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16The other change sees Herrera come off and his replacement is Thomas.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Atletico have made a double substitution on the hour mark, with Correa coming off and he has been replaced by Vitolo.,0
Aidoo is shown the first yellow card of the game, after his challenge on Costa, just as the striker was about to break into the box.,2
Perry NgCardiff City · Midfielder #38Late Cardiff change now, with Ng heading off and he has been replaced by Semenyo.,0
Asst: I. DaviesGOOOAAALLL! CARDIFF PULL ONE BACK, IT’S 3-1! Colwill with a superb goal to score for the visitors! Colwill wins the ball back initially on the halfway line, before racing forward alongside Davies and he receives the ball back from his team-mate on the edge of the penalty area. Colwill then coolly drills it into the back of the net, out of the reach of Kelleher.,1
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Another Liverpool change now, with Henderson coming off and he has been replaced in midfield by Thiago.,0
Asst: A. RobertsonGOOOAAALLL! ELLIOT MAKES IT 3-0! A wonderful goal by Elliot on his return from injury! Robertson delivers a good cross into the box from the left and Elliot controls it, before volleying the ball into the bottom right corner of the net. A superb finish and what a return for the midfielder!,1
Konstantinos TsimikasLiverpool · Defender #21The other Liverpool change sees Tsimikas replaced by Robertson, a straight swap at left-back for the hosts.,0
Takumi MinaminoLiverpool · Striker #18Klopp also makes another two changes to his Liverpool side, with Minamino departing and Milner heads on.,0
Will VaulksCardiff City · Midfielder #6Vaulks has also come off as he's already on a booking, so Doyle replaces him.,0
Eli KingCardiff City · Midfielder #32Another double change by Cardiff now, with King the man coming off and he has been replaced by Colwill.,0
Asst: D. JotaGOOOAAALLL! LIVERPOOL DOUBLE THEIR LEAD, IT’S 2-0! Cardiff have an absolute shocker at the back and hand Liverpool a goal on a plate! Diaz nicks the ball on the byline in the penalty area and pulls it back to Jota, who hardly makes any contact on the ball, so it ends it falling to Minamino, who smashes it into the back of the net.,1
Mark HarrisCardiff City · Striker #29Harris also heads off and Davies comes onto the pitch for the visitors.,0
James CollinsCardiff City · Striker #19Cardiff have also made a double substitution, with Collins the first coming off and he has been replaced by Hugill.,0
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17The other change sees Diaz make his debut for Liverpool, following his January move from Porto. He replaces Jones.,0
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Here is the first Liverpool change with Keita the man coming off and Elliott comes on, making his long awaited return following a serious injury earlier this season.,0
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOOOAAALLL! LIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD, IT’S 1-0! Alexander-Arnold whips a superb free-kick delivery into the penalty area from the right wing and it’s met by the head of Jota in the box, who glances the ball into the far corner of the net. Wonderful finish by Jota to fire Liverpool ahead.,1
aulks is the first Cardiff man to be booked after he pulls the shirt of Minamino and deliberately brings him down.,2
Just a yellow card for Kelleher! The referee has just booked the keeper for his challenge on Harris, but VAR are going to take a look at this and it could be upgraded to a red.,2
Penalty GoalVERONA LEAD! It's a great penalty by Pazzini as he curls his shot above Szczesny, who went the right way, and into the right side netting to put his side ahead. 2-1 Verona! ,1
Bonucci is shown a yellow card for the handball that gave away the penalty.,2
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Sarri's final change is a defensive one as he brings on De Sciglio in place of Bentancur.,0
Darko LazovićVerona · Midfielder #88Final change for Verona now and Dimarco is coming on to replace Lazovic.,0
VERONA EQUALISE! Pjanic tries to poke the ball away from Borini but ends up playing it right into his path. He gets one-on-one with Szczesny and curls his shot around the goalkeeper and into the bottom-right corner. 1-1!,1
It's a clumsy challenge from Dybala as he brings down Borini and he picks up a yellow card.,2
Douglas CostaJuventus · Striker #11Costa has gone down injured on the edge of the box and he instantly signals that he can't carry on. He comes off with the medical team and Ramsey is on to replace him.,0
Mattia ZaccagniVerona · Striker #20Second change for Verona and Zaccagni is making way for Pazzini.,0
sst: R. BentancurJUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! Ronaldo starts the move in his own half by playing the one-two with Bentancur as he makes a driving run forward that Rrahmani can't keep up with. He keeps his cool on the edge of the box and hits his shot into the bottom-left corner. 1-0 Juventus!,1
Gonzalo HiguaínJuventus · Striker #21Sarri makes his first change now as well and it's Dybala that's coming on for Higuain.,0
Miguel VelosoVerona · Midfielder #4Jovic makes the first change of the game as he brings on Verre for Veloso.,0
Pessina is booked after catching De Ligt with a late challenge.,2
It was a poor challenge by Lazovic on Cuadrado and he has his name taken by the referee.,2
Alex Sandro picks up the first yellow card of the game after sliding in and catching Faraoni with a late tackle.,2
Serrano is booked late in the match for a cynical challenge on Barja.,2
Asst: KokeCORREA ADDS A THIRD! The substitute adds insult to injury after latching onto Koke's prodded pass in midfield and volleying an effort past Sergio Herrera with the inside of his foot! 3-0!,1
Ignacio Vidal MirallesOsasuna · Defender #2Martinez comes on for Osasuna, who remain behind by two goals. Vidal is chosen to come off.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Atletico Madrid youth product Serrano gets a chance to show his stuff with Carrasco making way.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7A defensive switch from Simeone sees Felix brought off for Hermoso - a centre-back.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Correa gets nine minutes to stretch his legs as Llorente's match is over.,0
Manu SánchezOsasuna · Defender #39Sanchez is brought off with just under 15 minutes left with Cote sent on in his place.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Suarez is taken off after notching Atletico's second as Simeone opts to reinforce the midfield through Kondogbia.,0
Darko BrašanacOsasuna · Midfielder #8An alteration in midfield sees Torres replace Brasanac.,0
Rubén García SantosOsasuna · Midfielder #14Barja is on for Ruben Garcia as Osasuna make a number of changes.,0
Ezequiel ÁvilaOsasuna · Midfielder #9Kike Garcia is on for Avila as Arrasate continues to search for an answer.,0
sst: J. FélixATLETICO MADRID DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Goals don’t get more simple than that, as the visitors turn defending a set-piece into a goal! Felix clears Ruben Garcia’s corner-kick and puts it directly into the path of Suarez in midfield. With the goalkeeper off his line and outside his penalty area and the defence all over the place, the Uruguay international takes a touch to set himself before launching a shot from almost halfway that nestles into the bottom of the goal!,1
Vrsaljko catches the foot of Ruben Garcia, who goes down in pain immediately. It's a yellow for the Atleti right-back, who doesn't protest the decision.,2
José María GiménezAtlético Madrid · Defender #2A change at half-time from Atletico Madrid sees Felipe enter the fray in Gimenez's place.,0
fter taking a minute to assess the situation, the referee produces a yellow card for the first time today - shown to Avila.,2
TLETICO TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It’s a much better corner from Carrasco, who swings the ball into the six-yard area from the left flag. Sergio Herrera comes to claim the ball but fumbles it under pressure from Suarez - which allows Felix to tuck the ball into the open goal!,1
Adam WebsterBrighton · Defender #4Here's that enforced change for Brighton who switch to four at the back. Lallana is on for the stricken Webster.,0
Neal MaupayBrighton · Striker #9Next to go is Brighton's other striker Maupay. Trossard is on for him.,0
Aaron ConnollyBrighton · Striker #7Brighton's first change is up front as Welbeck replaces Connolly. Connolly has faded since his rash of half-chances earlier.,0
OAL! BURNLEY 1-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Burnley pepper Brighton's goal from the corner. Barnes has a shot blocked and Sanchez saves Pieters' rasping effort. Gudmundsson grabs the equaliser by following up from the edge of the box.,1
sst: P. GroßGOAL! BURNLEY 0-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Dunk gives Brighton the lead with a brilliant header! Tarkowski loses his man and Brighton's captain capitalises on it, rising high to power the ball into the far corner.,1
udmunds­son's booked for a sliding tackle on Connolly just when Burnley were under pressure on the counter.,2
ee earns the first yellow card of the game for a clumsy challenge on Maupay. It's just outside the penalty area.,2
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40Buonanotte, who is the fourth different teenager to create at least three chances in a Premier League game this season after Rico Lewis, Alejandro Garnacho and Matheus Franca, also makes way for the more experienced option of Lallana.,0
Adam WebsterBrighton · Defender #4Webster, who has only just returned to fitness, is unable to continue with injury. De Zerbi brings the centre-back off for Moder. It will be interesting to see how Brighton cover the defender’s absence with another makeshift addition to their line-up.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22Moyes makes his first change of the game by sending on Mubama for Benrahma. That substitution will likely see Bowen move to his favoured right-wing position to cater for the striker’s introduction.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Having failed to leave his mark, Welbeck is withdrawn for Ferguson in a like-for-like swap up top. What an option for De Zerbi to have off the bench.,0
uonanotte leads a one-man counter-attack that comes to an end as Johnson hauls the Brighton youngster down in the middle. The West Ham full-back is cautioned for the foul as the Seagulls win a free-kick in a promising central position.,2
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Brozovic also gets to enjoy the last few minutes from the bench. Sensi is on for him.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9Lukaku leaves the game after finally making his mark on it. Esposito takes Lukaku's place up front with his job done.,0
sst: S. de VrijGOAL! 5-0 INTER! This has turned into a rout. Lukaku grabs a brace of his own, powering past.Khocholava to slot home from the right of the box. That came seconds after Dodo fired wide from outside of the box. Shakhtar have been roasted.,1
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez's game is over. Eriksen comes on for the last 10 minutes to shore things up for Inter.,0
Danilo D'AmbrosioInter · Midfielder #33Inter make a few late changes. D'Ambrosio off. Moses on.,0
sst: L. MartínezGOAL! 4-0 INTER! What a statement of intent this is turning into by Inter. Martinez returns the favour to Lukaku, sliding the Belgian in to tap calmly in with his left foot from the right of the box.,1
MarlosShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #11Shakhtar substitution. Marlos trudges off. Konoplyanka enters the fray for the last 15 minutes.,0
Asst: R. LukakuGOAL! 3-0 INTER! Inter are surely heading to the Europa League final. Stepanenko loses out in midfield to Brozovic and suddenly Shakhtar are in trouble. Inter break and Martinez nabs his second of the game, firing home from outside the box.,1
Ashley YoungInter · Midfielder #15Inter substitution. Young gets a rest for the final quarter of the game at least. He's replaced by Biraghi.,0
Asst: M. BrozovićGOAL! 2-0 INTER! On such narrow margins are semi-finals decided. D'Ambrosio sneaks in front of Matvyenko at the far post and nods Brozovic's corner past Pyatov! Inter look unstoppable now.,1
Alan PatrickShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #21Shakhtar decide now's the time to make their first change. Alan Patrick makes way for the Israeli forward Solomon.,0
aison gets the first yellow card of the game for that foul on Bastoni. It's been quite a clean game.,2
Asst: N. BarellaGOAL! 1-0 INTER! Inter score with their first chance of the game! It came from nothing as Pyatov's sliced kick went straight to Barella. Barella drifts out wide right and swings in a fantastic cross which Martinez heads low into the bottom left corner!,1
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Bajcetic comes onto the field for the closing seconds to replace Thiago.,0
Luis DíazLiverpool · Striker #23Milner replaces Diaz for the closing stages of the game.,0
Asst: K. TsimikasGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MATIP HEADS HOME!!!!!! 2-1 LIVERPOOL!!! Liverpool finally break down the Ajax rearguard in the second half as Matip rises and plants a header over the line, despite the best attempts of Tadic to keep it out. Matip connects with a cross from Tsimikas from the left flank, directing his attempt past Pasveer. And although Tadic heads it away, the ball clearly crosses the line with the referee receiving the signal on his watch.,1
Mohammed KudusAjax · Striker #20Brobbey replaces the goalscorer Kudus, whose clinical finish has put Ajax on course for a point.,0
Kenneth TaylorAjax · Midfielder #8Taylor makes way for the visitors in the middle of the park for Grillitsch.,0
Devyne RenschAjax · Defender #15Rensch is struggling for the visitors and is withdrawn from the pitch to be replaced by Sanchez.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Nunez replaces Jota in the final third as Liverpool add height and strength to the field.,0
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Firmino enters the action to replace Elliott.,0
Bergwijn turns away from Matip, forcing the defender to bring him down. Matip goes into the book.,2
lvarez catches Jota with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: S. BerghuisGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KUDUS EQUALISES WITH A CLINICAL FINISH!!!!! 1-1!!!!! Ajax make Liverpool pay for their missed chances as Kudus hammers home from close range. Blind sends Berghuis down the left flank with a precise pass and the midfielder produces a cutback into the box. Kudus collects and fires on the turn on his left foot, with the ball hammering off the underside of the bar.,1
Asst: D. JotaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH DRILLS LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Jota finds Salah on this occasion and the forward makes no mistake burying his left-footed strike past Pasveer. Jota makes a good run and draws in defenders to open up space for Salah. He finds Salah with a good pass, allowing the Egypt international to take one touch before firing into the bottom-right corner.,1
Junior HoilettCardiff City · Midfielder #33Warnock decides to make two changes, as Hoilett is replaced by Arter.  ,0
Víctor CamarasaCardiff City · Midfielder #21Camarasa is replaced by Gunnarsson with two minutes remaining. ,0
Townsend wins a free-kick just outside the penalty area in a central position after falling under challenges from both Ralls and Camarasa – but it’s the latter who gets the card.,2
Max MeyerCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7The first substitution of the match sees Meyer depart for Wickham in a direct and attacking change. ,0
Hoilett takes down Van Aanholt with a heavy challenge and gives Palace a free-kick outside the Cardiff penalty area with seconds remaining in the half. The referee also produces a yellow for the winger. ,2
Cardiff are passing the ball around the Palace penalty area, but they are unable to make anything happen as Townsend comes back to help defend and ends up winning the ball. Bamba steps in and fouls Kouyate during the counter-attack, and receives a yellow card – after giving the fourth official a piece of his mind. ,2
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Final Liverpool substitution and it's a defensive one, with Firmino replaced by Gomez.,0
OOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead once again, it's 2-1! Liverpool win a corner and the delivery isn't dealt with by Palace, there is a scramble in the six-yard box, before it falls perfectly to Firmino just a few yards out, who smashes the ball into the back of the net.,1
Asst: A. TownsendGOOOAAALLL! Palace equalise, it's 1-1! Zaha fires them back into the game after a lovely quick move by the Eagles. Schlupp finds Townsend on the edge of the penalty area, who lays it off to Zaha, he shifts it past a Liverpool defender and then slides the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net, out of the reach of Alisson.,1
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Another Liverpool substitution, with Henderson replaced by Milner, who also takes the captains armband.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Third and final Palace substitution and it's going to be a straight swap up top for the hosts, with Ayew replaced by Benteke.,0
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Another Palace substitution now, with Kouyate replaced by Schlupp.,0
Joel WardCrystal Palace · Defender #2Here is the enforced Palace change, with Ward limping off the pitch, he has been replaced by Kelly.,0
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Striker #15Liverpool make their first substitution, with Oxlade-Chamberlain coming off and he has been replaced by Origi.,0
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Fabinho, for his sliding tackle on Kouyate, that doesn't get anywhere near the ball and takes the legs away of the Palace midfielder.,2
Asst: A. RobertsonGOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead early in the second half, it's 1-0! Mane making up for his miss just a minute ago, to fire them ahead. The ball is delivered into the box from the left by Robertson, missed by Oxlade-Chamberlain and it falls to Mane around the penalty spot, who volleys it towards the bottom left-hand post. Guaita gets a hand to it, but it strikes the post, trickles along the line and hits the other post, before bouncing over the line, just before Van Aanholt can get to it.,1
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Liverpool are making their final change here as well. Thiago goes off, with Morton coming on in his place to make his Premier League debut.,0
Thomas ParteyArsenal · Midfielder #5Final change for Arsenal now as Elneny comes on for Partey.,0
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldMINAMINO SCORES! He's only been on the pitch seconds, but he's made it 4-0! It's good play from Mane again to get in behind Arsenal, and he touches it out to Alexander-Arnold. He squares a lovely cross into the six-yard box and Minamino is waiting at the far post to tap it in.,1
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Midfielder #15And Oxlade-Chamberlain also goes off, with Henderson on for him.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Double change for Liverpool now, with Jota the first to make way as Minamino replaces him.,0
Asst: S. ManéSALAH SCORES! It's direct from Liverpool, starting with a long ball from Alisson which is knocked through to Mane. He makes a great run into the box which draws in the Arsenal defenders before squaring it to Salah, who is left with a simple tap-in under no pressure. 3-0 Liverpool! ,1
abinho tripped Smith Rowe to stop an Arsenal counter-attack and he's booked for the challenge. ,2
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Midfielder #9Second change for Arsenal now as Odegaard comes on in place of Lacazette.,0
Albert Sambi LokongaArsenal · Midfielder #23Arsenal are making a change before the restart as Maitland-Niles comes on to replace Lokonga. ,0
JOTA SCORES! Tavares is trying to get away from Oxlade-Chamberlain when he plays a loose pass to the edge of his own box and Jota pounces on it. He takes it around the goalkeeper before firing his shot into the back of the empty net. 2-0 Liverpool! ,1
Mane's got away with a couple of late challenges already, but when he sticks out a leg to catch White on the sidelines, he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldMANE SCORES! Alexander-Arnold whips a good free-kick into the box and it's over everyone at the near post. Mane peels off the back of Gabriel to get his head on it and thumps his effort past Ramsdale's outstretched hand and into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool! ,1
Bruno GuimarãesNewcastle · Midfielder #39Newcastle make a late change as Guimaraes comes off for Sean Longstaff.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Almiron is still the game's sole goalscorer, but he's had a much quieter second half and he comes off for Joe Willock.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Striker #10Saint-Maximin's been at his flamboyant best in this game, but without the end product, and he comes off for Jacob Murphy.,0
Conor GallagherCrystal Palace · Midfielder #23Gallagher is also replaced, with Jean-Philippe Mateta coming on for him in attack.,0
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Palace make a double substitution, as Kouyate comes off for James McArthur.,0
Gallagher shoves over Guimaraes long after he's passed the ball, and is needlessly booked. That's his 20th yellow card since the start of the 2020-21 season.,2
Michael OliseCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Patrick Vieira makes a surprising first-half substitution, bringing off Olise for Jordan Ayew.,0
Almiron's celebration, taking off his shirt and diving into the Magpies' faithful, warrants a yellow card, but he will not care one bit!,2
Asst: B. GuimarãesGOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What a strike!!! Guimaraes releases Almiron down the right, who gets around Mitchell, enters the box, and curls a tight-angled shot into the top corner!!! What a breakaway goal, and what a way for Newcastle to go 1-0 up!!!,1
Adam ArmstrongSouthampton · Striker #9Ralph Hassenhuttl brings off Adam Armstrong, and Nathan Redmond will enter the fray for the last few minutes.,0
Emerson RoyalTottenham · Midfielder #12Emerson is the next man to be subbed by Antonio Conte, and Bryan Gil comes on in his place.,0
Shane LongSouthampton · Striker #7Long comes off for Southampton, and is replaced by on-loan Chelsea forward Armando Broja.,0
inks shunts Diallo out of the way to feed Son in the box, but his effort on goal is deflected away, and play is pulled back for the foul which Winks is booked for.,2
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Alli comes off in Spurs' second change, and on comes Lucas Moura to replace him.,0
dam Armstrong scythes down Emerson from behind with a needless challenge, and he is rightfully booked by the referee.,2
Sergio ReguilónTottenham · Midfielder #3Reguilon is withdrawn by Antonio Conte for Spurs, and he will be replaced at half-time by Matt Doherty.,0
eguilon slides in for a 50-50 ball, catching Walker-Peters very late and rightfully being brandished with a yellow card.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Tottenham equalise!!!! Kane steps up from 12 yards and blasts his penalty into the top left corner, sending Forster the wrong way and levelling the scores at 1-1!,1
PENALTY!!! Son gets the run on Salisu and glides past him into the box. Salisu then cuts down the Spurs forward, conceding a blatant penalty! To make matters worse, he's yellow-carded again, meaning he is sent off and Saints are down to 10!,3
Salisu clatters into Emerson as the two compete for a high ball, and this time the Saints defender is given the yellow card.,2
OOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! WHAT A STRIKE!!!!!! Salisu's long-throw into the Spurs box causes havoc, and Ward-Prowse smashes the loose ball through the defenders and into the right corner!!! It's a wonderful, drilled finish from the Saints captain, and it's put his side 1-0 up!!!!,1
alker-Peters cuts down Alli as the Tottenham man looks to release a pass, and the Saints full-back is given the game's first yellow card.,2
Dominik KohrMainz · Midfielder #31Kohr also comes off in stoppage time and Papela is his replacement.,0
Leandro BarreiroMainz · Midfielder #8Barreiro heads off after a wonderful performance and on comes Stoger for the final few minutes.,0
Anton StachMainz · Midfielder #6Mainz make a few late substitutions now, with Stach one of those heading off and on comes Brosinski.,0
Karim OnisiwoMainz · Striker #9The other change sees Onisiwo replaced by Ingvartsen.,0
Sane is now booked for a poor challenge around the halfway line.,2
Jonathan BurkardtMainz · Striker #29Mainz make their first change, with Burkardt replaced by Boetius.,0
Niklas SüleBayern · Defender #4Another Bayern change here, with Sule off and on comes Stanisic.,0
nother booking now, this time it is shown to Pavard after he dives into a challenge and gets nowhere near the ball.,2
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Midfielder #13The other change sees Choupo-Moting replaced by Vidovic.,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Another double change coming up for Bayern now, with Hernandez the first to head off and he has been replaced by Nianzou.,0
Hernandez is booked for a clear foul on Onisiwo after the striker looked to break forward on the counter.,2
sst: S. WidmerGOOOAAALLL! MAINZ MAKE IT 3-1! The hosts counter quickly and catch Bayern out at the back, with Stach flicking the ball to Widmer, who turns Davies and then lays it off to Barreiro on the edge of the box. The shot from Barreiro takes a big deflection off Pavard, but this sends it past Ulreich, onto the bar and into the back of the net.,1
Marcel SabitzerBayern · Midfielder #18Bayern have made a double substitution ahead of the second half, with Sabitzer one of those coming off and on comes Musiala.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8The other change sees Goretzka replaced by Sane.,0
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Kimmich for a blatant shirt pull to prevent a Mainz counter.,2
sst: E. Choupo-MotingGOOOAAALLL! LEWANDOWSKI MAKES IT 2-1! Lovely move by Bayern on the edge of the penalty area, as Sabitzer flicks it to Choupo-Moting, who could go for goal himself. However, he opts to pass to Lewandowski and he turns and fires the ball into the bottom right corner of the net.,1
Asst: A. StachGOOOAAALLL! MAINZ DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! It comes from another set piece, as a free-kick is whipped into the box from the right, flicked on at the near post by Stach and then met at the back post by Niakhate and he has a simple tap-in from close range. He simply couldn’t miss and he makes it 2-0!,1
Asst: D. KohrGOOOAAALLL! MAINZ TAKE THE LEAD! The hosts deserve their lead after a superb opening period of the game. It comes from a mistake by Ulreich at the back, his pass out is poor and is easily picked up by Kohr, who heads it to Burkardt and he then fires the ball past the keeper and into the back of the net. It’s 1-0!,1
De Marcos is cautioned for pulling back on Guiu, who has not only changed the game since his introduction but frustrated the Athletic defenders, too.,2
Perhaps still rushed with adrenaline, Guiu lunges into Simon with a late sliding tackle and is shown a yellow card to go with his opening goal.,2
Asst: J. FélixGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! GUIU OPENS THE SCORING WITH HIS FIRST TOUCH! The 17-year-old cannot believe his fortune after coming to the Blaugrana’s rescue and putting the hosts 1-0 up. Martinez plays into the feet of Joao Felix before the Portugal international slots through for Guiu, who slides a right-footed finish under the onrushing Simon. The Athletic goalkeeper gets a touch but cannot stop the shot from rolling into the back of an unguarded net. A dream moment for the substitute who scores with his first involvement for Barcelona’s senior side!,1
Alejandro BaldeBarcelona · Defender #3After another energetic performance at both ends of the pitch, Balde also trudges off for Alonso to take his left-back spot.,0
Fermín LópezBarcelona · Striker #32Lopez is hauled off for the introduction of 17-year-old Guiu.,0
Dani GarcíaAthletic Club · Midfielder #14Garcia also comes off for Gomez as Valverde continues to shuffle his midfield pack.,0
Nico WilliamsAthletic Club · Midfielder #11The impressive Nico Williams is replaced by Berenguer. That leaves just his brother, Inaki Williams, on the pitch now.,0
Adu is shown a yellow card for a needless tug on the shirt of Joao Felix near the halfway line.,2
Gorka GuruzetaAthletic Club · Striker #12Guruzeta follows Galarreta off the pitch, as Adu replaces the forward.,0
Íñigo Ruiz de GalarretaAthletic Club · Midfielder #16Valverde makes a double change of his own, with Galarreta the first to make way for Prados.,0
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Xavi has seen enough and makes a double change. The first of which sees Araujo replace Christensen at centre-back.,0
Oriol RomeuBarcelona · Midfielder #18An attacking change also comes from Barcelona as winger Yamal replaces holding midfielder Romeu.,0
Romeu commits the most obvious foul of the game, dragging back on Sancet's shirt to stop the counter-attack down the middle. Unsurprisingly, the Barcelona midfielder joins team-mate Gavi in the referee's book.,2
Garcia smashes into Romeu with a late lunge, catching the Barcelona midfielder high on his right boot. The referee shows the Athletic player a yellow card for his ill-timed tackle.,2
Yuri BerchicheAthletic Club · Defender #17Yuri is down once again and the left-back’s game is over. Valverde sends on Lekue to replace the full-back.,0
avi is shown the first yellow card of the game for pulling back Sancet as Athletic looked to counter-attack from Barcelona’s first corner on the left-hand side.,2
Asst: D. CarvajalGOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! MARIANO SEALS IT! What a remarkable introduction for the striker who, with his first touches, gets the better of Umtiti, sprints into the area and, from a tight angle, manages to scuff a finish in over Ter Stegen.,1
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9A final change for Madrid. Benzema is off, with Mariano on.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Another change from Madrid. Valverde – who receives a standing ovation from the home fans - makes way for Vazquez.,0
Five minutes remaining for Barca to salvage something, but it’s Madrid who are on top at the moment and, in a show of frustration, Messi has just lunged in on Casemiro and rightly receives a booking.,2
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #17Here’s a double change from Setien, who is rolling the dice in an attempt to get back into this game. First, Griezmann makes way for Fati, who has enjoyed a brilliant breakthrough season so far.,0
Arthur MeloBarcelona · Midfielder #8The other Barca switch sees Arthur go off, with Rakitic – who has scored some stunning goals in huge games in the past – coming on.,0
IscoReal Madrid · Midfielder #22A first change for Madrid. Modric is on, with Isco heading off.,0
Asst: T. KroosGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! VINICIUS PUTS MADRID AHEAD! Finally, we have the breakthrough. Kroos is given time to pick a pass into Vinicius, who drives into the box and this time gets a shot off and, with Pique lunging across, it deflects beyond Ter Stegen and into the net. Madrid 1-0 Barca!,1
Arturo VidalBarcelona · Midfielder #22What a moment this is for Braithwaite. A week after coming on and impressing against Eibar in his Barca debut, the former Leganes forward is now on for his Clasico bow. He has replaced Vidal, suggesting Barca will go into a 4-3-3.,0
Alba did not seem to do too much wrong in that incident but, nevertheless, has also gone into the book.,2
 bit of hustle and bustle down on the left flank as Alba and Carvajal clash. The referee is quickly over and again shows no hesitation in getting his cards out – showing the first one to Madrid’s full-back.,2
A first booking of the match just 10 minutes in and it goes to Vinicius, who fouled Semedo. Strangely enough, it was the first foul of the match from either side, so it is no surprise that Vinicius seems to feel he was hard done by.,2
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Conversely, Hasenhuttl replaces Armstrong - playing at wing-back today - with a striker in Obafemi as he looks for a last-gasp equaliser.,0
RicharlisonEverton · Midfielder #7Richarlison trudges off for a centre-back in Keane as Silva switches to a back five to see out the game.,0
Iwobi does his defensive duties well on the right, covering for Sidibe and nicking the ball off Boufal, forcing the winger to haul him back to prevent a counter-attack and earn himself a yellow card.,2
Nathan RedmondSouthampton · Striker #22Redmond is now replaced by Adams as Hasenhuttl gives Ings a strike partner in a bid to get back on level terms.,0
sst: D. SidibéGOAL!! RICHARLISON MIGHT HAVE WON IT FOR EVERTON! Sidibe puts in an excellent cross from the right and the Brazilian sprints to get in at the back post before guiding a low effort under McCarthy and in! It's 2-1 to Everton!,1
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Former Arsenal team-mates Walcott and Iwobi also swap places as Silva freshens up his attacking options.,0
Cenk TosunEverton · Striker #14Tosun is replaced by Calvert-Lewin up front as Silva looks to grab a late winner.,0
Sidibe is booked as he catches Djenepo right on the edge of the box. The Southampton players want a penalty but the free-kick is the correct decision.,2
OAL!! SOUTHAMPTON ARE LEVEL!! Boufal retrieves the ball on the right after an attack looks to have broken down, taking on and beating Schneiderlin with ease, before firing a low cross of the inside of Mina's right leg and into Ings for a tap-in! It's 1-1!,1
Cédric SoaresSouthampton · Midfielder #2Hasenhuttl makes a bold substitution at half-time, replacing natural full-back Cedric with a winger in Boufal.,0
Asst: M. HolgateGOAL!! EVERTON TAKE THE LEAD! Holgate meets a corner at the front post and flicks it on for Davies, who comes charging in at the back post and powers a header beyond McCarthy! It's 1-0 to Everton!,1
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9Haaland is withdrawn for Dias to shore up the City defence.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MAHREZ SURELY SEALS THE WIN!!!!! 4-2 CITY!!!!!!! The winger latches onto a poor touch from Lenglet as he attempts to clear Ederson's long ball and bursts through on goal before clipping his strike over Lloris. Mahrez has been outstanding in the second half.,1
Rico LewisMan City · Defender #82Lewis has a good game tonight and is now withdrawn for Walker after taking a knock.,0
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Silva replaces Gundogan in the middle of the park.,0
Ben DaviesTottenham · Defender #33Lenglet enters the action for Davies for the final 12 minutes.,0
Emerson RoyalTottenham · Midfielder #12Richarlison replaces Emerson to add extra firepower to the final third.,0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Bissouma replaces Bentancur for the visitors for the final 15 minutes.,0
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Perisic has had a tough game against Mahrez and also spurned the chance to put Spurs back in front. He is withdrawn for Sessegnon.,0
Asst: RodriGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MAHREZ COMPLETES THE COMEBACK!!!!!!! 3-2!!!!!! The home side take the lead as Mahrez blasts a right-footed strike past Lloris at his near post. Mahrez loses Perisic down the right flank and drives into the inside channel. He opens up space for an effort on his weaker foot and finds the bottom-right corner. Lloris looks to his defence, but he should have done better there.,1
sst: R. MahrezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HAALAND EQUALISES!!!!!!! 2-2!!!! Haaland levels the scores with a close-range header. Rodri floats a long ball over the top for Mahrez's run in the inside-right channel. He flicks a header across the face of goal for Haaland to attack and score with a deft header. What a response from City.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ALVAREZ GETS ONE BACK!!!! 2-1!!!!! City are back in the game as Alvarez converts from close range. Mahrez leaves Perisic in his wake down the inside-right channel and sends a cross into the middle. Lloris cannot push it away after Grealish attacks the delivery. It falls kindly for Alvarez, who guides his strike past Perisic on the line.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!! EMERSON DOUBLES TOTTENHAM'S LEAD!!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!!! Spurs are in dreamland before the break as City gift them another goal as Emerson heads home. Kane battles in the inside-right channel to rob Rodri with a sliding challenge. He powers a strike at goal from a tight angle that Ederson saves. However, the rebound falls perfectly onto the head of Emerson to place his effort into the net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KULUSEVSKI PUTS SPURS AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! Kulusevski pounces on a mistake by Ederson and buries his left-footed strike past the City keeper. Ederson plays a loose offload to Rodri, who loses out to Bentancur on a high press. The loose ball falls perfectly for Kulusevski to take aim and drill his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
ojbjerg cathes Lewis on his follow-through following a break upfield. City want further action from the referee, but it did not look intentional.,2
Romero catches Akanji late as he steps into a challenge with the defender.,2
Mahrez brings down Kulusevski with a cynical challenge and goes into the book.,2
