"RED!! Sakho is off! A huge early blow for Palace. The defender, recalled today, lunges in high on Smith after a heavy touch, giving Taylor little option but to reach for the red card.",3
TORRES IS ALSO OFF! He started it all by rugby tackling Savic and preventing him from standing up. He was dragging the defender by the hair at one point and giving as much as he got. Barca down to 10 too!,3
"Asst: R. Lukaku3-0 INTER! The 'Lu-La' show is back! Now, Lukaku strides through the centre and turns provider - picking out Martinez with a pass into the box. His strike partner then drags his foot over the ball and tucks it into the bottom corner from 10 yards!",1
"DOUCOURE IS SENT OFF! It's a moment of madness from the midfielder! Gray is pushed off the ball by Kane, who then has nowhere to go once he's won it. Doucoure gets across to dispossess him before pushing Kane away once and then hitting him in the face. He tries to protest his innocence, but the referee has no doubts as he shows him a straight red. Everton are down to 10!",3
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4McCarthy returns for Palace to replace Milivojevic as we enter the final five minutes.,0
"João GomesWolves · Midfielder #8O'Neil introduces Traore in place of the impressive Gomes, as he looks to add more energy to Wolves' midfield.",0
"ed card for Bayern! Pavard is shown a straight red. Furth rip through Bayern with a series of rapid interchanges that send Dudziak through on goal. Pavard attempts to poke the ball away with a slide challenge but only brings down the Furth man, and after careful hesitation, the referee sends him off.",3
"TrézéguetAston Villa · Striker #17Villa make a late substitution, with Trezeguet coming off and he has been replaced by El Ghazi.",0
Robertson clumsily bundles Ayew over down the right to give Palace one last chance to put the ball into the box. His protests earn him a late yellow card.,2
Kevin Vazquez goes into a reckless sliding challenge on Kroos which earns the full-back an early yellow card.,2
RED CARD90+2'Red card for Matt Lowton (Burnley). The original decision is confirmed by a VAR review.,3
"Asst: PedriWHAT A GOAL! Torres tried to spin out of a crowd of players on the edge of the box, but the ball bounced off Diakhaby and out to Pedri on the edge of the box. He hits it first time, getting a lot of power on his swerving shot as it rises over Mamardashvili and into the top of the net. 4-1 Barca!",1
"Well, well, well things just go from back to worse for Wolves. Substitute Matheus Nunes, who hasn't even entered the pitch today, is shown a red card for his reaction to that goal standing. This game has been riddled in incident!",3
Asst: N. KantéGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 0-1 CHELSEA! Gallagher gets in between Senesi and Smith to latch onto Kante's cross from the right and divert a header into the far bottom corner of the net.,1
Zaccagni shimmies past Vidal and wins a promising free-kick 25 yards from goal. Vidal is booked for the trip.,2
RED CARD! Romero sticks out a leg and brings down Grealish on the charge. He receives his second booking and then a red card.,3
"or handling the ball in the area, Guehi is inevitably booked - adding to his pain at conceding such a late penalty.",2
"HERNANDEZ IS OFF! In the final seconds of stoppage time, Hernandez is shown a straight red! He was tugging back Dumfries' shirt, but the wing-back got away from him. He kept chasing him down though and slid in from behind, clipping the back of his heels, and Milan are down to 10 men!",3
"RED CARD! BARCELONA HAVE LOST THEIR LEAD, AND THEY'VE NOW LOST ALBA! Lahoz continues to flash his yellow card, and Alba has talked himself into a second booking after Espanyol were awarded a free-kick! The Barca defender was in conversation with the referee while setting up a defensive wall for the kick, and he's clearly said something Lahoz didn't like!",3
"Asst: Á. PachónGOOOAAALLL!!! GIRONA 1-2 MADRID! Porro pulls one back for the home side with around 20 minutes to go. Pachon plays the ball across to his left and Porro keeps his cool when up against Navas, getting the ball out from under his feet to find the back of the net.",1
"Asst: M. ArnoldGOOOALLLL!!! Wolfsburg equalise!!! It's a freak goal, but the away side won't care. An Arnold corner is swung right into the six-yard box, and Nmecha just ghosts in between the Salzburg defenders to head the ball into the far corner!!! 1-1, and Wolfsburg aren't just here to make up the numbers!",1
"sst: A. DaviesGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-2 BAYERN MUNICH! Lewandowski grabs his second goal of the game as Bayern race upfield quickly. Sane leaves the ball in the box for Davies and Lewandowski takes charge of the situation, lashing into the net from the centre of the box.",1
Modric pulls back Dennis on the charge in the midfield and goes into the book.,2
"Ikone brings Rebic down right on the left corner of the penalty area. It's a free-kick for Milan in a good position to test Terracciano, while the Fiorentina player is shown a yellow card.",2
OFF! Tuta pulls back Son again and receives his second yellow card and then a red. The referee had to be reminded that he booked the Frankfurt defender not three minutes ago.,3
"sst: N. KeïtaGOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead, it's 2-1! Firmino is given far too much time and space in the box as he is fed the ball by Keita, he has time to control the ball and then pick his spot, placing the ball in the bottom corner, with a slight deflection taking it out of the reach of Speroni.",1
"Rudiger clips the heels of Joao Felix as the Barca substitute glides past him, and it's a fairly textbook yellow card for the Madridistas defender.",2
Asst: J. CorreaGOAL! INTER 3-1 NAPOLI! Inter react quickest to Ruiz's blocked shot and burst upfield to secure a two-goal lead! Correa spots Martinez to his right and finds his compatriot who slots a precise effort into the bottom left corner from just inside the box.,1
"ouza is booked for a poor challenge on Jansson, catching the Brentford skipper late and the referee initially waves play on, but makes sure he comes back to show the Watford man a yellow card.",2
Toney is booked for removing his shirt in the celebrations following his breakthrough goal.,2
"hings have gone from bad to worse for Reading now, as they drop to 10 men! Casemiro is cleaned out by Carroll and it is a second yellow for the forward, who heads straight down the tunnel. It is not the former England international's finest moment.",3
Vinicius sees a yellow card for dissent after he is adjudged to have fouled Parejo in the middle of the pitch. The away midfielder did appear to go down softly but the referee saw it differently.,2
Benjamin PavardBayern · Defender #5Pavard makes way for Gnabry. Bayern might be lining up a re-shuffle here unless Kimmich drops into the defence.,0
sst: A. YoungINTER HAVE A SECOND! Gagliardini is hovering on the edge of the box when the ball comes to him from Young and he hits the shot on the half-volley. It catches Montipo out at his near post and nestles in the back of the net. 2-0 Inter!,1
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #11Dembele is withdrawn for Trincao in the final third.,0
"uado is the next man into the book after chopping Dembele down outside the box. That was a reckless challenge, and it wouldn't have been a surprise to see a card of another colour.",2
"CENES! Cantwell plays in Pukki with a beautiful dinked pass, but Ramsdale's off his line quick and does excellently to close him down. It comes out to McLean at the edge of the box for a shot which strikes the post, but only because Cook has handled it! It's a fingertips save to keep Bournemouth level, but sadly it's not the keeper making it! Cook sees red and the VAR upholds the on-field decision - penalty to Norwich and Bournemouth down to 10.",3
"OOAAALLLL!!! DE JONG! 1-0 Sevilla! Barca concede for the first time this season! Sevilla go with the same corner routine they used earlier in the match and Suso beats Fati before crossing towards Kounde. The defender gets up and challenges for the ball, which drops for De Jong to slam high past Neto.",1
Chilwell receives the game's first yellow card for clipping Ward-Prowse's heels from behind. The Southampton captain will take the resulting free-kick.,2
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 3-0 CROTONE!! Ronaldo is denied by Cordaz when played through on goal but Juve find a way through from the subsequent corner. De Ligt heads the ball down and it bounces into the path of McKennie to blast into the roof of the net.,1
"Kal NaismithLuton Town · Defender #24Another substitution now by Luton, with Naismith coming off and he has been replaced by Moncur.",0
RED CARD! Spurs are down to ten men as Romero receives a second yellow card. The ball is there to be contested between Hernandez and Romero but the Argentine centre-back recklessly flies into the challenge again and it's an obvious second yellow.,3
"Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOOOAAALLL!!!! Liverpool hit back!!!! After Laporte heads clear a cross for Mane, Robertson crosses the ball back into the danger area. Alexander-Arnold's at the back post, and cuts it back for Jota to stroke home!!! 1-1 with the game just 13 minutes old, and this is shaping up to be a classic!",1
"e Paul is the first player booked tonight, and he is a little unlucky there, with the referee claiming he struck Machís with a stray arm. Replays suggest the Granada player went down cheaply, but the officials think otherwise.",2
"ESPANYOL DOWN TO 10 MEN! Lozano follows through on Pique and is shown a yellow card. However, like the Fati decision a couple of minutes ago, the referee checks the pitchside monitor and changes his initial decision.",3
"enalty GoalSCHAR SCORES FROM THE SPOT! 2-0! Schar confidently stutters towards the ball, before sending Rodak the wrong way and tapping the ball slowly into the bottom left corner!",1
"Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Bayern are making a late double change here. Musiala is the first to go off, with Choupo-Moting on for him.",0
"Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #8Tielemans is withdrawn for Leicester's final change, with Ayoze Perez coming on for the last few minutes.",0
Walcott knocks it past Gabriel with a heavy touch before realising he won't reach it. He throws himself to the floor in an obvious dive and is booked for it.,2
"ENZEMA ADDS A FOURTH! Silva rushes out of his box to smother Casemiro's long ball upfield and he ends up chesting it down straight to Benzema. The Frenchman keeps his cool, lifting his shot over the goalkeeper and into the back of the empty net. 4-1 Madrid!",1
"Buendia's shown the first yellow of the game for a high tackle on Rico - he's trying to control a pass as both players have eyes on the ball, but he catches Rico in the face nonetheless.",2
"MODRIC SCORES! Madrid finally have the breakthrough! Valverde clips a cross into the box, but again, it's met by a Sevilla player, only Bade heads his clearance straight to Modric. He takes it around Soumare with his first touch, keeping it on the stretch, before he rifles his powerful shot past Nyland and into the back of the net. 1-0 Madrid!",1
"sst: G. PellèGOAL! Parma have pulled one back, it’s 2-1! A long ball comes over the top of the Milan defence and Pelle just manages to get to it in time, heading it back across goal towards Gagliolo, who slides in and just gets to it ahead of Donnarumma and he pokes it into the back of the net. Game on!",1
NOTHER RED CARD!! Lokomotiv are down to nine men after Karagaren received a second yellow.,3
"enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Milivojevic makes no mistakes from the penalty spot, powering the ball past Rico and into the back of the net. The Fulham goalkeeper went the right way, but there was too much pace on the ball for him to stop it. Palace lead 1-0!",1
"ickford is up but is yellow-carded for his role in the melee. After a long stoppage, play has resumed.",2
Llorente catches Perez on the calf and is rightly shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
"Alex IwobiFulham · Midfielder #22Marco Silva sends on some fresh legs, as he seeks to preserve his side's slim lead. Iwobi is replaced by Andreas Pereira in midfield.",0
Adrien TamezeVerona · Midfielder #61Tameze is recalled to the bench with 15 minutes left after a thoroughly impressive shift. Bessa is sent on.,0
"Lenglet tripped as Iwobi ran past him, so the defender tried to drag him down by the shirt. The referee initially played the advantage but has now gone back to book the Frenchman.",2
"purs are going to finish this game a man down though; Doherty crashes into Hernandez and picks up a second yellow, seeing him sent off for a second bookable offence. He'll be suspended too.",3
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Lampard responds at the break by hooking Werner and replacing him with Hudson-Odoi.,0
"Asst: J. GarnerGOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 EVERTON!! Garner drives down the right-hand side and West Ham fail to pressure him, and he gets it out of his feet before delivering into the box. It's a superb cross and Beto is unmarked in the penalty area. He heads towards goal, and it flies into the back of the net, leaving Areola with no chance!",1
"EEDS DOWN TO 10! Ayling is sent off for his reckless two-footed challenge, as the VAR instructs the on-field referee to review his decision to show him only a yellow card. After a brief check, it is upgraded to red, and Leeds are up against it now!",3
"ED CARD! Gabriel is shown a straight red card and is sent off! Tadic fouls Gabriel on the edge of the penalty area, the centre-back then goes down injured and Tadic pushes him in the back in frustration. Gabriel then reacts very angrily, pushing Tadic in his chest and then leaning in with his head and appearing to headbutt the striker.",3
"Asst: A. DoucouréEVERTON TAKE THE LEAD WITH 10 MINUTES REMAINING! After a suspect defensive header following a Coleman cross, Bernard passes it across the 18-yard box for Doucoure, who meets the delivery with a lay-off for Sigurdsson. From there - it’s a simple finish into the far corner! 1-0!",1
Milla is shown a second yellow card and is sent off after angrily protesting the referee's decision to award a free-kick against him.,3
GOOOAAALLL!!!90+1'Alanyaspor3 - 1SalernitanaIdrissa DoumbiaAlanyaspor,1
sst: L. GoretzkaIT'S FIVE! Gnabry has his second of the game as Goretzka lifts a lovely cross into the far post again and he's left with a free header where he nods it in to put Bayern 5-1 ahead!,1
"Angelo OgbonnaWest Ham · Defender #21Here is the enforced change, with Dawson heading onto the pitch, replacing Ogbonna.",0
"Aïssa LaïdouniUnion Berlin · Midfielder #20Kral comes on for Laidouni, as Bjelica freshens up his midfield ahead of the game's concluding chapter.",0
"Bellingham is booked for his challenge on Ederson, even though he clearly got to the ball first and the goal should have been allowed to stand. A really harsh one on the midfielder.",2
KAMARA IS SENT OFF! Things are going from bad to worse for Watford! Olise is threatening to break forward down the right and Kamara desperately pushes him off the side of the pitch to stop him. He's shown his second yellow card of the game before being sent down the tunnel.,3
"RED CARD! Kucka was booked in the first half and he is now shown a yellow and given his marching orders! The midfielder lost his cool and dived into a challenge with Tavares, catching the Arsenal man late and the referee had no choice but to award a free-kick and send him off.",3
Diaz knocks the ball past Varane and gets cleaned out by the Frenchman. Varane's shown the yellow card.,2
Insigne is given a yellow card for handball inside Atalanta’s penalty area.,2
Modric picks up a yellow card after catching Fernando with a late challenge.,2
"OFF! Hummels slides in from behind on Antony down the left flank and referee Michael Oliver brandishes the red card. It appears a harsh decision on the field, and will be reviewed by VAR.",3
"OW MARTINEZ IS SENT OFF! INCREDIBLE SCENES! Martinez comes up for the corner-kick, looking to help his side level well past the 100th-minute mark but he lunges wildly at Tomori to try and prevent a clearance. The referee comes over and immediately shows the Genoa goalkeeper a second yellow!",3
"Asst: K. De BruyneMANCHESTER CITY EQUALISE! It’s a simple goal as De Bruyne floats a free-kick from the right wing to the far post for Laporte, who loses his man and heads past a sprawling Forster! 1-1!",1
"Mykolenko rashly flies in on Wilson and gets absolutely none of the ball, but does receive a yellow card from the referee and is rather lucky to do so.",2
"ollowing a quick VAR check, Niakate's booking for hacking down Behrens is overturned, and the referee flashes a red card in the defender's direction! He has his marching orders, and Braga are one man down before the break!",3
"Ross McCauslandRangers · Striker #45Matondo started the last match and is now coming on to replace McCausland, who took his place in the team.",0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27PSG make a double-change. The first sees Gueye make way for Raphina.,0
"GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! A richly deserved fourth for the Red Devils!!! Pellistri is straight into the action, and burns around the outside of two defenders on the right, before cutting the ball back from the byline. McTominay meets it with a first-time shot that Bravo parries, but the ball falls for Weghorst to slot home the goal he's been chasing all night!! 4-1 on the night, and United's dominance of this second half suggests that this tie may already be done and dusted - we're not even halfway through it yet.",1
Asst: M. MountGOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!! WHAT A START FOR CHELSEA! The Blues earn an early corner from the left after a neat passage of play and Chalobah flicks home from Mount's delivery. 1-0 to the visitors!,1
"Asst: A. BaldeGOALLL!!!!!! 2-0 DEPAY! Depay doubles Barcelona’s lead with a brilliant finish past Badia. Balde passes to Depay, who has his back to the defender. He quickly turns his body away from his man and finishes high into the goal with his left foot.",1
Robertson just caught Porro with his elbow during an aerial challenge and goes into the referee's book.,2
OAL! REAL MADRID 2-0 BARCELONA! Madrid do score from the free-kick! It's a beauty too. Kroos steps up and fires it towards goal. It deflects off the back of Dest who is standing nowhere near his wall and into the net! Alba is unable to head it off the line.,1
"GOALLLL!! 2-0 VILLA! The resulting free-kick is swung in by El Ghazi towards Watkins, who hits the bar with his header from outside the six-yard area. Hause is then quickly onto the rebound as he heads over the line from close range. Guaita thinks he has clawed Hause's effort away, however, referee Taylor points to his watch to show the technology has confirmed the goal.",1
RED CARD! A second yellow is shown to Lenglet for dragging back Suarez on the right and he is off!,3
"LUCAS IS SENT OFF! The Brazilian flicked a header straight onto Keane and tried to make up for his error by chasing down the defender. He's very late though, stepping on Keane's ankle with his studs, and he knows straight away he's in trouble. The referee pulls out another straight red, and it's 10 against 10 here!",3
Asst: T. WalcottGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 3-2 BURNLEY! Southampton come from 2-0 down to take the lead for the first time! Redmond smacks the ball into the net from the left of the box as Pope saves Ings' strike and Walcott hangs it up to the far post for Redmond to finish.,1
lonso is the first player to be booked after an aerial clash with Soucek as the Chelsea man seems to lead with his arm.,2
"Asst: K. De BruyneGOAL - SPORTING 0-1 MAN CITY - Mahrez's goal stands, and the Algerian could not miss from inside the box. Foden's shot had been parried by Adan, only for De Bruyne to pounce immediately. The Belgian turned on a sixpence in the box, squaring the ball to Mahrez, who did the rest.",1
"After having several nibbles at Pellegri and venting his frustration towards the referee, Hernandez is shown a yellow card.",2
Diego CostaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Herrera replaces Costa to add an extra body to the Atletico midfield.,0
RED CARD! Casimiro is shown his second yellow card of the game for a poor tackle on Mertens inside the box. Icardi will take the penalty.,3
Messi is sent off! It's a dismal end to the Supercopa for Messi who lashes out and strikes Villalibre off the ball and - after a check with VAR - he's shown a red card.,3
AKIMI IS SENT OFF! It gets worse for PSG! It's another late challenge from Hakimi as he lunged to try and nick the ball off Yongwa. He didn't get near the ball but did catch the wing-back on the ankle with his studs. The referee goes straight to his pocket for a second yellow card and he's off! PSG are down to 10 men!,3
"A late challenge with studs showing earns Rebic a yellow card, as the striker's frustration gets the better of him.",2
OFF! Hack brings down Musiala with a lunge and receives his second yellow card and then a red. He follows his manager down the tunnel.,3
Asst: D. CeballosGOOOAAALLL!!! GIRONA 1-3 MADRID! Llorente restores the visitors' two-goal lead in the second leg with a brilliant finish into the bottom corner. The midfielder shifted the ball away from Luiz and worked the angle to fire the ball out of Iraizoz's reach from 20 yards.,1
"RED CARD! Hermoso is also sent off for his clash with Mallo, with both players having words with eachother and causing a huge coming together on the pitch. Nearly every player on the pitch came to join in, as it got very heated.",3
"Lenglet is also cautioned at the same time as Mainoo, seemingly for dissent towards the referee following the United midfielder's tactical foul on McGinn.",2
"Sucic breaks forward for Salzburg with pace, but is fouled by Mbabu as he looks to pick a pass. Mbabu is booked as a result.",2
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #11Moyes finally turns to his bench. Downes comes on for the lively Paqueta.,0
James is booked for that rash tackle on Allan. The young right-back's a constant outlet for Chelsea but he's not been the most effective in this game.,2
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud also comes off with Origi on to replace the French forward.,0
"He is off!!! Marriner flashes his red card to Casemiro, who put his hand around the throat of Hughes during that struggle between the two sets of players. United will have to see out the rest of this game a man down.",3
"sst: J. DraxlerIT’S THREE FOR PSG! Draxler hits a long pass over the top of the defence for Mbappe, who exposes the high line and gets on the end of the ball, speeding past Zedadka as he draws Desmas off his line and deposits the ball in the empty net! 3-0!",1
Rice has to pull back Walcott on the charge to stop a counter. He takes one for the team and is booked.,2
"Asst: T. TomiyasuGOAAALLLL! XHAKA SCORES! 1-0 ARSENAL! Arsenal have the goal that they have been looking for. Standing in the middle of the box, the midfielder sweeps Tomiyasu’s cross into the bottom corner.",1
"Paredes does not escape unpunished, with the Argentina international also shown a red card for his part in the fracas. He's having to be contained by two team-mates while he yells something to his opponents during the slow march off the pitch.",3
"GOAL!! UNBELIEVABLE! 2-2! Michel makes amends! Bayern are farcically caught out on the counter despite leading! Jastrzembski dashes down the left and hammers in a powerful shot that Neuer can only parry. Michel cannot miss this time, tapping into an open goal. Paderborn are 15 minutes away from a huge draw.",1
RED CARD FOR RICCI! Inter see the corner out and immediately burst forward. Ricci slides in high on Bastoni and leaves the defender crumpled in a heap. The referee shows no hesitation in dismissing him as Martinez expresses his condolences.,3
"Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GAKPO TURNS THE BALL HOME!!!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! Gakpo converts from close range following a rapid break from the visitors, although it be controversial in the minds of Leeds. Firpo loses out to Alexander-Arnold, who uses his arm to make a block. He feeds Salah and goes for the one-two with the forward. Alexander-Arnold places a low ball to the back post where Gakpo has a simple tap-in.",1
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Messias does come off with Saelemaekers replacing him.,0
"abbia catches Fati late as the Barca winger releases a pass, and the Italian defender goes into the book for that challenge as we enter the final 10 minutes.",2
"Asst: P. EstupiñánBRIGHTON DRAW LEVEL AGAIN! Ferguson hauls his side back into the game: it's 2-2 at the King Power, and the Irish teenager has done it again! He connects with a pinpoint Estupinan cross from the left with a glancing header, which finds the bottom-right corner via the post!",1
"Asst: B. FernandesGOAL! MARCUS RASHFORD PUTS MANCHESTER UNITED AHEAD! 1-0! For all that Leicester possession, it is the visitors who strike first. From a throw-in, James squares a ball in, Fernandes gets the slightest touch to tee the England man up and he slots home past Schmeichel.",1
"Kristjan AsllaniInter · Midfielder #14Inzaghi makes a substitution in midfield, as Asllani makes way for Mkhitaryan.",0
"ouma trips Toney on the edge of the box, following a brilliant 30-yard run by the attacker. The defender is shown a yellow card.",2
"ITROVIC IS OFF TOO! Fulham have completely lost their heads here! Mitrovic went straight over to the referee as he was showing the red card to Willian, and he crosses a line with what he said before pushing the referee and putting his head towards him. Fulham are down to nine men in a matter of seconds!",3
ED CARD! Marriner consults the monitor on the touchline and deems Cooper’s sliding tackle to have been worthy of a sending off. Leeds’ captain had smashed into the Brazilian with a sliding tackle and he is deemed to have used excessive force in the challenge. The referee overturns the original yellow card and gives Cooper his marching orders!,3
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Barcelona's third change sees Dembele taken off and replaced by Nico.,0
"RED CARD! Ibrahimovic has been shown a straight red card and he is sent off! Milan are down to 10 men for the remaining half an hour. It looks like a Ibrahimovic has reacted badly to a free-kick being awarded, after Gagliolo fouls Calhanoglu and the striker has said something to the referee. The match official was quick to brandish the red card.",3
"E'S OFF!!! Busquets loses out to Falcao on the edge of the Barca box, and catches the Rayo striker with an elbow and is shown a second yellow card!!! In what's been a massively frustrating match for Barca, things get even worse as their captain heads down the tunnel!",3
"Asst: I. SarrWATFORD GOAL! VAR HAS OVERTURNED THE DECISION! It looked like the goal had been ruled out for offside, but VAR has taken a look at the goal and have decided that Sarr wasn't offside as the cross came in from the right. Therefore the goal from Dennis, which was an excellent finish at the far post, is allowed to stand and it's 1-1!",1
"A few yellow cards being issued now after the coming together, with Mings booked for his reaction to Zaha's challenge on his team-mate.",2
"Asst: EmersonBENRAHMA SCORES! United think the ball went out of play, but Soucek kept it inside the line and knocked it onto Emerson down the left. He pulls it back to Benrahma, who has a quick glance up and rifles his shot past De Gea and into the far top corner. A VAR check proved it stayed in, and the goal counts. 1-0 West Ham!",1
"Asst: J. LundstramGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BURKE PUTS SHEFFIELD UNITED BACK IN FRONT!!!!!! 2-1!!!! Out of nowhere the visitors regain the lead. Martial loses possession and it allows the Blades to break forward. Lundstram probes down the right flank and finds Burke, who sees his first shot blocked. Sheffield recycle possession and Lundstram offloads to Burke once more. He connects with a firm effort that deflects off the thigh of Tuanzebe before striking the underside of the bar and into the net.",1
ristante catches Calhanoglu with a stray arm in an aerial duel and goes into the book.,2
RED CARD! Saelemaekers receives his marching orders after pulling back Ceppitelli as he looked to break. The Milan midfielder lasted less than 10 minutes.,3
"OFF! Fred slides in hard on Herrera and is given a second yellow card by the referee. It is a harsh second yellow, but the Brazilian should have been sent off in the first half. The midfielder is given his marching orders, but he is not happy about the decision.",3
Vinicius is shown a yellow card after causing a scuffle with Savic.,2
ono reacts to the late challenge by shoving Morata and is duly booked.,2
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Mazraoui is also introduced with Kimmich making way.,0
Boateng brings down Quaison in the left-hand channel as the centre-back was perhaps unaware of the forward's presence behind him. The German defender becomes the first name in the book and the hosts have a free-kick in the left-hand channel.,2
"Asst: C. HourihaneGOOOAAALLL! Trezeguet with his second goal of the game to put Villa 2-0 ahead! McGinn whips a cross into the box, which is headed clear, but only to Hourihane, who feeds Trezeguet in the box and he pokes it past Guaita and into the back of the net from close range. Poor defending from Palace to allow Trezeguet the time to turn and pick his spot.",1
Julian DraxlerPSG · Striker #23Draxler has been involved for the final time today as his number is put up on the fourth official’s board - with newly signed full-back Mendes his replacement.,0
"IT'S A RED CARD! MAIGNAN IS SENT OFF! The referee has two looks at the monitor and makes up his mind, coming back onto the pitch and giving Maignan his marching orders. The Milan goalkeeper will now be suspended for the Juventus match, while an outfielder will have to finish the game in goal as the visitors have already used all of their substitutions!",3
"Asst: K. Toko EkambiGOAL! TINO KADEWERE HANDS LYON THE LEAD! 1-0! That is not a waste! The striker is slipped through into the same spot again, but makes no mistakes as he drills a low finish below Navas at the left post. A beautifully composed strike! PSG trail.",1
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo comes off for Camavinga at the break.,0
"CASEMIRO IS SENT OFF! This match has had just about everything as the Brazil international is given his marching orders for a second yellow card! He gives away a foul in midfield which the referee does not choose to book him for, but Casemiro then does not allow the requisite space for Michel to take the free-kick, instead blocking the delivery and kicking it away. The match official takes exception to this and books the Real Madrid player – after already showing him a yellow earlier in the match!",3
"Asst: T. HernándezGOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAL! JOVIC HAS TWO, BUT IT'S A MISTAKE FROM RADUNOVIC! Hernandez steals possession inside his own half, and perhaps forgetting his makeshift centre-back role, sets off on a trademark run upfield. He draws a defender before slipping the ball across the box for Jovic to hit on the stretch, and though it's straight at Radunovic, it squirms under his body and in for the Rossoneri's second goal!",1
sst: R. FraserCLARK EQUALISES! Ayling doesn't get tight at the corner and Clark rises above him to head in. He nods it down and Meslier can't keep it from crossing the line at the far post. 2-2!,1
"The first yellow card of the match goes the way of Chiesa, who can’t believe his luck. There appeared to be a bit of hand-fighting between the winger and Lasagna - with the Juventus player deemed the responsible party.",2
"Penalty Goal3-3!!! Finally, Brighton have their equaliser! A superb spot-kick from Mac Allister beats the brilliant Raya, as he rifles the ball into the top-right corner with an unstoppable shot! Can the Seagulls now find a winner?",1
Fernandes gets booked for a foolish shove on Evans as he attempts to prevent a quick free-kick from Leicester.,2
"Asst: T. MüllerGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 1-0 UNION BERLIN! Bayern finally have a breakthrough goal. Musiala wins a free-kick down the left which Union half-clear. Bayern keep pushing and Muller finds Musiala in the box, who skips over a challenge beautifully to slot into the bottom right corner.",1
Williams finds himself with time in Madrid's box but is quickly crowded out by three Madrid defenders. The ball winds up with Berchiche who tussles with Vazquez. Vazquez goes down after a flailing arm from Berchiche and the left-back is booked.,2
Asst: FredGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ELANGA HEADS UNITED IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!!!!!! The visitors take the lead as Elanga controls a throughball from Fred before nodding his second touch past Lossl. Fred is afforded space and time on the edge of the Brentford box and he floats a fine ball over the top for the run of Elanga. He takes a touch away from Rasmussen and wrong-foots Lossl. Elanga holds his composure to plant his effort into the back of the net to notch his first Premier League goal of the season.,1
"EMERSON IS OFF! Martinelli tried to skip past him down the right and Emerson was late getting across. He sticks out a leg, scraping his studs down Martinelli's ankle and the referee shows him a straight red card. Spurs are down to 10 men!",3
inks picks up a silly booking for kicking the ball away after a foul on Bamford.,2
"Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Chelsea lead 2-1! Willian converts from the penalty spot to send the hosts back into the lead, he sends Ederson the wrong way, placing the ball high into the net.",1
"Flavius DaniliucNice · Defender #5Lotomba replaces Daniliuc for Nice now, with the Austrian having performed admirably against Neymar at right-back.",0
"Udogie is getting away from Jota, who just sticks out a leg to clip him from behind. He's the latest player to pick up a booking.",2
"sst: L. MessiTWO GOALS IN TWO MINUTES FOR MBAPPE! 2-0! A giveaway in midfield presents the ball to the foot of Messi 20 yards away from Radu’s target, with the Argentina international immediately playing it across the face of the box. Ekitike cleverly steps over the ball as a decoy and without thinking, Mbappe immediately curls a beautiful shot that leaves the goalkeeper with no chance!",1
Asst: R. FraserWhat a goal!!! Fraser sends a cross over to the back post and Saint-Maximin is there to send a volley at goal. His right-footed effort slips underneath Fernandez to make it 3-3.,1
Marcel SabitzerBayern · Midfielder #18Marc Roca replaces Marcel Sabitzer in Bayern's fourth change of the game.,0
ubo turns away from Kroos and the German brings him down with a late challenge which earns him a yellow card.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOAL! Oyarzabal makes it 1-0 to Sociedad! Oyarzabal takes his time with the run-up before slotting the ball into the bottom left-hand corner after sending Ter Stegen the wrong way.,1
Inacio is the first player to go into the book after making a late tackle on Di Maria.,2
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9Lukaku leaves the game after finally making his mark on it. Esposito takes Lukaku's place up front with his job done.,0
ED CARD FOR RAMOS! Jesus pounces on a mistake by the Madrid back line and is through on goal. Ramos catches Jesus with his trailing leg and the Madrid captain has to go! What will that do to the complexion of this tie?,3
Alex Sandro picks up the first yellow card of the game after sliding in and catching Faraoni with a late tackle.,2
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangMarseille · Striker #10Correa replaces Aubameyang as Marseille continue to search for a goal.,0
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10Lanzini picks up a knock and is unable to continue in this game. Jarrod Bowen comes on in his place.,0
"OFF! Xhaka launches himself into a challenge with Cancelo off his feet and is dismissed by referee Atkinson. The contact appears to be minimal, but the intent was dangerous from the Arsenal man.",3
"Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Having run out of steam, Kroos trudges off, to be replaced by Camavinga.",0
Miloš PantovićVfL Bochum · Midfielder #27Bochum are making another change now as Pantovic goes off for Antwi-Adjej.,0
inks is shown yellow for running through the back of Zaha in the centre circle.,2
"Asst: W. WeghorstFRED SEALS IT! Rashford's cross is blocked by Aguerd, but he can't sort his feet out quick enough and Weghorst is there to nick it off him. He bundles it back to Fred on the edge of the box, and he fires it past Areola and into the back of the net to make sure of the win. 3-1 United!",1
"Adam LewisNewport County · Defender #3Lewis Payne comes on in Newport's first alteration of the match, and he'll replace Lewis out wide for the final 20 or so minutes here.",0
"sst: C. JonesGOAL! Firmino capitalises on a huge mistake by Costa to make it 4-1! Jones plays a long ball over the top of the Porto defence looking for Firmino, but it looks like Marcano has it under control. However, Costa decides to come out of his box and races up the pitch to try and clear it, but gets nowhere near the ball. Firmino then has an empty net to aim at and he slides the ball towards goal, which just has enough pace on it to beat Costa, who couldn't prevent it from crossing the line, despite sprinting back.",1
"Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Pulisic, who has been in great Premier League form, is Tuchel's first change as the American replaces Mount.",0
"enalty GoalGOAL! MBAPPE MAKES NO MISTAKE! Despite all of Barca’s good work, it is 1-0 PSG, with their hero from the first leg slamming a wonderful finish into the top-left corner, sending Ter Stegen the wrong way.",1
"uadrado goes into the book after hacking Joao Mario to the floor, with the referee awarding a free-kick.",2
"ED CARD! Both sets of players have completely lost their heads now, with late challenges flying in. Mallo catches Suarez late after the striker released Carrasco for his chance. The Celta skipper then squares up to Hermoso who comes charging in and the pair clash, before being separated by their team-mates. Mallo is shown a straight red card.",3
Aitor RuibalLeganes · Midfielder #19Leganes' second change sees Guerrero enter the fray in place of Ruibal.,0
Asst: P. DybalaGOALLLLL! 2-0 ROMA! What a corner from Dybala. His inswinging corner finds Kumbulla who powers in a header from close range. La Real will be disappointed as he was unmarked.,1
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Inzaghi has chosen to replace De Vrij with D'Ambrosio in a change to his back three. It remains to be seen whether that will entail a change of shape.,0
"Out of the blue, Atletico go down to 10 men! Correa shoves Catena to the ground in retaliation for a foul and sees a straight red card.",3
"Seconds after Mendez entered the referee's book, Lodi is booked for a challenge on Mallo - a very harsh decision.",2
"Asst: A. BrojaFULHAM FINALLY SCORE! Iwobi improvises to cut the Cottagers' deficit at long last: it's just 2-1 to Wolves now! With an outstretched leg, he prods the ball over Sa following Broja's flick! That's nothing but a consolation goal, though. Full-time is just moments away.",1
"Kieran TrippierNewcastle · Defender #2Four goals to the good, Newcastle now make their four first changes of the game. Tino Livramento is introduced at right-back, taking the place of the consistently brilliant Trippier.",0
"Alfie DoughtyLuton Town · Midfielder #45Doughty is also on his way off after an energetic performance on the left. He is replaced by Burke, who started the last match.",0
"sst: L. PerrinGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GAMEIRO FIRES STRASBOURG AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Gameiro latches on to a throughball behind the PSG defence and then fires past Donnarumma from a tight angle into the top-right corner. Perrin knocks a hopeful pass behind Kimpembe and Gameiro displays a turn of pace to beat the defender to the ball. He bursts into the inside-right channel before dispatching a powerful effort past Donnarumma, beating the Italian at his near post.",1
"RED CARD! Murillo is given his marching orders. Celta are down to 10 men as the substitute is sent off just 13 minutes after entering the action. Depay was about to advance into the penalty area before his intervention, and he was the last man.",3
Francisco TrincãoWolves · Midfielder #11Neto returns from a minor foot injury to replace Trincao in the final quarter-hour of the match.,0
"Asst: M. KjærgaardGOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! 1-1!! SALZBURG EQUALISE! Simic latches onto a long ball in behind the Inter defence and controls superbly. He tees up Kjaergaard just outside the penalty area, but the midfielder shows excellent composure to spot the run of Gloukh. The young forward receives the pass inside the box and dispatches it beyond Sommer and into the back of the net. A fantastic team goal from the Austrian side!",1
Beermann is shown yellow for dissent after arguing with the referee about the yellow card that had just been shown to Griesbeck.,2
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Here are those Atletico changes. Suarez replaces the hardworking Lemar.,0
"sst: O. ZubkovGOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!!! Never say die from Shakhtar!!! Switching the play from right to left and back again, Zubkov whips a teasing ball into the area with numbers arriving. Eguinaldo is one of those, and the Brazilian times his jump to perfection, beating Lopez with a bullet header into the bottom corner and locking the scoreboard up at 2-2!!! We thought there'd be goals - but certainly not in this fashion!!",1
"AKA STRIKES EARLY ON! A move begun by Raya sees Arsenal sweep upfield at speed, and after Martinelli cuts inside from the right and has a shot saved by Leno, the former Gunners goalkeeper watches on as Saka turns the rebound home from close range! That's no more than the visitors deserve for shooting out of the traps so quickly: 1-0 to Arsenal!",1
"E'S OFF!!! Things go from bad to worse for Barcelona as Araujo is shown a second yellow card. Another challenge on Vinicius leaves the Brazilian on the deck, and it's enough to warrant a second booking of the game for the Uruguayan!",3
"Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp's goal looks to have wrapped up the three points for Palace, he is substituted and his replacement is Sako.",0
Hysaj is the latest player to go into the book following a late challenge on Pessina deep inside the hosts’ half.,2
"Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Pioli turns to his bench first, handing Calabria a rest for the final 30 minutes. Florenzi replaces him at right-back as Hernandez takes the captain's armband.",0
"MAEDA IS SENT OFF!!! Things get worse for Celtic as the lively Maeda is given his marching orders for the challenge on Hermoso. His foot is high, but there does not seem to be much contact. It is a harsh one, and the visitors are now right up against it.",3
"Defrel is shown a yellow card after bringing down Alex Sandro, who was trying to start a counter-attack for Juve.",2
or his latest foul on Vinicius - this time a slight tug on the Brazilian's shirt - Foyth is shown a yellow card for repeat offending.,2
sst: A. OnanaGOOOOALLLL!! MCNEIL AT THE DOUBLE!! 5-1! What a finish from McNeil and Everton have five! As he's done all game it's a fantastic burst down the left into the box. He has Iwobi in the box but instead goes on the outside of Gross before rifling in an emphatic strike into the near post. What a performance from the Everton winger.,1
RED CARD FOR NEYMAR! The Brazilian is dismissed for a second bookable offence after retaliating to a couple of nibbles from Djalo.,3
"ED CARD!!! Verratti wins the ball and plays it down the line for Messi, but he's clumsily scythed down by Pavard right on the edge of the box! It's not quite a penalty, but is certainly a yellow card, and Pavard's second of the game means he's off!",3
"Mateo KovačićMan City · Midfielder #8City make their second change, with Phillips replacing Kovacic in midfield as the visitors prepare to take a corner from the left.",0
Montiel waves an imaginary card in the direction of the referee following Gordon's challenge. The full-back is subsequently shown one for his troubles.,2
ED CARD! Fiorillo is sent off with a matter of minutes remaining for violent conduct on Florenzi. He didn't get onto the pitch but sees red from the referee.,3
"Moumbagna takes Stepanenko out of the defensive equation with a glorious turn on halfway, but he's then dragged back by Konoplia and the Shakhtar full-back is shown a yellow card by the referee.",2
Daizen MaedaCeltic · Midfielder #38Bernabei comes on for Maeda as Celtic look to get back in this.,0
Lucas HernándezPSG · Defender #21A change at the back for PSG sees Danilo replace Hernandez.,0
"Asst: P. GroßGOOOOOAAAAALLL! FERGUSON WITH THE OPENER! Brighton's dominance pays off as Ferguson strokes the ball past Leno from the edge of the box. Reed's loose pass is cut out by Igor, who advances over halfway before finding Gross. He slips a neat pass into the feet of Ferguson, who turns and finds the bottom-left corner with a lovely side-footed finish!",1
Baleba catches McAtee late and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21Solskjaer is making a double change now and James is the first to make way as Greenwood replaces him.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Final changes for Milan now. Rebic is coming on in place of Leao.,0
"Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Arteta makes an alteration on the left-hand side of attack, with Trossard coming on to replace him.",0
"och is all over Coufal as he tries to get to Robles' long ball forward, and the Leeds defender is shown a yellow card late on for the foul.",2
"Now Chelsea pick up another soft booking, with Gusto seeing yellow for kicking the ball away.",2
RED CARD! Savic loses all composure and is shown a second yellow card as he takes Camavinga out with a sliding challenge.,3
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Nathan Jones turns to his bench for the first time in this second half with a triple change. First off is Lavia who is replaced by Aribo in midfield.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Striker #10Milan turn straight to the bench. Okafor replaces Leao.,0
"sst: J. FélixGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SUAREZ SCORES!!! 3-0!!!! The Uruguayan puts Atletico three goals to the good. He latches on to a precise offload from Felix and stays behind the last defender Fali. He strikes low and hard on his left foot towards the bottom-right corner, beating the hand of Ledesma to find the back of the net. The referee initially disallows the goal for offside, but after a VAR check he awards the goal, much to the delight of the Atletico forward.",1
"ND HE'S OFF! Not only has the referee pointed to the spot and awarded Real Madrid a penalty, but David Garcia is given his marching orders 12 minutes from time! Osasuna down to 10 men!",3
"Gnonto is still protesting that Firpo was fouled before he handled the ball, and he crosses a line which sees him go into the referee's book.",2
"Asst: L. MessiPSG OPEN THE SCORING! 1-0! It has taken less than 10 minutes for the champions to go ahead in their first league match of the season as Sarabia drives to the byline before cutting a cross back to the edge of the 18-yard box. Messi meets it with a deft touch to flick it to Neymar, who slots it into the corner of the goal!",1
Stefan BajčetićLiverpool · Defender #43And Gomez also comes on in place of Bajcetic.,0
EDERSON IS SENT OFF! It's a long ball over the top from Coady to Jota and he gets away from Otamendi and is one-on-one with the goalkeeper. Ederson comes out of his box quickly to close him down but catches Jota without getting near the ball and the referee shows him a straight red card. City down to 10 men!,3
Florenzi is the latest player to be booked after a sloppy challenge near the halfway line.,2
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8Another change for Bournemouth as Dan Gosling comes on against his former club to replace Lerma.,0
"ETZ ARE DOWN TO 10! Things are going from bad to worse for the visitors here! It's a late challenge from Traore on Neymar, with the midfielder catching him on the shin with his studs. He was booked in the first half, so he's shown a second yellow before being sent down the tunnel.",3
RED CARD12'Red card for Ruben Vargas (Augsburg). The original decision is confirmed by a VAR review.,3
Abiama fouls Davies near the touchline and earns himself an immediate yellow card.,2
"Areola's shown a yellow card for that foul, with only the presence of Aguerd in the box preventing the colour of that card from being red.",2
sst: S. Milinković-SavićGOAL! LAZIO 1-0 INTER! Milinkovic-Savic floats an excellent high throughball into Inter's box. Felipe Anderson runs in behind Dimarco to nod past Handanovic who's caught in no man's land. It's first blood to Lazio!,1
"HE'S OFF!!!! A loose Cucurella pass from the corner gives Barnes a chance to streak clear, but he's taken out by Gallagher and hits the deck! It's a yellow card all day long, and Gallagher's second, which means the young Chelsea midfielder is sent off!",3
"WILLIAN IS OFF! The referee is left with no choice but to also show a red card to Willian after denying a clear goal-scoring opportunity with his hand on the line. He's shaking his head in disbelief, but he can't argue with that.",3
lahovic has only been on for a matter of minutes but goes into the book after putting his hand around the face of Diomande when challenging for the ball.,2
"IT’S A RED CARD FOR MODRIC! REAL MADRID ARE INCENSED! The VAR review shows that Modric’s challenge is deemed violent play, and the referee produces a red card very quickly! With just over 30 minutes remaining, the visitors are reduced to 10 men!",3
Asst: N. MendyWHAT A GOAL!!!!! MADDISON SURELY WINS THE GAME FOR LEICESTER WITH A SUPER EFFORT!!!! 4-1!!! Leicester score their fourth of the afternoon and Maddison surely secures the three points at the Etihad Stadium curling a wonder strike past Ederson.Mendy  wins possession from Walker and feeds Maddison on the left flank and he runs at the City backline. He is afforded space and time and curls a peach of an effort over Ederson's outstretched hand into the top-right corner.,1
"Trippier swings the corner in and Maignan comes a long way out to claim it, crashing into Joelinton in the process. He's furious that the Brazilian doesn't get a booking, even though there wasn't much in it, and the keeper is booked for his reaction.",2
"Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Another Liverpool change now, with Henderson coming off and he has been replaced in midfield by Thiago.",0
"Mathias NormannNorwich City · Midfielder #16Normann also makes way, with Gilmour on in his place.",0
"sst: L. SanéGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LEWANDOWSKI TAPS HOME!!!!! 3-0 BAYERN!! The German side surely secure the win this evening as the Pole converts an offload from Sane, tapping home into an empty net. Bayern open up Benfica down the right flank and Gnabry's cross finds its way into the feet of Sane. He turns past Otamendi with a slice of luck and then spots an unmarked Lewandowski at the back post. The forward makes no mistake with his finish.",1
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluPERISIC SCORES! Calhanoglu whips another good corner into the box and Perisic has peeled away at the back of the crowd. He's completely unmarked and his low volley cuts through the crowd and into the bottom corner before Maignan can react. 1-0 Inter!,1
"Asst: J. MaehleATALANTA LEAD! Malinovskyi strikes! With typical aplomb, the Ukrainian midfielder sweeps home a powerful left-footed effort from the edge of the box, and Atalanta go 1-0 up against their local rivals! He received the ball from Maehle and made absolutely no mistake - Maignan was left floundering!",1
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Diego Simeone clearly isn't happy with his side's display so far and he makes an early substitution: Lemar departs with De Paul taking his place in midfield.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Youngster Yildiz is also introduced with Locatelli making way.,0
Gabriele ZappaCagliari · Defender #25That is Zappa's final act as he is replaced by Pavoletti.,0
"Anguissa makes a tactical foul in the final moments of the game, bringing down Fagioli who was breaking forward. He is given a yellow card.",2
"After checking the monitor, the referee has gone back over the Perrin and showed him a red card for the challenge on Mbappe. St-Etienne are down to 10 men!",3
"Ndidi picks up the first yellow card of the day for what seemed like a fairly innocuous challenge, but the referee deems it to be cynical.",2
ubeldia is late with his challenge on Joao Felix and he's the latest player to go into the referee's book.,2
Frabotta catches Rispoli with a pretty poor challenge and is rightly cautioned. The Juve substitute has no complaints.,2
Tanganga is booked after a cynical foul on Ritchie inside the Newcastle half.,2
"Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Skipp gets a couple of minutes for Spurs, replacing Winks.",0
"endy's header puts Ake in trouble and the centre-back hacks down Bamford with a late tackle in the left-hand channel. Unsurprisingly, Ake becomes the first name in Marriner's book.",2
"Asst: T. AwoniyiFOREST GO IN FRONT! Under pressure from Danilo, Caicedo loses the ball deep in midfield, presenting it to Awoniyi. The big striker stays composed to roll the ball back into Danilo's path on the right side of the area, and the latter's low shot finds the bottom-left corner! A great show of character from Cooper's men - they now lead 2-1!",1
"Cyriel DessersCremonese · Striker #90Substitution for Cremonese. Dessers has come close to scoring, recently hitting the post, but his game is now over. He is replaced by Afena-Gyan.",0
"Jack CorkBurnley · Midfielder #4Late double substitution by Burnley, the first change sees Cork come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Brownhill.",0
"Edson Alvarez throws the ball away to prevent City from taking a quick free-kick, and is booked.",2
"Luis RiojaAlavés · Midfielder #11Rioja’s goal has Alaves in position to earn a point, but his match is over as he’s replaced by Garcia.",0
"enalty GoalGOOOALLLL! PALACE TAKE THE LATE LEAD! Milivojevic stepped up coolly from the spot, and slotted his right-footed shot into the back of the net, as he so frequently does! Surely that's won it for Palace! Newcastle United 0-1 Crystal Palace",1
Union are unhappy after Nianzou slides in late on Promel. Niazou's booked and gives his opponent an apologetic pat on the chest.,2
"sst: A. FlorenziGOOOAAALLL!!! LOFTUS-CHEEK PUTS MILAN AHEAD!!! They have been wasteful so far in this game, but Loftus-Cheek absolutely buries this one. Florenzi curls a brilliant cross in from the right, and Loftus-Cheek does superbly to flick it on towards the far corner, giving Mandanda no chance and putting the hosts 1-0 up!",1
"NTER DOWN TO 10! Within moments of hauling themselves back into the tie, Sanchez lunges recklessly into a challenge with Thiago, earning himself a second booking. The former Manchester United man is sent off at Anfield!",3
"Ricardo RodriguezTorino · Defender #13Torino's latest change is a triple one. Rodriguez is the first to go off, with Vojvoda on for him.",0
TALANTA GO DOWN TO 10 MEN!! Second-half substitute Toloi is sent off! He hauls back Sanchez midway through Atalanta's half and is immediately shown his second yellow card since arriving from the bench! Could that kill off La Dea's hopes of retrieving something from this match?,3
"ED CARD! Carvajal is shown a second yellow and then a red card after a dangerous tackle on Sociedad left-back Munoz. Ever since he was carded for dissent, Carvajal struggled to keep a lid on his emotions, and he has taken one risk too many. He overstretched and lunged into a challenge on Munoz, and he will now watch the rest of the match from the dressing room.",3
Asst: J. MusialaMANE SCORES! Diaby is caught on the ball inside his own half and Musiala quickly latches onto it. He picks out Mane inside the D and he takes a touch before drilling a low shot past Hradecky and into the near bottom corner. 3-0 Bayern!,1
"Mateo MusacchioLazio · Defender #37Lazio are making a change here and it's Musacchio, whose mistake led to Bayern's first goal, that makes way for Lulic.",0
"Asst: J. MilnerGOOOOAAALLL!!! WHAT A STRIKE! This is superb from the returning Estupinan. He puts his foot through the ball from a good 25-30 yards out and the ball does all sorts in the air - it swerves, it dips, it goes this way and that - and ultimately ends with Vicario failing to get anything to it. 3-0!",1
"ED CARD FOR KRSTOVIC! HE’S OFF! The referee takes absolutely no time in making up his mind, showing the Lecce striker a straight red card for leaping during an aerial duel and lifting his leg far too high, catching Chukwueze on the shoulder with his studs. The striker doesn’t look to be protesting the decision too ferociously, seemingly accepting his fate. Lecce are down to 10 men!",3
"ED CARD! Taremi is sent off! After Marega was adjudged to have fouled Demiral while competing for an aerial ball, Taremi fires the ball forward after the whistle had gone. The Juventus players surround the referee, and he goes to his pocket to show the Porto striker a second yellow card.",3
Nemanja MatićRoma · Midfielder #8Zalewski replaces Matic as Roma's fourth substitute of the match.,0
"ollowing a quick VAR check, Niakate's booking for hacking down Behrens is overturned, and the referee flashes a red card in the defender's direction! He has his marching orders, and Braga are one man down before the break!",3
Benjamin MendyMan City · Midfielder #22The final change for City sees Benjamin Mendy making way for Zinchenko.,0
"Asst: E. NketiahGOOOAAALLL!!! GAME OVER!!! Havertz surely makes the points safe with a fine finish! A sweeping Arsenal counter sees Odegaard find Nketiah. With options to his left and right, Nketiah picks the right one by sliding the ball into the path of Havertz. The Germany international strides towards goal before dinking over the goalkeeper and in to make it 2-0 to Arsenal!",1
"CarvalhoBraga · Midfielder #18Shuffling his pack following Niakate's dismissal, Artur Jorge withdraws Vitor Carvalho and sends on a centre-back, Serdar Saatci.",0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Gagliardini heads off too. Sensi gets to come on for the last few minutes of this match.,0
"enalty GoalWILSON SCORES AGAIN! He had to wait a long time to take it as Leeds did their best to put him off, but it didn't matter! Last time, he went low into the bottom corner, but this one is fired straight down the middle and into the roof of the net. The keeper went the saw way as last time, but gets nowhere near this one. 2-1 Newcastle!",1
Casemiro catches Zaha late and receives a yellow card that rules him out of United's blockbuster clash with Arsenal this weekend.,2
"Asst: L. DíazGOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! GAKPO MAKES THE POINTS SAFE FOR LIVERPOOL! The visitors have four, and yet again, it's poor defending from Collins. He fails to deal with a long ball down the right channel, then there's another error as Ghoddos allows Diaz's pass to slip under his boot and reach Gakpo. He makes no mistake when bearing down on Flekken, opening up his body to finish on his left foot – 4-1!",1
Troy DeeneyWatford · Striker #9Watford make their first change now and it's Deeney making way for Welbeck.,0
"est Ham break at speed after Fornals turns Calusic to set Paqueta away in midfield. Benrahma's final cross goes behind for a goal-kick, but the referee comes back to show the TSC defender a yellow card.",2
"For the last in a number of aggressive challenges in the closing stages, Longstaff receives a yellow card.",2
"Asst: C. LengletGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! Barca make it two!!!! Gaviria slaloms through Elche's midfield, and sidesteps their defence, before knocking an effort from the edge of the box past Badia's outstretched glove and into the bottom left-hand corner! What a night this is becoming for the next generation of Barca stars!",1
"sst: S. TonaliCOMETH THE HOUR, COMETH GIROUD! 2-1! It’s a splendid finish from Giroud, who springs forward at the back post with added aplomb to acrobatically turn Tonali’s cross past Dragowski with a left-footed volley!",1
Rothwell receives the first yellow card of the contest for a late challenge on Maddison.,2
"Young's under pressure from Maddison in his own box and looks to turn him. A risky move, and he is caught by Maddison, who is yellow carded for the mistimed challenge.",2
PULISIC SCORES! Jorginho pokes the ball out to Saul on the left and he plays a low cross into the middle. Tarkowski can only poke it back towards goal in his attempts to block it and Pulisic is left with a close-range tap-in. 4-0 Chelsea!,1
"Mattia ZaccagniLazio · Striker #20The hosts make a fifth change, with Pedro on for Zaccagni.",0
"sst: A. DoughtyLUTON LEVEL!!! It's 2-2 at Kenilworth Road! What a comeback from the Hatters! A typically precise delivery from Doughty's right-wing free-kick finds Morris, who then slots the ball into the bottom corner, sending the Luton fans wild with delight! That sets up a grandstand finale now!",1
Eriksen is shown yellow for dragging back Zaha who was trying to launch a counter. That's now four Tottenham players on a yellow card.,2
"RED CARD FOR BILLING! Bournemouth are down to 10 men. With Hudson-Odoi threatening to race away on the counter, Billing looks to stop him in his tracks and stamps down on the back of the Forest winger's Achilles. Although the contact appeared to be accidental, it was dangerous and the referee shows him a straight red card.",3
Asst: J. AlbaGOAL! REAL MADRID 2-1 BARCELONA! Mingueza pulls a goal back for Barca! Barca keep the ball in play down their left. Alba sends the cross in and Mingueza meets it unmarked to thump it in.,1
"RED CARD! Danilo blocks off the run of Juwara and receives his second booking. The Brazilian is incredulous, but he has to make his way off the field.",3
"Sheffield United are down a man! Egan picks up a second yellow as he pulls on Joelinton's shirt, with the pair chasing a ball towards the Newcastle box. The referee doesn't hesitate after the striker tumbles to the turf and that's the defender's game. Newcastle have a huge chance now!",3
"CITY ARE DOWN TO 10!! Rodri and Gibbs-White clash in the corner, and the City midfielder appears to grab at his throat, sending the Forest man tumbling to the turf. The referee sprints over to separate the pair, before brandishing a red card to Rodri. There will be a VAR check, though, to rule whether the sending-off will stand...",3
RED CARD! Verdon is sent off for Ludogorets after he stamps on Zalewski!,3
Gonzalez prevents Kessie from potentially countering and receives the game's first yellow card.,2
abrera is the next man cautioned for a clear block on Roberto. Espanyol need to regain their composure.,2
Laporte is given City's first booking of ther match for a foul on Sowah.,2
"Jadon SanchoDortmund · Midfielder #10Sancho has picked up a knock and limps off the field with his goal still the difference in both the game and the tie, and club legend Marco Reus will enter the fray to see out the final 15 minutes.",0
RED CARD! Wow that seems harsh. Raul Garcia's game is over after just 14 minutes after he is booked for another challenge on Kroos. Neither seemed overly cynical nor were they committed in a dangerous area.,3
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18Casemiro was fortunate to not receive his marching orders before the break and the midfielder also comes off for McTominay.,0
"Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14With the game won, Klopp makes a quadruple change. Bajcetic replaces Henderson.",0
Bakery JattaHamburger SV · Midfielder #18That's Jatta's last action of the game. The Swiss midfielder Muheim comes on for Hamburg.,0
"Yep, there are no complaints from Jonny. The full-back - scorer of Wolves' first goal - knew it was coming, he was practically going off before Salisbury had even checked it. He's not a dirty player, but it was an awfully timed challenge and Ayling is lucky not to have suffered more damage in truth.",3
"The argument between D'Ambrosio and Paredes continue through the full-time whistle, with the two pushing and shoving inside Inter's penalty area. Despite the match being effectively over, the referee has gone over to show D'Ambrosio a straight red card.",3
"RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo's dribbling skills set up the first goal, and he comes off for a player with those in abundance, in the form of one Eden Hazard.",0
Abdoulaye DoucouréEverton · Midfielder #16Sigurdsson replaces Doucoure for the visitors in the middle of the park.,0
"The first yellow card of the game is shown to Xhaka after a cynical challenge on Saint-Maximin, lashing out and kicking him from behind.",2
"Asst: D. JotaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH DRILLS LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Jota finds Salah on this occasion and the forward makes no mistake burying his left-footed strike past Pasveer. Jota makes a good run and draws in defenders to open up space for Salah. He finds Salah with a good pass, allowing the Egypt international to take one touch before firing into the bottom-right corner.",1
"enalty GoalGOALLL! RAMOS SCORES! 6-0 PSG! Ramos won the penalty and takes responsibility from the spot. He takes a short run-up before thumping his effort into the top-left corner, with Garica diving the other way.",1
Davide FrattesiSassuolo · Midfielder #16Another change for Sassuolo as Frattesi makes way for Toljan.,0
"Ferri catches Paredes with a late tackle midway inside the visitors’ half, and he is shown a yellow card. He can have no complaints with that decision.",2
ED CARD FOR DJALO! The Lille defender is also given his marching orders for provoking Neymar's reaction with those challenges.,3
"Asst: V. JúniorGOALLL! JOSELU SCORES AGAIN! 2-0 MADRID! Clincal finish from Joselu. Mendy plays a pass inside to Vinicius, who drives inside from the left before playing a pass into the feet of Joselu on the edge of the box. He touches the ball past Alderete before driving a low shot into the bottom-right corner.",1
"Aaron HickeyBrentford · Defender #2Hickey, who was beaten for Zaha's goal, is next off. Ghoddos ventures on for Brentford.",0
Manuel Alejandro García SánchezAlavés · Midfielder #19Alaves make their second change as Garcia is replaced by Guidetti. Less than 10 minutes to go.,0
"Goncalo Ramos catches Marquinhos in the face as the two contest Vlachodimos' goal-kick, and the Benfica striker is given a yellow card by the referee.",2
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Frenchman Giroud replaces Abraham up top for the visitors as Lampard makes his second change of the game.,0
Guaita dawdles and is booked for time-wasting. Not long left to go now.,2
Davies receives a yellow card following his elbow on Margreitter.,2
"enalty GoalGOAL! 2-2 BAYERN! Lewandowski steps up and makes no mistake from the spot, dispatching the penalty kick past Jarstein. Hertha may have a long last half hour in store.",1
"VENEZIA DOWN TO 10! It's gone from bad to worse for the hosts! The referee had a perfect view of the whole thing, and he's called Svoboda across to show him a straight red card for the handball which denied the goalscoring opportunity.",3
PSG DOWN TO 10! It's an awful challenge from Gueye as he went in on the back of Gundogan and caught him with his studs getting nowhere near the ball and the referee shows him a straight red card.,3
"Dani RodríguezMallorca · Midfielder #14Mallorca are making a double change, with both changes coming down their left side. Rodriguez is the first to go off, with Darder replacing him.",0
"ross' corner is attacked by Dunk. The ball runs loose and the centre-back, in an attempt to keep the attack alive, lunges in on Cahill two-footed and is rightly dismissed. There was no malice in the challenge, but he left the floor and has to go.",3
e Paul catches Ronaldo with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
And Roberto is also booked for starting the pushing around in the first place.,2
"Second yellow, and Matheus is OFF! A shove on Webster from the Wolves winger leads to a scuffle between himself, Estupinan and Dunk, with the referee quickly intervening to calm tensions before giving Matheus his marching orders via a second yellow card!",3
Andrea PetagnaCagliari · Striker #32That will be Petagna's last involvement here as Ranieri turns to his bench. Pereiro replaces the former Napoli man in attack.,0
"fter the fracas is cleared up, the referee brandishes the red card and shows it to Success - leaving Udinese with 10 men for the remainder of the match.",3
"Penalty GoalIT'S 3-3 AT STAMFORD BRIDGE!!! A fitting conclusion to what has been a chaotic encounter! Palmer again sends Onana the wrong way from 12 yards, slotting his second penalty into the bottom-right corner! That brings Chelsea level on 100 minutes, after they'd thrown away a two-goal advantage!",1
"IRPO IS OFF! Schar plays another brilliant long ball over the top and Gordon is running onto it. Firpo gets tight to him, clumsily clipping his heels to take off his boot and give away a free-kick to the right of the D. Gordon was the last man, and it looks to be a straight red, despite the Spaniard having already been booked. Leeds have to play six added minutes with 10 men!",3
"Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Atletico make a triple change following the goal, with Correa the first to come off and he has been replaced by Suarez.",0
"ANOTHER RED CARD! IT'S 10 AGAINST 10 HERE! Souza is shown a second yellow card for Espanyol in the aftermath of a foul on Lewandowski, which provoked a chaotic confrontation between both teams! Espanyol have squandered their numerical advantage!",3
"fter a VAR review, Sule's yellow card, which he was shown on the pitch, has been changed to a red card! The referee must have considered Sule to have been the last man but it seemed Kimmich was close enough to prevent a goal-scoring opportunity. That doesn't matter though as Bayern are now reduced to 10-men!",3
Douglas CostaJuventus · Striker #11Costa has gone down injured on the edge of the box and he instantly signals that he can't carry on. He comes off with the medical team and Ramsey is on to replace him.,0
"Matheus mis-controls the ball on the edge of the box and Pedro races away with it, before being stopped in his tracks by Kilman who is shown a booking for the blatant shove on the Brazilian.",2
hite catches Rashford with a late lunge and goes into the book.,2
"Red card! As Neymar is taken from the field, the referee returns and dismisses Mendes, deeming his challenge to have been worthy of a straight sending-off. There's a little grumble - were Neymar not having to leave prone on a stretcher, he might have escaped with a yellow - but no-one is really complaining.",3
"Morelos just about holds onto the ball on the left flank, and Bellingham comes sliding in with a committed tackle. The ball rolls behind for a corner as Bellingham protests the decision. He goes into the referee's book for his protestations.",2
"DIALLO IS OFF! After picking up a booking for preventing a quick Liverpool free-kick earlier, the goalscorer took his shirt off in celebration to show it to the crowd. He doesn't seem to care too much as he's given a second yellow card, and United will see out the last couple of minutes with 10 men!",3
"DEGAARD!!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The visitors are off to a flier at Bramall Lane. Arsenal make their early pressure count and a neat move culminates in Martinelli threading the ball through into the area for Rice. The latter shows great awareness to pull it back into the centre, where an unmarked Odegaard arrives to tuck home from eight yards out.",1
"aving taken down the fast-escaping Pulisic in the centre-circle, Trippier receives a merited yellow card.",2
"Rafael LeãoMilan · Striker #10Looking for some defensive stability late on in proceedings, Pioli replaces Leao with Musah with one minute left to go.",0
Achraf HakimiPSG · Defender #2Hakimi is given an early rest with PSG making a number of changes. Mukiele is chosen to see out the remainder.,0
"RED CARD! After checking the monitor, Mendez is sent off after a high tackle on Busquets. He stood on the ankle of the Barcelona man after going late into a challenge.",3
"Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Saelemaekers is replaced by Messias in attack after a good display, capped off by the equalising goal.",0
Bakker pushes Savanier to the floor as the hosts’ midfielder looks to waste time from a throw-in. The PSG defender is booked for his involvement in the clash.,2
"ED CARD KONSA! What is the Villa man doing? Meslier catches Digne's terrible corner, and the Villa defender blocks the Frenchman from releasing the ball for a Leeds counter. Konsa had already been booked, and is deservedly sent off.",3
"OFF! As expected, Lens' ill discipline finally results in the visitors going down to 10 men! Guilavogui catches Boscagli with a mistimed challenge and picks up his second booking since arriving from the bench!",3
"ow Daniliuc is booked, with the defender seeing yellow too. The referee is getting a little liberal with his cards.",2
"KRISTENSEN EQUALISES! They win their first corner of the second half and it's very scruffy as two shots are blocked and Newcastle can't clear their lines. It bounces out to Kristensen on the edge of the box, who takes his time before volleying a shot just inside the near post, with a big deflection off Trippier completely catching out Pope. 2-2!",1
"ause avoids trouble, but the closeness to goal of Konsa's foul sees him given a red card by the referee instead!! It looks harsh given there was minimal contact, but he was the last man and the Villa defender can have few complaints!",3
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #17Chiesa is sent in for Kostic with just under 30 minutes remaining.,0
"SAVIC IS OFF! It was an off-the-ball incident that escalated very quickly! Savic dispossessed Torres but then started grappling with the forward on the floor. He was holding him down, grabbing him around the neck and then he pushes Torres away before the referee shows him a straight red. Atletico are down to 10!",3
E'S GONE! It's a second red card of the game as Norwich go down to 10 - Godfrey's sent off for a really poor challenge on Wilson. He slides in late with his studs up and catches Wilson on the ankle - it's been upgraded to a red following a check on the pitchside monitor.,3
"Lemar steps across to try and win the ball off Guti, but steps on his foot and is shown the first yellow card of the game.",2
RED CARD86'Red card for Jack Stephens (Southampton). The original decision is confirmed by a VAR review.,3
"IBRAHIMOVIC HAS BEEN SENT OFF! Well, out of nothing, Inter have been given a lifeline. Milan’s goalscorer and the difference-maker in this match so far has received his second booking, having gone in on Kolarov. It appeared very harsh, with Kolarov seemingly clipping his own heels, but it has fooled the referee and now it’s advantage Inter!",3
"Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10A first change of the match goes the way of Milan, who replace Diaz with Saelemaekers.",0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Bissouma replaces Bentancur for the visitors for the final 15 minutes.,0
"Kessie is booked during the celebrations of that game-sealing goal, likely for dissent over the awarding of the penalty.",2
"Early yellow card is shown to Ayew, after he stops the visitors from taking a free-kick quickly, a blatant block to try and stop the Fulham counter-attack. He also follows through and catches Seri, a silly booking to pick up.",2
All these changes have disrupted any momentum this game had. Sarr picks up the game's first yellow card for a bad tackle on Ryerson.,2
"Asst: J. MolinaGGOAAAAALLLL - GRANADA 1-1 ATLETICO - Granada draw level thanks to a sublime long-distance effort from Machis. The Granada winger picked up possession near the touchline before gliding his way infield. Rather than go for goal straight away, he decided to try and move more centrally. That decision paid dividends, as Atletico failed to close him down, and he punished them with a beautiful curling shot into the top corner.",1
"E'S OFF! Milner is shown a second yellow card and then receives his marching orders after his late challenge on Zaha. The winger just gets to the ball before Milner and the right-back was already committed to the challenge, a clear foul and booking.",3
"ED CARD! Mings receives his second booking in six minutes and he is given his marching orders! Initially, the centre-back had failed to deal with Palace's first long ball and then, in his attempts to recover, he drags down Zaha near the halfway line, leaving referee Taylor with no option but to issue a second yellow card.",3
"it Nouri is first called for a foul on Livramento on the touchline, before venting his frustration in the direction of the referee. It’s a yellow card for the Wolves wing-back; the first booking of the match.",2
"Asst: O. GiroudGOALLLL! JOVIC SCORES! 2-2! Milan are level! Chukwueze gets onto a loose ball, allowing the away side to recycle possession on the right. Calabria then sends a cross into the middle, with Giroud heading it across to Jovic. The substitute swings a leg at the ball, sending his effort across the goal and into the far corner.",1
Martinez took his shirt off for his celebration and he's the first player to go into the referee's book.,2
Timo WernerChelsea · Striker #11Werner would have liked a goal today but he will have to settle for an assist. Hudson-Odoi is the player to replace him.,0
"Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11There will be no hat-trick for Salah, as he also departs and Firmino is his replacement.",0
It's getting a bit testy now. Vrsaljko is shown the first yellow card of the night for elbowing Vallejo as they contested a high ball in the centre circle.,2
"James Ward-ProwseSouthampton · Midfielder #8The Southampton faithful are given one last chance to show their appreciation for Ward-Prowse, who makes way three minutes before injury time. Amo-Ameyaw is given an opportunity to play.",0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Dimarco is withdrawn after his assist and is replaced by Carlos Augusto.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11PSG are making a change after the sending off and it's Di Maria that's making way for Danilo.,0
RED CARD! Marcelo is sent off. Elche hit Madrid on the break again as Mojica slips Morente clean through! Marcelo manages to trip the attacker before he can reach the box and the referee shows no hesitation in showing a red card.,3
"Cala is all over Hazard as he looks to move forward, and pulls him back via his shirt. The referee books the Cadiz defender, arguably a little later than he already should have.",2
"Leonardo BonucciJuventus · Defender #19As we enter the final 15 minutes of normal time, Pirlo brings on De Ligt for Bonucci. It remains 2-1 on the night.",0
"ED CARD FOR BURNLEY! Lowton arrives late on Chambers and takes the Villa centre-back out. It's a nasty tackle on first viewing, albeit one made more in desperation than malice. VAR watches it back a few times and agrees with the referee's decision to send the Burnley substitute off.",3
Iyayi Believe AtiemwenSheriff · Striker #80Atiemwen comes off the pitch for Covali for the final few minutes.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Midfielder #26Torres replaces Mahrez in the final third.,0
RED CARD!! Almeida receives his marching orders for handball in the penalty area as the home team appear to be coming apart at the seams.,3
Antonio SanabriaTorino · Striker #19Belotti comes on to replace goalscorer Sanabria for the final few minutes.,0
Szymanski goes into the referee's book after fouling El Shaarawy from behind.,2
Ghoddos receives a yellow card for hacking down Willock with a really poor challenge.,2
"OFF! Felipe perhaps was lucky to remain on the field in the first half, but now is sent off. He catches Foden on his follow-through and has to go. Felipe does not walk off quietly and vents his frustration to the referee. Eventually, the defender is ushered away by his team-mates.",3
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Fernandinho is on for Rodri for the final quarter of the game.,0
"Asst: O. DembéléAUBAMEYANG!!! 3-0 BARCA! What a start to the second half by the hosts. Less than two minutes after the restart, Barca may well have just sealed the points. Dembele darts into the area and picks out Aubameyang, who sweeps home number three.",1
Filippo MelegoniGenoa · Midfielder #24Melegoni is replaced in midfield by Portanova.,0
"Ruslan MalinovskyiAtalanta · Striker #18Likewise, Malinovskiy, who has somewhat impressed, is brought off for the ever-dangerous Josip Ilicic.",0
"Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Ralph Hasenhuttl reacts immediately to falling behind, as the ineffective Adams is brought off for Broja.",0
Ahmedhodzic is booked for protesting the referee’s decision to award Chelsea a free-kick inside their own penalty area after a foul from Hamer on Caicedo.,2
"Asst: J. TasendeGOOOOALLLLL!!!! Leipzig equalise, and it's fully deserved!!! Angelino advances down the left into the box, and smashes a teasing cross past the trailing PSG defenders into the path of Silva. The Portugal striker makes no mistake this time and smashes the ball beyond Navas and into the roof of the net! 1-1, and we have one hell of a game on our hands here in Paris!!!",1
Jérémy DokuMan City · Midfielder #11Doku is the man Guardiola chooses to sacrifice as Phillips comes on to fill the gap created by Rodri's dismissal.,0
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Kimmich comes off for Fukui in a double switch.,0
"Nuno MendesPSG · Midfielder #25PSG also make an alteration at left-back, as Mendes is replaced by Juan Bernat.",0
Asst: C. JonesGOAL! SADIO MANE HEADS LIVERPOOL INTO THE LEAD! 1-0! It's taken just over 180 seconds but the Reds are on the front foot. Jones is played in down the right edge and he lofts a lovely cross in to the edge of the six-yard area. Villa's markers get their placement wrong and the striker nudges neatly in at the near post past Onodi.,1
"Florian NeuhausMönchengladbach · Midfielder #10Already on a yellow card, Seoane protects Neuhaus by recalling him to the bench, with Kone set to take his place.",0
"Matías SouléJuventus · Midfielder #30Substitution for Juventus. It comes on the right wing, with Chiesa replacing Soule.",0
"CHALOBAH IS OFF! VAR had a long look at the replays before the referee went over himself. He took his time looking at the replays before coming to his decision, and the original yellow card is overturned, and Fulham are down to 10 men just eight minutes in!",3
"sst: H. SonGOAL! TOBY ALDERWEIRELD BUNDLES IN TOTTENHAM'S THIRD! 3-0! It's a smart low header from the defender, tipping Son's corner in at the near-post despite Meslier's attempts to bat it out.",1
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8The second part of Simeone's substitutions sees Felix replace Saul.,0
Young fails to avoid detection as the referee walks over after showing Neto a card and brandishes the yellow for the Aston Villa full-back.,2
"RED CARD! Fernandinho is sent off after blocking the shot on the goal line, denying Chelsea a goal. The defender has no complaints about the decision and now Chelsea have the opportunity to take the lead once again.",3
roos gets slapped with a booking now after sliding in on Dani Garcia. It's a foolish play at this stage of the game and hands Bilbao a free-kick inside the Madrid half to ease some pressure.,2
"Asst: J. BrandtGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! What a start by Die Schwarzgelben!!! Once again PSV can't clear their lines after a cross from Maatsen to Fullkrug is knocked down, and Brandt tees up Sancho on the edge of the box. The on-loan Manchester United winger drills a low shot through Til's legs and towards goal, which Benitez sees late and can't get down to as the ball takes a nick off the post and rolls into the bottom corner!! 1-0 to the hosts already, as Dortmund go 2-1 up on aggregate inside three minutes of the second leg!!",1
"Asst: R. BarkleyGOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! Luton lead inside three minutes!!! A Spurs attack breaks down and Townsend sets off on a long run up the right flank. He cuts the ball back to Barkley, who squares for Chong, and the forward drills a low shot across the face of goal and into the bottom-right corner!! 1-0 to the Hatters in no time, and Spurs' woes at the back continue!",1
Neal MaupayEverton · Striker #20Calvert-Lewin replaces Maupay to lead the Everton frontline.,0
"ATLETI DOWN TO 10 MEN! Charging into midfield from his centre-back position, Felipe lifts his boot recklessly in a challenge with Arambarri and connects with his opponent's shoulder. With no hesitation from the referee, he is sent straight off, and the champions are a man down with more than 30 minutes left to play!",3
"sst: F. KessiéLEWANDOWSKI!!! 2-0 BARCA! Breathing space for the LaLiga leaders! But what a nightmare for Ceuta, who are ruthlessly punished after trying to play out from the back. A loose pass is pounced on by Kessie, who puts the ball on a plate for Lewandowski to slot away.",1
ED CARD! Verdu is sent off for Elche as the captain takes down Lewandowski to deny to clear goal-scoring opportunity. Easy decision for the referee.,3
aulks is the first Cardiff man to be booked after he pulls the shirt of Minamino and deliberately brings him down.,2
Bailey is shown a yellow card for wasting time towards the end of this clash.,2
"Benjamin BourigeaudRennes · Striker #14And Bouriguead is also taken off, with Sulemana replacing him.",0
ascelles goes into the book for a deliberate handball that prevented Barkley from getting away.,2
sst: B. BourigeaudGOALLL!! 1-1! Bourigeaud delivers another outswinging corner towards the front post which is met by the head of the unmarked Guirassy. The striker’s headed effort leaves Mendy with no chance from close range as it hits the back of the net before the goalkeeper can react.,1
"This could be a game-changer, as Baptiste is sent for an early bath, having rugby-tackled Trincao to the turf shortly after receiving his first yellow card. The Bees are down to 10 men!",3
"ED CARD! Schar has only been on the pitch for six minutes and he has now been shown a straight red card, after he lunges into the back of Martinelli and catches the winger high and late. Really poor challenge by the Newcastle centre-back.",3
"ABRIEL IS OFF! Just two minutes after receiving his first booking, Gabriel is given a second! Both of them are unnecessary yellows, with his second coming for blocking Jesus' run off in the centre circle. There's no need for the challenge and Arsenal are down to 10 men!",3
Penalty GoalGOAAAALLLL!!! FIORENTINA DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! 2-0!! Gonzalez steps up and makes no mistake as he sends the keeper the wrong way and rolls the ball into the net.,1
"Asst: K. HavertzPULISIC!!! 2-0! Chelsea are flying! Following a stunning move, Havertz turns provider by cutting the ball back to Pulisic, who takes a touch before ramming a ferocious shot past the helpless Guaita.",1
sst: C. BiraghiGOOOOAAAAALLL!!! FIORENTINA SCORE!! 1-0!! The away side have had the better of the opening 20 minutes and they get their goal through Cabral. Cremonese clear the corner initially but the ball is recycled and Biraghi whips in an inviting cross with Cabral rising highest to flick home across goal and give Fiorentina the lead.,1
"Red card! Griezmann jinks past Mbemba and it looks - for a moment - as though he'll go through on goal at the death. However, Mbemba cynically trips him over and the referee immediately shows him a straight red card! The defender could have no complaints after preventing such a clear goalscoring chance.",3
"The first yellow card of the game goes to Hermoso for a trip on Barella. The referee played advantage, but Inter couldn't make anything of the move.",2
"Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #20Bernardeschi comes off in Juve's latest change, and Marley Ake, who impressed in his cameo against Lazio, will replace him.",0
"sst: RodrygoGOOOOOAAALLL!!! Make it five in a row!! Real Madrid double their lead as Vazquez dribbles into space down the right. Finding Rodrygo on an underlapping run, the winger shows great strength and skill to beat Costa in cover, before cutting the ball back to Benzema, who rifles it into the bottom corner! 2-0 inside 17 minutes, and Los Blancos are already in cruise control and firmly on top.",1
"sst: J. MaddisonLEICESTER LEAD! A pure screamer from Tielemans gives the visitors a merited lead - and just before the break! Everton fail to properly clear their lines, with Coady particularly at fault, and the ball breaks to the Foxes midfielder on the right edge of the box. He cushions it and then sends an unstoppable shot swerving into the top-left corner! It's 1-0 to Leicester!",1
Charles De KetelaereMilan · Midfielder #90A miserable game for De Ketelaere concludes early; Krunic comes on to replace him.,0
"sst: G. BonaventuraWHAT A GOAL! That is brilliant from Milan, who make it 3-0 in some style. Ibrahimovic intercepted a sloppy pass and turned the ball into Castillejo, who combined with Bonaventura before spinning clear of his marker and slotting a cool finish low into the net.",1
"sst: RicharlisonGOOOALLL!! TOTTENHAM LEAD! 1-0! Spurs have the breakthrough and it's the captain, Son, with the goal. Fulham lose the ball cheaply in defence and it's Richarlison who capitalises on the loose ball. He finds Son, who shifts the ball inside onto his right foot before unleashing a vicious curling effort into the top corner from the edge of the box.",1
"Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Liverpool are making a change at the start of the second half. It's Keita, who is on a booking, that goes off, with Elliott replacing him.",0
"emina chases Matheus inside the Wolves half before tripping his former midfield partner, picking up a deserved yellow card.",2
Pablo BarriosAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #24Both teams make changes at the break. Simeone brings on Llorente for Barrios.,0
"For the foul on Richarlison in the middle of the park, Fernandinho becomes the next man in Oliver's book. Whether it was for the cynical nature of the tackle or an accumulation of fouls, Fernandinho can't have too many complaints.",2
"abaleta, who has been struggling to cope with Zaha today, finally picks up a yellow card for a clumsy foul on the forward.",2
"REWSTER IS SENT OFF!!! The VAR takes a look, and after sending the referee to the pitchside monitor, Brewster receives his marching orders. It was a very late and needless challenge, and the substitute is sent for an early bath.",3
"Asst: A. TellesUNITED GO THREE UP! Latching onto Telles' inswinging corner from the right, Varane beats several yellow Brentford shirts to the ball inside the six-yard box and steers the ball into the back of the net! That's his first goal for the club: 3-0 to Manchester United!",1
"OOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! WHAT A STRIKE!!!!!! Salisu's long-throw into the Spurs box causes havoc, and Ward-Prowse smashes the loose ball through the defenders and into the right corner!!! It's a wonderful, drilled finish from the Saints captain, and it's put his side 1-0 up!!!!",1
"Mengi bundles Lo Celso over on the halfway line and kicks the ball away to prevent a quick free-kick being taken. If the first offence wasn't card-worthy, the second certainly was, and the Luton defender goes into the book late on.",2
A late lunge on Rudiger brings the big defender down and earns Pino the game's first yellow card.,2
Guilavogui sees a second yellow for the challenge leading to the penalty after he was previously booked.,3
Asst: P. FodenGOALLLLLL! 4-0 CITY! Alvarez caps a remarkable performance from the hosts as Guardiola’s side make it 5-1 on aggregate. Foden releases the World Cup winner with a perfectly weighted pass and Alvarez does the rest as he slides a finish into the bottom-left corner.,1
A late challenge from Mendy means he is shown a yellow card and Alaves now have a free-kick on the edge of the Madrid box.,2
"Asst: M. OliseGOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLL! CRYSTAL PALACE WITH AN INSTANT RESPONSE! Eze is completely open and receives the ball from the other end of the box. He heads it downwards, and it bounces once before going in past Sa, with the Wolves defenders ball-watching. Crystal Palace 1-1 Wolves.",1
Luis DíazPorto · Midfielder #7Diaz makes way for Pepe in attack.,0
"Asst: J. BernatZAIRE-EMERY PULLS ONE BACK! Monaco are all over the place at the back as Soler helps it onto Bernat, who made the overlapping run down the left. The defenders are drawn to him as he squares it across the six-yard box, and Zaire-Emery is unmarked at the far post to tap it in. 2-1!",1
"ED CARD!!! Things go from bad to worse for Bayern!! Upamecano is shown a second yellow card following that foul on Schlotterbeck, leaving the Bavarians down to 10 men as they chase what could soon be a two-goal deficit!",3
"EST HAM ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN!!! Just moments after picking up his first booking, Coufal is now given his marching orders too with both sides now down to 10! His second is for a challenge on McAtee.",3
"ilva is given his marching orders! After checking with VAR, the referee has changed his mind and upgraded the Benfica defender's yellow to a red. It was an unnecessary challenge and Schmidt certainly won't be happy!",3
Jhon MosqueraViktoria Plzeň · Midfielder #18Pilar enters the action to replace Mosquera for the closing stages of the game.,0
"RED CARD FOR ALAVES! Jota has made his side’s fight for three points a lot more difficult, getting himself sent off for a second yellow card after raising his boot high and catching Pique high in the chest. It’s unfortunate for the midfielder, but it’s worthy of a booking. The hosts down to 10 men!",3
"ojbjerg plays a terrible back-pass from the left and it runs for Aubameyang to latch onto. Bednarek - the last man - slides in and takes the striker out, and he's sent off for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity!",3
ED CARD! Hakimi is given his marching orders as he is shown a straight red card! PSG are down to 10-men. The right-back was the last man as he fouled Under and the referee has no option but to send him off.,3
"aving delayed the re-start of play by walking away from the ball, Bassey is booked for time-wasting.",2
"ED CARD! Coutinho is played through the Bayer Leverkusen defensive line, which forces Tah to extend and bring the playmaker down just before he could enter the penalty area! It has stopped a clear goal-scoring opportunity, which means the defender must walk!",3
"Asst: F. MendyGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! The Madridstas double their lead!!! Vinicius drives forward on his own and takes on the Barca defence. Support eventually arrives, and he frees up Mendy. He in turn finds Valverde, who smashes a low effort beyond the reach of Ter Stegen and into the bottom corner!!! 2-0, and despite a flurry of Barcelona chances, Real are in control at the Bernabeu!",1
"FIORENTINA DOWN TO 10! Gonzalez's temper has got the better of him here. Within seconds of the first yellow card being shown, he sarcastically applauds the referee for the decision, resulting in a second booking for dissent and a red card.",3
"sst: M. KovačićKANTE! 2-0! Chelsea get a second. Kante receives a pass 25 yards out and proceeds to rifle a low strike that takes a wicked deflection off Dier to trick Lloris. The ball flicks off Dier and spins against the inside of the post, before trickling agonisingly over the line!",1
"ubstitute Suarez joins Carvajal and Bellingham in the book, amid a busy period for the referee.",2
"PENALTY!!! Son gets the run on Salisu and glides past him into the box. Salisu then cuts down the Spurs forward, conceding a blatant penalty! To make matters worse, he's yellow-carded again, meaning he is sent off and Saints are down to 10!",3
"Leandro ParedesRoma · Midfielder #16And Paredes also goes off, with Bove on for him.",0
"ROMERO IS OFF!!! The VAR and on-field referee Michael Oliver decide that Romero's challenge is not only enough to award a penalty, but also see the defender given his marching orders with a straight red card. It was a poor challenge and could have caused his international team-mate a real problem.",3
ocatelli is the first player to go into the book after bringing down Ndombele. The Tottenham loanee was breaking into Juventus half with the ball.,2
"Asst: F. VieiraGOOOOOAALLLL!!!! 2-0!!! Nketiah has doubled Arsenal's lead and there is some much-needed breathing space for the Premier League side. Arsenal win the ball back in the middle of the park and Vieira finds himself with all kinds of space. He slides through Nketiah with a perfectly-weighted ball and the striker makes no mistake, rounding the goalkeeper and slotting into the empty net.",1
"RED CARD! TOMORI IS SENT OFF! Belotti is in front of the defender and he lets the ball roll in front of him. Tomori puts his arm around the forward to stop him from latching onto it and is shown his second yellow card of the game. The Milan players are furious and surround the referee, with Tomori venting his anger as he follows the official, and he's ordered to get off the pitch. Milan are down to 10!",3
"The first card goes to Shaw, who kicks the ball away, prompting appeals from Chelsea players and eventually a yellow.",2
Asst: J. MatipGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SALAH GETS ON THE SCORESHEET!!! 6-0 LIVERPOOL! The Egyptian gets in on the act as he heads home from close range. Alexander-Arnold floats his corner into the box and Matip rises to head at goal. Salah displays predatory instincts to steer it away from Guaita into the top-left corner.,1
"Ángel Di MaríaJuventus · Striker #22Di Maria comes off at half-time after a quiet first 45 minutes, and full-back Mattia De Sciglio will replace him.",0
"sst: J. McArthurPALACE ARE LEVEL! Arsenal have looked shaky in defence in the second half and they're caught out again. It's a good cross into Ayew, who gets behind David Luiz and heads his effort past Leno and into the back of the net. 2-2!",1
Danilo D'AmbrosioInter · Defender #33D'Ambrosio is replaced in the backline by Dimarco. Inter switch to a conventional back three.,0
Asst: M. AebischerGOAL!!! YOUNG BOYS ARE LEVEL!!! Aebischer sends his corner to the near post and Siebatcheu arrives to head it off the underside of the crossbar and in! It's 1-1!,1
ED CARD! Things are heating up as Lamptey catches Grealish and referee Oliver deems it enough to give Brighton's right-wing back his second yellow of the game. The youngster was only given his first booking five minutes ago and now he has been given his marching orders!,3
ummett earns himself a yellow card after dragging Lamela back.,2
"sst: V. JúniorGOOOOOAAALLL!!! A sublime start for Los Blancos!! Militao's inch-perfect cross-field pass finds Vinicius on the fly, who darts past his marker and clips the ball into the middle with the outside of his foot. Benzema arrives, and as we've become so accustomed to, Benzema finishes, slotting into the back of the net to give Real Madrid a 1-0 lead! A goal of the highest quality, and the hosts lead inside five first-half minutes.",1
"ED CARD! After checking the VAR screen, referee Atkinson sends Milivojevic off for his right-footed lunge on Moutinho near the halfway line!",3
Ljubicic is booked for pulling over Tonali inside the area; conceding a penalty in the process.,2
"GOOOAAALLL! City take the lead, it’s 1-0! Silva sprints forward and lays the ball off to Mahrez, who gets the ball nicked off his toes and it falls perfectly into the path of Torres, who then fires it past Mandanda from close range. It was unlucky for Marseille that the ball fell straight to the City man, but he made no mistakes with the finish.",1
"Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth make two further substitutions. First, Stephens replaces Billing.",0
"Ayoze PérezLeicester City · Striker #17Rodgers has made another change, with Iheanacho replacing Perez.",0
"UDOGIE IS OFF!!! Chelsea break and have a three on two, but Sterling's pass to his right for Palmer is weak and flicked away by Udogie. The ball is running loose, and as Udogie and Sterling challenge for the ball, the full-back scythes down the Chelsea man, giving the referee no choice but to dig out the second yellow and then a red. Spurs are down to nine men!",3
RaphinhaLeeds United · Midfielder #18Raphinha limps off and Shackleton replaces the Brazilian for the closing stages.,0
"Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! GIMENEZ CONVERTS!!! 4-1! Feyenoord have a goal back as Gimenez fires in from 12 yards. The forward smashes his strike down the middle of the goal to get his team on the board. However, it is surely too little too late for the Dutch side.",1
"GALLAGHER IS OFF! After such a strong start to the game, things are going downhill for Chelsea! Gilmour was racing away through the middle and Gallagher made up a lot of ground to get to him. The ball is already out of his reach, and he clumsily brings down the Scotsman. It earns him his second yellow card, and for the second game in a row, Chelsea are down to 10 men!",3
sst: A. TownsendGOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! MEYER SCORES JUST BEFORE THE BREAK!!! 2-0!! McCann will be furious with his team as they switch off just before half-time. Palace double their advantage as Milivojevic lifts a ball over the top for the run of Townsend. He nods the ball across the face of goal where Meyer is left with a simple header from close range. The Premier League outfit have complete control now.,1
Schmid goes into the book for a late tackle on Musiala. Bayern will now have an opportunity from a free-kick.,2
"BARCA DOWN TO 10! Both of Fati's feet are off the ground as he launches himself at Calero. He catches his opponent on the shin and is initially shown a yellow card, but the referee rightly changes that to a red when reviewing the incident.",3
"Asst: RodriGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MAHREZ COMPLETES THE COMEBACK!!!!!!! 3-2!!!!!! The home side take the lead as Mahrez blasts a right-footed strike past Lloris at his near post. Mahrez loses Perisic down the right flank and drives into the inside channel. He opens up space for an effort on his weaker foot and finds the bottom-right corner. Lloris looks to his defence, but he should have done better there.",1
Michele CastagnettiCremonese · Midfielder #19Cremonese make a double change at half-time. Castagnetti makes way for Buonaiuto in midfield.,0
"Ayoze PérezLeicester City · Midfielder #17Leicester make a third change, as Perez is replaced by Tielemans.",0
"GOOOOAAAALL!!! The visitors double their lead in no time! It's a really well-worked goal, as Barca keep up the pressure following a blocked Yamal shot. De Jong, Gundogan and Lewandowski all combine and the latter's deflected back-heel to De Jong gives the Dutchman an easy finish into the bottom corner! Vintage Barcelona, and as quick as a flash they're now 2-0 up.",1
angala catches Foden in midfield and receives a yellow card for his troubles.,2
"JOTA IS SENT OFF! Liverpool are now down to nine men! Udogie picks the forward's pocket, and Jota lunges in to try and make up for losing possession. He completely misses the ball but clips the player, and just over a minute after picking up his first booking, he gets a second.",3
"ED CARD FOR DAHOUD! Brighton are down to 10 men! The midfielder is shown a straight red card after he appeared to stamp on Osborn's ankle. It did look accidental to be fair, but it was endangering his opponent.",3
Eze picks up the first booking for Palace for a late challenge on Townsend.,2
BRILLIANT STRIKE FROM FREULER! 3-0 ATALANTA! The hosts have been pressing the Valencia backline furiously and it pays off as Gomez robs Parejo before Freuler takes over and whips a curling shot from 25 yards that bends delightfully beyond Domenech and into the top corner by the far post!,1
Asst: S. BaptisteGOALLL!!! 2-0 BRENTFORD!!! MBEUMO!!! Mbeumo scores a brilliant goal to double Brentford’s lead! He carries the ball from the halfway line before cutting inside past Fofana and firing the ball in at the near post. A deflection from Silva leaves Kepa with no chance.,1
"RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Raphinha is the man to make way for Kessie, which will likely allow Gavi to move further forward.",0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Bayern take the opportunity to use up a few more valuable seconds for Cologne. Gnabry off. The Spanish midfielder Roca on.,0
Asst: A. HaidaraGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 2-2 RB LEIPZIG! Leipzig hit back immediately! What is going on?! Haidara sends Kluivert running into the right of the box and the Dutch winger slots past Neuer into the bottom left corner!,1
"ED CARD!!! Sanchez has just caught Wilson, but he's the last man and it's a straight red! Webster gets the gloves on for the last few minutes as this game goes right down to the wire!!!",3
ED CARD FOR MARSEILLE! Gigot takes out Neymar with a horrendous tackle. The PSG players are rightly incensed and the referee wastes no time in brandishing his red card! Marseille will find a comeback that much harder now.,3
"Sergio AkiemeAlmería · Defender #15Almeria make further changes as they push to make the game even tighter, bringing off Akieme for Gonzalo Melero inside the last 15 minutes.",0
"Asst: PedriRAPHINHA SCORES AGAIN! Barcelona are back on level terms! The visitors cut out a loose clearance by PSG, and Pedri is straight into the action as he plays a wonderful ball over the top of the back line. Raphinha peels away from Beraldo to meet it, hitting it with the outside of his left boot to slot an outstanding finish past Donnarumma. 2-2!",1
"MARTINEZ SCORES! And Inter lead for the first time in this game! Barella's clipped cross is blocked by Fiamozzi, but he can only put it back into the danger zone. Martinez is waiting on the penalty spot and he fires it past Vicario with a first time shot into the net. 3-2 Inter!",1
Suarez is once again the target of Real Madrid aggression as Odriozola brings him down - which earns the right-back a yellow card of his own.,2
"T'S RED! After looking at the replays of Ward-Prowse's tackle, Martin Atkinson has gone back onto the pitch and shown the Southampton captain a straight red for serious foul play. He hands the armband over to Romeu, and the Saints are finishing this game with 10 men.",3
alvert-Lewin makes a foul on Livramento and the referee awards him a yellow. It looks like the Everton striker could be about to come off anyway.,2
"ED CARD! Taremi receives a second yellow card, this time for diving as he falls over in the box near Witsel. The referee did not hesitate to give the second booking.",3
"Kunde goes into the book for a poor challenge on his opponent, who was getting forward well.",2
Amari'i BellLuton Town · Defender #29Bell can't continue after his injury and is replaced by Burke.,0
Boubacar KamaraMarseille · Midfielder #4The other change sees Kamara head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Gueye.,0
e Ligt does handle the ball in the box and the referee dismisses the defender for two bookable offences.,3
"Some neat link-up play allows Sutalo to break down the right-hand side of the field, although he is cynically taken out by Zielinski, who is shown a yellow card for that tackle.",2
"The first booking of the game goes to Dortmund now, with Sule shown a yellow for time-wasting.",2
Deyverson steps into Messi - sending the Barcelona captain to the floor just outside the 18-yard box. It's a yellow card for the Alaves striker while giving Barcelona a chance to trouble Pacheco.,2
Gonçalo RamosPSG · Striker #9Ramos' last touch before coming off was an emphatic penalty. He is replaced by 17-year-old Mayulu.,0
"Asst: P. CoutinhoGOALLLLL!!! 1-0 BARCA! Coutinho stabs a pass through to Fati, who turns in the area before prodding in with the outside of his right boot in to the bottom left corner.",1
Giovanni ReynaDortmund · Midfielder #7Brandt comes on for Reyna in the midfield for Dortmund.,0
"scuffle between Howson and Kane ensued, with Romero barging in to back up his team-mate. The latter is shown a yellow card for his troubles.",2
"IROUD SENT OFF! It's a moment of madness from the striker, who forgets he's on a yellow card as he takes his shirt off in celebration! The striker's face goes from joy to pain as he realises his mistake having already been carded as he's shown a second yellow and given his marching orders!",3
"sst: H. ÇalhanoğluINTER LEAD! In just three minutes, they've completely turned this game around! It's a good corner from Calhanoglu and Dzeko rises highest on the edge of the six-yard box to meet it. He thumps his header into the ground and the bounce beats Dragowski before hitting the net. 2-1 Inter!",1
"Toni MartínezPorto · Striker #29Porto have made a change ahead of the second half, with Martinez coming off and he has been replaced by former Liverpool man Grujic.",0
"Asst: BernardoGOOOALLLL!!! IT'S THREE!!!! Yet another poor piece of defending from Wolfsburg at the corner, at Bernardo is easily able to nod down the Sucic cross. It finds the unmarked Okafor, who has all the time in the world to finish beyond Casteels for his second!!! Surely no way back for Mark van Bommel's Wolfsburg now.",1
"RED CARD! Dawson is sent off! The referee reviews the video footage and it shows that Dawson was the last man and has therefore denied Lukaku a clear goalscoring opportunity, so West Ham are down to 10 men.",3
"Aaron Wan-BissakaMan United · Defender #29Wan-Bissaka makes way for Dalot at right-back, which might due to his booking in the first half.",0
GOOOAAALLL!!!81'Reims1 - 4ValenciennesKévin CabralValenciennes,1
"EKITIKE SCORES! Jeanvier dawdles on the ball and takes too long to play it back to Costil. Ekitike picks his pocket and bursts into the six-yard box before firing past the keeper into the back of the net. Jeanvier is down holding his ankle, but the goal stands, and it's 5-0 PSG!",1
"Asst: O. RomeuGOAAAALLLL! 3-1! Out of nowhere Southampton double their lead! Romeu picks up a loose ball in his own half and threads a beautiful through-ball to Broja. The striker is clean through with only the keeper to beat, and keeps his composure to slot it into the far corner.",1
"RED CARD! Benteke has been shown a red card after the final whistle, it appears to be for a coming together with Konsa after the game has ended.",3
"Ademola LookmanFulham · Midfielder #19Fulham have also made a change, with Lookman replaced by Reed.",0
"ewandowski is shown a card for that challenge, and he can have no complaints.",2
"GOAAALLLLLL - SPORTING 0-2 MAN CITY - Bernardo Silva, that is world-class!!! Sporting failed to clear the danger, and none of their defenders could react in time as the City midfielder charged into the box. The Portugal international met the ball on the volley and drilled his shot off the crossbar and into the net. Stunning strike and City lead by two.",1
"ANOS IS OFF! Just minutes after equalising for Brentford, he's been sent off! He tracked back to trip Raphinha and stop his run down the right. After picking up a cheap booking for taking his shirt off in celebration, he's shown a second yellow. Brentford are now down to nine men!",3
"Asst: KokeLLORENTE! 1-1! Atletico grab an equaliser before half time, as Llorente's speculative effort from 25 yards flicks off Pier and into the net! Fernandez was left stranded by that deflection!",1
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount has put in a good shift today and is given a breather for the remaining half an hour. James is brought on in his place.,0
"CASEMIRO IS SENT OFF! No sooner do Madrid deal with the first Messi free-kick does Casemiro commit a second foul, barging Mingueza over on the edge of the area. The referee has no choice. He shows Casemiro a second yellow card and then a red. Casemiro has to go!",3
"WAN-BISSAKA IS SENT OFF! The United right-back receives his marching orders for a clumsy tackle on Martins, stamping on the midfielder's foot.",3
"Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SIGURDSSON CONVERTS!!! 3-1!!!! Everton enjoy incredible spell of football, storming into a 3-1 lead as Sigurdsson scores from 12 yards. The midfielder is composed from the spot as he fakes out Lloris before placing his strike into the bottom-right corner.",1
"Asst: T. GalhardoASPAS!!! 3-1! Hope for Celta! What a mix-up in the Barca defence. Ter Stegen misplaces his attempted pass to Araujo and Galhardo quickly finds Aspas, who slots into the bottom corner.",1
James is the first away man to go into the book for a late challenge.,2
"Cleary goes into the book for barging Smith Rowe to the floor. He protests, but it's a clear yellow card.",2
"Asst: V. van DijkGAKPO EQUALISES! Mac Allister pings it out to Szoboszlai on the right, and he curls a lovely cross into the far post. Van Dijk nods it down and it bounces behind Gakpo, but he controls it before hitting it on the half-turn. Vicario does get fingertips to it, but the power takes the shot straight into the back of the net. 1-1!",1
RAMON IS OFF! A second yellow card for a late lunge on Casemiro sees Alcoyano reduced to 10 men for the final 10 minutes. Will they be able to hold on?!,3
"Oghenekaro EteboWatford · Midfielder #4Etebo is withdrawn for Sema, which allows the Hornets to send another forward into the final third.",0
"raujo picks up a deserved booking for a clear block on Vinicius, giving Real Madrid a free-kick on halfway. That was a good foul to concede, however, with Los Blancos looking to break.",2
"Asst: G. Di LorenzoNAPOLI LEAD! A typically razor-sharp move down the right-hand side sees Napoli captain Di Lorenzo whip a delicious low ball towards the right side of the area, before Simeone takes a cool touch and rifles it in at the far post. McGregor had no chance, and despite their changes, the home side look in full flow already: 1-0!",1
"Mac Allister cuts inside and has two shots blocked, but on the second his shooting leg follows through and hits Young in the knee. He's booked for the incident, and it's clear to tell how frustrated Brighton are with how this game has turned against them.",2
"Junior FirpoLeeds United · Defender #3And Firpo, who has had a torrid time of it up against Traore, will be relieved to take his seat on the bench as Struijk enters the action.",0
"sst: J. MaddisonBARNES WINS IT! Leicester are on the way to three points at Goodison - it's 2-0! On the break, Maddison sears down the left and pulls the ball back for Barnes. It actually drifts behind his fellow forward, but Barnes improvises to turn Doucoure and slam the ball into the top-left corner with a superb strike! Game over!",1
"Williams is shown a yellow card following a late tackle on Alzate, but there will be a VAR check to assess whether it was a red-card offence.",2
"Anthony LosillaVfL Bochum · Midfielder #8Bochum have also made a change at the break, with their third substitution seeing Losilla make way for Gamboa.",0
"Thomas ParteyArsenal · Midfielder #18Mikel Arteta has made a half-time gamble too, with Partey - arguably a touch anonymous in that first act - replaced by Dani Ceballos for the final 45 minutes.",0
"David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #7O'Neil makes the first substitution of the game, taking off Brooks for Vina.",0
sst: D. LazovićGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! VERONA ARE LEVEL!! 1-1!! How massive could that goal be?! The throw-in catches Milan off guard and Lazovic is able to dink the ball across goal from the byline. Faraoni bears down on the far post and outmuscles Hernandez in the air to head home.,1
"Kostic loses out to Ibanez, and after needlessly shoving the off-balance Roma defender over the sideline, is shown a yellow card by the referee.",2
"Orel MangalaNottm Forest · Midfielder #5Mangala goes down holding his hamstring, and won't be able to continue, so vice-captain Ryan Yates comes on in his place.",0
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2Barcelona are making a late change here as Mingueza comes on to replace Dest.,0
"JONES IS SENT OFF! The referee is called over to the monitor to have another look at the incident himself. It's obvious that Jones wasn't intentionally trying to hurt Bissouma, but he went over the top of the ball and caught him high with studs. The original yellow card decision is overturned, and Liverpool are down to 10!",3
"BURNLEY DOWN TO 10 MEN! Having been left exposed by his defensive colleagues, Collins is forced into barging over Toney in the box, and the young Irishman inevitably sees red.",3
"Asst: A. HaritGOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! IT'S TWO! Brighton are all at sea as Marseille recover possession almost immediately after kick-off and charge forward. Harit darts down the right-hand channel before crossing low for Veretout, who arrives in the area to side-foot past a helpless Steele! Marseille are in dreamland, and Brighton have a mountain to climb. 2-0!",1
"ZAROURY IS SENT OFF!!! The replays show the substitute's right foot catches Walker high on his left leg, and a VAR review rules the tackle is worthy of a red card. Burnley are down to 10 men!",3
Neymar catches Dias with a late challenge when he tries to block his pass and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Mendy is the first Madrid player to go into the book after a foul on the right inside Los Blancos' half.,2
Ademola LookmanFulham · Midfielder #19Fulham make that final change now - and it is goalscorer Lookman who makes way for Bobby Decordova-Reid. The former has delivered the most crucial of interactions today for his side.,0
VERONA DOWN TO 10! The referee deems that challenge from Amrabat on Castillejo worthy of a red card after checking the pitchside monitor.,3
"Walace is the latest man in the book, this time for a foul on Nicolussi Caviglia.",2
Willock spins away from Gomez down the left flank and is brought down by the full-back. Gomez goes into the book.,2
ED CARD! Aiwu is sent off for the hand ball on the line and Cremonese are down to ten.,3
Gonçalo PaciênciaSchalke · Striker #18Paciencia has endured a quiet night and he is replaced by Skrzybski for the final 11 minutes.,0
"Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18Moments after Rafinha's removal, Draxler also comes on for Kean, who scored the third goal for the visitors on the stroke of half-time.",0
Modric catches Eteki with a late challenge and has his name taken by the referee.,2
"Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Gudmundsson has enjoyed a productive day, completing a game-high 94.1 per cent of his passes for Burnley. He is replaced by Bruun Larsen.",0
"MILAN DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Leao plays a one-two with Giroud on the edge of the area, before playing Bennacer into space down the left wing. The Algeria international puts a good cross into the area for Diaz, who brings it down and fakes a shot to get past a sliding Rui before depositing his shot in the back of the goal!",1
"Robinson’s reckless sliding tackle catches Palmer on the Achilles, which immediately produces a yellow card from the referee. Thankfully, the Chelsea winger is able to get right up, but there is a brief VAR check holding up play for a potential red.",2
"Alberto Rubio SernaAlcoyano · Midfielder #14Rubio is given a breather by Parras, with Ramon on in his stead.",0
"Asst: T. ReijndersADVANTAGE MILAN ONCE AGAIN! 2-1! What a start to the second half at the Artemio Franchi, with the Rossoneri responding to take back the lead three minutes after Fiorentina’s response. Reijnders carries the ball towards the halfway line before slipping Leao through, with the winger getting the better of Dodo. With Chukwueze to square it to, the Portugal international instead rounds the wandering Terracciano and basically walks the ball into the empty goal!",1
"HE'S ON, HE'S OFF!!!! Kean heads off the pitch almost as soon as he came on, and what a wild incident to kick it all off! Kean is held back by Mancini and goes to ground, but before a free-kick can be given his way, Kean kicks the defender in the back of the leg and the referee shows him a straight red! An absolute brain explosion from the Juventus substitute, and he trudges off literally seconds after his introduction!",3
"João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Joao Felix's night is over, with Lemar getting less than ten minutes to impress.",0
Shaw prevents Luiz from launching a quickfire counter and goes into the book.,2
"sst: M. NgamaleuGOAL!!! SIERRO FIRES YOUNG BOYS LEVEL!!! Moumi Ngamaleu's run towards the right byline was picked out with a quick throw-in and the forward cut the ball back into the middle for Sierro, who curled a left-footed strike inside the far corner! It's 2-2!",1
"Asst: L. ShawWHAT A GOAL!!!!!! GREENWOOD VOLLEYS HOME!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!! The home side take the lead through a super strike from Greenwood on the volley. United build down the left flank before Shaw lifts a cross into the box. Greenwood finds space to take on the volley first-time on his left foot, finding the bottom-left corner with a crisp finish. A fine goal from the England international.",1
Asst: J. MaddisonGOAL! HARVEY BARNES WITH A CORKER FOR LEICESTER CITY! 1-1! Fernandes gets caught in midfield and the Foxes man comes up with possession. He makes two steps in and smashes a corker in at the left post from outside the box. Superb stuff to equalise.,1
