Asst: S. PapastathopoulosGOOOOOAL! 4-1! Fulham fail to clear their lines from a corner and Sokratis pounces on the loose ball, feeding a pass across to Aubameyang who smashes an effort past Rico, though there was a huge deflection. That is now 14 Premier League goals for the Gabon international.,1
Alex IwobiArsenal · Midfielder #17Third and final change for Arsenal as Emery hands 17-year-old Saka his Premier League debut, with Iwobi the man making way.,0
OOOOOOAL! 3-1! Relief for Arsenal! Kolasinac again does well to overlap down the left side and poke a pass across goal, which Aubameyang sends clattering off the woodwork. The opportunity remains alive though and possession falls to the feet of Ramsey, who takes one touch before smashing the ball into the top corner.,1
Fosu-Mensah picks up the game's first yellow card for a high challenge on Xhaka in midfield.,2
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9In need of inspiration, Emery turns to the bench to make his second change and brings Ramsey on in place of Lacazette.,0
Asst: R. SessegnonGOOOOOAL! 2-1! Fulham have a chance! Arsenal sloppily concede possession in midfield and the visitors make them pay. Sessegnon drills a low ball across the face of goal where Kamara, off the bench, tucks home easily.,1
Ibrahima CisséFulham · Midfielder #44Ranieri has shown his hand now as he makes all three of his changes in quick succession, with the last being the introduction of Seri in place of Cisse.,0
André SchürrleFulham · Striker #14Another change for Fulham and it provides fresh legs in attack, with Kamara taking Schurrle's spot.,0
Cyrus ChristieFulham · Midfielder #22Fulham respond by making their first change of the game as Manchester United loanee Fosu-Mensah replaces Christie.,0
sst: S. KolašinacGOOOOOOAL! 2-0! Arsenal weave their way through! Kolasinac, Iwobi and Aubameyang combine superbly from a throw and the ball is cut back across the face of goal by Kolasinac to Lacazette, who makes no mistake with his finish to double the Gunners' advantage.,1
Shkodran MustafiArsenal · Defender #20Change at the break for Arsenal and likely a change of shape, as Torreira takes the spot of Mustafi.,0
Asst: A. IwobiGOOOOOOAL! 1-0 Arsenal! The hosts finally get the breakthrough as Iwobi plays a fine cross into the middle where Xhaka has found room, taking one touch with his thigh before poking an effort past Rico.,1
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35Arteta makes an attacking change with Nketiah replacing Zinchenko.,0
Asst: Y. TielemansGOOOAAAALLLL!! 2-0 ASTON VILLA!! It’s all gone wrong for Arsenal! The Gunners threw bodies forward for a corner and Emery’s side looked to counter. Tielemans sends Watkins in behind the defence, and the English striker goes one-on-one with Smith Rowe. He shifts it to his right, and he lifts it over Raya in goal!,1
Asst: L. DigneGOOOAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 ASTON VILLA! McGinn finds Moreno on the left-hand side and he picks out Digne in behind the Arsenal defence. He delivers into the penalty area and Torres goes to meet it but he misses the ball, and it falls to Bailey at the back post. The Jamaican winger arrives and fires it into the back of the net! It’s a huge goal from the substitute!,1
Nicolò ZanioloAston Villa · Midfielder #22Zaniolo has picked up an injury, so his game is over. Moreno enters the fray.,0
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9Jesus also heads to the bench as Arsenal look to find a winner, with Jorginho coming on to replace him.,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Arteta makes another change as Odegaard is replaced by Smith Rowe in midfield.,0
Leandro TrossardArsenal · Striker #19Arteta makes an attacking change as Martinelli enters the fray. Trossard heads to the bench.,0
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4White, who was booked in the first half, has gone off, with Tomiyasu coming on to replace him.,0
Havertz receives a yellow for delaying the restart as Villa looked to take a quick free-kick.,2
abriel goes into the referee's book for a foul on Rogers just outside the Arsenal penalty area, and Villa have an opportunity from a free-kick.,2
hite receives a yellow for pulling the shirt of Zaniolo as Villa looked to counter-attack.,2
sst: O. BobbAKE SCORES! It's more great link-up play from City down their right side and Nunes slides it into Bobb at the byline. He whips a cross into the six-yard box and Ake throws himself forward to get to it ahead of Aarons, beating Radu with his diving header from close range. 6-1 City!,1
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20And that goal was Silva's last involvement as Bobb is brought on in his place.,0
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9Bournemouth's final roll of the dice sees Kluivert, who scored against Liverpool in midweek, come on for Solanke.,0
Asst: J. DokuSILVA SCORES AGAIN! It all starts with a superb cross-field pass from Doku to pick out Silva's free run down the right. Kelly doesn't close him down until it's too late, and the winger takes it around him before dinking it in from a very tight angle. It's over the line when Zabarnyi hooks it away, but Nunes volleyed the follow-up in to make sure. The goal will go to Silva though, and it's 5-1 to City!,1
Asst: M. AaronsSINISTERRA PULLS ONE BACK! What an impact by the substitute! City are caught out with a simple long ball over the top from Kelly out to Aarons, who is in acres of space down the right. He plays another early cross into the box, but this one is weighted perfectly, and Sinisterra drags it around Walker before sliding it into the back of the net. After a VAR check for offside, it stands. 4-1!,1
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16And Tavernier, who has struggled to get into this game, is replaced by Sinisterra.,0
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth are making a double change. Billing is taken off for Semenyo.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16And Phillips gets a rare chance as he comes on for Rodri.,0
Julián ÁlvarezMan City · Midfielder #19Nunes comes on in place of Alvarez.,0
John StonesMan City · Defender #5Both sides have been waiting a while to make these changes, and we'll start with a triple swap for City. Stones is replaced by Lewis.,0
Asst: J. DokuFODEN SCORES! He starts the move, sweeping it out to Doku on the left once more. Aarons sits off, unsure what the Belgian is going to do, but he just opens up his body to slide it through the Foden. He's in the middle of a crowd, but he gets into a pocket of space before stroking it past Radu into the back of the net. 4-0 City!,1
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9There are changes for both sides at the break, starting with City. It appears that Haaland has a knock, so they're taking no chances with him. Foden replaces him.,0
Chris MephamBournemouth · Defender #6And for Bournemouth, it's Senesi that's coming on in place of Mepham.,0
Alex ScottBournemouth · Midfielder #14Scott is being helped by the physio as he limps around the edge of the pitch. His game is over as Rothwell replaces him.,0
Asst: J. DokuAKANJI SCORES! It's City's seventh corner, and Bournemouth haven't dealt with it whenever it's been played short to Silva. He shapes like he's going to cross, but instead, he squares it into Doku just outside the D. He wrongfoots Billing with a quick half-turn before firing on goal, but it's the deflection off Akanji's back that takes it past Radu. 3-0 City!,1
Asst: J. DokuSILVA SCORES! And just like that, City have doubled their lead! It's more wonderful play from Doku, who links up well with Walker down the right before leaving Mepham in a spin with some clever footwork. He slides it into Silva, who doesn't even have to break stride as he runs onto it, stroking it into the bottom corner. 2-0 City!,1
The first yellow card of the game goes to Billing, who kicks the ball away to prevent City from taking a free-kick.,2
Asst: RodriDOKU SCORES! It's a lovely goal by City! Radu punches away Walker's cross, but the hosts quickly win it back once more. Ake touches it into Doku's feet, and he plays a one-two with Rodri as he skips through the crowd of defenders to get into the box. He takes the shot first time when it comes back to him, and it skims off Mepham's back and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 City!,1
OOOAAALLL! Mbappe gets his hat-trick and PSG's fifth in additional time! PSG continued to push forward and Neymar delivered a perfect pass into the striker's path in the six-yard box, with Mbappe getting in front of his marker and turning the ball towards goal. Lopes does brilliantly to stop the first effort, but can't do anything as Mbappe slides home the rebound from just a couple of yards out.,1
Neymar is booked for a late kick on Guimaraes in the middle of the pitch. Neymar protests against the decision and has to be ushered away by his team-mates to avoid more punishment.,2
Martin TerrierLyon · Midfielder #7Final Lyon change now, with Terrier replaced by Jean Lucas.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Sarabia makes it 4-1! Despite the heroics from Lopes in goal, he cannot stop Sarabia from scoring the fourth PSG goal of the game. There was a big goalmouth scramble in the six-yard box, with Lopes denying PSG twice, before the ball came out to Sarabia on the edge of the area and he drilled it into the bottom right-hand corner.,1
Layvin KurzawaPSG · Defender #20Third and final PSG substitution, with Kurzawa replaced by Bernat.,0
Edinson CavaniPSG · Striker #9PSG make their second change and it's a straight swap up top, with Cavani replaced by Icardi.,0
Léo DuboisLyon · Defender #14Another Lyon substitution now, with Dubois heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Andersen.,0
OOOAAALLL! Mbappe makes it 3-1 to PSG! Wonderful run by the striker, he picks up the ball around the halfway line and runs at the Lyon defence, skipping past a couple of players, before getting into the box and firing past Lopes and into the back of the net.,1
Poor challenge by Dubois on Neymar and the Lyon right-back is booked. The Lyon players look angry at the moment with the penalty and red card decision, they just need to settle back down.,2
Moussa DembéléLyon · Striker #9Lyon also make a substitution, with Dembele coming off and Rafael is his replacement.,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27PSG make their first substitution of the game, with Gueye the man coming off and he has been replaced by Verratti.,0
bappe has been booked in the aftermath of Neymar's goal, after a few items appear to have been thrown from the stands by the supporters.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! PSG lead 2-1! Neymar converts from the penalty spot, sliding the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, sending Lopes the wrong way. Calm and composed finish by the striker.,1
RED CARD! Marcal is shown a second yellow card and is dismissed. The ball does strikes the arm of the defender and his arm isn't in a natural position, so the referee instantly awards a penalty.,3
Meunier is the latest player booked, after his late sliding challenge on Aouar.,2
Marcal is the first Lyon player to be booked, after he clatters into the back of Sarabia and gets nowhere near the ball.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Kurzawa, for his late challenge on Ekambi.,2
sst: L. KurzawaGOOOAAALLL! PSG are level, it's 1-1! It's taken just four minutes for the visitors to get level here. Kurzawa rises highest as a corner is delivered into the box, he glances the ball towards the bottom left-hand corner of the net and it looks to be heading into the goal, but Mbappe slides in just to make sure, getting the slightest of touches to it and he makes it 1-1.,1
sst: K. Toko EkambiGOOOAAALLL! Lyon take the lead, it's 1-0! Ekambi does brilliantly down the right wing, gets to the byline and then drags the ball back to Terrier in the six-yard box, who runs onto it and slides it into the back of the net, past the helpless Navas.,1
Ilario MonterisiFrosinone · Defender #30Frosinone's final substitution is another attacking change, with Morocco international striker Cheddira taking Monterisi's place.,0
Luka JovićMilan · Striker #15Another youngster gets valuable minutes for Milan, with Jovic making way for the 15-year old Camarda in a straight swap at striker.,0
F COURSE THE FORMER PLAYER SCORES! 3-1! Brescianini finds the back of the net from a set-piece, with his left-footed free-kick delivery from a position in the right channel bouncing through the crowd of bodies and past Maignan! Hernandez looks to have risen to try and head it away, but he mistimed his jump, potentially throwing Maignan off in the process!,1
Jovic puts in an unnecessary tackle on Gelli and mistimes it, catching the substitute which earns him a yellow card to add to his goal and assist.,2
Tijjani ReijndersMilan · Midfielder #14The Milan supporters rise from their seats to applaud the long-awaited return of Bennacer, with the midfielder having finally fully recovered from his knee injury. He will take over for Reijnders with 11 minutes to go.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekMilan · Midfielder #8Always an injury concern, Loftus-Cheek is protected with 11 minutes to go, coming off for Pobega.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Striker #11Traore comes on for just his second appearance for Milan, after earning his debut on Tuesday against Borussia Dortmund. He will take over for Pulisic, who exits the match with a goal to his name.,0
Asst: L. JovićMILAN’S ONLY CENTRE-BACK MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! The last man standing in central defence gets a goal for his efforts after Hernandez receives Pulisic’s short corner-kick and immediately crosses it into the penalty area. Jovic meets the delivery at the far post and nods it across for Tomori, who pokes it home from four yards out!,1
Arijon IbrahimovićFrosinone · Midfielder #27Di Francesco rolls the dice once again, looking for a way back into the match. Caso gets a chance to make his mark, with Ibrahimovic recalled to the bench.,0
Marvin ÇuniFrosinone · Striker #11Frosinone introduce another player on loan from Juventus, with Jorge taking Cuni's spot at striker. He will look to interchange with his other two team-mates both tonight and with the Bianconeri: Barrenechea and Soule.,0
Samuel ChukwuezeMilan · Striker #21Looking to keep possession in the final 25 minutes with a two-goal advantage, Milan send Adli into the fray for Chukwueze. That should see Musah pushed higher onto the wing, with the substitute playing on the right of a midfield trio.,0
Hernandez leaves his position at centre-back and goes on an enterprising run down the left but he’s hacked to the floor by Barrenechea, whose sliding challenge fails to get any of the ball. It’s a yellow card for the Frosinone midfielder - the first booking of the game.,2
Reinier JesusFrosinone · Midfielder #12Di Francesco makes a change for the visitors three minutes before the hour, with Reinier making way for Gelli.,0
Asst: M. MaignanPULISIC MAKES IT TWO OUT OF NOWHERE! 2-0! It’s as direct as can be for Milan, with Maignan launching his goal-kick into Frosinone’s half for Pulisic, who manages to get ahead of both Monterisi and Romagnoli before bringing the pass down with extreme technical quality. The United States international then drives wide and fires from a narrow angle, beating Turati as well as all the backtracking defenders to double the advantage!,1
Mehdi BourabiaFrosinone · Midfielder #24Former Milan player Brescianini comes on for Frosinone at the half, replacing Bourabia.,0
A MISTAKE AT ONE END AND A GOAL AT THE OTHER! 1-0! Frosinone will be ruing their missed opportunity even more now, with Milan coming back up the other way and scoring! Loftus-Cheek spreads the play to the left for Chukwueze with a pass through the centre-back and full-back, taking them both out of the play. The Nigeria international then teases a cross to the far post, which takes a deflection, which allows Jovic to smash his volley past Turati!,1
sst: P. SarabiaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MBAPPE GETS ON THE SCORESHEET!!!!! 6-1!!!!! The Frenchman gets a deserved goal this evening, notching PSG's sixth. Sarabia breaks down the left flank and cuts the ball back into the middle. Mbappe does not have to move as he steers a low effort on his right foot past a hapless Bernardoni. All too easy for the home side.,1
Rayan Aït-NouriAngers · Defender #2Ait Nouri is withdrawn for the closing stages and is replaced by Cho.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6Verratti makes way in the middle of the park for Sarabia.,0
Abdoulaye BambaAngers · Defender #25Manceau is on for Bamba in the Angers defence.,0
Alessandro FlorenziPSG · Defender #24Florenzi makes way for Dagba in the PSG defence.,0
Presnel KimpembePSG · Defender #3Diallo comes on in relief of Kimpembe in the middle of the backline for the hosts.,0
Asst: NeymarGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GUEYE'S STRIKE BEATS BERNARDONI!!!! 5-1!!!! PSG have their fifth goal to cap off a good performance. Gueye collects in space on the edge of the box and cuts back to shoot on his right foot. His effort deflects off Coulibaly and travels towards the target. It bounces and takes a vicious turn away from Bernardoni to find the bottom-right corner. ,1
Sada ThioubAngers · Midfielder #22Cabot comes on to replace Thioub down the right flank for the visitors.,0
Stéphane BahokenAngers · Striker #19Diony is on for Bahoken in the final third for Angers.,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23Draxler is withdrawn for Gueye in the PSG midfield.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Herrera comes on to replace Paredes to shore up the PSG ranks.,0
Asst: M. BakkerGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! DRAXLER SCORES!!! 4-1!!! The home side dispel a notion of a comeback as the German converts with the aid of a deflection. Bakker surges down the left flank and sends a low ball into the middle. Draxler shoots first time and it deflects off Traore to wrong foot Bernardoni to find the back of the net. PSG restore their three-goal lead.,1
sst: P. CapelleGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TRAORE GETS ONE BACK!!!! 3-1!!! The visitors are not done this evening as Traore heads home at the back post. Capelle sends a pinpoint cross into the box on his left foot from the right flank. Traore is unmarked and places his header past Navas inside the left post. A quality header from the Angers defender.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NEYMAR DOES IT AGAIN!!!! 3-0!!! PSG take a huge stride towards victory this evening by scoring their third goal. The home side work the ball through the midfield before Draxler sends an offload wide. Florenzi hammers a low delivery into the box and it deflects off Traore into the path of Neymar. The Brazilian makes no mistake, firing his effort past Bernardoni into the bottom-right corner.,1
Asst: K. MbappeGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NEYMAR FIRES HOME FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 2-0 PSG!!! Neymar gets off the mark for the season with a close-range finish. Mbappe is the architect as he surges his way through Bamba and Thioub on the left flank before laying the ball back to the Brazilian. Neymar hammers his strike on his left foot past Bernardoni with ease. ,1
impembe brings down Fulgini on the charge and he goes into the book.,2
Bahoken goes into the book for the challenge. It looks a harsh one.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FLORENZI OPENS HIS PSG ACCOUNT!!! 1-0!!! The Italian puts the home side ahead with a fine strike. Florenzi latches on to a clearance from Ebosse and takes one touch in the right inside channel before launching a volley towards goal. It's pinpoint accurate finding the top-left corner with Bernardoni rooted to the spot. A super effort.,1
inks is shown a yellow card for tugging back Gibbs-White and preventing yet another Wolves foray forward. ,2
Hélder CostaWolves · Striker #10Traore is unleashed with six minutes left in the match, replacing Costa.  ,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Immediately after losing another goal, Pochettino makes a change as Lucas is taken off for Sanchez. ,0
enalty GoalGOAL FOR WOLVES! This time it’s Jimenez who steps up and with a skip in his approach, sends Lloris the wrong way and smashes it into the bottom corner! 3-2 now with 10 minutes to play!,1
He may have got away without a booking the last time, but Foyth is not so lucky on this occasion as the referee shows him a yellow. ,2
enalty GoalNEVES MAKES TOTTENHAM PAY! The midfielder winds up and sends the goalkeeper the wrong way, blasting his penalty into the opposite corner, low to the ground! 3-1 Spurs!,1
Ivan CavaleiroWolves · Striker #7Nuno refuses to give up the chase as he throws another forward on – Leo Bonatini. Cavaleiro is chosen to make way.   ,0
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Joao Moutinho is withdrawn shortly after the hour, with Gibbs-White coming on in his place.   ,0
KANE SEALS THE POINTS FOR TOTTENHAM! 3-0 Spurs after Lloris’ goal-kick is headed on by Kane for Lamela who cuts it back to the penalty spot for the striker after a couple of dazzling step-overs. Despite being denied in his first effort by a leaping Patricio, Kane collects the rebound and makes no mistake the second time around!  ,1
Son Heung-minTottenham #7Son came on in the seventh minute as a replacement for Dembele, and he is now withdrawn himself. Eriksen will take his place. ,0
Asst: K. TrippierSPURS DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE WITHIN MINUTES! Davies has the ball on the left and cuts it back for Lucas who finds Son centrally just outside the penalty area. The South Korea international then switches it to the right for Trippier, whose cross finds the head of Lucas who finishes it neatly past Patricio!     ,1
Asst: H. SonTOTTENHAM HAVE THE 1-0 LEAD! Lamela picks the ball up in space on the edge of the area and draws three defenders towards him. He plays it back to Son who promptly returns it to the Argentine international inside the penalty area. From there, it’s an easy right-foot finish past Patricio and into the net!  ,1
he first yellow card goes the way of Wolves, as Bennett is given a booking for taking down Son in an effort to stop a counter-attack.    ,2
Mousa DembéléTottenham · Midfielder #19Confirmation of the change which comes as a necessity – as Dembele will be unable to continue. Son comes on as his replacement. ,0
Koulibaly joins Kovacic in the referee's book after making a clumsy challenge in midfield.,2
ovacic receives the first yellow card of the night after he brought down Grealish.,2
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Rodri's night is now over, with Phillips on in his place for the final few minutes.,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Potter's third change in succession sees Ziyech replaced by Gallagher.,0
Marc CucurellaChelsea · Defender #32Hall has also made his way onto the pitch, with Cucurella the one to make way.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangChelsea · Striker #9Aubameyang did very little to help Chelsea take the lead, and he has now been replaced by Hutchinson.,0
Asst: J. GrealishGOAAAALLLL - CHELSEA 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY - The subs combine to devastating effect, and Mahrez opens the scoring for the visitors. Grealish's cross from the left wing was inch-perfect for Mahrez, who slid in at the far post to hand City the lead. What an impact!!,1
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Grealish is also on the field of play, and it was Foden that made way for his fellow England international.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Guardiola makes another double substitution, with Mahrez on in place of Bernardo Silva.,0
João CanceloMan City · Midfielder #7Despite his strong first-half display, Cancelo is also replaced at the break, with Lewis now on in his place.,0
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2Guardiola makes a double change at the break as Walker makes way for Akanji.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #10Chukwuemeka makes his way onto the pitch, with Pulisic already on his way down the tunnel.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #17Sterling's night lasted all of five minutes, with Aubameyang now entering the game a lot earlier than he expected.,0
sst: M. LlorenteGOOAAALLLL!!! MORATA! 3-2 Atleti! 4-2 on aggregate! That's the tie! And it is awful from Adrian once again. Morata races through and shoots straight through the goalkeeper. Anfield is in song, but the European champions are out.,1
ELLOW: Atleti lose the ball, and Partey concedes a foul. Saul kicks the ball away and accepts a booking.,2
ELLOW: Morata reacts angrily and goes nose to nose with Alexander-Arnold, which is enough for a booking, too.,2
YELLOW: Alexander-Arnold is clearly incredibly frustrated. He barges Morata to the ground by the corner flag in front of the Atleti fans.,2
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9SUB: Firmino thought he might have won this tie, but now he is off for Minamino as Liverpool chase the game.,0
Asst: A. MorataGOOAAALLLL!!! LLORENTE AGAIN! It's 2-2 and Atleti lead 3-2 on aggregate! Liverpool are on the ropes! Atleti break in the final moments of the first half of extra-time. Llorente makes a good run to take a square pass from Morata, jinks inside of Henderson and gets the shot off under pressure from Milner. It flies into the bottom-right corner.,1
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14SUB: Henderson was returning from injury. He is off for Fabinho.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10SUB: Atleti will back themselves to see this out. Gimenez is on for Correa as another defensive option.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5SUB: It is a double Liverpool change, with Origi - last year's Champions League hero - on for Wijnaldum.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7SUB: Morata is coming on for Atleti, perhaps to provide an outlet up front. Joao Felix makes way, having provided a crucial assist.,0
Asst: J. FélixGOOAAALLLL!!! LLORENTE! Atleti are back in control! It's 2-1 to Liverpool but 2-2 on aggregate! The visitors have scarcely threatened, but awful goalkeeping from Adrian allows them a swift response! Adrian hacks a clearance straight to Joao Felix, who feeds Llorente. A low shot beats the goalkeeper, who does not appear to dive properly. He slips. It is a strange, strange goal.,1
OOAAALLLL!!! FIRMINO! 2-0 Liverpool! 2-1 on aggregate! His first goal at Anfield all season! Wijnaldum scored the first and creates the second. He bursts down the right and crosses for Firmino, whose header bounces back out off the post. The striker's luck is in, though, and the ball falls for him to tap in.,1
Kieran TrippierAtlético Madrid · Defender #23SUB: Trippier, who has been really good up against Mane and Robertson, makes way for Vrsaljko.,0
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Midfielder #15SUB: An interesting change. Oxlade-Chamberlain has been very good, but Klopp calls on the experience of Milner in his place.,0
Diego CostaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19SUB: A defensive change as Atleti look to gain a foothold in this match. Costa is furious that he is the man to make way, with Llorente on.,0
sst: A. Oxlade-ChamberlainGOOAAALLLL!!! WIJNALDUM! 1-0 Liverpool! 1-1 on aggregate! It's him again! And what a time to score. The midfielder sends a powerful header down and beyond Oblak from just in front of the penalty spot. What a lift for the hosts!,1
opez is booked after he pulls back Carrasco to stop his run on the halfway line.,2
sst: IbaiMARTINEZ SCORES! It's poor defending from Atletico as Martinez has a free header in the middle of the box from Gomez's corner. It's a thumping effort and Oblak can't react quick enough to stop it from flying over his head and into the back of the net. 2-1 Athletic!,1
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroAthletic Club · Midfielder #12Final change for Athletic now and it's the goal scorer, Berenguer, that's going off for Gomez.,0
orreira is booked after he jumps for the ball at the same time as Morcillo and puts his arm into the back of his head.,2
Asst: Y. Ferreira CarrascoSAVIC EQUALISES! Another corner for Atletico, but this time, Carrasco manages to pick out a team-mate in the box. Savic rises high above everyone else in the penalty area to get his head to the ball and he sends it into the far side of the net. 1-1!,1
Oihan SancetAthletic Club · Striker #16Athletic are making a change now as well, with Sancet going off for Lopez.,0
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Defender #12Final change for Atletico now and it's Lodi that's going off, with Hermoso replacing him.,0
Unai VencedorAthletic Club · Midfielder #27Vesga is also being brought on in place of Vencedor.,0
Asier VillalibreAthletic Club · Striker #20Athletic are making a double change now and Marcelino is bringing on their top scorer, Williams for Villalibre.,0
Koke knocks the ball away just as Garcia stretches to nick it off him. He catches him on the top of his foot and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Another change for Atletico now and it's Torreira that's being brought on for Correa.,0
It's a clumsy challenge from Vencedor as he gets nowhere near the ball and takes Joao Felix out. The yellow card is out and that means he'll miss the next match.,2
Kieran TrippierAtlético Madrid · Defender #23And Trippier comes off, with Joao Felix on for him.,0
Héctor HerreraAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16Herrera is also being brought off, with Lemar on to replace him.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Simeone is making a triple change now as he looks to try and get his side back into the game. Saul is brought off first, with Suarez on in his place.,0
Ander CapaAthletic Club · Defender #21There's a change at the back with Capa not coming out again after his knee injury, so Lekue is on in his place.,0
Felipe carries the ball a long way and Sancet ends up dragging him down to stop his run which earns him a booking.,2
Sancet was breaking on the counter after Atletico's corner and Llorente pulls him back, earning the first booking of the game.,2
BERENGUER SCORES! Berenguer is involved in the move from the start as he plays it out to Capa on the right before continuing his run into the box. The right-back's cross takes a deflection and Berenguer throws himself forward to head it across goal and into the corner. 1-0 Athletic! ,1
anilo is now booked for a late challenge, which suits Empoli's desire to break up play.,2
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Defender #11Perhaps in desperation, Allegri withdraws Cuadrado and De Sciglio is thrown on in his place.,0
Bernardeschi lets his frustration get the better of him, and a foul leads to a booking not long after his arrival on the field.,2
Filippo BandinelliEmpoli · Midfielder #25Bandinelli comes off for Zurkowski, as Empoli make a couple of late changes.,0
Patrick CutroneEmpoli · Striker #9Cutrone is withdrawn after another goalless shift, as Henderson comes on to help see out the game.,0
Leonardo MancusoEmpoli · Striker #7Andreazzoli makes another change, as Pinamonti comes on for Mancuso in attack. The Inter forward is naturally not a popular arrival in Turin!,0
Nedim BajramiEmpoli · Midfielder #10Bajrami has caused problems for the home side for most of the match, but Stulac comes on in his place.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #22Chiesa's early enthusiasm has dimmed and Kulusevski is brought on to replace him out wide.,0
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Bentancur is replaced by Locatelli for the final quarter of the match.,0
A clumsy challenge sees Ismajli become the third Empoli name in the referee's notebook.,2
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Rabiot is withdrawn in his first match back after injury, with Bernardeschi on to provide some fresh legs in midfield for the hosts.,0
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #14McKennie is withdrawn after making little impact in an unusually advanced role, with Morata brought on to take the centre-forward role.,0
espite his protestations to the referee, Cutrone is booked for a foul in the Juventus half.,2
Stojanovic receives the first booking of a free-flowing game, for his trip on Alex Sandro.,2
MPOLI LEAD! Bandinelli's right-wing surge sees the Juventus defence melt away, he cuts back for Bajrami to turn and shoot and the resultant deflection loops up for captain Mancuso to force the ball home. The Allianz Stadium is hushed! Juventus 0-1 Empoli!,1
Marcus BergKrasnodar · Striker #33Markov replaces Berg for the closing stages of the game.,0
Azpilicueta is booked for a stray arm on Chernov following an aerial duel.,2
Tino AnjorinChelsea · Striker #55Giroud replaces Anjorin, which sees Abraham move to the right flank.,0
WandersonKrasnodar · Midfielder #10Chernov comes on to the field in place of the lively Wanderson.,0
Kristoffer OlssonKrasnodar · Midfielder #14Kambolov is on for Olsson in the Krasnodar midfield.,0
Rémy CabellaKrasnodar · Midfielder #7Cabella makes way for Suleymanov for the visitors.,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Havertz is withdrawn for the home side after a frustrating night. Werner replaces his compatriot.,0
Kaio PantaleãoKrasnodar · Defender #31Sorokin comes on to the field to replace Kaio at the back for the visitors.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JORGINHO LEVELS!!!! 1-1!!! The Italy international holds his composure to notch Chelsea's equaliser. Jorginho takes his classic stutter-step and places his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
sst: V. ClaessonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CABELLA PUTS KRASNODAR AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead at Stamford Bridge. Krasnodar open Chelsea up down the left as Ramirez goes on the overlap. He cuts a cross towards Claesson and offloads to Cabella in space. The Frenchman takes a touch before burying his effort low and hard into the bottom-left corner.,1
Parejo now picks up a yellow after a very poor challenge on Vinicius.,2
Rudiger is shown the eighth yellow card of the match after a tactical foul on Chukwueze.,2
orres receives a yellow card for a reckless and lazy challenge.,2
Asst: M. AsensioGOALLL!! 3-2 REAL MADRID! CEBALLOS!! Real Madrid complete the comeback as Ceballos finishes into the bottom corner. Asensio keeps the ball alive after an overhit pass from Vinicius. He finds Ceballos on the edge of the box and the midfielder finishes first-time past Jorgensen.,1
Baena is shown a yellow card by the referee for a poor challenge.,2
eina is shown a yellow card on the bench after complaining at the referee.,2
Valverde sees yellow after an unnecessary foul in the middle of the pitch.,2
OALLL!! 2-2 REAL MADRID!! MILITAO!! Real Madrid equalise as Militao pokes the ball into an empty net! Benzema’s initial header is saved well by Jorgensen but the rebound goes straight to Militao. He takes a touch before sticking his right foot at the ball.,1
Asst: D. CeballosGOALLL REAL MADRID!! 2-1VINICIUS!! Vinicius pulls a goal back for Real Madrid with a composed finish. He uses his body well to fend off the defender before placing the ball past Jorgensen. Game on!,1
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Asensio comes on for Rodrygo as Real Madrid look to find a way back into this game.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Ceballos comes on for Kroos in midfield for Real Madrid.,0
Juan FoythVillarreal · Defender #8Mandi replaces Foyth as a precaution for Villarreal.,0
Raúl AlbiolVillarreal · Defender #3Cuenca replaces Albiol at the break for Villarreal.,0
Asst: G. MorenoGOALLL!! 2-0 VILLARREAL!! CHUKWUEZE!! Villarreal catch Real Madrid out before the break to double their lead! Gerard Moreno is at the heart of things again as he links up well with his team-mates before slipping Chukwueze in on goal to score.,1
Camavinga receives a yellow card as he brings Capoue down to stop a counter-attack.,2
apoue receives the first booking of the game after the referee recalls an earlier foul in the game.,2
sst: G. MorenoGOALLL!! 1-0 VILLARREAL!! CAPOUE!! Villarreal take an early lead as Capoue smashes the ball past Courtois! Gerard Moreno flicks the ball onto Capoue from a throw-in. The Frenchman then shoots first time and his effort is too powerful for the goalkeeper to save.,1
GOAL! Gnabry seals the points! The German tries his luck from range and, after seeing his initial effort parried by Flekken, he reacts quickest to reach the loose ball and fire the rebound into the bottom left corner from the centre of the box. 3-1.,1
Lucas HölerSC Freiburg · Striker #9The hosts respond to going behind by making their last change as Holer goes off to be replaced by Schlotterbeck.,0
Asst: S. GnabrySURELY THE WINNER! Zirkzee puts Bayern back in front! Gnabry picks his head up and floats a pass down the right side of the penalty area for Zirkzee. The substitute sticks out his right boot and touches the ball beyond Flekken from close range. 2-1.,1
Philippe CoutinhoBayern · Midfielder #10The away side make their final change as Coutinho makes way for Zirkzee. It remains 1-1.,0
hiago is the latest played to receive a yellow card after cynically tripping Hofler when the hosts looked to launch a quick counter.,2
Vincenzo GrifoSC Freiburg · Midfielder #32Freiburg make their second substitution of the match as Borrello replaces Grifo, the scorer of the equalising goal. There are 14 minutes of normal time left to play.,0
ewandowski picks up a yellow card for dissent after arguing that he was pushed in the box by Heintz in looking to latch onto Gnabry’s cross.,2
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Bayern make their first change of the match as Martinez comes onto the field in place of Muller. It remains 1-1.,0
Asst: J. HabererGOAL! Freiburg are level! Kwon does incredibly well down the right wing before laying the ball off for Haberer. The attacker picks his head up and floats a cross in towards the far post where Grifo is well placed to volley the delivery into the top left corner of the net. 1-1.,1
Mike FrantzSC Freiburg · Midfielder #8The hosts are forced into making their first change of the match as the injured Frantz is replaced by Kwon.,0
Muller is the first player to pick up a yellow card after cynically fouling Holer with a slide tackle on the halfway line as Freiburg looked to break. He can have no complaints about that decision.,2
sst: A. DaviesGOAL! Lewandowski gives Bayern the lead! Davies skips beyond Haberer down the left flank before drilling a low cross into the penalty area. The Polish striker gets the better of Koch and slots his close-range finish beyond Flekken. 1-0.,1
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Podence wanders off as Lage makes his final substitution. The diminutive forward will be replaced by youngster Cundle.,0
Asst: R. Aït-NouriGOOOOOOOALLL! 3-1 WOLVES! Lage’s men may have spurned a glorious chance to finish the game off but they have done just that now. Ait Nouri releases Traore down the left and the substitute powers into the area before sliding a left-footed shot under Forster and into the back of the net.,1
Silva picks the pocket of Salisu before driving down the line. The centre-back attempts to atone for his mistake and win the ball back but instead fouls the substitute, leaving Salisbury no option but to flash another yellow card.,2
ard-Prowse hauls Moutinho down with a late tackle before confronting three or four of the Wolves players. When things eventually calm down, the Southampton captain is shown a yellow card.,2
HAT A GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON PULL ONE BACK TO MAKE IT 2-1! Redmond is brought down 30 yards from goal and Hasenhuttl's side have another free-kick opportunity. Set-piece specialist Ward-Prowse hovers over it before nonchalantly arrowing his right-footed strike into the top-right corner. Sa is left bamboozled by the dipping and swerving effort as he remains powerless to stop the Saints skipper.,1
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Lage makes his second change as he sends on Silva for Jimenez, who opened the scoring from the penalty spot.,0
Armando BrojaSouthampton · Striker #18Broja, who has been somewhat off the pace compared to his usual standards, trudges off with Adam Armstrong taking his place.,0
Nathan TellaSouthampton · Midfielder #23Hasenhuttl makes his next substitution as he brings off Tella for Stuart Armstrong.,0
imenez joins his team-mate Podence in the book for a combination of kicking the ball away and dissent towards referee Salisbury.,2
GOOOOOOOAL! 2-0 WOLVES! Ait Nouri delivers a free-kick towards the right of goal, where Kilman heads against Forster's right post. Coady is the quickest to react and he pokes in from point-blank range to double the hosts' lead. VAR then takes a long look for offside before allowing the goal to stand.,1
yanco snaps at the heels of Podence and becomes the first Saints name in referee Salisbury's book.,2
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27Hasenhuttl acts at half-time as he sends on striker Adams for the midfielder Diallo in an attacking change for the visitors.,0
Podence becomes the first name in referee Salisbury's book for a cynical hack at the heels of Romeu. Lyanco, perhaps needlessly, rushes over to give the Wolves man a shove for the foul but escapes a caution on this occasion.,2
enalty Goal1-0 TO WOLVES! Southampton are furious with the decision to award a penalty for Bednarek’s lunge on Ait Nouri. After a minute or so of Saints pleading the centre-back’s innocence, Jimenez steps up from 12 yards and rolls his shot into the bottom-left corner as he sends Forster the wrong way.,1
oljan is shown a late yellow card after he pulls Guedes down, as he tried to break forward.,2
ondogbia is shown a yellow card for time-wasting, the midfielder will now be suspended for the second leg next week.,2
We have our first yellow card of the game and it's shown to Burke, after his high challenge on Garay.,2
Cristiano PicciniValencia · Defender #21Valencia make their third and final substitution, with Piccini the man coming off and he has been replaced by Gameiro.,0
Denis CheryshevValencia · Striker #11Valencia make their second change of the game, with Cheryshev the man coming off and he has been replaced by Guedes.,0
Ryan ChristieCeltic · Midfielder #17The second change see Christie replaced by Edouard,0
Scott SinclairCeltic · Midfielder #11Celtic make a double substitution, the first change sees Sinclair come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Weah.,0
Asst: D. CheryshevGOOOAAALLL! Valencia their lead just minutes after the restart, it's 2-0! Celtic lose the ball in the Valencia half and the visitors mount a quick counter-attack with Cheryshev breaking down the left wing. The winger looks up and spots Sobrino bursting into the box and picks him out perfectly, with the striker firing the ball past Bain from close range.,1
Dani ParejoValencia · Midfielder #10Valencia have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Parejo the man coming off and he has been replaced by Coquelin.,0
Asst: R. SobrinoGOOOAAALLL! Valencia take the lead just before the break, it's 1-0! Sobrino races through on goal after just beating the offside trap, he then just has Bain to beat as the Celtic races off his line to try and put him under pressure. However, the striker opts to pass to Cheryshev who was sprinting up in support alongside him, who has a simple tap-in from just a couple of yards out. A vital away goal for the Spanish side.,1
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Walcott is withdrawn for the closing stages as Bernard comes on to the pitch to replace him.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CALVERT-LEWIN GETS THE CRUCIAL THIRD FOR EVERTON!!!! 3-1!!! Chelsea give the game away with a number of errors to allow Calvert-Lewin to strike. Kepa hands possession straight to Walcott, who releases his team-mate in the box. Calvert-Lewin backheels towards Davies to keep the attack alive, but Kante makes a good challenge. The Blues try to scramble the loose ball away from danger, but the forward is persistent and blocks Azpilicueta's clearance. He prods it towards goal through the legs of Kepa and into the back of the net. Goodison Park erupts.,1
Lucas DigneEverton · Defender #12Digne's injury forces him off and Baines comes on to the field to replace him.,0
Reece JamesChelsea · Defender #24James is replaced by Batshuayi for the closing stages.,0
WillianChelsea · Midfielder #10Hudson-Odoi comes on for Willian in the final third.,0
RicharlisonEverton · Striker #7Davies enters the action for the home side to replace Richarlison.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KOVACIC GETS CHELSEA BACK INTO THE GAME!!! 2-1!!!! Pulisic makes a driving run down the left flank, but his cross evades Abraham and Willian in the box. Digne clears as far as the midfielder 20 yards from goal and he connects with a sharp volley on his left foot. It travels towards the bottom-left corner past Abraham - who is onside - and it beats the dive of Pickford to find the net. Game on.,1
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CALVERT-LEWIN CONVERTS!!!! 2-0!!!! Everton double their advantage as Calvert-Lewin dispatches a low strike past Kepa. Christensen gets himself in a tangle failing to clear a cross into the box. Zouma cannot help his team-mate losing out to the Everton forward in a 50/50 battle. Calvert-Lewin takes one touch to take it away from the defender before slottiing his effort low into the net. Ferguson bounds down the sideline in joy.,1
icharlison wins the ball in his challenge with Kovacic, but goes through the midfielder from behind. He goes into the book for the tackle.,2
Digne puts his arms around the body of Willian to stop his forward run and he rightfully is booked by the referee.,2
sst: D. SidibéGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! RICHARLISON HEADS EVERTON IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!!! The Toffees take the lead as Richarlison converts from close range. Chelsea are cut open at the back down the right flank and Sidibe takes advantage by lifting a cross into the middle. Richarlison attacks the delivery to get there ahead of Christensen, nodding his effort away from Kepa into the back of the net. The perfect start for Ferguson in the dugout.,1
ollowing a tussle in the box in the build-up to a set-piece routine, Roco picks up a yellow card for clashing with Cutrone.,2
Jeremain LensBeşiktaş · Midfielder #27Avci makes his final change with Diaby coming onto the field in place of Lens. There are nine minutes of normal time left to play.,0
Kerem KalafatBeşiktaş · Defender #34The away side now make their second change as Kalafat comes off for Roco. It remains 4-0.,0
Leander DendonckerWolves · Midfielder #32Wolves opt to make their final alteration with Otasowie coming on for the closing stages in place of Dendoncker.,0
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Espirito Santo makes his second change of the match as Moutinho is replaced by Perry. There are 20 minutes of normal time left to play.,0
Asst: O. BuurGOAL! Jota gets his hat-trick! Wolves show real determination to keep the pressure on following a quick counter down the right flank. Burr nips in to win the ball back before sliding it across goal for Jota to fire in at the back post. 4-0.,1
Asst: J. MoutinhoGOAL! Wolves make it three! Moutinho floats a corner from the right in towards the penalty spot and Dendoncker rises highest to power his header into the top right corner. Yuvakuran stood no chance with that one. 3-0.,1
Güven YalçınBeşiktaş · Midfielder #9The away side respond to going two goals behind by making their first substitution of the match with Elneny coming onto the field in place of Yalcin.,0
GOAL! A quickfire double for Wolves! Yuvakuran is able to tip Dendoncker’s powerful strike from 25-yards out onto the bar but cannot react quickly enough to deny Jota steering the rebound into the back of the net from close range. 2-0.,1
Asst: P. NetoGOAL! Wolves take the lead! Neto shows some great footwork down the right flank before picking out a cross towards the far post. Jota arrives and, just moments after coming on, nods the ball beyond Yuvakuran and into the bottom left corner. 1-0.,1
Rúben NevesWolves · Midfielder #8The home side make their first change of the match as Jota comes on to replace Neves. It remains 0-0.,0
Uysal goes into the book following an earlier foul on Cutrone in the build-up to a quick counter.,2
Kilman is the first player to pick up a yellow card after catching Nayir’s left ankle with a late challenge. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2
ulham keeper Bettinelli is booked after the referee perceives him to have taken too long over a goal kick.,2
André SchürrleFulham · Striker #14Schürrle, who's has a magnificent game, is replaced by Fulham's teenage sensation Ryan Sessegnon.,0
Game over now, surely, and no less than Fulham deserve! Mitrovic drops deep on the centre-right and turns, shooting for the far corner. It rebounds back off the post, but Schurrle takes his time, takes a step and puts it where Mitrovic couldn't. 4-2 to Fulham!,1
Joe BryanFulham · Defender #23Joe Bryan leaves the pitch and is replaced by fellow defender Calum Chambers.,0
Stephen WardBurnley · Defender #23Defender Stephen Ward leaves the pitch and is replaced by striker Ashley Barnes. Burnley are going for it.,0
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #11Confirmation of two Burnley subs as Chris Wood makes way for Sam Vokes.,0
Schürrle's first touch gets away from him and he stretches to retrieve the ball, catching Tarkowski. The referee is lenient and shows him a yellow. That could have been a red card on another day.,2
arkowski is booked for one foul too many on Mitrovic. He'll have to be careful now.,2
sst: B. MeeThe action's coming thick and fast! Burnley centre-back James Tarkowski makes it 3-2, smashing it in after a corner from Burnley's right is headed low to the near post.,1
sst: L. ViettoAnother header from Mitrović! The Serbian striker is tormenting Burnley's centre-backs. He leaps high and powers the ball past Hart in the six-yard box! 3-1 to Fulham, but there's still a long way to go yet!,1
sst: T. CairneyThat was a sloppy corner for Mee to give away from Burnley's point of view. Fulham have been pushing for the second goal and Mitrović capitalised on it with aplomb.,1
That chance came quickly! Aaron Lennon breaks down the right and crosses it towards Jeff Hendrick arriving at the far post. Hendrick's first shot is blocked, but the ball bobbles back to him and he fires the ball upwards into the net from close range! 1-1!,1
Asst: L. ViettoNo 0-0 today then! Fulham race forward, and Seri finds himself with space on the edge of Burnley's penalty area. He cracks in a rising shot which gives Hart no chance! 1-0 Fulham!,1
Lars StindlMönchengladbach · Striker #13Stindl's night is over as he makes way for Thuram. ,0
Christoph KramerMönchengladbach · Midfielder #6Benes is given just over ten minutes to impress as he replaces Kramer.,0
Stefan LainerMönchengladbach · Midfielder #18Both of Gladbach's goalscorers are now off the pitch, with Lainer replaced by Herrmann.,0
Stindl is handed the first yellow card of the match after a strong challenge in the middle of midfield. ,2
Malik TillmanBayern · Midfielder #40Nagelsmann also decides to send on Copado, with Tillman the one to make his way to the bench.,0
Marc RocaBayern · Midfielder #22Nagelsmann's makes a change in midfield as Roca makes way for Wanner.,0
Florian NeuhausMönchengladbach · Midfielder #32Gladbach's first goalscorer, Neuhaus, makes way for Plea.,0
Tony JantschkeMönchengladbach · Defender #24Hutter makes a change at the back as Jantschke is replaced by Beyer.,0
Asst: L. NetzGOAAAALLL - BAYERN 1-2 GLADBACH - WHAT ON EARTH IS HAPPENING!!! Bayern's lead has vanished in five minutes, and Nagelsmann's side only has themselves to blame. Lainer met Netz's corner at the near post, and Bayern's defence went to sleep, allowing the midfielder to fire his header into the far corner. ,1
GOAAALLL - BAYERN 1-1 GLADBACH - From absolutely nowhere, Gladbach are level at the Allianz Arena. Bayern failed to clear what looked like a simple cross, with Kimmich's weak flick falling at the feet of Neuhaus. The Gladbach midfielder watched the ball come across his body before drilling it through the legs of Ulreich. ,1
sst: T. MüllerGOAAALLL - BAYERN 1-0 GLADBACH - Who else? Lewandowski scores Bayern's first goal of 2022 and continues his sensational run in the Bundesliga. The Poland international collected Muller's pass inside the Gladbach box before turning his marker and he then smashed the ball into the net at the near post. The power behind the shot meant Sommer had no chance, and it is no less than Bayern deserve.  ,1
Alba is booked for a foul on Aspas. He will also miss the trip to Getafe through suspension.,2
De Jong fouls Veiga and goes into the book. He will miss Barca's next game against Getafe.,2
Franco CerviCelta Vigo · Midfielder #11Celta make another change with Solari replacing Cervi.,0
Denis SuárezCelta Vigo · Midfielder #6Suarez is also withdrawn with Fontan entering the action.,0
Fran BeltránCelta Vigo · Midfielder #8Celta also make a couple of changes. The first sees Veiga replacing Beltran.,0
Dani AlvesBarcelona · Defender #8Alves goes off to be replaced by Mingueza.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangBarcelona · Striker #25Aubameyang is given a breather as he makes way to be replaced by De Jong.,0
Ronald AraújoBarcelona · Defender #4Lenglet quickly strips off to enter the action in Araujo's place.,0
Memphis DepayBarcelona · Midfielder #9Meanwhile, Depay is given a rest with Fati taking his place.,0
Thiago GalhardoCelta Vigo · Striker #7Celta turn to the bench and Galhardo makes way for Tapia.,0
RED CARD! Murillo is given his marching orders. Celta are down to 10 men as the substitute is sent off just 13 minutes after entering the action. Depay was about to advance into the penalty area before his intervention, and he was the last man.,3
Asst: T. GalhardoASPAS!!! 3-1! Hope for Celta! What a mix-up in the Barca defence. Ter Stegen misplaces his attempted pass to Araujo and Galhardo quickly finds Aspas, who slots into the bottom corner.,1
Asst: O. DembéléAUBAMEYANG!!! 3-0 BARCA! What a start to the second half by the hosts. Less than two minutes after the restart, Barca may well have just sealed the points. Dembele darts into the area and picks out Aubameyang, who sweeps home number three.,1
Kevin VázquezCelta Vigo · Defender #20There is also activity for Celta, who introduce Jeison Murillo in favour of Vazquez.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Midfielder #19Barca have made a change at the break with Torres making way for Riqui Puig.,0
AUBAMEYANG!!! 2-0 BARCA! Breathing space for the hosts! Depay turns provider on this occasion as his cross is not cleared properly by Araujo, and Aubameyang reacts quickly to fire into the far corner.,1
sst: O. DembéléDEPAY!!! 1-0 BARCELONA! The Netherlands international opens the scoring, but he owes a lot of credit to Dembele. The former Borussia Dortmund winger bursts into life with an electrifying change of pace down the right flank. He then has the presence of mind to square the ball for Depay, who sweeps a first-time shot past Dituro.,1
Aguerd brings down Gelhardt as he turns towards goal and goes into the book.,2
Wilfried GnontoLeeds United · Midfielder #29Gnonto had a fine outing today, notching his first goal for the club. He makes way for Gelhardt for the closing stages.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Striker #8Downes enters the action to replace Fornals for the Hammers.,0
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #11Paqueta makes way after a good performance. Benrahma replaces the Brazilian.,0
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8Roca makes way in the Leeds midfield for Greenwood.,0
Asst: J. HarrisonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! RODRIGO HAMMERS HOME AN EQUALISER!!!!! 2-2!!!!! That's much better from Rodrigo as he fires a left-footed strike past Fabianski to level the scores. Harrison feeds the run of the forward in the box and he takes the ball in stride before producing a clinical finish to find the bottom-left corner. Game on.,1
Vladimír CoufalWest Ham · Defender #5Cresswell replaces Coufal, who has a bloodied knee where he was caught by Summerville.,0
Gianluca ScamaccaWest Ham · Striker #7Antonio replaces Scamacca for the visitors after handing them the lead with a fine strike.,0
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Aaronson was at fault for the second West Ham goal and is now withdrawn for Harrison.,0
Crysencio SummervilleLeeds United · Midfielder #10Summerville was simmering resulting in his challenge on Coufal. Marsch opts to replace the winger with Klich.,0
Summerville catches Coufal late in a revenge tackle after being on the receiving end of a strong challenge seconds earlier. The Leeds man goes into the book.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SCAMACCA SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 2-1 WEST HAM!!!!! Scamacca capitalises on a mistake from Aaronson before bending a brilliant strike past Meslier with precision to hand West Ham the lead. Aaronson plays a terrible offload back to Roca that Scamacca intercepts. He looks up and has only the target on his mind. The forward curls his strike away from Meslier and into the back of the net with the aid of the right post.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PAQUETA CONVERTS ON THE STUTTER-STEP!!!!! 1-1!!!! The Hammers are back in the game as Paqueta fires his left-footed strike into the top-right corner. The stutter-step proves to be the undoing for Meslier as Paqueta arcs his effort over the keeper into the back of the net.,1
ooper brings down Scamacca on the charge with a poor challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: C. SummervilleGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GNONTO FIRES LEEDS IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Gnonto notches his first Premier League goal with a sublime left-footed strike. Gnonto starts the move as he finds Summerville, who returns it to his team-mate with a sublime reverse. Gnonto takes on the strike first-time and blasts his effort past Fabianski into the bottom-left corner before the keeper can react.,1
Rice goes down as Rodrigo catches him in the face with a boot. The Spaniard was aiming for the ball, but it is a nasty challenge. He goes into the book.,2
artinez goes into the book for a cynical foul to stop a Betis break.,2
odriguez goes into the book for a dreadful scything challenge on Yamal inside the Barca half. Fortunately, the Blaugrana youngster avoided any damage.,2
sst: R. LewandowskiGOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! CANCELO ADDS A FIFTH! Barca's new right-back caps a brilliant full debut with a fine solo goal! Cancelo receives a pass from Lewandowski before turning Miranda inside-out to burst into the box. From there, he lashes a powerful effort across goal and into the bottom-left corner. Barca lead Betis 5-0!,1
Alejandro BaldeBarcelona · Defender #3Alonso replaces Balde, who has been outstanding at left-back.,0
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Martinez also enters the fray, with Christensen withdrawn.,0
Bartra is booked for that foul as Raphinha lines up the free-kick.,2
Ayoze PérezReal Betis · Midfielder #10Juan Cruz takes the place of Perez, who has been quiet.,0
IscoReal Betis · Midfielder #22With the game certainly now beyond them, Betis make further changes. Rodri is on for Isco.,0
Asst: R. LewandowskiGOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! IT'S FOUR AS RAPHINHA GETS IN ON THE ACT! Raphinha makes an immediate impact, drifting inside from the right flank to drill a left-footed effort beyond Vieites' dive and into the bottom-right corner. Barca are running riot, and this could get very ugly for Betis!,1
Oriol RomeuBarcelona · Midfielder #18Gundogan is the third player introduced by Xavi, taking Romeu's position in midfield.,0
João FélixBarcelona · Striker #14Barca's first goalscorer Joao Felix is also going off after a successful full debut. On comes wonderkid Yamal.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Striker #7That will be Torres' final touch of the game as Xavi makes three changes. Raphinha replaces him.,0
OOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! TORRES MAKES IT THREE! Torres takes the free-kick, curling a clever, low effort around the wall and into the bottom-right corner! Vieites had absolutely no chance, and Barca look set to go top of LaLiga. 3-0!,1
Rui SilvaReal Betis · Goalkeeper #13Betis have also made a change in goal, with Vieites replacing Silva after he suffered an injury in the first half.,0
Luiz HenriqueReal Betis · Midfielder #11Pellegrini has opted to make a double substitution at the break. Abde comes on for his Betis debut against his former club, with Luiz Henrique off.,0
sst: A. ChristensenGOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAL! LEWANDOWSKI MAKES IT 2-0! What a goal, that is trademark Barca! Christensen steps out from the back to feed a pass towards Joao Felix. With his back to goal, the loanee spots the run of Lewandowski behind him and simply dummies the ball to release him on goal. Lewandowski makes no mistake by finishing low off the post, and it's a long way back for Betis now.,1
Asst: O. RomeuGOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! JOAO FELIX HAS HIS FIRST GOAL FOR BARCELONA! Romeu looks for Joao Felix with a deep cross from the right. He snatches at his volleyed attempt but chases the loose ball, beating Silva to it before steering his second shot home from a tight angle! Barca lead 1-0!,1
sst: NeymarGOOOOAAAALLL!!!! MONACO 1-4 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! MBAPPE KILLS OFF THE MATCH! PSG had not made the most of their counter-attacking opportunities in the second half up until this point, with Mbappe slotting the ball away from Lecomte after being played in by Neymar.,1
sst: A. SilvaGOOOOOAAAALLL!!!!! MONACO 1-3 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN!!! BAKAYOKO PULLS ONE BACK! A free-kick is sent into the six-yard box and Bakayoko gets the final touch, with Navas left stranded after coming off his line and failing to get anything to the ball.,1
Kurzawa catches Ben Yedder on the back of the leg and is rightly shown a yellow card.,2
Cesc FàbregasMonaco · Midfielder #4The changes are coming thick and fast now - the returning Jovetic takes over from Fabregas.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11Di Maria, who has had another decent game today, is replaced by Draxler for the final 10 minutes or so.,0
Gelson MartinsMonaco · Midfielder #11Martins is off and Augustin on in Monaco's latest change.,0
Asst: M. VerrattiGOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! MONACO 0-3 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN!!! The substitutes combine as Verratti lifts the ball over the top of the Monaco defence and Sarabia volleys home. The offside flag was quick to go up but the goalscorer was clearly offside and VAR allows the goal to stand.,1
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27Verratti takes over from Gueye in central midfield as Tuchel turns to his bench for the first time today.,0
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #18Make that a double change for PSG as Icardi is replaced by Sarabia up top.,0
Aleksandr GolovinMonaco · Midfielder #17Golovin has picked up a knock and is unable to continue. Adrian Silva is on in his place.,0
Kouassi is cautioned for his challenge as PSG are given a chance to regroup.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! MONACO 0-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN!! NEYMAR CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT! No mistake from Neymar, who confidently tucks home after a staggered run-up.,1
Glik is also shown a yellow card for his challenge on Kurzawa. Further punishment could follow.,2
sst: A. Di MaríaGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! MONACO 0-1 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! MBAPPE NETS AGAINST HIS FORMER SIDE! As clinical as you like from Mbappe. The France international is played in behind by Di Maria and keeps his composure when through one-on-one by slotting home.,1
GOAL! 2-0 INTER! A wonderful goal from Politano, and Inter surely have the three points now! The corner is headed clear, but it drops for Politano at the far corner of the box. He takes it on the volley left-footed and it arrows into the far corner. A sublime goal.,1
Dalbert is booked. Cagliari are really bombing men forward now.,2
Borja ValeroInter · Midfielder #20Valero, who is grimacing with what looks to be a knock, hobbles off for Vecino.,0
o! The referee reviews the incident using VAR, blows his whistle and books Dessena for handball! The Cagliari captain is furious. To be fair, it did look like he handled it unfairly on the replay.,2
Marco SauCagliari · Striker #25Sau is replaced by Farias ahead of the corner.,0
Filip BradarićCagliari · Midfielder #6Between the foul and the free-kick being taken, Cagliari replace Bradarić with João Pedro.,0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Inter replace Gagliardini with Marcelo Brozović, who scored their late winner against Sampdoria last week. Can the Croatian repeat that today?,0
Pisacane is next to find himself in the referee's book. Both Cagliari centre-backs are on yellow cards now.,2
t's a lively start to the half with the ball going end-to-end despite neither side really being threatened. Now Bradaric is booked for scything down Miranda.,2
Ragnar KlavanCagliari · Defender #15Switch by Cagliari. Klavan is replaced by fellow defender Pisacane. Wonder if that's injury-related.,0
ndreolli is booked for a foul on Martinez. The centre-back will have to be careful now.,2
Asst: DalbertGOAL! Inter have taken the lead. Dalbert races forward to put it in a handy cross into the box. Martinez outjumps two Cagliari defenders to get his head on it. Cragno gets his hand to the header but can't keep it from dropping in at the far post. 1-0 Inter!,1
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu comes off for Asllani as Inter continue to make changes.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries gets involved in an awkward tangle with Leris and is forced to limp off the field of play. Taking no chances, Inzaghi immediately sends Bellanova on to replace him.,0
Filip ĐuričićSampdoria · Midfielder #7Djuricic makes way with 12 minutes left as Rincon is called into action.,0
Manolo GabbiadiniSampdoria · Midfielder #23Montevago is given a chance in the late stages of the match with the booked Gabbiadini making way.,0
Asst: F. AcerbiINTER MAKE IT THREE! 3-0! Another counter-attacking goal for the hosts, with Correa driving from penalty area to penalty area before dispatching a lovely shot into the top corner! It’s a fantastic strike from the substitute!,1
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Inter also make an alteration in defence with the booked Bastoni replaced by Acerbi.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Inzaghi swaps his strikers as Dzeko comes off for Correa.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez is also given a rest with 22 minutes remaining, with Lukaku brought on in his place.,0
Vieira runs across the path of Martinez on a counter-attack and picks up Sampdoria’s sixth yellow card of the game.,2
Francesco CaputoSampdoria · Striker #10Pussetto is on for Caputo as Sampdoria continue to chase the result.,0
Bastoni's late tackle leaves Djuricic on the ground in a heap. The foul leads to a bit of a scrum between the two teams with the Italy international defender shown a yellow card.,2
Gabbiadini is shown a yellow card for a heavy and mistimed challenge on Calhanoglu.,2
erre catches Martinez on the knee with a sliding challenge in midfield and receives a yellow card.,2
Gonzalo VillarSampdoria · Midfielder #4Verre is sent on for Villar just before the Inter free-kick.,0
 frustrated Djuricic wrestles Mkhitaryan to the ground and receives a yellow card for the infraction.,2
Gerard YepesSampdoria · Midfielder #28The booked Yepes comes off at the interval for Vieira.,0
Asst: A. BastoniINTER DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE BEFORE THE INTERVAL! 2-0! It’s as direct as it can be from Inter as Bastoni launches a long pass up the field from deep in his own half, which is latched onto by his international team-mate. Barella takes a touch to set himself before blasting a powerful shot that leaves Audero with no chance!,1
Colley's rash sliding tackle on Martinez earns the defender a yellow card.,2
sst: H. ÇalhanoğluINTER BREAK THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Calhanoglu swings a corner-kick into the penalty area, where it’s met by the rising De Vrij, who nods it powerfully past Audero!,1
Yepes receives the first yellow card of the game for an ill-advised tackle that brings Barella down from behind.,2
agner gets physical with Dortmund's goalkeeper during a corner and is shown a yellow card for his outburst. ,2
Hitz is shown a yellow card for getting into a bit of a melee with Wagner. ,2
ule’s clumsy challenge on Alcacer in midfield earns him a yellow card.,2
Jacob Bruun LarsenDortmund · Midfielder #34Bruun Larsen is sacrificed with eight minutes remaining for Delaney.   ,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Kovac takes a risk as he uses his third change to replace Muller with Wagner.  ,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #22Kovac makes a change immediately after conceding. Gnabry is removed for Renato Sanches.  ,0
sst: A. WitselCOMETH THE HOUR, COMETH THE MAN! 3-2 DORTMUND! The hosts do it again! Ribery loses possession deep in the Dortmund half to Sancho who immediately pushes the ball forward to Witsel. After looking up, the central-midfielder sees Alcacer streaking down the middle of the pitch with only one person marking him. The throughball is weighted to perfection and the striker gets onto the end of it and slips the ball past Neuer after beating his man in a race.,1
Asst: Ł. PiszczekDORTMUND FINALLY GET IT RIGHT! 2-2! Piszczek has the ball on the right, a step in front of the touchline and puts a fantastic cross to the top of the penalty area for Reus who smashes his shot on the half-volley, beating Neuer comfortably! A wonderful goal – and the home side are back in it once again!,1
Mats HummelsBayern · Defender #5Hummels will see no further part in this match, with Sule coming in to replace him. ,0
Mario GötzeDortmund · Striker #10Confirmation of the switch in attack, as Gotze is replaced by Alcacer.    ,0
ibery is shown a yellow card for a lazy challenge in midfield.,2
sst: J. KimmichLEWANDOWSKI RESTORES BAYERN’S ADVANTAGE! 2-1! Just as soon as they go level, BVB loses the lead once again! Gnabry plays a one-two pass with Muller to get into the penalty area, and his second touch is a beautiful back-heel flick into the path of Kimmich who chips it over Hitz to the far post for Lewandowski to once again finish from inside the six-yard box! ,1
Penalty GoalYES THEY CAN! 1-1! Reus takes a slow run-up and sends Neuer the wrong way before curling his penalty into the right-hand corner! The Klassiker is level once again!,1
Julian WeiglDortmund · Midfielder #33Weigl’s poor first half was capped with a yellow card, and Favre has decided to withdraw him during the interval. Dahoud is his replacement.,0
Akanji is shown a yellow card for stepping through the back of Lewandowski to win the ball.,2
Weigl is shown a deserved yellow card for a sliding challenge in midfield.,2
sst: S. Gnabry1-0 TO BAYERN MUNICH! It’s an easy finish for Lewandowski as Ribery spreads the ball to the right for Kimmich, who plays it immediately for Gnabry. The right-winger looks up and curls a textbook cross into the six-yard box for Lewandowski who pops up with a header!  ,1
ow everyone has calmed down, Hakimi is booked for his part in the incident.,2
adiashile is shown a yellow card for the challenge, and he is lucky it is going to stay that way, with replays showing his studs connected above Sarabia's ankle.,2
Lionel MessiPSG · Midfielder #30A quiet night for Messi by his usual standards, and he will now watch on from the bench with Sarabia on for the final few minutes.,0
impembe is the latest player to be carded after a lazy challenge in the middle of the park.,2
Mohamed CamaraMonaco · Midfielder #4Camara's night is over as Clement introduces Jean Lucas into his midfield.,0
Penalty GoalGOAAALLLLLL - PSG 1-1 MONACO - Neymar makes no mistake from the spot as he makes a slow run before sending the ball to Nubel's right. The Monaco stopper tried to get down to his effort, but the strike was too good, and it is game on in Paris.,1
Aleksandr GolovinMonaco · Midfielder #17An attacking change for Monaco as Embolo replaces Golovin.,0
Maghnes AklioucheMonaco · Midfielder #21Akliouche, who has been carded, also makes way for Minamino.,0
Renato SanchesPSG · Midfielder #18After a quiet night at the office, Sanches makes way for Danilo Pereira.,0
amara is the latest player to be carded after a late challenge on Hakimi near the touchline.,2
Akliouche mistimes his tackle on Neymar, and the referee shows him a yellow card as a result.,2
Kevin VollandMonaco · Striker #31Volland's night is officially over, with Akliouche on in his place.,0
Asst: A. GolovinGOAAAALLLL - PSG 0-1 MONACO - The visitors catch PSG cold on the counterattack, and they lead in Paris. Camara won the ball back for Monaco, allowing Golovin to play a teasing throughball between Kimpembe and Marqunhos. Kimpembe tried in vain to stop Volland, but the Monaco man kept him at bay before firing past Donnarumma.,1
Neymar is shown a yellow card for a stupid push on Volland. The pair were running alongside each other near the referee, and Neymar just decided to push the Monaco man to the floor. Bizarre decision!,2
Danilo kicks the ball away after being caught offside and is shown a yellow card.,2
Nicolás DomínguezNottm Forest · Midfielder #16Forest add a pair of fresh legs into the midfield. Yates comes on for Dominguez.,0
Ola AinaNottm Forest · Defender #43Aina scored the first goal of the game and is now coming off after an energetic performance at full-back. Williams is on.,0
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Luiz is usually influential in this Villa side but has been nullified by Forest. He is replaced in the midfield by Dendoncker.,0
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9Awoniyi's first start on his return from injury is now over. Danilo, who was a star in Forest's fight against relegation last season, takes his place in the attack.,0
Boubacar KamaraAston Villa · Midfielder #44Villa make a late change. Kamara has been one of their best players but is now coming off. Carlos takes his place.,0
Harry ToffoloNottm Forest · Defender #15Toffolo has been brilliant on the left and makes his way off the pitch with two assists to his name. Aurier comes on in his place, with Aina moving over to the left.,0
Kamara is the first player to go into the book after a late tackle on Elanga.,2
Matty CashAston Villa · Defender #2Cash is holding his shoulder and is now coming off. Villa change their shape, with Tielemans making his regular appearance off the bench.,0
sst: H. ToffoloGOALLL! MANGALA SCORES! 2-0 FOREST! Toffolo's cross from the left is kept alive by Awoniyi, who sends a short offload back to the left-back. It then goes out to Mangala, who blasts a right-footed shot towards the goal from the edge of the area. Martinez tries to push it away, but the ball goes up into the air and bounces just over the line.,1
Nicolò ZanioloAston Villa · Midfielder #22Emery has seen enough and has decided to make a change before the restart. Zaniolo wasted a couple of chances in the first half and is replaced by Bailey on the left.,0
Asst: H. ToffoloGOALLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM AINA! 1-0 FOREST! Elanga has been electric on the left and he brushes away the challenge from Cash before playing a pass back to Toffolo. He slides it across to Aina, who drives a low shot across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1
The Saints kill it off!!! It's Broja who finishes things with a brilliant goal, as he weaves into the box. He cuts onto his right foot before sending a superb low finish into the far corner, past the diving Areola to make it 3-1.,1
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27Romeu comes on for Diallo as the Saints look to hold onto the win.,0
Diallo cynically drags back Rice as the English midfielder looked to counter, and gets a yellow for his troubles.,2
Perraud receives a booking for a foul on the touchline on Bowen.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8Vlasic comes on for Fornals as Moyes tries to get his side back into the game.,0
enalty GoalWard-Prowse makes no mistake!!! He goes straight down the middle, and sends a powerful strike into the back of the net to make it 2-1 to Southampton.,1
Dawson is booked for the foul on Broja that led to the penalty award.,2
sst: I. DiopAntonio makes it 1-1!!! Caballero again looks unconvincing from an aerial ball and drops the ball to Diop, who manages to square it to Antonio before the striker taps into the net.,1
Kyle Walker-PetersSouthampton · Defender #2Livramento comes on for Walker-Peters at full-back.,0
Tomáš SoučekWest Ham · Midfielder #28Soucek is forced off with that facial injury, with Benrahma coming on to replace him.,0
Shane LongSouthampton · Striker #7Broja is the other half-time substitute, as Long makes way.,0
Moussa DjenepoSouthampton · Midfielder #19Stuart Armstrong comes on for Djenepo at the break.,0
Asst: K. Walker-PetersWHAT A GOAL!!! The hosts take the lead with an unbelievable strike, as Perraud lets fly from 30 yards out that arrows into the far corner. It's an absolute corker of a finish to put his side 1-0 in front.,1
Jan Paul van HeckeBrighton · Defender #29And Webster is brought on in place of Van Hecke, who is on a booking.,0
James MilnerBrighton · Defender #6Brighton's final change is a double one. Milner is the first to go off, with Dahoud replacing him.,0
Brian BrobbeyAjax · Striker #9Brobbey is also taken off, with Vos on for him.,0
Steven BergwijnAjax · Midfielder #7It's actually going to be a double change for Ajax. Bergwijn slowly hobbles over to the touchline and is replaced by Akpom.,0
João PedroBrighton · Striker #9There's a change for Brighton too. The other goalscorer, Pedro, goes off for Ferguson.,0
Ansu FatiBrighton · Striker #31Brighton's first change is a double one. Fati is taken off, with Buonanotte on for him.,0
Steven BerghuisAjax · Midfielder #23And Berghuis is also making way, with Godts replacing him.,0
Benjamin TahirovićAjax · Midfielder #33Ajax are making a double change this time. Tahirovic is the first to go off, with Van den Boomen on for him.,0
Asst: S. AdingraFATI SCORES! It's a wonderful team goal by Brighton! It starts at the back, with Gilmour sweeping it out to Adingra on the right. He checks back to lose Bergwijn before lifting it into the box and Fati's first touch sets him up nicely to slot his low shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 2-0 Brighton!,1
Carlos ForbsAjax · Midfielder #11Ajax are making a change at the start of the second half. Forbs is taken off, with Hlynsson on in his place.,0
EDRO SCORES! Brighton finally make the breakthrough! Dunk slides it through the middle for Mitoma, who knocks it away from Tahirovic before striking it low down the middle. Ramaj gets down to push it away, but he gives it straight to Pedro, who makes no mistake as he fires it into the back of the net. 1-0 Brighton!,1
Van Hecke has his hands on Brobbey during an aerial challenge and drags him back slightly when they land. The defender is in disbelief as he's shown a yellow card.,2
Mitoma shows too much of it to Berghuis and just catches the midfielder as he tries to keep hold of the ball. He gets the first booking of the game.,2
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Koke now comes off for Correa in Simeone's final change, passing the captain's armband to Oblak.,0
Mario is the latest player to get booked after foul on Lodi out wide.,2
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #7Simeone now brings Joao Felix off for Hermoso, adding a third centre-back as he looks to see out the game.,0
Fedor SmolovLokomotiv Moscow · Striker #9In fact, Smolov can't continue and is taken off, with Kolomeytsev coming on as his replacement.,0
Felipe hacks down Smolov and earns himself a deserved yellow card. That was a hefty challenge.,2
Vladislav IgnatyevLokomotiv Moscow · Defender #20Ignatyev goes off for Eder as Semin chases the game by throwing on an extra striker.,0
Diego CostaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Costa, who has looked a shadow of his former self tonight, is replaced by Lemar as Simeone adds a natural wide player to stretch the game.,0
Ignatyev picks up a yellow card after a frustrated challenge on Arias. ,2
sst: D. CostaGOAL!! Thomas makes it 2-0 to Atletico! It's a wonderful, sweeping move and Joao Felix releases Costa into space on the right with a superb ball, before the striker squares to Thomas for a simple tap-in!,1
OAL!! Felix gives Atletico the lead! Morata cuts it back to the Portuguese from the right and his first effort is saved, but the youngster follows in and fires the rebound into the ground and past Guilherme! It's 1-0 to Atletico!,1
Rifat ZhemaletdinovLokomotiv Moscow · Midfielder #17That change does have to be made, with Zhemaletdinov replaced by Idowu out wide.,0
homas goes in heavy on Zhemaletdinov and picks up the first yellow card of the night.,2
Leverkusen throw players forward and Barella is booked for fouling Amiri in Inter's half. There's no time left for Leverkusen though - the referee blows his whistle!,2
Tapsoba gets a yellow card for two fouls on Lukaku in quick succession. Leverkusen have really struggled to deal with the Belgian's strength and movement.,2
Kevin VollandLeverkusen · Striker #31The muted Volland makes way next. Alario will lead the line for Leverkusen for these final few minutes at least.,0
Lars BenderLeverkusen · Defender #8Bosz makes his final throws of the dice. Bender is replaced by the more attacking Bellarabi.,0
Eriksen receives a yellow card for tripping Havertz. Eriksen's given Inter an added threat with his incisive passing since he came on.,2
Julian BaumgartlingerLeverkusen · Midfielder #15Baumgartlinger is next to make way. Amiri is on for him.,0
Daley SinkgravenLeverkusen · Defender #22Leverkusen make a few more changes in an attempt to swing the game. Wendell is on for Sinkgraven.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10That'll be Martínez's last act of the game as he's replaced by Sanchez.,0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5This is a bold change by Inter who still want that crucial third goal. Eriksen is on for Gagliardini.,0
Danilo D'AmbrosioInter · Midfielder #33Inter respond with two changes of their own. D'Ambrosio is replaced by Moses in a straight swap.,0
Exequiel PalaciosLeverkusen · Midfielder #25Here's that Leverkusen change. Palacios makes way for Bailey. He'll play wide left. Diaby will move to the right.,0
ender is booked for that challenge on Gagliardini. Leverkusen's captain certainly looks fired up for what will be a crucial 45 minutes for his team.,2
Sinkgraven gets a deserved yellow card for that tackle which looks worse on second viewing. The referee goes across to chastise Bosz who voices his opinion a bit too much for the official's liking.,2
D'Ambrosio is booked for that challenge. What can Leverkusen make of this?,2
Asst: K. VollandGOAL! 2-1 LEVERKUSEN! We've got a game on here. Diaby and Bender both have shots blocked from the outside of the box and Volland finds Havertz. Havertz fires straight at Handanovic but it goes under the keeper's legs and into the roof of the net.,1
sst: A. YoungGOAL! 2-0 INTER! Leverkusen are in hot water already. Young rolls a low pass to Lukaku who holds off Tapsoba well. Tapsoba hauls the Belgian down as Hradecky comes out, but Lukaku cleverly prods home with his left foot as he falls. He is simply a master finisher.,1
GOAL! 1-0 INTER! Barella gets the opening goal for Inter! Leverkusen get themselves into a mess at the back and Young pings the ball straight to Lukaku. Lukaku's swivel and shot is blocked and Barella calmly sidefoots it into the net from outside the box.,1
Meunier is now shown a yellow card and the referee has been busy tonight. However, he has handled the game well and deserves praise!,2
sst: A. Di MaríaHAT-TRICK for Mbappe!!!! CLUB BRUGGE 0-5 PSG - The World Cup winner has totally changed the game and made it look like a walk in the park. He only stepped off the bench 30 minutes ago, but he breaks the home fans' hearts. Di Maria again sliced open the defence with a magical pass, and Mbappe stayed onside before finding the back of the net with a left-footed finish.,1
Eduard SobolClub Brugge · Midfielder #2Final change for the home side and Balanta replaces Sobol.,0
sst: A. Di MaríaSIMPLY BRILLIANT!!!! CLUB BRUGGE 0-4 PSG - Mbappe gets his second after a fantastic move, and he has Di Maria to thank after a tremendous pass. The winger played him into a great position, but he still had to round two defenders and Mignolet before finding the far corner.,1
Rits shows his frustration after flying into a tackle he was never going to win. The result is a yellow card and he cannot complain.,2
Emmanuel DennisClub Brugge · Striker #42Dennis is replaced by Openda as Club Brugge try to salvage something for the final 15 minutes.,0
erratti is shown a yellow card after a reckless tackle on Deli.,2
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21As always Herrera has worked tremendously hard, but he now gets a rest as Diallo steps off the bench.,0
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #18Icardi's night is done and he could well win the Man of the Match award. Two goals and now he can rest!,0
Asst: K. MbappeGOAAAALLL CLUB BRUGGE 0-3 PSG - Two goals in two minutes has given PSG the advantage they need, and they once again prove how clinical they can be. The home side fail to clear their lines and Mbappe gets to the byline before crossing for Icardi who does really well to adjust his body and fire past Mignolet from close range. Simply brilliant from the strike duo!,1
OAAALLLLLLL CLUB BRUGGE 0-2 PSG - Mbappe pops up at the right time to head home and surely put the tie beyond the home side. PSG worked their way into the box and Mignolet did well to save a shot, but all he did was palm the ball to Mbappe who nodded home. ,1
Charles De KetelaereClub Brugge · Midfielder #90Youngster De Ketelaere has been superb tonight considering his lack of experience but his night is over, on comes Okereke.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingPSG · Striker #17Speak of the devil, here comes Mbappe as he replaces Choupo-Moting.,0
Youngster De Ketelaere has thrown himself about tonight, but this time it is a step too far. He smashes into the back of Verratti, and the referee has no choice but to show him a card.,2
Choupo-Moting now becomes the first man in the book after a strong challenge.,2
Asst: A. Di MaríaGOAAAALLLLL CLUB BRUGGE 0-1 PSG - Silva carves open the home defence with a cross-field pass, and he picks out Di Maria. The winger takes a couple of touches before firing a pass towards Icardi, and the striker fires the visitors into the lead with a half volley.,1
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! NUNEZ MAKES IT SIX!!!!! 6-1!!!!!! Nunez continues the goal glut from the visitors placing the ball past Meslier. Alexander-Arnold floats a long ball over the top for Nunez to collect through the middle. He is comfortably onside and he ensures he steers his effort into the bottom-left corner on the stretch. A hammering for the hosts.,1
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Klopp takes no chances with Fabinho on a booking. He is withdrawn for Thiago.,0
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Henderson is withdrawn by Klopp and is replaced by Milner.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Firmino comes on for Jota for the closing stages.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah makes way after a two-goal performance for Nunez.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Diaz returns to action for the Reds as he replaces Gakpo.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Gnonto enters the action for Leeds to replace Harrison.,0
Luis SinisterraLeeds United · Midfielder #23Sinisterra is forced off for the hosts and is replaced by Forshaw.,0
Asst: J. HendersonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! JOTA SCORES AGAIN! LIVERPOOL HAVE FIVE!!!!! 5-1!!!! The Reds work the ball on the edge of the Leeds box before Jota's strike finds the bottom-right corner. Henderson collects on the right flank after a series of passes. He steers a cross towards Jota right on the edge of the box and he takes on a strike first-time that beats Meslier and finds the back of the net. All too easy for the visitors.,1
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Rutter enters the action to replace Aaronson. He will lead the line as Rodrigo also makes way.,0
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Summerville replaces Rodrigo in the final third for the home side.,0
Asst: C. GakpoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SALAH NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!!!!! LIVERPOOL 4-1!!!!! The Reds cut open the home side with ease on the counter before Salah applies the finish. Liverpool break down the left through Robertson, who steers his cutback to Gakpo. The forward unselfishly picks out Salah in the inside-right channel, who curls his effort away from Meslier into the back of the net.,1
Asst: C. JonesGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! JOTA SCORES THIS TIME!!!!! 3-1 LIVERPOOL!!!! Jota converts a minute after missing the target as he lifts his strike over Meslier into the net. Liverpool get a quick turnover in midfield and Jones threads the needle to release Jota. He takes on his strike first-time amid the on-rushing Leeds keeper and makes no mistake. Liverpool regain control of the game.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SINISTERRA PUNISHES A KONATE ERROR!!!!! 2-1!!!!!!! Leeds are back in the game as Sinisterra finishes cooly after robbing Konate. The Liverpool defender takes a terrible touch at the back and loses out to Sinisterra, who collects the ball surges through on goal. He only has Alisson to beat and he clips his effort over the keeper into the net. The perfect response from the Whites.,1
abinho brings down Aaronson on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: D. JotaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SALAH SLAMS HOME A SECOND FOR LIVERPOOL!!!! 2-0!!!!! The Reds extend their advantage as Salah hammers his left-footed strike past Meslier. Jota wins the ball in the middle of the park and drives forward. Salah makes a run from right to left and turns to receive Jota's offload. He takes on the effort first-time and blasts it past the Leeds keeper into the top-left corner.,1
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GAKPO TURNS THE BALL HOME!!!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! Gakpo converts from close range following a rapid break from the visitors, although it be controversial in the minds of Leeds. Firpo loses out to Alexander-Arnold, who uses his arm to make a block. He feeds Salah and goes for the one-two with the forward. Alexander-Arnold places a low ball to the back post where Gakpo has a simple tap-in.,1
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10That was Rashford's final involvement in the match as he goes off for Elanga.,0
Weston McKennieLeeds United · Midfielder #28Just before the game restarts again, Leeds are making another change. It's McKennie that's taken off, with Greenwood replacing him.,0
Asst: W. WeghorstGARNACHO SCORES! Gnonto is caught on the ball this time, and Weghorst's first thought is to poke it forward for Garnacho. He goes around Koch to get in front of the defender and then fires his shot across goal from the left of the box to pick out the far bottom corner. 2-0 Manchester United!,1
Asst: L. ShawRASHFORD SCORES! It's a brilliant switch out to Shaw on the left by Sabitzer and he holds off Summerville long enough to curl a cross in. Rashford gets between Wober and Firpo and thumps his header past Meslier into the far side of the net. VAR has a quick check for a possible offside. He's on, it counts! 1-0 Manchester United!,1
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11And for Leeds, it's Aaronson that's coming on for Harrison.,0
Diogo DalotMan United · Defender #20Both sides are making a change now, starting with Manchester United. Dalot is going off, with Wan-Bissaka on in his place.,0
Jadon SanchoMan United · Midfielder #25Manchester United are making a double change here. Sancho is the first to go off, with Garnacho replacing him.,0
Tyrell MalaciaMan United · Defender #12And Malacia is also taken off for Martinez, which means Shaw will move out to left-back.,0
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Leeds are making the first change of the game before they take their corner. Bamford is taken off, with Rutter replacing him.,0
In the build-up to that Fernandes shot, McKennie slid in with a high tackle on Rashford. He's protesting his innocence, but he's still shown a yellow card.,2
Summerville nicked it off Fred's toe and the Brazilian lunged in to try and make up for losing it. It's late and he's shown a yellow card.,2
irpo slides in on Sancho, and while he gets a slight touch on the ball, he catches the winger with his trailing leg. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
Nicolò CambiaghiEmpoli · Striker #28Cambiaghi comes off in the final minute of injury time, with Nicola trusting Marin to maintain the tie.,0
Weah's mistimed sliding tackle on Maleh earns the substitute a late yellow card - the third booking of the game.,2
Szymon ŻurkowskiEmpoli · Midfielder #27Fazzini will see out the remainder of the match in Zurkowski's place, as Empoli make a substitution as we approach injury time.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #11Looking to give Vlahovic a partner, Yildiz is introduced for Kostic, which will push Weah further out wide into a wing-back role.,0
Andrea CambiasoJuventus · Midfielder #27Juventus continue to make changes with all three points still a potential outcome. Iling is sent into the action while Cambiaso is recalled to the bench.,0
Asst: S. LupertoPARITY RESTORED! 1-1! It takes just 14 minutes for the substitute to make his mark, with Baldanzi receiving a pass from Luperto on the edge of the 18-yard box before firing a low shot to the far corner that somehow manages to evade the crowd of bodies and find its way past the goalkeeper!,1
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Allegri looks to add fresh legs into midfield as he sends Weah into the fray for Miretti.,0
Alberto CerriEmpoli · Striker #17It's two alterations at one time for the visitors, who also replace Cerri with Baldanzi.,0
Alberto GrassiEmpoli · Midfielder #5A first change of the match for Empoli sees Cancellieri sent on for Grassi.,0
LAHOVIC BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Miretti's corner-kick is met by Gatti, who prods it forward using his head for Vlahovic. The Serbia international sees it the whole way, meeting the ball with a spectacular over-the-shoulder volley from close range to give the hosts the lead!,1
alukiewicz fails to escape the attention of the referee as he’s shown a yellow card for a heavy challenge on Miretti in midfield.,2
HE’S OFF! RED CARD! After taking a second look at the incident, the referee comes back onto the pitch to overturn his yellow card, before showing Milik a red for his earlier tackle on Cerri! Juventus will be down to 10 men for the remainder of the game!,3
enalty GoalGOAL! 1-1 WOLVES! They can! Jimenez steps up and coolly rolls the ball past Pope after sending the keeper the wrong way. It looks like Wolves' unbeaten record will remain.,1
Traore shimmies between Lennon and Pieters, forcing Lennon to haul him down again. It's a crude tactic by Burnley but they rightly prefer to give away the foul than have Traore running past them - Wolves do nothing with the free-kick.,2
Dwight McNeilBurnley · Midfielder #11McNeil trots off before Wolves take the free-kick - Hendrick will take his place for these final few minutes.,0
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Barnes won't be adding further to his goalscoring tally today. He's replaced up front by Rodriguez.,0
Matt DohertyWolves · Midfielder #2Known speedster Traore replaces Doherty on Wolves' right flank. Can he come up with the goods late on?,0
Morgan Gibbs-WhiteWolves · Midfielder #17Wolves also make a change. Gibbs-White goes off for the 19-year-old Portuguese winger Neto. It'll be interesting to see what he can do.,0
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Gudmundsson's game is over. He's replaced on Burnley's right flank by Lennon.,0
arkowski is booked for a bad foul on Jota. Mee shows what he thinks of the decision by pushing over Jimenez but the ref decides to let him off.,2
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28There's the Wolves change - Moutinho off, Dendoncker on. Maybe Dendoncker will give them some more energy in midfield.,0
Asst: D. McNeilGOAL! 1-0 BURNLEY! Barnes has done it again! It's a simple goal after Burnley knock a ball forward and Wolves can't clear it. Barnes chests it down, takes it on the half-volley and smashes it past Patricio.,1
Becao is also shown a yellow card for his reaction, confronting his opponent and starting a bit of a fray.,2
onali charges into Becao during a race for the loose ball, which sends the centre-back to the floor and earns the Milan midfielder a yellow card.,2
bosele is shown a yellow card immediately after coming on, for a scissoring tackle on Leao.,2
Destiny UdogieUdinese · Midfielder #13Udogie is also given an early break with Zeegelaar ready to take his place.,0
Kingsley EhizibueUdinese · Midfielder #19Ehizibue makes way for Ebosele as Udinese add fresh legs to the flank.,0
Roberto PereyraUdinese · Midfielder #37Pereyra is replaced by Arslan with nine minutes left in the contest.,0
Fikayo TomoriMilan · Defender #23Tomori's rough evening comes to an end with Calabria on in relief.,0
Isaac SuccessUdinese · Striker #7Success' match comes to an end 16 minutes early, with Thauvin given a chance to stretch his legs.,0
Lazar SamardžićUdinese · Midfielder #24Lovric comes in for Samardzic as Udinese begin to make changes.,0
Asst: D. UdogieUDINESE MAKE IT THREE! Success keeps the ball in play ahead of the byline, beating Thiaw who had gone down in the process. The striker intelligently cuts it back to Udogie, whose first touch takes it to Ehizibue at the back post. Despite claims of offside, the right wing-back holds his position and taps an easy ball into the back of the net!,1
Walace’s reckless sliding challenge brings Krunic down and earns the Udinese midfielder a yellow card.,2
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Looking to add a bit more in the attack, Pioli sends Rebic on for Saelemaekers.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Krunic comes on for Bennacer in a Midfield change for Milan.,0
Kalulu’s late tackle on Udogie has left him in a bit of pain 25 yards from Milan’s goal. It’s a yellow card for the defender, while the Udinese wing-back requires a bit of treatment from the medical staff before the set-piece.,2
sst: S. IsaacIT GETS CRAZIER! 2-1 UDINESE! Udinese come back up the pitch after conceding through Udogie, who slips inside the penalty area during an attempted pass, which fortunately moves the ball to Success. The striker then plays a low cross towards the penalty spot for Beto, who gets ahead of Thiaw and turns it past Maignan!,1
Penalty GoalIBRAHIMOVIC MAKES NO MISTAKE THIS TIME! 1-1! After missing the first - chalked off - penalty, the Milan captain steps up to make amends and does so with a furious shot into the top corner from 12 yards out!,1
Perez is forced to tug Saelemaekers' kit in a cynical attempt to stop the progress of the wing-back, giving away a free-kick on the right flank. It's a yellow card for the Udinese defender.,2
Asst: L. SamardžićWHAT A GOAL! 1-0 UDINESE! Incredible dribbling from Samardzic, who wins the ball back near the centre-circle and slaloms into the penalty area, leaving Tomori wobbling helplessly. Before getting his shot away, Pereyra takes advantage and latches onto the ball before slotting it into the far corner!,1
Oliver NorwoodSheffield United · Midfielder #16Final roll of the dice for United now as Brewster comes on in place of Norwood.,0
Timo WernerChelsea · Midfielder #11Final change for Chelsea now, and it's Kante that's coming on for Werner because of an injury.,0
Kean BryanSheffield United · Defender #29Second change for United now and Wilder is bringing on Sharp in place of Bryan.,0
Oliver BurkeSheffield United · Striker #14There's a change for United as well, with McGoldrick coming on to replace Burke.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18Double change for Chelsea now and Giroud is the first to make way as he comes off for Hudson-Odoi.,0
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Midfielder #21Chilwell is also taken off, with Alonso on in his place.,0
enalty GoalJORGINHO SCORES! It's a confident penalty from him and he does his trademark hop before striking the ball. Ramsdale is wrongfooted and the Brazilian slots it into the net to restore Chelsea's lead. 2-1 Chelsea! ,1
Asst: T. WernerMOUNT SCORES! Nobody picks up his run to the edge of the box and he's in a lot of space when Werner picks him out. He hits the shot first time, sending it across goal and into the far bottom corner of the net. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
asham picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Werner on the stretch with a late tackle.,2
Michy BatshuayiCrystal Palace · Striker #23Batshuayi makes way in Hodgson's third change, with Ayew coming on to replace him up front.,0
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Striker #19Barnes is now replaced by Okazaki as Puel makes his final, desperate change. ,0
vans is subsequently booked for the challenge, to add to his misery.,2
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Striker #10Townsend trudges off for Kouyate for the final 10 minutes.,0
Mamadou SakhoCrystal Palace · Defender #12After some treatment, Sakho is eventually replaced by Dann at the back.,0
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #21Midfielder Tielemans is replaced by striker Iheanacho as Puel tries to get his team back on level terms again, but it's not gone down well with the crowd.,0
McArthur now joins Ndidi in the book for bundling Maddison over on the edge of the box in cynical fashion.,2
Rachid GhezzalLeicester City · Striker #31Gray replaces Ghezzal at the break as Puel looks to get his side back in the game.,0
Ndidi picks up the first yellow card of the day for what seemed like a fairly innocuous challenge, but the referee deems it to be cynical.,2
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Final change of the game sees Coman replaced by Muller.,0
ewandowski is now in the book after a strong challenge near the halfway line.,2
James RodríguezBayern · Midfielder #11Kovac attempts to waste more time by bringing on Martinez in place of Rodriguez.,0
Ondrej DudaHertha · Midfielder #10Hertha boss Dardai tries one final change as Duda comes off for Torunarigha.,0
Per Ciljan SkjelbredHertha · Midfielder #3Another change for Hertha, Skjelbred comes off and on in his place is Lustenberger.,0
Asst: R. LewandowskiGOAAAALLLL Hertha 2-3 Bayern - The Bavarians strike first in stoppage time after their hard work finally pays off. Hertha decided to sit back in their own box and were punished eventually. Ribery's cross was cleared towards Lewandowski but the striker stayed alert and looped the ball to the back post where Coman was waiting to head home in front of a crowd of Hertha players.,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #22Late change for Bayern sees Ribery replace two-goal hero Gnabry.,0
Salomon KalouHertha · Midfielder #8Kalou has endured a quiet night and he is now replaced by Klunter for the final eight minutes.,0
GOAAAALLLL Hertha 2-2 Bayern - Selke changes the game just minutes after coming off the bench as he taps home from a tight angle. The striker was gifted the opportunity by Hummels who got his bearings all wrong in defence. A long ball caused him to panic and his header back to Ulreich was far too short and Selke bundled it home. ,1
Vedad IbiševićHertha · Striker #19Ibisevic has barely had a kick tonight and he is now replaced by Selke.,0
Asst: J. RodríguezGOAALLLLL Hertha 1-2 Bayern - Gnabry grabs his second goal of the game thanks to a quick counter from the visitors. Rodriguez found space in midfield before playing his team-mate into the channel on the edge of the box. Gnabry stayed onside and used his superior speed to get to the ball before firing across goal and past Jarstein.,1
GOAAALLLLL Hertha 1-1 Bayern! What a response from the visitors as Gnabry levels proceedings in Berlin. Hertha looked to have the situation under control but a poor clearance at the back allowed the ball to trickle into the path of Gnabry. The former Arsenal man timed his run to perfection before smashing the ball past Jarstein.,1
Asst: S. KalouGOAAALLLLLLL Hertha 1-0 Bayern 0 - Hertha make a superb start on home soil as Mittelstadt opens the scoring inside the first few minutes. He latched onto a throughball from Kalou before picking his spot past Ulreich. A low shot found a way past the keeper and Bayern have got off to a nightmare start.,1
Goretzka tries to make his way down the pitch but he goes down too easily and he is going to be carded for a dive.,2
Brasanac is caught offside, but Umtiti isn't happy as he thought he was being fouled by the substitute. He's booked for dissent.,2
Abde EzzalzouliBarcelona · Midfielder #33Third change for Barcelona now and it's the other goal scorer, Ez Abde, that's going off, with Jutgla on to replace him.,0
sasuna are breaking quickly on the counter and Pique steps across Avila to stop his run. He's shown a yellow card, and he'll miss Barcelona's next game.,2
VILA EQUALISES! Barcelona just don't deal with the corner, and Moncayola runs onto the loose ball. His low shot is blocked by Coutinho, but it comes out to Avila inside the D. He hits it first time, and actually slices at the shot, but Umtiti sticks out a leg and the slight touch wrong-foots Ter Stegen and sends it into the bottom left corner. 2-2! ,1
er Stegen is taking his time over a goal-kick, and the crowd are making sure the referee notices. He's booked for time-wasting. ,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Midfielder #7Dembele went down after being caught on his foot by Cote and Xavi isn't going to take any chances. He's taken off after receiving treatment, with Coutinho on in his place. ,0
Gavi was caught on the ball by David Garcia and when he didn't win a free-kick, he stepped across the defender to try and win it back. He was late and earns a yellow card.,2
Ignacio Vidal MirallesOsasuna · Defender #2Vidal is the other player going off, with Cote on in his place.,0
Manu SánchezOsasuna · Midfielder #39And there's a double change for Osasuna as well. Sanchez is the first to make way, with Torres replacing him.,0
Nico GonzálezBarcelona · Midfielder #28Barcelona are making their first change now, and it's a defensive one as Nico goes off for Mingueza. ,0
Kike GarcíaOsasuna · Striker #18And Kike is the other player making way, with Budimir coming on in his place. ,0
Rubén García SantosOsasuna · Midfielder #14Ruben Garcia is also taken off, with Brasanac replacing him.,0
Kike BarjaOsasuna · Midfielder #11There's a triple change for Osasuna as they look to get themselves back on level terms. Barja is the first to go off, with Avila on in his place. ,0
avid Garcia gets tight to Pique, bringing the midfielder down. He's shown a yellow card and that means he'll miss Osasuna's next game.,2
Moncayola is sandwiched off the ball and Osasuna don't get the free-kick they're asking for. Sanchez punches the ball into the ground in a blatant show of frustration, and he's booked for dissent.,2
ruz is just one of the Osasuna players complaining to the referee about the Busquets handball, but he's the one that's booked for dissent.,2
EZ ABDE SCORES! It's a quick counter from Barca through Dembele down the right, and he lifts a cross into the near post. It's flicked on by David Garcia, but it falls at Ez Abde's feet, and he lets it bounce before hitting a shot straight into the roof of the net. Osasuna are convinced they should've had a penalty after it hit Busquets' hand at the other end, but the goal stands! 2-1 Barca! ,1
It's a late one from Ruben Garcia as he slides in on Ez Abde and catches him with his studs, and he's booked for it. ,2
t's a clumsy one from Vidal as he clips the back of Gavi's heels and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: J. MoncayolaDAVID GARCIA EQUALISES! And just like that, we're back level! It's a free-kick from Moncayola on the right and the Barcelona defenders just lose track of David Garcia in the middle. He rises highest, and he heads his effort down into the ground and into the back of the net. 1-1! ,1
Asst: GaviNICO SCORES! It's a lovely clipped cross over the top from Gavi, and Nico just times his run to stay onside. He's one-on-one with Herrera, who rushed off his line, but the forward keeps his cool to get the shot away quickly, curling it into the back of the net. 1-0 Barca! ,1
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah's game is over. He leaves the field, to be replaced by Origi. The Egyptian looks set to be Liverpool's matchwinner today.,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Midfielder #10Another change for Liverpool, with Keita replacing Mane as we head into four minutes of added time.,0
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13A final change for Brighton. Gross, who conceded the penalty which gave Liverpool the chance to take the lead, makes way for Kayal.,0
Xherdan ShaqiriLiverpool · Midfielder #23Liverpool have made their final change. Shaqiri is off, with Milner coming on. That means the Reds will switch to a three-man midfield, with Firmino moving wide.,0
Glenn MurrayBrighton · Striker #17Hughton has seen enough, and will now make two changes. The first substitution sees Murray make way for Andone.,0
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20March has also made way, with Knockaert coming on in his place.,0
Penalty GoalLiverpool lead! An emphatic finish by Salah, who makes no mistake with a powerful strike into the right-hand corner. Button guessed the right way, but could not keep it out.,1
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2Militao enters the fray to warm applause around the stadium as he makes his return from injury after missing the majority of the season. He will replace Carvajal.,0
Galarreta receives a yellow for hauling Camavinga to the ground.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Rodrygo leaves the pitch after scoring a brace, and Modric enters the fray.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Kroos, who has been at the heart of everything positive for Madrid, is replaced by Camavinga.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde's game is over and he heads to the bench. Vazquez will come on to replace him.,0
Oihan SancetAthletic Club · Midfielder #8Muniain comes on as Bilbao look to get back into the game. Sancet makes way.,0
Asst: J. BellinghamGOOOAAAAALLLLL! 2-0 REAL MADRID! The home side look to counter-attack and Bellingham finds himself in space, carrying the ball through the middle of the pitch. Rodrygo has peeled off to the left-hand side once again before Bellingham feeds it into his path, and he chops inside onto his right foot, darting away from Vivian. The Brazilian only has the goalkeeper to beat, and he fires it into the back of the net at the front post!,1
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Striker #21Diaz, who has been a bright spark for Madrid, is substituted. Joselu comes on to replace him.,0
Óscar de MarcosAthletic Club · Defender #18De Marcos' game is over and he heads to the bench. Berchiche comes on in his place.,0
Gorka GuruzetaAthletic Club · Striker #12Bilbao's top goalscorer, Guruzeta, is taken off. Ares enters the fray.,0
Beñat PradosAthletic Club · Midfielder #24Galarreta enters the fray for Bilbao and he will replace Prados in midfield.,0
Tchouameni goes into the referee's book for a reckless challenge on Vesga.,2
Yeray ÁlvarezAthletic Club · Defender #5Alvarez's game is over and he heads to the bench. Vivian comes on to replace him.,0
Asst: B. DíazGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 REAL MADRID!! Diaz feeds the ball into the feet of Rodrygo who has drifted out towards the left-hand side of attack. The Brazilian forward cuts inside onto his right foot and drives towards the penalty area and the Bilbao defence fail to apply the pressure, before Rodrygo sends a curling effort into the top corner from the edge of the box! It's a stunning finish from the Madrid attacker!,1
Meunier receives a yellow card after reacting poorly to a challenge from Foden.,2
Foden goes into the referee's book for a reckless and needless challenge on Meunier.,2
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9Phillips comes on for goalscorer Haaland to try and see out the victory.,0
Salih ÖzcanDortmund · Midfielder #6Moukoko replaces Ozcan to add more attackers to the Dortmund side.,0
zcan receives a yellow card after a reckless challenge in his own half.,2
sst: J. CanceloGOALL!!!!! 2-1 HAALAND!!!! Man City take the lead in stunning fashion! Cancelo sends a cross to the back post with the outside of his boot and Haaland scores against his old club with an acrobatic finish.,1
sst: K. De BruyneGOALL!!!! 1-1 STONES!!! Stones has scored an absolute screamer to equalise this game! He receives the ball outside the edge of the box and fires the ball towards the near post. Meyer could have saved it but does not even try.,1
Malen receives a booking for time-wasting after committing a foul.,2
Anthony ModesteDortmund · Striker #20Dortmund make a defensive change as Schlotterbeck comes on for Modeste.,0
Giovanni ReynaDortmund · Striker #7Malen replaces Reyna in the Dortmund frontline to add extra pace to a potential Dortmund counter-attack.,0
Jack GrealishMan City · Striker #10Foden replaces Grealish on the left-wing to help City find an equaliser.,0
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Silva comes on for Gundogan in the midfield to add more attacking prowess.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Alvarez replaces Mahrez on the right-wing to add more energy to the attack.,0
Asst: M. ReusGOAL!!!!!!! 1-0 BELLINGHAM!!!! Dortmund take a well-deserved lead through Bellingham! The corner is initially cleared to Reus, who crosses it back into the box and Bellingham flicks it past Ederson.,1
Rodri receives a yellow card after a clumsy challenge near the halfway line.,2
Vincenzo GrifoSC Freiburg · Midfielder #32Freiburg make their final change of the game as Grifo is replaced by Gondorf with only a few minutes left to play.,0
Lucas HölerSC Freiburg · Striker #9The home side make another change as the goalscorer, Holer, is replaced by Gulde. It remains 1-1.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Striker #29It is a double change for Bayern as Coman is replaced by Ribery with just over 15 minutes left to play.,0
Jérôme BoatengBayern · Defender #17The away side make their second change of the game as Boateng makes way for Sule.,0
Mike FrantzSC Freiburg · Midfielder #8Freiburg make their first substitution of the match as Waldschmidt comes on to replace Frantz. There are 20 minutes left to play.,0
Heintz goes in rather late on Lewandowski down the left wing and picks up a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Thomas MüllerBayern · Striker #25Bayern make their first change of the match as Muller makes way for Gnabry. It remains 1-1.,0
ollowing the free-kick, Bayern fail to clear their lines and the ball drops to Abrashi on the edge of the box who looks to go down under a tackle from Hummels, but is instead booked for diving.,2
Gunter picks up a yellow card after cynically bringing down Muller after the German span away from him down the right-hand side of the pitch. He cannot have any complaints with that one.,2
sst: L. GoretzkaGOAL! Lewandowski gets Bayern level! Following a corner from the right, Freiburg fail to clear their lines on numerous occasions and Goretzka is able to hook to ball back into a dangerous area from the edge of the box. Lewandowski does exceptionally well to control Goretzka’s pass before acrobatically finding the bottom left corner with a fantastic effort. 1-1.,1
ummels receives an early yellow card after bringing down Holer when the forward appeared to be through on goal following Schwolow’s goal-kick.,2
sst: C. GünterGOAL! Holer gives the home side an early lead! Freiburg work the ball well down the left-hand side. Gunter finds space to swing a cross into the area and Holer rises well at the near post and steers his header beyond Ulreich and into the bottom right corner. 1-0.,1
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGAKPO SCORES AGAIN! LASK committed a lot of bodies forward in attack, leaving so much space in midfield for Endo to exploit. He switches it out to Alexander-Arnold on the right, with his low cross being fizzed into Gakpo's feet. He quickly readjusts his stance before firing his shot past Lawal and into the far top corner. 4-0 Liverpool!,1
Konstantinos TsimikasLiverpool · Defender #21And Chambers is brought on in place of Tsimikas.,0
Ryan GravenberchLiverpool · Midfielder #38Liverpool's final change is a double one as two of the youngsters get the chance to finish the game. Gravenberch is replaced by Bradley.,0
Ibrahim MustaphaLASK · Striker #23Mustapha has to be half-carried off the field by the medical team. Kone is brought on in his place.,0
Filip StojkovićLASK · Midfielder #22And the final change sees Flecker come on for Stojkovic.,0
George BelloLASK · Midfielder #2Bello also goes off, with Renner on in his place.,0
Marin LjubičićLASK · Striker #9Ljubicic, who had LASK's only shot of note in this game, makes way for Mustapha.,0
Maksym TalovyerovLASK · Defender #4LASK are making a quadruple change in an attempt to add some stability. Talovierov, was has just been booked, makes way for Havel.,0
here was a foul by Talovierov earlier in the move, but the referee played the advantage to Liverpool. He now goes back to book him for it.,2
Luis DíazLiverpool · Striker #7And Nunez is also brought on in place of Diaz, who scored the opening goal.,0
Ibrahima KonatéLiverpool · Defender #5Liverpool are making a triple change following that third goal, but the strength of the team isn't wavering. Alexander-Arnold is on for Konate.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah hands the captain's armband onto Alexander-Arnold on his way off the pitch as he's replaced by Jones.,0
Penalty GoalSALAH SCORES! The captain finally gets a goal to cap a great performance! He curves his run-up to the spot, striding up to it determinedly. With the pace on his shot, it's in the bottom corner before Lawal can even react, and it's 3-0 Liverpool!,1
GAKPO SCORES! Salah floats an early cross into the box, but with so many LASK bodies in there, Gakpo and Diaz can't do anything with it. It's worked back out to the Egyptian, who drives into the area before squaring it across the face of goal this time. Lawal was drawn to him and Gakpo is left to tap it into the empty net. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
sst: J. GomezDIAZ SCORES! After working it inside from the left, it's Diaz who floats a cross out to Gomez on the right. He clips it into the box first time, with none of the LASK defenders spotting the Colombian's run straight through the middle. He's stooping to reach it, and it comes off the back of his head, looping into the back of the net at the near post. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
Zaniolo sees red for kicking out at a Betis player rather petulantly.,3
Asst: RodriGOAL! Betis take a late lead. Rodri crosses the ball from the left wing to find Henrique at the back post, who produces a magnificent header to beat Patricio and make it 2-1 to the Spanish side.,1
Willian JoséReal Betis · Striker #12Iglesias has come on for Jose as the central striker.,0
Andrés GuardadoReal Betis · Midfielder #18Carvalho has replaced Guardado in the centre of midfield.,0
Tammy AbrahamRoma · Striker #9Roma have made an attacking change - Belotti has replaced Abraham.,0
Mancini is booked in the aftermath of a dispute between several Roma players and Rodri over a ball that wasn't put out of play.,2
JoaquínReal Betis · Midfielder #17Rodri has come on for Joaquin - a man close to twice his age.,0
sst: L. HGOAL! Betis make it 1-1. The Spanish side move the ball well in the final third before Rodriguez unleashes a superbly-struck effort from the edge of the box that leaves Patricio with no chance. An incredible strike from the Argentine.,1
Penalty GoalGOAL! Dybala sends Bravo the wrong way from the spot and tucks his effort into the left side of the goal. A confident penalty to make it 1-0 to Roma.,1
Guardado has been booked for protesting the referee's decision to give a penalty.,2
Nabil FekirReal Betis · Midfielder #8Fekir's night is over through injury. Henrique has replaced the Frenchman.,0
Mehmet Zeki ÇelikRoma · Midfielder #19Celik picks up an early knock and is replaced by Spinazzola.,0
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Striker #26Hwang makes way for Hoever. It's difficult to see this as anything other than settling for a point from Wolves.,0
Nélson SemedoWolves · Midfielder #22Semedo jogs off and is replaced by the Belgian international Dendoncker. ,0
Josh SargentNorwich City · Midfielder #24Sargent trots off to be replaced by Tzolis. ,0
Francisco TrincãoWolves · Striker #11Traore is on for Trincao. Norwich will be wary of what he is capable of. ,0
imenez smartly plays it round the corner on halfway and Gibson clears him out from behind as he does. Gibson goes in the book and he can't really have any complaints. ,2
Mathias NormannNorwich City · Midfielder #16Rupp comes on in place of the injured Normann. Rupp's last start came in early September. ,0
here is some great movement from Pukki and he receives the ball in a dangerous position. Neves cynically hauls him back and goes in the book. ,2
ilmour bundles over Hwang as he races away from him near halfway. A clear-cut yellow. ,2
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Klopp makes his final change, introducing Origi for Firmino.,0
ilner is shown a yellow card for a foul he made on Lucas a minute or so earlier. Good refereeing to return to the incident.,2
Christian EriksenTottenham · Striker #23Pochettino makes his final change, bringing on Lo Celso for Eriksen. Too little, too late, perhaps?,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11That's Salah's game over and he's taken off, with Gomez coming on.,0
Serge AurierTottenham · Defender #24Aurier's game is over and Lucas comes on for the final stretch at Anfield. Not a performance to remember for Aurier, who gave away the penalty for Liverpool's second.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5Klopp turns to the bench and takes off Wijnaldum for Milner for some extra grit and energy in the midfield to help see this lead out.,0
Penalty GoalGOAAAL! LIVERPOOL LEAD 2-1! Salah buries his penalty to the right of Gazzaniga, who's rooted to the spot and doesn't move.,1
Ndombele is shown his first yellow card in the Premier League for fouling Fabinho.,2
Alexander-Arnold is shown a yellow card for a foul on Kane. It's needless as Kane wasn't going anywhere - perhaps a reminder of how young Alexander-Arnold still is! ,2
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Here's the change many expected - Ndombele comes on, but Winks is coming off instead of one of Alli or Eriksen.,0
GOAAAAL! LIVERPOOL FINALLY LEVEL! It's the captain Henderson! He starts the move with a cross which Spurs deal with, but Fabinho dinks it back into the box and Rose misjudges his clearance. This allows Henderson to get in and volley the ball into the ground and then into the far corner! 1-1 and game on!,1
ovren is the third player to be shown a yellow card, in his case for catching Kane's face with a trailing arm. Free-kick coming up for Spurs.,2
t's all heating up at Anfield! Rose flies in for a challenge on Henderson - to try and win a loose ball - but he's shown a yellow card. He'll miss the game against Everton next weekend.,2
Sissoko is shown the first yellow of a heated game. He fouls Robertson - tackling him from behind - and loses his composure in the aftermath, giving the left-back a shove to stop him taking a quick free-kick.,2
GOAAAAL! SPURS LEAD! What a brilliant start! Sissoko does excellently to skip away from a number of challenges and break the lines. He feeds Son to his left, who cuts onto his right foot and unleashes a shot that takes a touch off Lovren and hits the post - and Kane is there to head in the rebound!,1
eaten for pace by Bruma, a cynical trip from Jesus earns the centre-back a booking.,2
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Garcia sends on Natan to bolster the Napoli defence, with Zielinski making way.,0
For a coming-together with Gomez, Olivera becomes the latest man booked by the referee.,2
Abel RuizBraga · Striker #9Ruiz is also withdrawn; Pizzi is sent on to replace him.,0
Cristian BorjaBraga · Defender #26Braga are not content with just a point; they make two more changes. First, Borja is replaced by Marin at left-back.,0
sst: R. ZalazarBRAGA PULL LEVEL! Bruma scores his club's first Champions League goal for 11 years, as he glances Zalazar's chipped pass over Meret and into the back of the net! It's all-square at 1-1 now, with all three points back in play for the resurgent hosts!,1
Pointlessly picking up a booking, substitute Raspadori charges down a free-kick to delay Braga's attempted counter-attack.,2
Álvaro DjalóBraga · Midfielder #14Braga make a further change now, with Djalo coming off and Banza brought on in his place.,0
CarvalhoBraga · Midfielder #18Artur Jorge immediately responds: Carvalho comes off and Uruguay international Zalazar is sent on to provide fresh legs in the Braga midfield.,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Raspadori is also introduced, replacing Politano on the right wing for Napoli.,0
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Rudi Garcia blinks first, making a double substitution: first, Kvaratskhelia makes way for the more subtle approach of Elmas.,0
The card-happy referee produces his sixth yellow card of the game: Borja is booked for a pull on Politano.,2
Now, another Napoli player goes into the referee's notebok. Rather harshly, Politano is shown yellow for a foul on Ricardo Horta in midfield.,2
 deliberate trip on Osimhen results in a booking for Fonte, who now has to tread carefully for the rest of this match.,2
NAPOLI LEAD! The visitors' captain leads the way! In the first of at least four additional first-half minutes, Politano swings over a dangerous corner that eventually finds its way to the head of Osimhen. The ball then drops into Di Lorenzo's path, and the Napoli full-back thumps home a firm left-footed strike via the underside of the crossbar: 1-0 just before the break!,1
Initially penalised for an obvious handball offence, Djalo is then shown a yellow card for petulantly kicking the ball away.,2
icking up a needless booking, Osimhen's clear dissent towards the referee results in a yellow card.,2
Caught out by Ricardo Horta on the edge of his own area, Anguissa concedes a free-kick and will receive the game's first yellow card.,2
Amir RrahmaniNapoli · Defender #13An early injury sees Rrahmani replaced by Ostigard at the back, and the Norwegian returns to the heart of Napoli's back four after starting last weekend.,0
Depay does brilliantly to win possession off Bisseck and drives inside to try and create a scoring chance. Bisseck slides across and is shown a yellow card, but it looks like he got a touch on the ball. The German is not happy.,2
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Inter make another switch. Mkhitaryan has had 81 touches and won three fouls but is now being given a rest. Klaassen takes his place in the midfield.,0
There is another yellow card. This time Acerbi goes into the book after pulling Correa's shirt.,2
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Simeone makes a massive change before the start of the second half of extra-time. Griezmann scored the first goal for Atletico but is coming off for Saul.,0
Depay goes racing forward with possession before Calhanoglu slides him from behind. He is shown a yellow card, and Atletico have a free-kick in a shooting position.,2
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9Inter make a straight swap up front. Thuram missed a massive opportunity in the second half and is now coming off for Sanchez.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Atletico add more experience to their side. Llorente has looked threatening on the right after a poor start but is coming off for Azpilicueta.,0
sst: KokeGOALLLL! DEPAY SCORES! 2-1 ATLETICO! The hosts level the tie on aggregate! Koke collects the ball outside the box and threads a wonderful pass through Depay without looking in the direction of the forward. Depay takes a good touch before driving his low strike into the bottom-left corner. Everyone in an Atletico shirt rushes towards the forward and the crowd goes wild.,1
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Bisseck scored Inter's winning goal in their last Serie A outing and is rewarded with an appearance off the bench, replacing Dimarco.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Inter make another two changes. Barella made three key passes but looks exhausted in the midfield. He is off for Frattesi, who will give the visitors energy.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Atletico make a switch up front. Morata only hit the target with one of his three shots and is replaced by Depay for the final stages.,0
Nahuel MolinaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16Molina also comes off after having 67 touches in an energetic performance on the right for the hosts. Barrios is given the chance to make an impression.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Inter have been solid defensively, so it is somewhat surprising that they are changing one of their centre-backs. The experienced Acerbi is on for Bastoni.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Inter respond by making two substitutions. There is a straight swap on the right, with Darmian coming on for Dumfries.,0
Samuel LinoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #12Lino looked bright in the first half with his surging runs down the left, but he has been quiet since the restart and is now off for Riquelme.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Simeone makes two changes to try and help Atletico level the score on aggregate. De Paul has had 66 touches and completed 80.8 per cent of his passes but is now coming off for Correa in an attacking switch.,0
Hermoso is the first player to go into the book for a tactical foul.,2
OALLL! GRIEZMANN SCORES! 1-1! Atletico are right back into the tie! De Vrij makes a mess of a clearance under pressure from Morata and plays it straight to Koke outside the box. He loops a pass through to Griezmann, who crashes his shot from close range into the bottom-right corner. Inter lead 2-1 on aggregate.,1
Asst: N. BarellaGOALLLL! DIMARCO SCORES! 1-0 INTER! The Nerazzurri are 2-0 ahead on aggregate! Barella rushes down the left side of Atletico's box and pokes a pass inside to Dimarco, who thumps a right-footed effort from close range into the roof of the net!,1
Asst: R. FreulerGOOOAAALLL! Ilicic scores again and Atalanta lead 4-3! Superb move by the visitors, the best goal of the night after excellent build-up play. Freuler plays a quick one-two with Zapata, before laying it out wide to Ilicic, who curls the ball into the top left-hand corner of the net.,1
Rodrigo MorenoValencia · Striker #19Third and final Valencia substitution, with Rodrigo heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Florenzi.,0
Papu GómezAtalanta · Striker #10Atalanta have made a change, with Gomez replaced by Malinovskiy.,0
Francis CoquelinValencia · Defender #17Valencia substitution here, with Coquelin the man coming off and he has been replaced by Cheryshev.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Atalanta are level. it's 3-3 and Ilicic has his hat-trick. The visitors broke forward quickly on the break, with Ilicic receiving the ball in time and space around 20 yards out and he drills it into the bottom right-hand corner of the net. Great finish.,1
Asst: D. ParejoGOOOAAALLL! Valencia now lead on the night, it's 3-2! Torres with a superb chipped finish, after a lovely through ball by Parejo and with Sportiello racing off his line, it gave Torres the chance to just clip it over him and into the back of an empty net.,1
Wass is booked for his deliberate foul on Gomez, sliding in and catching the striker as he raced passed him down the wing. He will miss their next European game now due to suspension.,2
ondogbia is booked for his foul right on the edge of the box on Ilicic, stopping the striker from breaking through on goal.,2
sst: F. TorresGOOOAAALLL! Terrific header by Gameiro to pull a goal back for Valencia and make it 2-2 on the night! Torres delivers a superb cross into the box, with plenty of pace on it and Gameiro rises above his marker and powers the header into the far corner of the net.,1
Mouctar DiakhabyValencia · Defender #12Valencia have a substitution ahead of the second half, with Diakhaby replaced by Guedes.,0
Marten de RoonAtalanta · Midfielder #15Atalanta have been forced into making a substitution, with De Roon unable to shake off an eye injury picked up earlier and Zapata is his replacement.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Ilicic converts from the penalty spot again, sending Atalanta 2-1 ahead and they lead 6-2 on aggregate. This time Ilicic fires the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, sending Cillessen the wrong way.,1
Diakhaby is also booked by the referee for handling the ball in the box.,2
The first yellow card of the game has been shown to Coquelin for his foul on Pasalic.,2
OOOAAALLL! Valencia are level, it's 1-1! Gameiro pounces on a mistake from Palomino and slides the ball into the back of the net. Rodrigo plays a lovely pass in behind the Atalanta defence, which Palomino cuts out, but then seems to get caught in two minds as to clear it or let his keeper gather it. This indecision allows Gameiro time to just nick it away and then finish from close range.,1
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Ilicic won the penalty and he also converts it, Atalanta lead 1-0! The striker drills the ball straight down the middle of the goal, with Cillessen diving past the ball to his right, but almost gets to it with his legs.,1
Edson ÁlvarezWest Ham · Midfielder #19Alvarez's full Premier League debut is over as he is replaced by Fornals.,0
Asst: J. VeltmanGOAL!!! Brighton have a goal back! Gross receives the ball outside the penalty area and cuts onto his right foot. He drills towards goal, and it flies past the diving Areola into the bottom corner to close the deficit to two goals with the scoreline 3-1 to the visitors. Will it be a consolation or the start of an incredible comeback?,1
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Moyes brings on centre-back Kehrer for Antonio in a defensive change as West Ham look to see the game out.,0
sst: J. BowenGOAL!!! IT IS 3-0!!! The Hammers are surely on their way to victory now as Antonio puts them three goals to the good! It is sublime again from Bowen, who brings down a long punt upfield by Areola before finding Antonio with a searching pass. The striker jinks one way and then the other to wrongfoot Webster, before thumping into the bottom corner!,1
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Midfielder #18Chasing the game, De Zerbi looks to his bench. His first substitution is to bring on Pedro for Welbeck.,0
Asst: S. BenrahmaGOAL!!! WEST HAM ARE 2-0 UP!!! It is a quite brilliant goal as a sweeping counter sees Antonio set Benrahma away down the left. He is short of options at first, but when they finally arrive, Benrahma arrows a delightful ball for Bowen in the box. The Europa Conference League final hero brings it down superbly, before coolly poking past Verbuggen to put the Hammers well in control.,1
Alvarez goes in the book for a nasty challenge on Welbeck. Perhaps more concerning for the Hammers, though, is the fact the Seagulls will have a free-kick in a great shooting position.,2
Tomáš SoučekWest Ham · Midfielder #28The Hammers change does finally happen as Benrahma comes on for Soucek, who walks straight down the tunnel.,0
ard-Prowse receives the first yellow card of the contest for a poor sliding challenge on Gilmour in midfield.,2
OAL!!! WEST HAM ARE IN FRONT!!! Antonio again causes problems in the Brighton defence, showing his strength to dispossess Webster before squaring for Ward-Prowse. The former Southampton man sees his first attempt blocked by Gilmour, but he is alert to latch onto the rebound and smash home. 1-0 to the Hammers!,1
Josh SargentNorwich City · Midfielder #24Norwich bring on some fresh legs to help them see the win out. Tzolis replaces the hardworking Sargent.,0
Max AaronsNorwich City · Defender #2Aarons hops painfully down the tunnel, aided by two physios. Giannoulis will slot in at left-back. Byram will move to his natural right-back position.,0
Brandon WilliamsNorwich City · Defender #21Norwich are making a substitution. Their all-action left-back Williams heads off. Byram replaces him.,0
Pukki cynically drags Mykolenko back just past the halfway line. The Finn is booked for it.,2
arons gets booked for a reckless challenge on Calvert-Lewin near the centre circle. To add insult to injury, the Norwich full-back looks to have hurt himself as a result of the tackle. After some treatment he's back on his feet.,2
OAL! NORWICH CITY 2-1 EVERTON! What a finish by Richarlison! Everton put the ball back into the box following the corner and Krul can't clearly punch the ball away. It drops to the Brazilian who finds the net with an acrobatic overhead kick from near the penalty spot!,1
Salomón RondónEverton · Striker #33The ineffectual Rondon also heads off. Richarlison takes his place up front alongside Calvert-Lewin.,0
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23Benitez makes two changes for Everton. Their Colombian man mountain Mina replaces Coleman first.,0
Rashica's free-kick doesn't work out as Sargent's shot is blocked. Sargent keeps pace with Gomes as the midfielder powers forward and brings him down to stop Everton's counter-attack. The American is booked for his efforts.,2
eane picks up a yellow card early in this half for catching Pukki as he lays off a pass to his strike partner Idah.,2
Asst: B. WilliamsGOAL! NORWICH CITY 2-0 EVERTON! Everton are shellshocked! From the kick-off Norwich launch a lightning counter-attack after Williams wins possession. The left-back bombs forward and slips Idah into the box, and he slots calmly past Pickford.,1
The argument between D'Ambrosio and Paredes continue through the full-time whistle, with the two pushing and shoving inside Inter's penalty area. Despite the match being effectively over, the referee has gone over to show D'Ambrosio a straight red card.,3
Paredes does not escape unpunished, with the Argentina international also shown a red card for his part in the fracas. He's having to be contained by two team-mates while he yells something to his opponents during the slow march off the pitch.,3
Brozovic is also shown a yellow card at the end of the game, with the referee eager to stamp his authority on the match.,2
Inter are doing themselves no favours, with D'Ambrosio getting into a bit of a scuffle with Vlahovic. The referee goes over to book the substitute, who has had a bit too much to say.,2
Paredes takes a bit too long over a Juventus free-kick, with the referee forced to show him a yellow card for wasting time.,2
lahovic pushes Mkhitaryan over from behind 26 yards from goal, giving Inter a free-kick. Danilo is incensed with the decision of the referee and lets his feelings be known, only to pick up a yellow card for his outburst.,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #7Worrying signs for Juventus as Chiesa is taken off just 17 minutes after his introduction. It appears as though the forward has once again picked up a bit of a knock, immediately going over to Allegri to explain the situation.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Bellanova is on for Dumfries with Inzaghi keen to add fresh legs to the flank in the late stages of the match.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Defender #36A forward comes on for a defender with Correa replacing Darmian.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #90Lukaku also makes way with 11 minutes to go. Dzeko is his replacement.,0
Mattia De SciglioJuventus · Midfielder #2A change at right wing-back for Juventus sees Cuadrado sent on for De Sciglio.,0
Rabiot comes across to stop the run of Calhanoglu, sliding in a touch late and catching the foot of the Inter midfielder. It’s a free-kick for the hosts 30 yards from goal, while the France international picks up a yellow card.,2
Matías SouléJuventus · Midfielder #30Allegri has decided to complicate Inter’s lives further, with Chiesa set to make an appearance. Soule is recalled to the bench with 24 minutes remaining.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23The previously booked Barella is furious after seeing his number go up on the fourth official's board, with Mkhitaryan ready to replace him in midfield. He boots a water bottle on his way to the bench with a shake of the head, no doubt frustrated at his inability to affect the outcome of the game.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Dimarco looks to have hurt himself during his latest cross and will be replaced by D'Ambrosio almost immediately.,0
Gatti is the second player to be booked in two minutes, with his late lunge on Calhanoglu deemed violent play by the referee, who shows the Juventus defender a yellow card.,2
Barella is shown a yellow card for dissent, after the referee decides he's heard enough from the Inter midfielder. Clearly still unhappy about the decision to give a goal, he also protests the lack of a card after a foul on Martinez, which lands him in hot water.,2
Asst: A. RabiotJUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Danilo’s ball over the top of the midfield finds Rabiot, who brings it down fantastically well. After a quick interchange with Vlahovic, the France international finds Kostic open on the left, with the wing-back placing his shot into the far corner with perfection!,1
Chambers gives another free-kick away as he breaks up a second Spurs counter, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14And Perisic is also taken off, with Spence replacing him.,0
Pierre-Emile HøjbjergTottenham · Midfielder #5Final changes for Spurs now, and Hojbjerg is the first to make way, with Skipp on for him.,0
Ezri KonsaAston Villa · Defender #4And Ings also comes on in place of Konsa.,0
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Midfielder #10Villa are making a triple change. Chambers is brought on in place of Buendia.,0
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Luiz goes straight down the tunnel with the medical team after receiving treatment on his knee, and Bednarek replaces him.,0
Matt DohertyTottenham · Midfielder #2And Doherty is also taken off, with Emerson replacing him.,0
Yves BissoumaTottenham · Midfielder #38Spurs are making a double change here. Bissouma is the first to make way, with Sarr on in his place.,0
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7McGinn pulled up holding his hamstring a few minutes ago and received treatment. Emery won't be taking any chances here, and he's replaced by Coutinho.,0
sst: J. McGinnLUIZ SCORES! Kamara dispossesses Kane to pick out Luiz, who plays a one-two with McGinn as he darts into the box. Sessegnon loses his run and he has time to take a touch before knocking it past Lloris and into the back of the net from close range. 2-0 Villa!,1
uch to Konsa's frustration, he's judged to be time-wasting by the referee and he's booked for it.,2
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Striker #31Villa's first change is a defensive one as Cash comes on in place of Bailey.,0
Bryan GilTottenham · Striker #11Spurs are making the first change of the game as they look to find an equaliser. Gil's first Premier League start comes to an early end as Sessegnon replaces him.,0
Kamara surges through the middle on the counter, and Bissouma clips the back of his heels to stop his run. He's shown a yellow card.,2
ane sweeps the ball out to the left and Mings just clips him in the process, earning himself a yellow card.,2
Asst: O. WatkinsBUENDIA SCORES! Lloris makes a mess of the save to deny Luiz from range, as it bounces off his chest and back out. Watkins darts forward to take it off him before pulling it back for Buendia, who fires it into the near post with his first touch. 1-0 Villa!,1
Young slid in to clear the ball and Davies caught him as he jumped over his legs. All three of Spurs' defenders are now on a booking.,2
Off the ball, Lenglet pushed Bailey over to stop him from being able to chase Olsen's throw and he also goes into the book.,2
Romero slides in and sweeps Watkins' leg out from under him as he wins the ball. It's his second late tackle in the game, and he's shown the first booking.,2
Bram NuytinckUdinese · Defender #17Ouwejan replaces Nuytinck with three minutes to go. ,0
sst: A. RabiotRONALDO MAKES THE DIFFERENCE AS JUVENTUS OVERTURN THE DEFICIT! 2-1! Incredible! Rabiot charges forward down the left and launches a cross to the far post for Ronaldo, who turns it home from an acute angle! Scuffet really should have done better at the near post as the visitors take the lead!,1
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #16Cuadrado makes way for Correia as Juventus make a change after going level.,0
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #14Rabiot is sent on for McKennie, as the Juventus midfield receives an injection of fresh legs with six minutes left. ,0
Kevin BonifaziUdinese · Defender #14Samir replaces Bonifazi as Gotti changes things up after conceding. ,0
enalty GoalGOAL! 1-1 Ronaldo makes no mistake from the spot - sending his shot into the left corner! ,1
De Paul is booked for the handball which has provided Juve a chance to draw level in the late stages of the match! ,2
Tolgay ArslanUdinese · Midfielder #22Arslan was booked earlier in the match and with that in mind, he’ll be removed with 18 minutes remaining. Forestieri is his replacement.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10A change in attack sees Dybala replaced by Morata with just over 20 minutes remaining. ,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #33Confirmation of the change, as Bernardeschi is withdrawn for Kulusevski. He’s had a very poor match, failing to contribute anything of note from that left wing.,0
Pereyra is booked for kicking Cuadrado in the face during an attempt to control a bouncing ball in front of the Juventus winger. He’ll have no complaints about the card.,2
Arslan is shown the first booking of the match for a lunging tackle on Cuadrado to end a Juventus counter-attack. ,2
Asst: R. De PaulMOLINA GIVES UDINESE THE LEAD! JUVENTUS CAUGHT NAPPING! De Paul takes a free-kick outside the penalty area short to Molina before the Juventus defence could set themselves to defend the set-piece. Without anyone set, Molina steals into the area and blasts a shot high into the roof of the net! 1-0 to the hosts!,1
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Defender #8Milivojevic comes on for Kouyate in the closing stages of the match.,0
Andreas ChristensenChelsea · Defender #4Christensen comes off for Silva as Chelsea use their final change to shore up the defence.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Mount makes way immediately after scoring, with Ziyech given a chance to stretch his legs.,0
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Tuchel sends Kante on in order to preserve the lead - with Jorginho making way.,0
Asst: T. WernerCHELSA’S LEAD CONTINUES TO MOUNT! 2-0! Werner receives the ball on the corner of the penalty area, holding up play to attack defenders towards him before playing a square pass towards the middle of the park for Mount. The forward’s first touch bursts him by the last defender before he tucks a neat finish into the bottom corner!,1
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Vieira also introduces more creativity into his midfield with Olise coming on for McArthur.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp is replaced by Benteke in an attacking change for Palace with 20 minutes remaining.,0
CHELSEA HAVE THEIR BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Mitchell gives possession away just outside his own penalty area, which allows Havertz to charge forward towards the byline before cutting the ball back to the penalty spot. Loftus-Cheek is ready and waiting for the service, lashing a volley that takes a deflection on its way past Butland!,1
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14The first Crystal Palace change of the game comes in attack, where Mateta is replaced by Ayew.,0
Anthony Taylor is forced into his first real decision of the match after Havertz goes over right on the edge of the penalty area after Guehi’s outstretched leg appeared to send the forward over. After taking a second to think, the referee deems that there was no contact between the two players and shows the Chelsea forward a yellow for simulation!,2
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Confirmation of the enforced change that comes four minutes before the half-hour mark - as Loftus-Cheek comes in to replace the injured Kovacic.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Ayew slowly walks off the pitch after a selfless performance for Palace. He won three fouls and made two key passes. Schlupp is given the last couple of minutes off the bench.,0
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Palace striker Mateta hasn't had a shot but has been an important figure up front for the Eagles and has held up the ball well. He is now coming off for Franca.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Palace make two changes to slow down the game. Eze scored their second goal and is now coming off for Hughes.,0
Keane Lewis-PotterBrentford · Striker #23Lewis-Potter scored inside two minutes but is now coming off after a quiet half in the attack. Olakigbe is given the chance to make an impression.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Brentford make their final two changes. The first is a straight swap in the midfield, with Yarmoliuk coming in for Janelt.,0
Christian NørgaardBrentford · Midfielder #6Brentford make their third change. It is a straight swap in the midfield with captain Norgaard coming off Damsgaard.,0
Mads RoerslevBrentford · Midfielder #30Roerslev got an assist to his name inside two minutes and was causing a lot of problems down the right in the first half, but is now coming off. Onyeka takes his place.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Jensen's first start in six games comes to an end. He is replaced by Maupay, who is jeered by the home fans due to his previous association with rivals Brighton.,0
sst: M. GuehiGOALLL! OLISE SCORES AGAIN! 3-1 PALACE! Guehi has possession on the left just past the halfway line, and he sends a pass into Olise. He drives inside to get past Collins and rolls a low shot from inside the box into the bottom-left corner.,1
Ghoddos slips and goes through Olise. He goes into the book and will miss Brentford's next match against Nottingham Forest.,2
Asst: T. MitchellGOALLL! EZE SCORES! 2-1 PALACE! The Eagles come back from behind to lead! Mitchell has possession on the left and sends a pass into Mateta. He cannot control it, but it goes through to Eze, who gets past Pinnock and slides his shot across the goal and into the bottom right corner.,1
sst: J. AyewGOALLL! OLISE SCORES! 1-1! Palace are level! Ayew switches the play over to the right towards Olise, who beats Ghoddos before putting a cross into the box. He puts too much on it, but Ayew rescues it and puts the ball back into a dangerous area. Olise darts in at the back post and volleys across Flekken to score.,1
Asst: M. RoerslevGOALLLL! LEWIS-POTTER SCORES! 1-0 BRENTFORD! What a start for the Bees! Jensen starts the move with a clever backheel down the right to Roerslev. He sends a curling cross into the middle of the box to Lewis-Potter, who pokes it in from close range. There is a very long VAR check for offside against the visitors' youthful forward, but it will stand.,1
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! POGBA SCORES!!! 3-2!! The Frenchman does not use the same run-up as last week for this spot-kick. On this occasion he runs up and smashes his strike into the roof of the net, giving Ryan no chance.,1
Glenn MurrayBrighton · Striker #17Murray makes way for Locadia in the closing stages.,0
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Kayal replaces Gross for the home side.,0
Murray and Lindelof are embroiled in a battle in the air, which sees the Swede dumped on the ground. Murray goes into the book for the infraction.,2
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #11Fellaini comes on for Martial in the United midfield. It's their final change.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!! GROSS CONVERTS!!! BRIGHTON 3-1!!! The Seagulls have a third goal as the German holds his nerve from the penalty spot. It's not the best spot-kick as he drills it down the middle and it strikes of the legs of De Gea. However, the Spaniard cannot keep it out, deflecting the ball into the roof of the net. ,1
OALLLLLLLL!!!! LUKAKU GETS UNITED BACK IN THE GAME!!!! 2-1!!!! Lukaku notches his first goal of the season with a simple header from close range. Brighton fail to clear their lines from a corner and the ball is deflected into the path of the Belgian in the six-yard area. He makes the glancing contact needed to guide his effort beyond the reach of Ryan. Game on.,1
sst: A. KnockaertGOALLLLLLLLL!!!! DUFFY MAKES IT TWO!!!! BRIGHTON 2-0!!!!! The home side are in dreamland as Duffy places his strike into the bottom corner from close range. United failed to clear the danger from the corner. Knockaert worked the ball back into the middle where he found the unmarked Duffy. The centre-back picked his spot with a left-footed strike, burying his effort. United are stunned.,1
Asst: S. MarchGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MURRAY FLICKS BRIGHTON AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead as Murray converts from close range with a brilliant finish. Brighton built down the left through Bong, who found the run of March. The winger sent a low cross towards the near post and Murray made the move before flicking the ball with the outside of his boot past De Gea into the net. A super goal from the Seagulls.,1
Lewis DunkBrighton · Defender #5Balogun replaces Dunk for the home side.,0
Lee Kang-inPSG · Midfielder #19Randal Kolo Muani joins the action, in place of Kang-In Lee. He will want to seal the win for PSG here.,0
Amine GouiriRennes · Midfielder #10Amine Gouiri comes off for Ibrahim Salah as Rennes make another push for a goal.,0
Seidu gets booked for a clumsy tackle on Hernandez. Seidu is lucky that nothing serious happened to the French defender.,2
Ousmane DembéléPSG · Striker #10Ousmane Dembele comes off for Marco Asensio. He has had a brilliant evening in attack for the home team.,0
Warren Zaïre-EmeryPSG · Midfielder #33Warren Zaire-Emery is replaced by Manuel Ugarte, to give some fresh legs in midfield for PSG.,0
MarquinhosPSG · Defender #5Marquinhos comes off for Danilo Pereira in another defensive swap.,0
Baptiste SantamariaRennes · Midfielder #8Baptiste Santamaría comes off for Enzo Le Fee, which looks to be an attacking-minded substitution.,0
Nuno MendesPSG · Defender #25Nuno Mendes makes way for Milan Skriniar, as Luis Enrique looks to shore up his defence.,0
Dembele loses the ball near the edge of his area, and Gouiri latched onto it. Dembele fouls the Frenchman as he collects and goes into the book.,2
Guéla DouéRennes · Defender #17Guela Doue makes way for Alidu Seidu, in a like-for-like swap.,0
Ludovic BlasRennes · Midfielder #11Ludovic Blas comes off for Martin Terrier as Rennes attempt to bring a bit more energy into their attack.,0
sst: F. RuizGOALLLLL FOR PSG!!! Mbappe makes up for his penalty blunder and gives PSG the lead! He gets fed through by Fabian, cuts inside his defender and gets the shot away. The shot takes a deflection from a Rennes defender and goes past Mandanda into the bottom-right corner. 1-0 PSG!,1
RicharlisonTottenham · Midfielder #9Richarlison heads off. He's succeeding in winding Chelsea up here, if nothing else. Porro replaces him.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #17Meanwhile, Aubameyang takes Sterling's place on the pitch. Chelsea have lacked a proper target man here.,0
João FélixChelsea · Midfielder #11Chelsea make their planned changes, but they're probably in vain now. Mudryk replaces Felix first.,0
Asst: E. DierGOAL! TOTTENHAM 2-0 CHELSEA! It looks too late for Chelsea now! Son swings the corner into the middle. Dier flicks it on to Kane at the far post who steers it past Kepa!,1
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Tottenham make a change. Son comes on for Kulusevski. The South Korean will get the chance to add to his four goals from two substitute appearances this season.,0
Mount's caught by Romero as the Argentine attempts to pass upfield. The Englishman isn't given a free-kick. Instead he's shown the yellow card for dissent.,2
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Chelsea decide to make changes. Zakaria replaces the ineffectual Ziyech.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekChelsea · Midfielder #12Loftus-Cheek also leaves the pitch. On comes Mount in midfield for Chelsea.,0
Davies gets booked for a cynical tackle that stops Loftus-Cheek's counter-attack.,2
OAL! TOTTENHAM 1-0 CHELSEA! Spurs get off to a flying start to the half! Kepa saves Emerson's low shot from the right of the box. The ball comes out to Skipp, who leathers it into the net off the crossbar!,1
NO RED CARD FOR ZIYECH! On second viewing, Ziyech did shove a Tottenham player in the fracas but it's not enough for a red card offence. The referee downgrades it to a yellow to boos from the home fans. What a farce.,2
Emerson is next to receive a booking for his part in the argument.,2
Once the dust settles, Havertz is first to be shown a yellow card.,2
Thiago SilvaChelsea · Defender #6Chelsea make that enforced substitution. Fofana takes Silva's place at centre-back.,0
Llorente fouls Kroos and becomes the sixth player to be cautioned in this lively second half.,2
Kondogbia fouls Vazquez and Madrid have a free-kick around 20 yards from goal. Savic is cautioned for dissent.,2
sst: CasemiroGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! ATLETICO MADRID 1-1 REAL MADRID!! Benzema missed two glorious chances a little earlier but he makes amends with a late equaliser. He shows great footwork to play in Casemiro and his team-mate - playing effectively as a second striker - returns the ball to set up the simplest of finishes for Benzema into an unguarded net.,1
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Correa makes way for Kondogbia as Simeone attempts to shore up his midfield.,0
oao Felix fouls Mendy just outside the penalty area and Madrid have a free-kick in a promising position.,2
Correa fouls Mendy and is the latest Atletico player to be shown a yellow card.,2
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Joao Felix is introduced by Simeone for the final 25 minutes or so. Carrasco is the player to make way.,0
Carrasco is booked by the referee, seemingly because he took so long to exit the field when being substituted.,2
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #11Zidane makes a double change, with Valverde on for Asensio in the first of those substitutions.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #25Rodrygo, who has offered very little today, makes way for Vinicius with an hour played.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Saul takes over from Lemar in the first of Atletico's changes.,0
sst: M. LlorenteGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 REAL MADRID!! Make that 10 goals in 13 league games for Suarez against Madrid! The striker holds his run and gets on the end of Llorente's throughball before firing past Courtois with a trademark outside-of-the-boot finish.,1
Aurélio ButaEintracht Frankfurt · Defender #24Buta is also making way, with Baum on in his place.,0
Farès ChaïbiEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #8Eintracht's final change is a double one. Chaibi couldn't get his goal today and is replaced by Ngankam.,0
Ansgar KnauffEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #36Knauff is also taken off, with Hauge brought on in his place.,0
Omar MarmoushEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #7Eintracht are making a double change this time. Marmoush has been involved in three of their goals today, but now goes off for Hasebe.,0
Éric Junior Dina EbimbeEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #26Ebimbe won't get a chance to go for a hat-trick here, but he does go off to a standing ovation from the home crowd. Nkounkou comes on in his place.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Striker #7Gnabry made his way straight off the pitch after his treatment, and now there's a stoppage in play, Musiala can come on to make things even once more.,0
Pacho steps in front of Sane to shield the ball, but the winger wraps an arm around his neck from behind to drag him out of the way. He goes into the referee's book.,2
armoush is late getting across to Gnabry, and he's shown a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Midfielder #13And Choupo-Moting is also taken off, with Muller on in his place.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11It's going to be another double change for Bayern here. Surprisingly, the first to go off is Coman, who has provided the visitors' biggest threat today. He's replaced by Gnabry.,0
Asst: O. MarmoushKNAUFF SCORES! Gotze slides it into Marmoush, and it looks like the ball gets away from him as his touch loops up to Knauff on the right of the box. He's completely unmarked and slots his low shot under Neuer. The offside flag goes up, but after a VAR check, the goal stands. 5-1 Eintracht!,1
Asst: F. ChaïbiEBIMBE SCORES AGAIN! Despite a bright start to the second half, Bayern still haven't cut out the errors! Upamecano's heavy touch gets him into trouble, but he then fires his pass against Pacho. The rebound off the defender rolls kindly into Chaibi's path, and he surges down the left before teeing up Ebimbe to lift it over Neuer with a first-time shot. Eintracht's three-goal cushion is restored! 4-1!,1
Noussair MazraouiBayern · Defender #40Tuchel is making a double change at the break, and it's both full-backs that are going off. Mazraoui is replaced by Laimer.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19And Guerreiro is brought on in place of Davies.,0
sst: L. SanéKIMMICH PULLS ONE BACK! Coman dummies a shot on the edge of the box, but instead squares it to Nazraoui, who instantly tries to tee up Sane. He has no space, so pulls it back to Kimmich to the left of the D instead. He steps onto it, curling his first-time shot over the crowd in the box and past a static Trapp into the back of the net. 3-1!,1
Asst: O. MarmoushLARSSON SCORES! It's another mistake from Bayern, as Kimmich's poor pass is cut out by Larsson, and he sets Eintracht on the counter. He touches it into Marmoush, who carries it through the middle before returning the ball to the Swede, and he confidently slots his low shot into the goal. 3-0 Eintracht!,1
EBIMBE SCORES! Bayern will be so disappointed by that one! It starts with a hopeful long ball forward by Koch, and it's only through Knauff's persistence that it turns into anything. He outmuscles Kim to keep it alive before squaring it into Ebimbe on the edge of the box. He takes it down the left before firing his shot at the near post, and it goes through Neuer before trickling over the line. 2-0 Eintracht!,1
im is late getting across to Knauff and just catches the winger on the side of his leg with his studs. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
ARMOUSH SCORES! It starts with Buta down the right once more, and he curls in another cross which takes a slight deflection off Davies on the way through. Mazraoui trips over the ball trying to clear it, giving Chaibi the chance for a shot. He smacks the cross and the rebound is chested down by Marmoush, who then slots it past Neuer into the bottom corner. 1-0 Eintracht!,1
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Davies is replaced by Chris Richards in defence as Bayern look to tighten their lead.,0
Anthony ModesteKöln · Striker #27Modeste, despite his goal, makes way for Lemperle up top.,0
Dejan LjubicicKöln · Midfielder #7Two further changes for Cologne as they try and equalise again. The first change sees Ljubicic head off for Schaub.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Gnabry is replaced by Choupo-Moting in attack after a brilliant display.,0
sst: J. KimmichGNABRY AGAIN! 3-2! Bayern re-establish their lead as Gnabry controls a pass from Kimmich, before hammering an angled drive across goal and high into the net! Horn dived despairingly for it, but the strike beat him for pace.,1
Florian KainzKöln · Midfielder #11Another change for Cologne: Kainz is replaced by Andersson in midfield.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Goretzka is replaced by Tolisso as Bayern search for more energy to get a winner.,0
Asst: K. EhizibueUTH! 2-2! Cologne equalise after two goals in two minutes! The visitors hit Bayern on the break as Ehizibue charges down the right before whipping in a cross in front of Upamecano and into Uth who slides in to poke a close-range finish past Neuer!,1
Asst: J. HectorMODESTE! 2-1! Cologne halve the deficit immediately! Hector drives at Stanisic before whipping in a brilliant cross that flashes over Sule and into the path of Modeste who thumps a header past Neuer from near the penalty spot!,1
NABRY! 2-0! Muller sets Musiala free again - this time down the right flank - and the attacker hits in a dangerous low cross that flicks off Mere and into the path of Gnabry who slots it in from close range at the back post! ,1
sst: J. MusialaLEWANDOWSKI! 1-0! Muller sets Musiala free down the left flank and the attacker dances past Mere on the way to the byline, before cutting it back to Lewandowski who clinically stabs it in from close range! ,1
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Bayern switch things up with a double substitution to start the second half: the first change sees Sane depart for Musiala in attack.,0
Tanguy NianzouBayern · Defender #23Bayern's second change sees Kouassi make way for Stanisic in defence.,0
jubicic is booked after preventing Bayern from taking a quick free-kick.,2
oherty's booked for that challenge on Hernandez. It's Norwich's last chance. Can they make it count?,2
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Wolves substitution. Jimenez's job is done. He makes way for Cutrone.,0
anley is booked retrospectively for sliding into the back of Traore.,2
Alexander TetteyNorwich City · Midfielder #27Finally, Tettey goes off for Hernandez. We'll have to see how Norwich line up now. ,0
Todd CantwellNorwich City · Midfielder #14Second, Cantwell goes off for Srbeny who'll go up front.,0
Tom TrybullNorwich City · Midfielder #19Norwich make a triple change. First, Trybull makes way for Vrancic.,0
OAL! 2-1 WOLVES! And there it is! Neto plays a one-two with Neves to get free down the left. He beats Aarons to cross and Doherty fires straight at Krul, but Jimenez is lurking to blast the rebound in!,1
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Wolves substitution. Jota's game is over. He'll be replaced by Neto. ,0
Moutinho is booked for another foul on Buendia. The Argentine's troubling Wolves.,2
Asst: J. MoutinhoGOAL! 1-1 WOLVES! Wolves take the corner from the left short to Moutinho. The midfielder's cross finds Saiss at the far post who powers a header into the bottom corner.,1
Saiss is booked for committing another foul in quick succession, this time on Tettey. What can Buendia make of this free-kick?,2
yram gets a deserved yellow card for bringing down Traore, who'd played a one-two with Jimenez and was heading straight for goal.,2
Jonny bundles Aarons over on the right touchline and it's a Norwich free-kick. The wing-back receives a yellow card.,2
GOAL! 1-0 NORWICH! The ball comes loose in midfield and Norwich break quickly with Pukki finding McLean wide left. McLean rolls the ball across goal. Pukki can't reach it but Jonny's slip sets it up nicely for Cantwell who thumps it into the net!,1
anchez claims the delivery after a worrying bobble, and Brighton are tearing back down the far end. Basham commits the foul, scything down the attack and earning a booking.,2
rossard! The forward hooks a strike past the left post from outside the box, looking for distance to beat Ramsdale. The keeper then gets booked for time-wasting.,2
Graham Potter has caught a second wind on the touchline. His side were scrambling for a result and now they can win this.  Burke gets booked for a sloppy challenge in midfield, trying to hold up Brighton's attack.,2
GOAL! DANNY WELBECK LEVELS IT FOR BRIGHTON! 1-1! The former England man has spared Albion's blushes! The free-kick is played short, then crossed in, and the striker is there to slam Webster's header past Ramsdale at close range, wheeling away to get a quick restart. Game on!,1
Osborn cuts down the breaking Trossard and gets booked for his troubles. It'll be an Albion free-kick out on the right flank.,2
Ben WhiteBrighton · Defender #3Andi Zeqiri is Brighton's latest new face, replacing White.,0
David McGoldrickSheffield United · Striker #17Sheffield United make another change now, as McGoldrick makes way for Ben Osborn.,0
McGoldrick picked up a yellow card just as he exited there, though it's hard to say what for.,2
Neal MaupayBrighton · Midfielder #9Ramsdale pulls off a full-body leap to tip an effort over his bar from Brighton now. Graham Potter meanwhile replaces Maupay with Danny Welbeck.,0
Asst: D. McGoldrickGOAL! JAYDEN BOGLE HANDS SHEFFIELD UNITED THE LEAD! 1-0! What a hammer blow from almost nowhere! The Blades, a man down and on the ropes, have pulled a rabbit out of a hat! McGoldrick races onto the back of a one-two down the left wing, catching Brighton off-guard, and pulls it back for the substitute to smuggle over Sanchez!,1
Rhian BrewsterSheffield United · Striker #24As Brighton prepare their set-piece, United replace Brewster with Jayden Bogle. The delivery is lacking in bite once more - it has been a problem for the hosts today - and United survive this latest attempt.,0
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Midfielder #34There's been a change for the hosts at the break too, with Veltman replaced by Alireza Jahanbakhsh.,0
t is a red! Sheffield United are down to 10 men for the rest of this match as a VAR assist overturns the initial choice to hand out a yellow. Brighton can surely smell the advantage they have now. Lundstram is off!,3
h, this is a golden chance for United now. Dunk picks up the first booking of the game with a rather sloppy challenge and the Blades have a free-kick mere yards away from the edge of the Brighton box.,2
John FleckSheffield United · Midfielder #4That second corner deflects the other way, way back into midfield now, with play again paused for a clash of heads. United make an early change too; Fleck is replaced by Oliver Burke.,0
euer is booked for time wasting. A bit of a needless one here for the keeper to pick up.,2
James RodríguezBayern · Midfielder #11The final change of the match for either side sees Bayern bring on Sanches, with James the one to give way.,0
n an attempt to win the ball back high up the pitch, Weghorst commits a hard and late foul on Thiago, which sees him into the book.,2
Asst: R. LewandowskiTHAT MIGHT DO IT! Bayern restore their two-goal lead! It's 3-1! James produces a clinical finish from 10 yards after being picked out in all sorts of space in the penalty area, played through by Lewandowski! It has come against the run of play, and it should be enough to secure the points for Kovac's side!,1
Elvis RexhbecajWolfsburg · Midfielder #37A third and final change for the hosts sees Malli come on in place of Rexhbecaj. It's another attack-minded change for Wolfsburg, who are going all out in search of an equaliser.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #22A second Bayern change sees them bring on an extra body in midfield, as Goretzka replaces Gnabry.,0
sst: A. MehmediWOLFSBURG PULL ONE BACK! 2-1! Exactly what the hosts needed, and that's been coming! Weghorst, who has had little in terms of service this afternoon, finds himself left all alone in the penalty area as he gets on the end of Mehmedi's cross, smartly bouncing a first-time finish beyond a scrambling Neuer!,1
Josip BrekaloWolfsburg · Striker #7Ginczek is also introduced, at the expense of Brekalo who has been incredibly wasteful in possession, completing less than 50 per cent of his passes,0
Renato SteffenWolfsburg · Striker #8Labbadia immediately goes to his bench for a pair of changes. This is a positive one as Mehmedi comes on in place of Steffen.,0
BAYERN DOWN TO 10 MEN! Well that should certainly be a boost to the hosts' pursuit of a comeback! Robben is late arriving as he catches Rexhbecaj from behind to send the midfielder to ground, and the referee doesn't hesitate in showing the Dutchman his second yellow of the match!,3
AYERN DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! Calm, cool and collected is Lewandowski, who takes a cross from Gnabry, rounds Casteels with a clever first touch and slots the ball into the empty net for his second of the match!,1
David AlabaBayern · Defender #27Bayern have made one change at the break, with Rafael coming on to replace Alaba in a like-for-like change at full-back.,0
Following a decent passage of play from Bayern, Wolfsburg manage to close their gaps and snuff out the attack, which results in a rather theatrical tumble from Robben, who was hoping for a penalty. The referee is having none of it, and books the Dutchman for simulation.,2
Arnold is the second player booked on the day, just minutes after Thiago saw yellow - this shown to the Wolfsburg midfielder for a foul on Lewandowski in the penalty area, as the two were jostling for position while Bayern were waiting to take a corner.,2
angerous play from Thiago who gets his elbow up into the face of Steffen. That will see the Bayern midfielder into the book - the first yellow card of the match.,2
sst: M. HummelsIT'S BEEN COMING! Bayern lead 1-0! Hummels threads a perfect pass through the Wolfsburg defence, aided by a remarkably clever and clean dummy from Gnabry. Lewandowski, the intended target, runs onto the end of it and finishes expertly through the legs of Casteels!,1
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Midfielder #20Vazquez enters the action to replace Vinicius as the home side aim to shore up their backline.,0
Éder MilitãoReal Madrid · Defender #3Vallejo enters the action to replace Miltao for the closing stages of the game.,0
Zinchenko sticks out a leg to bring down Rodrygo on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Benzema again has led the line extremely well and is now replaced by Ceballos.,0
terling brings down Rodrygo on the charge and goes into the book.,2
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Rodri is withdrawn for Sterling for the visitors.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA PUTS MADRID AHEAD IN THE TIE!!!!!!!!! 3-1 ON THE NIGHT, 6-5 ON AGGREGATE! Once again in the Champions League Benzema holds his nerve. The Frenchman dispatches his effort low and hard into the bottom-right corner to send the Bernabeu into raptures. What a comeback from the home side.,1
Asst: M. AsensioGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RODRYGO LEVELS THE TIE!!!!!!!!! 2-1 ON THE NIGHT!!!! Out of nowhere Madrid are back in the game as Rodrygo dispatches a perfect header past Ederson. Carvajal delivers a precise cross from the right flank that Asensio flicks on, allowing the Brazilian to rise between Laporte and Dias to place his effort into the top-left corner. What a turnaround at the Bernabeu.,1
Asst: K. BenzemaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! RODRYGO GETS A GOAL BACK!!!!!! 1-1!!!!! Madrid have a glimmer of hope as Rodrygo converts at the near post. Benzema steers a cross from Camavinga towards the middle and Rodrygo reacts ahead of Ederson to fire home.,1
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Mahrez has made the decisive impact tonight to put City on the brink of the Champions League with a brilliant strike. He is replaced by Fernandinho to shore up the City midfield.,0
ilitao wipes out Grealish on the charge down the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9Grealish replaces Jesus for the final 12 minutes. City have fresh legs to run at the Madrid backline.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Camavinga enters the action for the hosts to replace Modric in the middle of the park.,0
CasemiroReal Madrid · Midfielder #14Casemiro is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Asensio.,0
Asst: B. SilvaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MAHREZ FINDS THE NET WITH A ROCKET!!!!! 1-0 CITY!!!!!!! The visitors take the lead on the night and a two-goal advantage in the tie courtesy of a super effort from Mahrez. Silva leads a break forward for City to the edge of the box before offloading to Mahrez in the inside-right channel. The winger connects first-time on his left foot, beating Courtois for pace and precision into the top-right corner.,1
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Gundogan enter the action to replace De Bruyne, who looks very jaded.,0
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2Walker hobbles off the field and is replaced by Zinchenko. Cancelo will move to right-back.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Rodrygo replaces Kroos for the home side, which will see Valverde slide back into midfield.,0
arvajal brings down De Bruyne with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Laporte goes down theatrically after being caught by Modric and brushes the Madrid man's face with his hand in the process. He is booked too.,2
HOCHOLAVA IS OFF! In his frustration, Khocholava kicks out a leg at Isco, catching the Spaniard on his calf with his studs. The referee initially shows a yellow card, but then he's called over to the monitor by VAR. It's a really poor challenge, and the defender is shown a straight red after the referee sees the replay.,3
ONTIEL SCORES! Copenhagen were committing a lot of bodies forward to try and get a late goal, and Sevilla punish them on the counter. Lamela plays a throughball out to Montiel on the right before getting it back on the edge of the D. His low shot is well saved by Grabara, but Montiel is on hand to tap-in the rebound. 3-0 Sevilla!,1
Asst: M. AcuñaISCO SCORES! And that should do it for Sevilla! Acuna gets straight up after being brought down just inside the box, and he pulls it back to Isco on the edge of the area. He has time to get his head up before curling a wonderful shot over Grabara and into the far top corner of the net. 2-0 Sevilla!,1
orensen has two attempts at dragging Isco back, and he goes into the referee's book.,2
Elias JelertCopenhagen · Defender #19And Sorensen is coming on in place of Jelert.,0
William ClemCopenhagen · Midfielder #36Clem is also making way, with Oskarsson replacing him.,0
Valdemar LundCopenhagen · Defender #27Triple change for Copenhagen now. Lund is the first to go off, with Diks on in his place.,0
ontiel is arguing against a free-kick that was awarded to Copenhagen, and he's eventually booked for dissent.,2
Papu GómezSevilla · Striker #24Sevilla's final change sees Acuna come on to replace Gomez.,0
Hákon Arnar HaraldssonCopenhagen · Striker #30Copenhagen are making another change now. Haraldsson goes off for Cornelius.,0
Lamela clipped Daramy's heels and then just kicked the ball away from the winger before he could take a quick free-kick. He's booked for dissent.,2
Youssef En-NesyriSevilla · Striker #15En-Nesyri pulled up with an injury a couple of moments ago and the goalscorer is being taken off just 25 minutes after his introduction. Mir replaces him.,0
laesson picks up the first yellow card of the game after clipping the back of Isco's heels.,2
Ísak Bergmann JóhannessonCopenhagen · Striker #8Copenhagen are making their first change in the aftermath of that goal, and it's 16-year-old Bardghji that's coming on for Johannesson.,0
Asst: Papu GómezEN-NESYRI SCORES! It's not the best cross from Gomez as he cut inside from the left as he chipped it down the middle, but Jelert failed to make the clearance in the middle. En-Nesyri gets the slightest glance to catch out Grabara and it bounces past the keeper into the back of the net. 1-0 Sevilla!,1
SusoSevilla · Striker #7Another change for Sevilla and it's Suso that's making way for Lamela.,0
Kasper DolbergSevilla · Striker #5There's a change for Sevilla at the break, and it's Dolberg that's taken off for En-Nesyri.,0
Wilfried GnontoLeeds United · Midfielder #29Meanwhile, Joseph is introduced in place of Gnonto.,0
Weston McKennieLeeds United · Midfielder #28Another double-change from Leeds. McKennie makes way for Greenwood in the first of them.,0
Marcel SabitzerMan United · Midfielder #15Lindelof is also introduced by Ten Hag with Sabitzer making way.,0
Diogo DalotMan United · Defender #20A double-change for the hosts. The first sees Malacia replace Dalot.,0
Sabitzer takes out Gnonto and has his name taken by the referee.,2
irpo takes one for the team as he drags back Rashford, who was threatening to race away on the counter.,2
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Harrison is also sacrificed with Aaronson taking his place.,0
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Leeds respond with a double-change. The first sees Rutter replace Bamford.,0
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #49Pellistri also enters the action with Garnacho making way.,0
Wout WeghorstMan United · Striker #27It's a double-change for the hosts. The first sees Sancho replace Weghorst.,0
McKennie prevents Fred from taking a quick free-kick and goes into the book.,2
Pascal StruijkLeeds United · Defender #21Shrewdly, Leeds take no chances and Struijk is replaced by Firpo.,0
Luis SinisterraLeeds United · Midfielder #23Sinisterra cannot continue in this game and he is replaced by Summerville.,0
Asst: L. ShawGOALLLLLLLL!! RASHFORD GETS ONE BACK!! 2-1!!! Rashford turns and finishes well into the bottom corner from Shaw's cross. The United left-back raided forward down the left and cut the ball back into the middle. Rashford took one touch to control before dispatching a low strike into the back of the net. It's probably too little too late for the visitors.,1
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Costa replaces Jimenez for the home side.,0
Dalot fouls Moutinho on the edge of the Wolves box in desperation to regain possession. The home side are almost there.,2
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Jota comes off the field to be replaced by Traore.,0
Nemanja MatićMan United · Midfielder #31Mata is on for the final four minutes.,0
Coady is booked for bringing down Rashford in the middle of the park.,2
indelof is given a reprieve by the video referee and goes into the book only.,2
Asst: R. NevesGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! JOTA FIRES HOME!!! 2-0 WOLVES!!! The home side take a huge stride towards the semi-finals as Jota drills a strike past Romero. Shaw has a bad time at the back for the visitors as his aimless ball is cleared with ease, allowing Neves to release the Portuguese. Jota twists and turns his way past Shaw before taking on a strike on his left foot, which flies past Romero into the back of the net.,1
OALLLLLLLLLLl!!!! JIMENEZ PUTS WOLVES AHEAD!! 1-0!!! The home side take a deserved lead through a fine strike from Jimenez. Moutinho is the architect with a run through the United defence down the left flank. He bundles the ball to his team-mate, who sees his first shot blocked. However, he then fires towards the bottom corner on the turn with a crisp right-footed effort that beats Romero.,1
Herrera is the third United player to be booked. His challenge on Jota was the cause of his caution from the referee.,2
Rashford flies into a challenge with Dendoncker and goes into the book. He will miss the next game should United advance.,2
Matic is booked for his challenge on Jimenez. He will miss the semi-final should United progress.,2
eves copies Boly in bringing down Pogba on the run in the middle of the park. He is booked as well.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8Fornals is withdrawn for Downes for the closing stages.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! ANTONIO SURELY WRAPS UP THE WIN!!!!!! 3-1 WEST HAM!!!!! The Hammers take a huge stride towards the three points as Antonio finishes with the aid of fortune. He is played through by Cresswell and only has Leno to beat. Leno saves his first tame effort, but Ream gets in the way of his keeper as he attempts to smother the ball. It rebounds out to Antonio, who takes a touch and slots it home.,1
Neeskens KebanoFulham · Midfielder #7Duffy replaces Kebano to give Fulham an aerial target in the final third.,0
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #11Emerson comes on to the field to replace Paqueta for the closing stages.,0
Kehrer pulls back Kebano down the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Gianluca ScamaccaWest Ham · Striker #7Scamacca is withdrawn after a fine performance. Antonio replaces the forward for the final 10 minutes.,0
Daniel JamesFulham · Midfielder #21James is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Wilson.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Onomah enters the action in the middle of the park to replace Pereira.,0
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #6Reed is withdrawn by the visitors and is replaced in the midfield by Cairney.,0
Vinicius is also booked for dissent after the VAR check. Fulham have to be very careful here.,2
sst: Lucas PaquetáGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SCAMACCA LOBS LENO TO FIRE WEST HAM IN FRONT!!!!! 2-1!!!! The Italian latches on to a throughball from Paqueta and lifts his strike over the onrushing Leno into the net. Paqueta threads the needle to release Scamacca and he takes a touch before applying the finish. There is a lengthy VAR check for offside and a potential handball, but the goal is awarded.,1
eed is booked for dissent after he vents his frustration at the referee after Palhinha is adjudged to have fouled Scamacca.,2
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BOWEN LEVELS FOR WEST HAM!! 1-1!!!! The Hammers are level as Bowen slots his effort from 12 yards into the back of the net. He goes for a left-footed strike from the penalty spot and sends his effort into the bottom-left corner as Leno dives the wrong way.,1
Pereira is booked by the referee for hauling down Dawson in the box.,2
Asst: N. KebanoWHAT A GOAL FROM PEREIRA!!!!!!!! FULHAM TAKE THE LEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!! Pereira hammers a strike past Fabianski from a tight angle to fire Fulham in front. Kebano threads a pass down the inside-left channel for Pereira to chase. He takes on the shot despite the angle and beats the West Ham keeper with a rocket of a strike into the roof of the net.,1
Wolves' misery is completed as Boly is shown a second yellow card for bringing down Richarlison.,3
eto is booked for bringing down Richarlison after a poor touch left him desperate to recover the situation.,2
Rúben NevesWolves · Midfielder #8A third and final change from Wolves sees Neves make way for new signing Pedro Neto.,0
sst: L. DigneWHAT A HEADER!!! RICHARLISON HEADS EVERTON BACK IN FRONT! The Toffees regain the lead with 10 minutes remaining as the Brazilian ghosts into the area to meet Digne's cross, and brilliantly guide a header beyond the dive of Patricio.,1
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17The other sees Bernard introduced in favour of Iwobi.,0
Moise KeanEverton · Striker #27Everton respond by making a double-substitution. The first sees Kean make way for Dominic Calvert-Lewin.,0
sst: W. BolyJIMENEZ EQUALISES FOR WOLVES!!! IT'S 2-2! Bennett's long throw into the box is flicked on by Boly, and Jimenez ghosts in at the far post to bravely head past Pickford.,1
Patrick CutroneWolves · Striker #10Another change for Wolves as Cutrone makes way to be replaced by Diogo Jota.,0
Romain SaïssWolves · Midfielder #27The visitors make their first change with Joao Moutinho introduced to replace Saiss.,0
he Wolves defender then goes into the book for pulling back the advancing Digne.,2
Boly is booked after tripping Richarlison, who was threatening to break.,2
imenez goes into the referee's notebook after preventing Digne from taking a quick throw-in.,2
Vinagre is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Richarlison, who had just pipped him to the ball.,2
Asst: G. SigurðssonIWOBI!!!!!!! EVERTON ARE BACK IN FRONT! It's a first Premier League goal for the Nigerian international, who is perfectly placed in the area to head home Sigurdsson's magnificent cross.,1
WOLVES ARE LEVEL!!! SAISS MAKES IT 1-1! The visitors respond almost immediately as some silky skills from Traore see him leave Digne for dead. His cross ricochets off Pickford and Coleman, before an alert Saiss stabs the ball home.,1
sst: M. Kean1-0 EVERTON!!! RICHARLISON PUTS THEM IN FRONT! What a mix-up in the Wolves defence! A lapse in communication between Coady and Patricio is pounced on by Kean and the ball breaks kindly for Richarlison, who finishes brilliantly first time.,1
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Odegaard is taking his time leaving the field after his number goes up, and Lokonga comes on to replace him for the last few seconds.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Final changes for Palace now, as Eze is taken off and replaced by Ebiowei, who makes his Premier League debut.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15And Hughes is also brought on in place of Schlupp.,0
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9Arsenal are making their first changes of the game now. Jesus is the first to go off, with Nketiah replacing him.,0
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35And Zinchenko is the other player making way, with Tierney coming on in his place.,0
Cheick DoucouréCrystal Palace · Midfielder #28Doucoure is taken off after receiving treatment, with Milivojevic brought on in his place.,0
A stoppage in play allows the referee to go back and book Clyne for an earlier tackle on Martinelli when he clipped the Brazilian's heels.,2
aha is away from White this time, and the defender has a tug of his shirt. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Palace are making the first change of the game, and it's Mateta that's coming on in place of Edouard.,0
Xhaka is surging through the middle and Andersen debates putting out an arm to stop him but decides against it. Xhaka goes to ground anyway, and he's booked for diving.,2
Asst: O. ZinchenkoMARTINELLI SCORES! Saka's looping deep cross picks out Zinchenko, who is completely unmarked at the far post. He nods it back across goal, and it's too high for Partey, but Martinelli is waiting behind him to nod it under Guaita and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SARABIA EQUALISES WITH A STUNNER!!! 2-2!!! The game turns on its head in a matter of minutes. The French champions find themselves level courtesy of a super strike from Sarabia. He latches on to a loose ball in the box from Bernat's deflected cross. There's still work to do, but he belts his left-footed strike on the half-volley into the top corner. ,1
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MBAPPE KEEPS THE GAME ALIVE!!! 2-1!!! PSG are back in the contest in a flash as Mbappe seizes on a mistake from Varane to tap home. Sarabia's cross causes all sorts of problems for Varane and Courtois as neither man takes responsibility. Mbappe follow the ball in to notch a simple goal.,1
sst: MarceloGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA ICES THE GAME!!!! 2-0 MADRID!!! The Frenchman notches his second of the contest with a well-placed header from close range. Marcelo collects a lay-off from Isco and floats a cross to the back post. Benzema rises to direct his header downwards away from Navas into the bottom-left corner. A fine finish from the forward. ,1
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Modric is on for Valverde in the middle of the park for the hosts.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11Draxler enters the fold to replace Di Maria.,0
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #18Sarabia comes on for PSG to replace Icardi, which will see a change of shape from the visitors.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Striker #7Bale comes on to replace Hazard to the applause of the home fans in the Bernabeu.,0
Marcelo is booked for a late challenge on Marquinhos. The home fans are not happy about that decision.,2
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27A big decision from Tuchel at the break as he withdraws Gueye and brings on Neymar. An attacking move to say the least.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BENZEMA CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!! 1-0 MADRID!!! The home side break the deadlock after cutting open the PSG defence with a slick attacking move. Valverde and Carvajal combine with a neat one-two down the right flank. Valverde sends a low cross towards Isco in the box and the Spaniard sidefoots towards goal. His effort hits the post, but Benzema is in the right place at the time to knock home the rebound.,1
 CONSOLATION FOR THE CHERRIES! Although Dias almost intercepts at the last moment, Zemura's cross from the left side of the area reaches Lerma in the centre. The latter then thumps the ball past Ederson from 10 yards, finding the top-centre of City's goal! It's 4-1 now, but it's all too late.,1
Nathan AkéMan City · Defender #6Ake departs after an excellent 80 minutes against his former club, with Walker coming on for a late cameo.,0
Hamed TraorèBournemouth · Midfielder #22Anthony is introduced by O'Neil for the final stages of the game, with Traore making way.,0
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9Haaland celebrated becoming City's top scorer in a single Premier League season today, and now makes way for Perrone.,0
Jack GrealishMan City · Midfielder #10Grealish has put in another commendable shift for Man City today and is now replaced by Mahrez.,0
A reckless sliding challenge by Akanji on Solanke results in the latter being swept off his feet and the former receiving a booking.,2
or bringing down Outtara by the touchline with an awkward challenge, Phillips is the latest player to see yellow.,2
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Rothwell is offered a run-out for the final half-hour, as a forlorn Billing departs.,0
Adam SmithBournemouth · Defender #15O'Neil now responds to his side's slow start to the second half: first, Fredericks comes on for Smith.,0
ith Grealish sprinting clear into space, Mepham opts to trip his opponent and is subsequently booked by the referee.,2
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Gundogan is the other player to make way for City, as Gomez comes on in his place.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Guardiola decides it's time to make a couple of changes, with the points long since secured. First, Phillips swaps places with Rodri in midfield.,0
An ugly hack on Grealish earns Ouattara a merited yellow card - the first of the game for either side.,2
FODEN FIRES IN CITY'S THIRD! An awful error by Billing hands possession to Foden, who simply intercepts the ball before it gets to Stephens on the edge of the Bournemouth box and thumps it into the bottom-right corner unerringly. That's some way to celebrate his 200th appearance for the club! It's 3-0 now, and surely game over!,1
sst: P. Foden2-0 TO CITY! When Gundogan is released down the left, the Manchester City attack surges forward at full pace, and he then delivers a ball to the back post for Foden. Though the latter can't turn it home under pressure, Haaland reacts quickest to poke it home from just a few yards out! That's number 27 in the Premier League for the City striker!,1
CITY STRIKE! The champions lead! After Lewis wins the ball in midfield, Foden latches on to Gundogan's chipped pass before being blocked by Neto. The ball breaks towards Haaland, whose deflected shot strikes the crossbar and the rebound is greedily tucked away from close range by an alert Alvarez! It's 1-0 to City!,1
Mohammed KudusWest Ham · Midfielder #14Johnson replaces Kudus in the final few minutes of the match.,0
Emerson PalmieriWest Ham · Defender #33Moyes makes a late change to shore up his defence, with Ogbonna replacing Emerson.,0
Asst: J. BowenGOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 3-1 WEST HAM! Everton have an opportunity from a corner, but Garner's delivery is headed away. It falls into the path of Garner again, but his wayward pass is intercepted by Bowen and the Hammers counterattack. Alvarez makes a bursting run to the left and Bowen finds him, and the Mexican midfielder dinks it over Pickford and it's in the back of the net!,1
Abdoulaye DoucouréEverton · Midfielder #16Dyche rolls the dice as Everton look to find an equaliser. Young striker Chermiti replaces Doucoure.,0
Dwight McNeilEverton · Midfielder #7McNeil's game is over, and he's replaced by Dobbin.,0
ickford has his name taken by the referee shortly after West Ham's goal.,2
Soucek receives a yellow card for taking his shirt off during his celebration.,2
Asst: M. KudusGOOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-1 WEST HAM!! Have the Hammers found a winner? The ball comes to Kudus on the left-hand side of the box, and he delivers into the penalty area. It comes to Soucek at the back post, and he produces a sensational outside-of-the-foot strike into the top corner, leaving Pickford with no chance!,1
Lucas PaquetáWest Ham · Midfielder #10Moyes makes an attacking change for West Ham, with Antonio coming off the bench. He replaces Paqueta for the Hammers.,0
Jack HarrisonEverton · Midfielder #11Dyche makes another alteration, with Harrison coming off. Gomes enters the fray to replace him.,0
BetoEverton · Striker #14Dyche makes a change in attack, and it's a straight swap in the striker position. Beto, who opened the scoring for Everton, is replaced by Calvert-Lewin.,0
James Ward-ProwseWest Ham · Midfielder #7Moyes makes the first change of the game and it's an alteration in midfield. Ward-Prowse heads to the bench, and Phillips comes on to replace him.,0
sst: J. Ward-ProwseGOOAAAALLL!! 1-1!! WEST HAM EQUALISE! Kudus finds himself in space outside the Everton penalty area and he strikes towards goal, but Tarkowski blocks his effort and it's behind for a corner. Ward-Prowse is standing over it and he whips a dangerous cross into the middle, and Zouma rises above Godfrey to head into the top corner!,1
Asst: J. GarnerGOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 EVERTON!! Garner drives down the right-hand side and West Ham fail to pressure him, and he gets it out of his feet before delivering into the box. It's a superb cross and Beto is unmarked in the penalty area. He heads towards goal, and it flies into the back of the net, leaving Areola with no chance!,1
Erik PietersBurnley · Midfielder #23Pieters is unable to see out the game for Burnley and he is replaced by Gudmundsson late on.,0
Asst: B. SharpGOOOAL! Egan makes it 1-1! Osborn receives the ball on the edge of the box before clipping it into a dangerous area, and Sharp produces an excellent headed flick to direct into the path of Egan who powers it into the top right-hand corner from near the back post.,1
Chris BashamSheffield United · Defender #6Rodwell is being brought on to replace in Basham in Sheffield United's fourth change.,0
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9Sheffield United make their third change as Mousset replaces McBurnie.,0
Matěj VydraBurnley · Striker #27Burnley's first change sees Vydra replaced by Wood who is making his return from injury.,0
Jack RobinsonSheffield United · Defender #19The second Sheffield United switch sees O'Connell enter the fray in place of Robinson.,0
Oliver NorwoodSheffield United · Midfielder #16Sheffield United make their first change as Norwood is replaced by Sharp.,0
sst: J. RodriguezGOOOAL! Tarkowski makes it 1-0 to Burnley! McNeil's free-kick from the left is flicked towards the back post by Rodriguez and it drops to Tarkowski who gets in front of McBurnie before sidefooting it home.,1
A yellow card is shown to Bani for puling the shirt of Barella as the midfielder looked to break forward on the counter.,2
Nicolò RovellaGenoa · Midfielder #65Another Genoa sbstitution now, with Rovella heading off the pitch and he is replaced by Melegoni.,0
Arturo VidalInter · Midfielder #22Another double substitution by Inter now, with Vidal replaced by Nainggolan.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36The other change sees Darmian come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Kolarov.,0
Asst: A. RanocchiaGOOOAAALLL! Inter double their lead, it's 2-0! Ranocchia meets a corner at the front post and flicks it on towards the far corner of the net, but it seemed to be heading wide before D'Ambrosio dived in and turned it into the goal from just a couple of yards out.,1
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Another Inter change now as Martinez is replaced by Pinamonti and the striker isn't happy about something as he is seen punching his seat on the bench after leaving the pitch.,0
Marko PjacaGenoa · Striker #37Genoa make a substitution following the Inter goal, with Pjaca the man coming off and he has been replaced by Shomurodov.,0
sst: N. BarellaGOOOAAALLL! Inter take the lead, it's 1-0! Lukaku breaks the deadlock for the visitors on 64 minutes. Barella plays a lovely quick pass through to the striker on the edge of the box, who turns one way and then cuts back and fires the ball into the top left-hand corner of the net. Great finish.,1
Milan BadeljGenoa · Midfielder #47The other Genoa change sees Badelj replaced by Zajc.,0
Valon BehramiGenoa · Midfielder #11Genoa now with a double substitution, with Behrami coming off and he has been replaced by Radovanovic.,0
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Perisic was lively in the first half, but has hardly touched the ball in the second, so he has also been replaced, with Hakimi coming on.,0
Christian EriksenInter · Midfielder #24It's a double substitution for Inter and the first change sees Eriksen replaced by Barella.,0
Lennart CzyborraGenoa · Midfielder #99Genoa have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Czyborra replaced by Pellegrini.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Martinez after he slides in and tries to meet Eriksen's low cross into the box, but Goldaniga gets their first and the striker catches him late.,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Benzema has been Real's best player over the 90 minutes, even if he has been unable to get on the scoresheet. The striker is replaced by Mariano in the sixth and final substitution of the day.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Kroos, who has helped control the flow of the game from midfield, is replaced by Ceballos for the closing stages. The Germany midfielder never quite recovered from Thomas' mistimed challenge.,0
his is a nasty challenge from Thomas, catching the ankle of Kroos to earn a second yellow card. A bad day for Atletico has just got a lot worse.,3
Asst: L. ModrićGOOOAAALLL!!! ATLETICO 1-3 REAL! The three points are heading across the city to the Bernabeu! Bale sweeps the ball across Oblak after taking a touch to set himself once played through by Modric. Atletico were carved apart, which we have not said too often this season.,1
et another booking, this time for Saul following a challenge on Reguilon. The Madrid full-back seems to have done something to upset the Atletico players!,2
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #22Kalinic is brought on for Morata, who has been heavily involved in the second half. The striker is unfortunate that his well-taken goal was ruled out for offside a little earlier.,0
Having had a goal ruled out for offside and seen a big penalty shout rejected in the second half, a frustrated Morata shoves Ramos off the ball and is shown a yellow card.,2
Bookings left, right and centre now as Modric is penalised for a foul in midfield.,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Correa played a big part in Atletico's first-half equaliser but he is the man to make way for Rodrigo. Simeone now has just one substitution available to use.,0
Reguilon, who has been in the wars today, rakes his foot down Griezmann's shin and becomes the latest player to be shown a yellow card.,2
homas hacks down Reguilon right under the referee's nose and is rightly cautioned. ,2
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Lemar, who has not been involved today, is replaced by Vitolo. The tempo of the match has dropped over the last few minutes.,0
A poor challenge from Lucas on Carvajal leads to the third caution of the contest. The referee had no other choice.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #28Perhaps with the Ajax tie in mind, Solari takes off star performer Vinicius. Bale, who has struggled for form this season, is brought on for the final half an hour or so.,0
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL!!! ATLETICO 1-2 REAL! Nerves of steel from Ramos as he sends the ball into the corner of the net, giving Oblak no chance of keeping it out despite guessing the right way.,1
Gimenez is cautioned for bringing down Vinicius. There is no doubt that the defender caught his opponent - there was even a shirt pull in there - but he and his team-mates argue that it should have been a free-kick.,2
sst: Á. CorreaGOOOAAAALLL!!! ATLETICO 1-1 REAL! Griezmann levels up the contest with a fine finish under the body of Courtois. Correa sends the France striker clean through on goal, with Ramos keeping him onside, but the referee has to refer to VAR as Correa barged Vinicus off the ball. A quick check confirms that there was too little in the shoulder barge to disallow the goal.,1
his match has become incredibly stop-start due to a succession of niggling fouls. Griezmann is the latest to be penalised for his challenge on Casemiro after losing the ball.,2
Vazquez is shown the first yellow card of this feisty Madrid derby for his follow-through challenge. That came on the back of a promising Madrid attack, with Vinicius holding off Godin but failing to pick out a team-mate with the cutback.,2
GOOOOAAALLL!!! ATLETICO 0-1 REAL! Ramos flicks on the corner and Casemiro is left in plenty of space to execute an overhead kick, giving Real a precious lead with 16 minutes on the clock. Oblak tries to narrow the angle but Casemiro sends the ball flying past the Atletico goalkeeper from the edge of the six-yard box with his acrobatic attempt.,1
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Wolves also make a change with Morgan Gibbs-White replacing Moutinho.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Liverpool subsequently make their final change as Salah makes way for Divock Origi.,0
sst: J. HendersonGOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FIRMINO MAKES IT 2-1! The Brazilian may have just won it for Liverpool! Firmino is picked out by Henderson in the box after Salah was initially snuffed out. He cuts inside onto his left foot before lashing the ball into the far corner of the net.,1
Pedro NetoWolves · Midfielder #7Neto is given a rest by Nuno as he is replaced by the returning Diogo Jota, who is given a rousing reception by the Molineux faithful.,0
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Midfielder #15A conservative change from Liverpool as Oxlade-Chamberlain goes off to be replaced by Fabinho.,0
Robertson has his name taken after bringing down Traore on the edge of the area. This is a great chance for Wolves...,2
sst: AdamaEQUALISER!!! JIMENEZ MAKES IT 1-1! Wolves hit Liverpool with a devastating counter. Having kick-started the attack and initially fed Traore down the right wing, the Mexican arrives to meet his cross and power home a header.,1
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10After picking up a knock, Mane is unable to continue and goes off to be replaced by Takumi Minamino.,0
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldHENDERSON!!! 1-0 TO LIVERPOOL! The Premier League leaders strike first! From the resulting corner, Henderson arrives to meet Alexander-Arnold's delivery. Patricio gets a hand to his header, but is unable to keep it out.,1
Dejan KulusevskiParma · Midfielder #44Siligardi runs onto the pitch to replace Kulusevski, and he immediately tries his luck, but he can only shoot straight at Szczesny.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Dybala's night is over as Costa comes on for the final nine minutes.,0
Kurtic becomes the first man to be carded after a poor challenge in midfield.,2
Matteo ScozzarellaParma · Midfielder #21Scozzarella looks tired and he is now replaced by Sprocati.,0
Aaron RamseyJuventus · Midfielder #8Higuain now replaces Ramsey, who in all fairness was quiet tonight!,0
sst: P. DybalaGOAAALLL JUVENTUS 2-1 PARMA - Ronaldo again. Who else? The Portugal international times his run to perfection and he slots home Dybala's cross with ease. Juventus find a way to respond immediately, and that is an incredible response. ,1
Asst: M. ScozzarellaGOAAALLLLLLL!!!!! JUVENTUS 1-1 PARMA - WHAT A HEADER - Cornelius steps off the bench and suddenly Parma have hope. The striker gets above Ramsey and uses the power on the cross to find the top corner. ,1
Roberto IngleseParma · Striker #9Inglese has been unable to shake off that injury and he is replaced by Cornelius.,0
sst: B. MatuidiGOAAAALLLL JUVENTUS 1-0 PARMA - Ronaldo wheels away in delight but he is aided by a big deflection. His right-footed shot had enough power behind it, but the touch wrongfooted Sepe in goal. ,1
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Alex Sandro is, in fact, the man that is replaced and he is replaced by former Manchester City man Danilo. ,0
Due to time-wasting from a free-kick on the edge of his area, Leno is booked by the referee.,2
Carlos ViníciusFulham · Striker #30Potential match-winner Vinicius is replaced by Nathaniel Chalobah, whose brother Trevoh was substituted earlier by Chelsea.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Fulham make two further changes. First, Pereira is applauded off and James comes on.,0
or time-wasting by delaying a free-kick, Adarabioyo is shown a yellow card.,2
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20Having opened the scoring against his former club today, Willian is offered some warm applause upon his substitution; Solomon will be his replacement.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Finally, Mount makes way for Ziyech, as Chelsea adopt an all-or-nothing approach for the final 10 minutes.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Gallagher replaces Kovacic in midfield for the visitors.,0
Lewis HallChelsea · Midfielder #67The second change sees Chukwuemeka come on for Chalobah.,0
Allowing his frustration to boil over, Mount jumps into a challenge on Cairney and is the latest Chelsea player to have his name taken by the referee.,2
Asst: A. PereiraFULHAM BACK IN FRONT! The Cottagers make their advantage pay against 10-man Chelsea, as Vinicius rises highest at the back post to beat Chalobah to the ball and power his header past a helpless Arrizabalaga! It was a superb cross from Pereira to set up the chance, and the stand-in striker didn't hesitate: 2-1!,1
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #6Reed is replaced in midfield by Cairney.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14Turning to fresh legs, as Fulham go for the win against 10-man opponents, Silva makes a double change. First, De Cordova-Reid makes way for Wilson.,0
Hall is left exposed on the left flank, and an ill-timed challenge on De Cordova-Reid sees the young wing-back receive a yellow card.,2
RED CARD! Joao Felix is sent off on his Chelsea debut! For throwing himself into a reckless studs-up challenge on Tete, the on-loan forward is shown a straight red card and will not complete even an hour on his first Premier League appearance!,3
Denis ZakariaChelsea · Midfielder #20Zakaria joins Chelsea's lengthy injury list, as an apparent muscular issue ends his game prematurely. It is Jorginho who will replace him in midfield.,0
CHELSEA STRIKE BACK! Soon after the restart, Hall wins a free-kick on the left side of Fulham's area, which Mount cleverly whips against the near post. The ball bounces out to Koulibaly inside the six-yard box, and the centre-back squeezes the ball over the line for the equaliser! It only crossed the line by a matter of inches, but Chelsea don't care: it's 1-1!,1
After losing control of the ball on the edge of his own area, Chalobah crunches into a lunging challenge on Palhinha and is shown a merited yellow card.,2
FULHAM LEAD! Ex-Chelsea man Willian puts his team 1-0 up in this West London derby, as Azpilicueta and company back off; allowing the Brazilian winger to step inside the area and drive a deflected shot into the bottom-right corner! It's an excellent finish, but he doesn't celebrate too wildly, out of respect for his former club.,1
Another foul on Joao Felix by a Fulham player results in Pereira being shown a yellow card by the referee, who has not exercised much leniency so far today.,2
For bringing down the fleet-footed Joao Felix inside his own half, Robinson becomes the first player booked today.,2
The referee has his yellow card straight out as Vieira clatters into Locatelli as he tried to control the bouncing ball. He can have no complaints there. ,2
Marley spins past his man on the right with a lovely bit of skill, and Rincon cynically trips him up. The midfielder is rightly put into the book for his efforts. ,2
Francesco CaputoSampdoria · Striker #10Caputo trots off the field, and is replaced by Ciervo. ,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9That's Morata's last act on the field, as Jorge comes on to replace him. ,0
enalty GoalGOAL! 4-1! Morata steps up and calmly dispatches the spot-kick into the bottom left corner of the goal. Falcone dived the right way but could do nothing about that!,1
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11Cuadrado makes way to loud applause, and is replaced by Marley. ,0
Arthur MeloJuventus · Midfielder #5Arthur also trots off the field as Bentancur comes on in his place. ,0
Asst: M. LocatelliGOOALLL!!!! 3-1! What an impact! Sampdoria attempt to play out for the back, and it goes disastrously! Perin plays the ball straight to Locatelli, and Dybala pinches the loose ball and sweeps it into the far corner from inside the area!,1
Andrea ContiSampdoria · Midfielder #13That was Conti's last contribution! Candreva comes on in his place.,0
Ernesto TorregrossaSampdoria · Striker #9Former Southampton man Gabbiadini is also on for Torregrossa.,0
Morten ThorsbySampdoria · Midfielder #2Samp are making a few changes immediately here, as Vieira is on for Thorsby. ,0
Asst: T. AugelloGOOOOALLLL!!! WHAT A STRIKE!!! And Samp are back in this! 2-1! Augello crosses from the right and Conti takes the ball down well with a great touch. He strikes the ball cleanly past the keeper's reach, in off the post into the far corner.,1
Dejan KulusevskiJuventus · Midfielder #44Dybala is also on for Kulusevski in the attack. ,0
DaniloJuventus · Defender #6Chiellini is coming on for Danilo here, as Allegri looks to freshen his side up. ,0
Asst: ArthurGOOALLL!!! 2-0!!! Juventus play a corner short, and Arthur delivers a perfect cross from deep into the six-yard box. Rugani rises above everyone else to nod it into the far corner from close range!,1
GOOOAALLLLL!!!! 1-0!!! Cuadrado lines up a free-kick right on the edge of the area. He strikes it low and hard, on the keeper's side, but it falls through his grasp and into the bottom right corner. In truth, that should have been saved. ,1
José CampañaLevante · Midfielder #24A goal and an assist for Campana - he's been excellent! And he comes off for Cabaco.,0
Six yellow cards for Barcelona! This time it's Fati with a lunge on Radoja.,2
José Luis MoralesLevante · Striker #11Levante make their second change of the game, Morales coming off to a standing ovation for Vukcevic.,0
Roberto is the fifth Barcelona player to be shown a yellow card - he's blocked off Mayoral as he began a counter-attack.,2
OAAAAL! IT'S 3-1!!! A phenomenal turnaround from Levante!!! Lenglet heads a free-kick clear, but only as far as Radoja and he thunders a volley beyond Ter Stegen via a deflection off Busquets from the centre of the box! Levante now two goals ahead in the space of seven minutes!! ,1
This game is kicking off! Both Barcelona centre-backs are now shown a yellow card, Lenglet going into the book for a foul on Melero.,2
Arthur MeloBarcelona · Midfielder #8More chopping and changing from Valverde, taking off Arthur for another forward in the young dangerman Fati.,0
ique is shown a yellow card, sliding in on Campana and taking out the man with a goal and an assist to his name already this game. Pique is perhaps lucky not to be shown a red here.,2
Arturo VidalBarcelona · Midfielder #22Valverde opts to turn to the bench too and takes off Vidal for Busquets.,0
Asst: J. CampañaGOAAAAAL! 2-1 LEVANTE! That's two in quick succession for the hosts! What a strike from Mayoral!! Campana with the pass to Mayoral, but he has his back to goal. He swivels and fires a fierce right-footed shot past Ter Stegen. The keeper does get a hand on it, but it's just too powerful for him to keep out!,1
Enis BardhiLevante · Midfielder #10Bardhi was superb against Real Sociedad last weekend - scoring the opener in a 2-1 victory - but he's been quiet today and makes way for Rochina.,0
Asst: J. MoralesGOAAAL! LEVANTE EQUALISE! Barcelona are caught out at the back and Campana gets on the end of a loose ball and smashes it past Ter Stegen! Just as Barcelona were starting to take control again! Pique mucks up the initial clearance, Levante get it back into the box and Lenglet let's the ball roll past him, allowing Morales to steal in ahead of him and square for Campana. He hits a right-footed shot into the left of the goal!,1
Griezmann is shown a yellow card, catching Radoja's ankle with his studs.,2
Bardhi goes into the book for a risky challenge on Roberto. There isn't much contact, but it's reckless and Bardhi is out of control. Free-kick for Barcelona inside the Levante half.,2
Luis SuárezBarcelona · Striker #9Valverde is forced into making an early substitution as Suarez asks to come off, with Perez on to replace him. For now, Messi has taken up a central role, with Griezmann wide.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! 1-0 BARCELONA! No mistake from Messi and he buries his penalty into the top of the net for his fifth league goal of the season.,1
rthur is shown the first yellow card of the game for fouling Miramon. The card was shown to Suarez initially, but a VAR check determined that there's a case of mistaken identity and it's shown to Arthur instead.,2
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Vitinha comes off for Zaire-Emery in added time.,0
PSG ADD A THIRD!!! Mbappe rattles the post with a powerful drive from outside the box. Unluckily for Dupe, it comes back off the woodwork and hits him, deflecting straight to Bernat. The Spaniard made no mistake with the finish, rifling high into the net to make it 3-0.,1
Lionel MessiPSG · Midfielder #30Messi got the assists for both PSG goals, and now makes way for Hakimi.,0
Branco van den BoomenToulouse · Midfielder #8Dejaegere comes on in place of Van den Boomen.,0
Thijs DallingaToulouse · Striker #27Dallinga has struggled up top for Toulouse, and he makes way for Onaiwu.,0
NeymarPSG · Midfielder #10Galtier makes his first changes of the game, bringing on Ekitike for Neymar.,0
Ratao is yellow-carded for clattering into Neymar in midfield.,2
Zakaria AboukhlalToulouse · Striker #6Aboukhlal makes way for Chaibi in the first of a double change by Montanier.,0
sst: L. MessiIT'S 2-0!!! Mbappe is the goalscorer, after good work from Messi down the left ends with him pulling the ball back for his forward partner, who lashes home first-time with his right foot.,1
Rasmus NicolaisenToulouse · Defender #2Montanier makes the first change of the game, bringing on Costa for Nicolaisen at half-time.,0
Asst: L. MessiTHE GOAL IS GIVEN! The replays showed that Neymar was onside when the ball was played through by Messi, and VAR decides to allow the goal to give PSG a 1-0 lead.,1
Roberto SorianoBologna · Midfielder #21Santander comes on for Bologna as Soriano is replaced. ,0
Aaron HickeyBologna · Midfielder #3Viola is sent on for Hickey as the hosts continue to throw strikers onto the pitch. ,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Jorge gets five minutes at the end of the match as Morata's day comes to an end early. ,0
Mattias SvanbergBologna · Midfielder #32Svanberg has had a good match but he’s replaced with 10 minutes remaining as Vignato gets a chance to make an impact.,0
Musa BarrowBologna · Striker #99Sansone replaces Barrow as Bologna continue to search for ideas.,0
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #14The previously booked McKennie also makes way as Bentancur gets a chance to stretch his legs. ,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Kulusevski replaces Kean with just under 20 minutes remaining. ,0
Asst: A. MorataCUADRADO DOUBLES THE LEAD! 2-0! It’s a magnificent hit from the full-back, who receives the ball on the right wing and drops his shoulder to get past Svanberg before firing a shot that takes a deflection on it’s way past Skorupski!,1
Arthur MeloJuventus · Midfielder #5Allegri takes this opportunity to make a change as Arthur is withdrawn for Locatelli. ,0
Luca PellegriniJuventus · Defender #17Juventus also make a change at left-back as Sandro replaces Pellegrini. ,0
Lorenzo De SilvestriBologna · Midfielder #29Olsen is sent on at half-time as De Silvestri makes way.,0
Dominguez's actions invites players from both Bologna and Juventus to meet at the spot of the foul for a bit of a confrontation. McKennie gets involved in a shoving match with Medel and will also receive a yellow. ,2
here’s a bit of pushing and shoving on the pitch as Morata goes down under the weight of a Dominguez challenge, which prompts the Bologna midfielder to give the striker a shove and an earful. It’s a booking for Dominguez as he is unable to keep his temper in check.,2
sst: F. BernardeschiJUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Bernardeschi takes up a position on the right edge of the penalty area and slips an incisive pass between the legs of Theate. Morata latches onto the ball and fires a first-time effort high into the roof of the net!,1
Asst: J. HarrisonGOOOALLL! LLORENTE FOR LEEDS, IT'S 1-1! Harrison bends in a great inswinging corner from the right, and Llorente gets between Kabak and Firmino to head home from six yards.,1
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Klopp shuffles his pack once again. Oxlade-Chamberlain will get 10 minutes into his legs, with Jota the man to make way.,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10The goalscorer Mane is off as Klopp makes his first change. Jota moves over to the left, and Salah comes on on the right.,0
Hélder CostaLeeds United · Midfielder #17Leeds make their first change, Poveda coming on for Costa.,0
Alioski is booked for a late tackle on the counter-attacking Mane.,2
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldGOOOALLL! 1-0 Liverpool, Mane ends his goal drought! Jota picks out Alexander-Arnold with a great crossfield pass over to the right. Instead of taking a touch for himself with Meslier rushing out to meet him, the right-back squares it to Mane at the edge of the area, and he taps home into the empty net.,1
Dallas is booked for shoving Jota to the ground from behind as the Portugal international drove into the Leeds half.,2
sst: D. CostaGOOAAALLLL!!! DE LIGT! It's 4-0, a scoreline which is arguably both deserved for Juve and harsh on Lecce. The 10 men are clearly tired as they are slow to get out to a short corner, allowing Costa to send a wicked centre bouncing through the box to De Ligt, who nods in from a couple of yards out.,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! HIGUAIN! It's three! The substitute finishes smartly, lifting a shot over Gabriel, but this goal owes so much to Ronaldo for a wonderful assist, carrying the ball from halfway before cutting inside and backheeling through to his strike partner with the aid of a deflection. 3-0!,1
Brayan VeraLecce · Defender #3The changes keep coming as Lecce take off Vera, with Calderoni introduced.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Striker #33The other Juve switch sees Bernardeschi off, giving Muratore his Serie A debut.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Dybala got the crucial goal and his work is done. He is replaced by Higuain in a double-change.,0
Marco MancosuLecce · Midfielder #8Mancosu hands over the armband as his outing comes to an end. Barak is on for Lecce.,0
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Juve's second change brings further firepower, as Ramsey replaces Bentancur.,0
Filippo FalcoLecce · Striker #10The game is surely gone for Lecce, but they make a change as Babacar replaces Falco.,0
enalty GoalGOOAAALLLL!!! Ronaldo makes no mistake! 2-0 Juve! Having won the penalty himself, the forward drills his second spot-kick of the week straight down the middle of the goal.,1
Asst: C. RonaldoGOOAAALLLL!!! DYBALA! There's the opener and it's a beauty! 1-0 Juve! Dybala picks his spot from the edge of the area, lifting a lovely curling left-footed effort past Gabriel into the top-right corner. Juve needed a moment of magic and they have it through their number 10.,1
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Sarri makes his change, bringing Costa on for Rabiot in an attacking move.,0
Jacopo PetriccioneLecce · Midfielder #4Lecce make a change at the break, replacing midfielder Petriccione with centre-back Rossettini as they change shape following the red card.,0
Petriccione goes short from a corner and then draws a late challenge from Bentancur, who goes into the book and gives up a free-kick in a dangerous position on the left corner of the box.,2
ED!! Oh dear, oh dear. Lecce have played out from the back smartly, but a poor Lucioni touch proves so costly. He is 40 yards from goal but allows Bentancur to steal in and then go over a hanging leg. The defender is the last man and, despite his protests, is sent off.,3
OFF! Watkins is sent off as he receives his second booking of the match. He latches on to a long ball over the top and goes down as Henderson sticks out a leg. However, there is no contact and the striker gets booked for simulation before the referee then brandishes the red card.,3
sst: M. RashfordGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CAVANI SURELY SETTLES THE GAME!!!! 3-1 UNITED!!!!! The Uruguayan continues his excellent scoring run with a deft header to all but secure the three points. United put the pressure on the Villa defence, which holds firm amid strikes from Cavani and Fred. Rashford takes possession on the right flank and lifts a sublime cross into the box. Cavani makes a run across Cash and guides his header into the bottom-left corner.,1
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #18Matic replaces Fernandes for the closing stages of the game and shore up the United midfield.,0
Harry MaguireMan United · Defender #5Bailly comes on to replace Maguire in the heart of the United defence.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Midfielder #21Villa alter their attacking options as Wesley replaces El Ghazi in the final third.,0
Ross BarkleyAston Villa · Midfielder #20Davis replaces Barkley, who has been underwhelming this afternoon.,0
aguire pulls back Watkins on the charge and goes into the book. Villa have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Ramsey comes on to replace Douglas Luiz in the middle of the park for the home side.,0
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Midfielder #11Greenwood is withdrawn in the final third for Cavani.,0
Asst: A. Wan-BissakaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GREENWOOD FIRES UNITED AHEAD!!!! 2-1!!!!! The turnaround is complete for the Red Devils as Greenwood fends off Mings before drilling an effort past Martinez. Wan-Bissaka collects on the right flank and feeds Greenwood with his back to goal. The forward does the rest by wheeling his way off Mings and blasting a left-footed strike through the hands of Martinez into the bottom-right corner.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FERNANDES SLOTS HOME AN EQUALISER!!!! 1-1!!!! The Red Devils are level in the game as the Portuguese beats Martinez from 12 yards. Fernandes stutters in his run-up before side-footing a strike into the bottom-right corner, sending the Villa keeper the wrong way.,1
Watkins goes into the book for a lunge on Maguire as he tries to steal possession in the United box.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TRAORE FIRES VILLA AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Traore creates room for himself in the left-inside channel and edges away from Lindelof before drilling a left-footed strike into the top-right corner. McGinn dispossesses McTominay on the edge of the box before Douglas Luiz takes over. He threads a pass through to Traore, who turns away from Lindelof. The Swede cannot get back at the winger before he supplies a perfect finish past Henderson.,1
Filip UgrinicYoung Boys · Midfielder #7Darian Males is on for Young Boys in their final change, and will replace Ugrinic in the centre of the visitors' midfield.,0
Mateo KovačićMan City · Midfielder #8Kovacic is off for Jeremy Doku in City's latest change, and the Belgian winger will be keen to get straight into the thick of things after five goal contributions at the weekend.,0
Meschak EliaYoung Boys · Midfielder #15Elia's been unable to replicate his goalscoring feats of the home tie, and Congolese striker Silvere Ganvoula comes on for the final 12 minutes in place of his DR Congo compatriot.,0
Ulisses GarciaYoung Boys · Defender #21Further changes are coming for young Boys, with Garcia replaced at the back by Swede Noah Persson.,0
ity keep the ball with ease in the final third as Grealish drifts inside to get in on the action. He steps across the edge of the box and has Amenda following him closely, who is booked after cynically taking the England winger to ground.,2
Saidy JankoYoung Boys · Defender #17Janko also comes off for the visitors, and is replaced at right-back by Lewin Blum.,0
Cedric IttenYoung Boys · Striker #9Itten is off in Young Boys' first change of the match, and the more defensive Miguel Chaiwa is his replacement.,0
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9Two goals, one of which was a fantastic 20-yard finish, are all Haaland will manage in this game, as he's withdrawn for fellow Norwegian youngster Oscar Bobb despite being on a hat-trick.,0
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2City captain Walker is withdrawn, with Kalvin Phillips entering the fray in a change that will see the former Leeds man slot into midfield with Ake, Dias and Gvardiol behind him.,0
RED CARD!!! That's certainly been coming for Lauper! The young Boys midfielder slides in late, and unnecessarily, on Ake, catching the City substitute late, and giving the referee no option but to show the second yellow card and send the midfielder off.,3
sst: R. LewisGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! A thunderbolt from guess who!!! Lewis drives forward and cuts the ball back to Haaland on the edge of the box, who turns and steps away from Amenda, opening up his body to rifle a thumping finish right into the top-right corner!! 3-0 to City just six minutes into the second half, and you can add their name to the round of 16 draw right this second.,1
John StonesMan City · Midfielder #5City make a single half-time change, with Stones replaced at the back by Nathan Ake.,0
Asst: J. GrealishGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Foden's been sniffing around the final third all game long, and he adds City's second right on half-time! Collecting a cross-field pass from Grealish, the wideman darts around the outside of Garcia, goes one-on-one with Racioppi, and slots the ball beneath the goalkeeper's reach into the far corner! A goal of the highest quality from Foden, and City will cruise into the break with a comfortable 2-0 lead.,1
enalty GoalGOOOAAALL!!!! Haaland takes, Haaland scores!!! The number nine steps up and calmly slots the ball into the bottom-left corner, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way and putting City 1-0 up to make their first-half dominance count!,1
Grealish dispossesses Janko and plays the ball infield, but is caught very late by Lauper after releasing a pass. The Young Boys midfielder goes straight into the book, and that's a second card in just four minutes for the side in yellow and black.,2
Kovacic latches onto Haaland's throughball and steps through the middle before being clipped by Benito on the edge of the box, winning a free-kick from right on the line as the Young Boys defender is shown the first booking of the match.,2
Zapata catches Aebischer in the side of the head by accident as he tries to hold off the midfielder's challenge. The Atalanta striker is booked as a result. ,2
Christopher MartinsYoung Boys · Midfielder #35Now it's Wagner's turn to make a positive change, replacing midfielder Martins Pereira with a forward in Kanga.,0
OAL!!!! WHAT AN INTRODUCTION FROM MURIEL!!! Just one minute after coming on, the striker steps up to a free-kick at a sharp angle to the left of goal, but his strike takes a slight deflection and sneaks inside the bottom corner of the near post! Atalanta are level again and it's 3-3!,1
Joakim MæhleAtalanta · Midfielder #3Gasperini throws a striker in Muriel on for a wing-back in Maehle as he looks to salvage something from the game in the time that remains.,0
Asst: M. AebischerGOAL!!!! WHAT A GOAL FROM HEFTI!!!! The right-back drifts into a central area and strokes a sublime strike into the top-left corner past a helpless Musso! He could well have won the game for his side! It's 3-2 to Young Boys now!,1
sst: M. NgamaleuGOAL!!! SIERRO FIRES YOUNG BOYS LEVEL!!! Moumi Ngamaleu's run towards the right byline was picked out with a quick throw-in and the forward cut the ball back into the middle for Sierro, who curled a left-footed strike inside the far corner! It's 2-2!,1
Remo FreulerAtalanta · Midfielder #11Gasperini makes another change in midfield, with Freuler replaced by Pessina in the centre of the park.,0
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Midfielder #88Gasperini also makes a conservative change, bringing a deeper midfielder in Koopmeiners on for an attacking player in Pasalic.,0
Merih DemiralAtalanta · Defender #28Gasperini makes a double-substitution of his own now. The first change sees Demiral replaced in defence by Djimsiti.,0
Meschak EliaYoung Boys · Striker #15Elia is also replaced in attack, with Mambimbi taking his place as Young Boys chase the game.,0
Fabian RiederYoung Boys · Midfielder #32Wagner makes a double-change as he tries to get his team back into the game. Rieder is off for Sierro in midfield.,0
Hefti takes a loose touch as he tries to craft some space for a cross on the right and, in his eagerness to win the ball back after Malinovskiy had nipped in, catches the top of the Atalanta midfielder's foot with his studs and is shown a yellow card.,2
Demiral hauls Siebatcheu back to prevent him from sprinting after a long ball forward on the counter and receives a yellow card for his trouble.,2
sst: M. PašalićGOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM PALOMINO!!! A long ball into the box is nodded down and then cushioned into the path of Palomino on the edge of the box. The defender thumps the ball at goal on the half-volley and rifles his shot into the back of the net! It's 2-1 to Atalanta!,1
Davide ZappacostaAtalanta · Midfielder #77Zappacosta is forced off with that injury and is replaced at half-time by Pezzella, who goes to left wing-back, with Maehle switching to the right.,0
Moumi Ngamaleu goes into the book for a poor challenge on Zappacosta. The Atalanta wing-back is still down and receiving treatment.,2
Asst: M. AebischerGOAL!!! YOUNG BOYS ARE LEVEL!!! Aebischer sends his corner to the near post and Siebatcheu arrives to head it off the underside of the crossbar and in! It's 1-1!,1
Garcia accidentally catches Malinovskiy in the face with an arm as he looks to protect the ball and, to his frustration, is shown a yellow card as a result.,2
Asst: R. FreulerGOAL!!! ZAPATA OPENS THE SCORING FOR ATALANTA!!! The ball is worked down the left and fizzed into the feet of Zapata, who has to take it in with his back to goal. The striker swivels superbly, however, and fires the ball unerringly into the bottom-right corner! It's 1-0 to Atalanta!,1
GOALLLL! WISSA WINS IT FOR BRENTFORD! 2-1! Jensen curls in a dangerous delivery and Jansson rises highest to power a header at goal. Fabianski pushes it out, but it falls to Wissa who smashes a volley from eight yards through a crowd of bodies and into the back of the net! ,1
Rice is shown a yellow card after a cynical challenge to stop Wissa breaking away.,2
Zanka gets a yellow card after numerous fouls. The final straw was a trip on Antonio near the byline.,2
anos is shown a yellow card for a foul on Cresswell near the touchline. ,2
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19The second change sees Mbeumo come off for Wissa.,0
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Brentford respond with two changes: the first sees Onyeka make way for Bidstrup in midfield.,0
Asst: T. SoučekBOWEN EQUALISES! 1-1!  West Ham finally draw level. Cresswell's corner ricochets backwards off Soucek, but it falls kindly for Bowen who rifles a vicious half-volley in at the near post from 12 yards!   ,1
orgaard cynically pulls Benrahma back and is shown a yellow card. ,2
ouma trips Toney on the edge of the box, following a brilliant 30-yard run by the attacker. The defender is shown a yellow card. ,2
Shandon BaptisteBrentford · Midfielder #26Baptiste is replaced by Jensen following that injury. It's dreadful luck for Baptiste who's suffered plenty of injuries during his time at the club.,0
MBEUMO! 1-0! Brentford take a deserved lead. Toney slices through the West Ham defence with a crisp throughball for Canos. Canos races through on goal before firing an angled drive from 12 yards that Fabianski pushes away! However, it runs perfectly for Mbeumo who knocks in the rebound despite a despairing save from Fabianski beyond the goal-line!,1
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Moutinho will come off for Wolves, and Luke Cundle enters the fray in midfield.,0
OOOAAALLL!!! City have five!!!! They flood forward again as Cancelo finds Grealish. On a continuing run, he receives it back and crosses. A deflection takes the ball into the path of Sterling, who taps it into an empty net. A five-start performance from City, who now lead 5-1.,1
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Foden's been unlucky not to have a goal or assist in this game, and he comes off now for Jack Grealish.,0
De Bruyne drags down Ait Nouri as he races past him, and the City midfielder picks up a needless yellow card.,2
FernandinhoMan City · Defender #25Fernandinho comes off for City to be replaced by Riyad Mahrez, and we'll likely see the leaders shift Rodri to centre-back.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Neto also comes off as Wolves re-jig their front-line with the introduction of Francisco Trincao.,0
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Jimenez comes off for Wolves in their first change, and Hwang Hee-Chan will replace him.,0
Aymeric LaporteMan City · Defender #14Laporte hasn't been able to shake that injury, and on comes Nathan Ake for him.,0
GOOOAAALLLL!!! It's four!!!! City attack at breakneck speed again as De Bruyne plays in Foden. He squares for Sterling, but it's slightly behind him, and De Bruyne arrives to slot it into the bottom corner for his fourth goal!!! Four for De Bruyne, and four for City, who lead 4-1 at Molineux!,1
Asst: R. SterlingGOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLL!!!! OH MY GOODNESS!!!! De Bruyne races across the field from the right and smashes a low shot into the bottom corner, beating Wolves' defence and goalkeeper almost single-handedly to make it 3-1!!!! No stopping him, and seemingly no stopping City as their talisman records a 24-minute hat-trick!!!,1
GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! City lead again!!! Zinchenko's inside pass finds De Bruyne on the run, and he plays in Sterling. Sa comes for the ball and beats him to it, but it falls for De Bruyne who strokes it past Sa into an empty net!!! 2-1 to City, and this game is not letting up at all!,1
Asst: P. NetoGOOOAAAALLLLL!!! The hosts hit back!!! After City squander a good attack chance, Wolves flood forward on the counter as Jimenez powers through a yawning gap in the midfield. He plays in Neto, who waits for support, and he gets it from Dendoncker who slams the ball home from the edge of the box!!! 1-1, and what a game this is shaping up to be!,1
Asst: B. SilvaGOOOAAALLLL!!!! City take an early lead!!! De Bruyne wins possession high up the field and flicks it up to Silva. He responds by playing in De Bruyne, who slots the ball beyond Sa and into the bottom corner!! 1-0 inside seven minutes, and it's advantage Manchester City!,1
Christian EriksenTottenham · Midfielder #23Eriksen is replaced by Sessegnon as Spurs try to stem Everton's attacking impetus.  ,0
Asst: L. DigneEVERTON EQUALISE! 1-1! Well, it was a cross too many for Spurs in the end, as Digne volleys in a troubling delivery that's met by Tosun who powers a header beyond Gazzaniga and into the top left corner!,1
Serge AurierTottenham · Defender #24Aurier is replaced by Foyth as Tottenham look to tighten up defensively. ,0
André GomesEverton · Midfielder #21Sigurdsson comes on for Gomes who departs on a stretcher while being administered oxygen.,0
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Calvert-Lewin comes on for Davies as Everton look to press home their numerical advantage. ,0
on is shown a red card after a late challenge on Gomes near the Everton dugout.  ,3
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Ndombele is replaced by Lo Celso after an energetic and effective performance in midfield. ,0
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Tosun replaces Walcott as Everton look for more energy going forward.,0
Ndombele is booked for a cynical challenge as he upended the dangerous Richarlison on the halfway line.     ,2
Asst: H. SonSPURS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Iwobi gave away possession cheaply inside his own half and Son gratefully took the ball on, before driving at goal and slipping Alli in behind, who fired a low effort calmly into the bottom left corner!,1
Eriksen joins Walcott in the book after a cynical trip in the Everton half. ,2
Walcott is shown a yellow card for a dangerous lunge on Davies near the halfway line.  ,2
sst: M. MerquelanzGOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 2-1 REAL SOCIEDAD! Real finally pull a goal back after they win a corner off Trippier. Merquelanz sends it in and it lands to Zubeldia in the six-yard box who slots it past Oblak. Is a late Real comeback on the cards?,1
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Suarez leaves the pitch after an influential shift up front for Atletico. Lodi comes on to shore up Atletico's left side.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Saul's jig is also up. Kondogbia wanders on for the final fifteen minutes or so.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Atletico are bringing on some fresh legs of their own now. Felix takes the place of Correa, one of their goalscorers.,0
Mikel OyarzabalReal Sociedad · Midfielder #10Real's captain Oyarzabal also goes off. Merquelanz takes his place on the left.,0
Aritz ElustondoReal Sociedad · Defender #6Real Sociedad make some more changes. Zubeldia comes on to replace Elustondo.,0
Nacho MonrealReal Sociedad · Defender #20Monreal also gets the hook with Atletico finding plenty of joy down his flank. Real's young attacking midfielder Lopez replaces him.,0
Modibo SagnanReal Sociedad · Defender #15Here's La Real's second change of the game. Fit-again Pacheco comes for Sagnan in defence.,0
Alexander IsakReal Sociedad · Striker #19Real make a substitution at half-time, and it's an odd one. Bautista replaces Isak up front.,0
Asst: L. SuárezGOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 2-0 REAL SOCIEDAD! Correa doubles Atletico's lead with a cool finish into the bottom left corner. Suarez played a lovely throughball to slip the Argentine into the right of the box.,1
Asst: M. LlorenteGOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 REAL SOCIEDAD! Atletico have gotten off to a flyer! The hosts take the corner short and keep possession. Llorente picks out Carrasco who takes a great touch with the outside of his wrong foot and rolls the ball underneath Remiro.,1
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Wolves also bring on Gibbs-White in place of Moutinho as the seconds tick down.,0
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9As the referee signals four final minutes, Podence replaces goalscorer - and perhaps matchwinner - Jimenez following a fine performance from the forward for Wolves.,0
Moutinho looks to have trod on Smith and the former is given a booking for his troubles. The resulting free-kick is headed away in the box by Wolves though and Bournemouth find themselves pushed back from the corner too.,2
Jack StaceyBournemouth · Defender #17Bournemouth make another change now, as Stacey makes way for Kelly.,0
Adama TraoréWolves · Striker #37Wolves make another change now, bringing on the ousted Dendoncker for the man who replaced him, Traore. It's been another game marked by a fine key contribution for the latter.,0
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8The visitors finish off their swaps by bringing Lerma off in place of Solanke.,0
David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #20Bournemouth now make a trio of changes, as Harry Wilson replaces Brooks.,0
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18With that, Wolves make their first change of the game, replacing Jota after that knock with Neto.,0
sst: AdamaGOAL! WOLVES LEAD! It's that combination again - Adama Traore with the cross from wide out right in line with the six-yard box and Raul Jimenez rising high to head home at the far post. The hosts have their breakthrough and are ahead 1-0.,1
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Now Lewis Cook and Stacey combine to make good metres down the other end for the Cherries and the visitors earn a corner for their efforts. An early change comes for Bournemouth too, as Gosling takes Billing's place, the latter moving slowly.,0
et another yellow card breaks up play, though this time it is Neves who picks it up for Wolves after he nips at Brooks' heels.,2
Wilson makes it three bookings now in quick succession for the Cherries after he clatters into Patricio chasing a ball into the box. That'll be a two-game ban for the striker, who is not happy about the decision to flash him a yellow card.,2
wo bookings for Bournemouth in the space of a few minutes now as Steve Cook brings down Jota on the left edge of the box. Another promising set-piece chance now beckons for the hosts.,2
Billing! The Bournemouth man whips a low shot through that deflects back into his path. It is pinched by Traore in short order though and the latter is then away on a dizzying run, covering half the length of the pitch before Brooks cuts him down and earns a booking. A promising free-kick for the hosts now.,2
Wolves have reasserted control of the ball now, with 60 per cent of possession, but Bournemouth are arguably still showing a little more edge in terms of grunt up front. They pick up a free-kick now as Saiss is booked for a foul on Wilson.,2
Konstantinos GalanopoulosAEK Athens · Midfielder #25Galanopoulos comes off for Galo in AEK's final change of the night. ,0
Robert LewandowskiBayern · Striker #9Wagner is given six minutes plus stoppage time to get himself on the scoresheet, replacing Lewandowski up front.,0
Petros MantalosAEK Athens · Midfielder #20Mandalos comes off for Alef as AEK try to respond and inject some impetus into the side.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Striker #22Muller replaces Gnabry, who started brightly but faded in the second half. ,0
Victor KlonaridisAEK Athens · Midfielder #17Boye replaces Klonaridis as AEK look to stem the Bayern tide.,0
sst: RafinhaGOAL!! Lewandowski makes it 2-0 to Bayern! AEK's resistance is well and truly broken now. The Bundesliga giants stroke the ball around the penalty area with ease, moving their opponents around before Rafinha squares for Lewandowski to tap into an empty net! ,1
James RodríguezBayern · Midfielder #11James is immediately substituted off for Goretzka following that goal.,0
OAL!! BAYERN MUNICH ARE AHEAD! It's finally 1-0 to the visitors, and the goal comes from an unlikely source! Hummels plays a square ball to Robben following a corner, and the Dutchman's shot is blocked, but falls kindly for Martinez, who volleys home emphatically from inside the box! It's 1-0 to Bayern! ,1
Stoger ignores the referee's instructions about taking a quick free-kick and has his name taken for it. ,2
It's not a great challenge from Hack as he slides in on Kouassi. He takes him out with a trailing leg and picks up a yellow card. ,2
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Bayern are making a change as well. Musiala, who gave the hosts the lead, goes off for Nianzou. ,0
Leandro BarreiroMainz · Midfielder #8Final rolls of the dice here for Mainz. Barreiro is the first to go off, with Tauer on for him.,0
Anton StachMainz · Midfielder #6And Stach is also taken off and replaced by Stoger. ,0
Karim OnisiwoMainz · Striker #9Another change for Mainz now as Onisiwo is taken off and replaced by Nebel.,0
Asst: B. PavardMUSIALA SCORES! Gnabry's cross is too deep, but Pavard recycles it by picking out Musiala. On the edge of the box, he skips past Barreiro to get into space. He drills his low shot across goal, and Zentner can't get down in time to keep it out. 2-1 Bayern! ,1
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Nagelsmann is making a triple change as well. Sane is the first to go off, with Gnabry replacing him.,0
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24And Tolisso is replaced by Roca in the other Bayern change. ,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Sule is on for Hernandez in defence. ,0
Lee Jae-sungMainz · Midfielder #7And Lee is also taken off, with Boetius on for him.,0
Jonathan BurkardtMainz · Striker #29There's a double change for Mainz here. Burkardt, who's struggled to have an impact in the second half, makes way for Ingvartsen. ,0
tach clips the back of Muller's heels as he tries to get back. It looked more accidental than anything else, but he's shown a yellow card. ,2
Hernandez gets turned around by Onisiwo and the defender ends up dragging him to the floor. He's booked for the challenge. ,2
Asst: C. TolissoCOMAN EQUALISES! It's a long, direct ball over the top from Tolisso, and Coman times his run to stay onside. He brings it down with a brilliant first touch before taking it into the box. Zentner rushes out, but the Frenchman fires his shot through the keeper's legs and into the bottom corner. 1-1! ,1
Sane's frustration is starting to show as he clatters Burkardt from behind. He kicks the ball out of play after the free-kick is given, and he's booked for dissent.,2
Musiala steps across the back of Burkardt and clips the forward in his attempts to win the ball. The free-kick is given and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: J. BurkardtONISIWO SCORES! Martin's persistence down the left keeps the chance alive for Mainz, and he squares in Burkardt, who does well to get away from Hernandez. He lifts it into Onisiwo in the middle, and he's left with a simple header into the back of the net. 1-0 Mainz!,1
Asst: J. MessiasMILAN GET THEIR INSURANCE! 3-1! Florenzi comes on and seemingly secures the three points for the Rossoneri in just two minutes, playing a lovely one-two pass with Messias before breaking into the penalty area and beating Montipo with a low shot to the far post!,1
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2A straight swap at right-back sees Florenzi replace Calabria.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Ibrahimovic is sent on for Leao with under 10 minutes remaining as Pioli looks to hold the lead.,0
Federico CeccheriniVerona · Defender #17Ceccharini won't be able to see out the remainder of the match as Sutalo is brought on in his place.,0
Giovanni SimeoneVerona · Striker #99Tudor opts to replace his striker, sending Lasagna on for Simeone.,0
Messias tracks back to help Calabria dispossess Lazovic, which prompts Ilic to lunge in and catch the Milan full-back, stopping him in his tracks. It’s a yellow card for the Verona midfielder.,2
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33Pioli replaces Krunic with Bennacer in an attempt to shore up the middle of the pitch with just under 25 minutes remaining.,0
Nicolò CasaleVerona · Defender #16Casale makes way for Hongla with Verona making two alterations at once.,0
Davide FaraoniVerona · Midfielder #5Depaoli comes on for Faraoni as Tudor makes a change at wing-back.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Rebic is on for Giroud as Piolo makes two changes in the attack.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Milan make two changes just after the hour, with Messias replacing Saelemaekers in the first alteration.,0
sst: R. LeãoIT’S TONALI AGAIN! 2-1 MILAN! The midfielder absolutely cannot be stopped today, once again getting on the end of Leao’s pass across the face of goal to tuck the ball home at the far post! It was an almost 70 metre run from the Portugal international to set up the chance, following Caprari’s corner at the other end!,1
sst: R. LeãoTHE MILAN SUPPORTER FINDS THE GOAL! 1-1! Not to be denied nearly 30 minutes after his earlier disallowed effort, Tonali manages to make it stick this time - turning Leao’s square pass across the face of goal past Montipo from close range while falling on his back!,1
Leao lets Faraoni know his thoughts on the earlier challenge, which provokes a bit of a scuffle. The referee is left with no other choice and also produces a yellow for the Milan winger.,2
araoni steps into the side of Hernandez cynically after the ball had gone, sending the full-back to the ground with a thud. It’s a yellow card for the Verona captain, who also engages in a bit of afters with Leao following the booking.,2
sst: D. LazovićVERONA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Caprari receives the ball in midfield and waits for the overlapping run of Lazovic, who gets past Calabria to receive the incisive pass. The wing-back gets into the penalty area and chips a cross to the far post for Faraoni, who finishes the move with a simple header!,1
Ivan ToneyBrentford · Striker #17Schade replaces Toney as the striker seems to be injured.,0
orgaard receives a yellow card after a poor challenge on Zinchenko.,2
Granit XhakaArsenal · Midfielder #34Vieira replaces Xhaka to add more creativity to the Arsenal attack.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Wissa comes on for Mbeumo as Brentford look for an equaliser.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Trossard replaces Martinelli as Arsenal's first substitution of the match.,0
onali's booked for his excessive celebration. Will he care? Not a bit!,2
sst: Z. IbrahimovićGOAL! LAZIO 1-2 AC MILAN! Tonali has broken Lazio's resistance! Rebic steals the ball from Marusic, and Milan cross into Lazio's box. The defensive header is a tired one and Ibrahimovic nods the ball on to Tonali, who bundles it over the line past the outstretched glove of Strakosha!,1
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Milan substitution. The lively Leao is replaced by Saelemaekers.,0
Milan's substitute striker Ibrahimovic is booked for catching Basic with a late tackle.,2
Kalulu's the latest player to be booked for a bad tackle on Immobile.,2
Manuel LazzariLazio · Defender #29Lazzari gets an early rest too. On comes Hysaj for Lazio.,0
PatricLazio · Defender #4Lazio make more changes. Luiz Felipe takes Patric's place at centre-back.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Milan substitution. Krunic replaces Messias, who may live to regret his miss earlier.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud also heads off and thumps the roof of the Milan substitutes' bench. Rebic is his replacement.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Milan are going for the win. Ibrahimovic takes Díaz's place on the pitch.,0
Ștefan RaduLazio · Defender #26Lazio make a third change. Marusic replaces Radu at left-back.,0
Lucas LeivaLazio · Midfielder #6Lazio make a few substitutions. The booked Lucas goes off first. Cataldi replaces him.,0
Luis AlbertoLazio · Midfielder #10Alberto also makes way. Basic comes on for Lazio.,0
ucas picks up a yellow card for halting the run of Hernandez through the middle.,2
sst: R. LeãoGOAL! LAZIO 1-1 AC MILAN! Giroud equalises for Milan with a lovely goal! Leao bursts behind Lazio's defence to roll the ball across the face of the six-yard box. The Frenchman slides across the turf to tuck it into the net!,1
Tomori's booked for a forceful tackle on Immobile. The referee wields his yellow card straight away. It could have been a red.,2
trakosha receives a silly yellow card for handling the ball outside the area. It had deflected back to him after Leao had blocked his kick upfield.,2
Asst: S. Milinković-SavićGOAL! LAZIO 1-0 AC MILAN! Immobile gives Lazio an early lead! Milinkovic-Savic chests down the throw-in and plops a cross into the six-yard box from the byline. Immobile gets in front of his marker to stab it home from close range!,1
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Tuchel also makes a change, bringing on Choupo-Moting for Musiala.,0
Tel is penalised for a foul, and then receives a yellow card for his furious reaction to the decision.,2
Yussuf PoulsenRB Leipzig · Striker #9Sesko is also on in place of Poulsen.,0
Emil ForsbergRB Leipzig · Midfielder #10Rose responds to the equaliser with a pair of changes, first bringing on Baumgartner for Forsberg.,0
Asst: J. MusialaGOAL!!! SANE FIRES BAYERN LEVEL!!! It all comes from a Leipzig corner as the visitors clear, before Musiala charges upfield on the counter. He gets deep into the hosts' half before playing a superb pass through for Sane, who keeps his composure to place past Blaswich and in to make it 2-2!,1
enalty GoalGOAL!!! KANE HALVES THE DEFICIT!!! The England international steps up for his spot-kick, and though Blaswich goes the right way and gets a hand to Kane's effort, the power sends it flying into the back of the net. Bayern are back in it as they reduce Leipzig's lead to 2-1!,1
pamecano goes in the book for a late sliding challenge on Poulsen.,2
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Tuchel makes a couple of changes at the break, first bringing on Tel for Coman.,0
Ulreich tries to get play restarted with the VAR check still going on, and the referee gives him a booking.,2
ane receives a booking for a late challenge from behind on Simakan.,2
Asst: L. OpendaGOAL!!! LEIPZIG ARE 2-0 UP!!! It is a howler from Ulreich as he comes for a corner and does not get there. It catches Openda off guard at the back post, and he himself cannot take advantage, inadvertently heading back into the box. However, Lukeba is there to fire home and double his team's lead!,1
Asst: X. SchlagerGOAL!!! OPENDA GIVES LEIPZIG THE LEAD!!! Schlager plays a ball through for the striker, but he still has plenty to do. He manages to hold off Kim and drive into the box, eventually digging a shot out. He gets a huge slice of luck as his effort deflects off Kim, wrongfooting Ulreich and flying into the back of the net to put the hosts 1-0 up!,1
Florian WirtzLeverkusen · Midfielder #27Wirtz also heads off. The Greek defender Retsos takes his place for Leverkusen.,0
Patrik SchickLeverkusen · Striker #14Leverkusen make a change. The Argentine striker Alario replaces Schick who'll be glad to have scored.,0
Niklas SüleBayern · Defender #4Sule is the latest Bayern player to get an early rest. The former England Under-21 international Richards comes on.,0
Robert LewandowskiBayern · Striker #9Lewandowski is last to head off for now. He'll have to settle for just the two goals. Musiala takes his place.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Bayern also decide to rest a few more players. Coman replaces Muller.,0
Moussa DiabyLeverkusen · Midfielder #19Diaby also makes way. Adli is his replacement for Leverkusen.,0
Jeremie FrimpongLeverkusen · Defender #30Leverkusen make a few more changes. Bellarabi first replaces Frimpong, who's had a tough game.,0
Asst: F. WirtzGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 1-5 BAYERN MUNICH! Schick cuts the deficit slightly for Leverkusen, latching onto Wirtz's throughball and arrowing the ball past Neuer and in off the far left post. It's not much for the hosts but it's something.,1
PaulinhoLeverkusen · Midfielder #7Seoane hauls Paulinho off at half-time as Leverkusen focus on damage limitation. The Burkinabe centre-back Tapsoba comes on.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Bayern make a substitution at half-time. Sabitzer replaces Goretzka in midfield.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Here's that Bayern change. Davies touches the ground before heading off. Stanisic takes the Canadian's place at full-back.,0
sst: L. GoretzkaGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-5 BAYERN MUNICH! Leverkusen look shellshocked. Gnabry scores again, slotting into the bottom left corner with his left foot after receiving a nice pass from Goretzka.,1
sst: T. MüllerGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-4 BAYERN MUNICH! This is getting embarrassing for Leverkusen. The hosts pass backwards from kick-off and Frimpong gives the ball away. Muller crosses from the left and Gnabry cuts across Hradecky to dink the ball into the net.,1
Asst: N. SüleGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-3 BAYERN MUNICH! This may well be over as a contest. Bayern get a corner which Leverkusen don't entirely clear. Sule goes for goal from the left of the box. Muller tries to get out of the way but ends up guiding the shot in via his thigh instead. When your luck's in, your luck's in.,1
sst: A. DaviesGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-2 BAYERN MUNICH! Lewandowski grabs his second goal of the game as Bayern race upfield quickly. Sane leaves the ball in the box for Davies and Lewandowski takes charge of the situation, lashing into the net from the centre of the box.,1
sst: D. UpamecanoGOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Bayern take the lead almost straight away! Diaby fouls Davies in Leverkusen's half. The ball in finds Upamecano at the far post who crosses low, and Lewandowski beats Hradecky with a clever backheel towards the far post!,1
here was a bit of a scuffle after that chance for Arsenal, and Abdul Samed receives a booking for his part in the incident.,2
Deiver MachadoLens · Midfielder #3Aguilar is on in place of Machado.,0
Elye WahiLens · Striker #9Having just put his team ahead, Wahi trudges off for Said.,0
Adrien ThomassonLens · Midfielder #28Thomasson, who levelled for Lens earlier in the game, comes off for Fulgini.,0
Kai HavertzArsenal · Midfielder #29Arteta responds to Wahi's strike with a trio of substitutions. The first sees Havertz replaced by Smith Rowe.,0
sst: P. FrankowskiGOAL!!! LENS ARE IN FRONT!!! Frankowski's whipped cross is delightful to pick out Wahi in the middle, and the new signing's first-time finish is sublime to beat Raya for power and fly into the back of the net. 2-1 to the hosts!,1
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Saka is forced to limp off, and Vieira comes on in his place.,0
Asst: E. WahiGOAL!!! THOMASSON MAKES IT 1-1!!! It is an exquisite strike from the winger, as he races onto Wahi's deft knock-down. Thomasson opens up his body before placing a superb finish past Raya and into the net to get Lens level!,1
sst: B. SakaGOAL!!! JESUS FIRES ARSENAL IN FRONT!!! He has barely had a kick so far, but one Lens mistake and he punishes them! Thomasson carelessly gives the ball away, and Saka latches on it. He feeds it into Jesus, who shifts it onto his right before rifling into the bottom-left corner to put the visitors 1-0 up!,1
OAL! ARSENAL MAKE IT 2-2 IN STOPPAGE TIME! Palace don’t deal with a corner and the ball bounces dangerously around the penalty area, with White seeing his shot blocked, before it falls to Lacazette in the six-yard box. The striker is unmarked and he drills it into the back of the net from close range.,1
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Midfielder #22It looks like Palace are going to try and see the game out, with Edouard coming off and he has been replaced by Tomkins.,0
Thomas ParteyArsenal · Midfielder #5Third and final Arsenal change, as Partey makes away for Martinelli.,0
Asst: M. OliseGOAL! PALACE TAKE THE LEAD! The visitors break forward on the counter and catch Arsenal out at the back! Gallagher plays it across to Olise, who then feeds Edouard and the striker powers his effort towards goal, that beats Ramsdale for pace and cannons against the crossbar, before bouncing down and over the line. Palace lead 2-1!,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Another substitution by the visitors, with Ayew coming off and he has been replaced by Olise.,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Palace make a change of their own, with Milivojevic heading off and he has been replaced by Kouyate.,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Here comes the Arsenal change, with Odegaard the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lacazette.,0
Asst: J. AyewGOAL! PALACE ARE LEVEL! Ayew presses high and wins the ball back off Partey in a dangerous position, before playing it through to Benteke, who beats Gabriel and he then only has Ramsdale to beat. The striker shows great composure to keep his cool and fire it into the bottom right corner of the net. It’s 1-1!,1
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Arsenal have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Saka struggling with an injury at the end of the first period and he has been replaced by Lokonga.,0
McArthur is now booked after he flies into the back of Saka and catches him very late. The Arsenal players are furious with the challenge and surround the referee.,2
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Saka for his late lunge on Ayew, bringing the Palace man to the ground.,2
GOAL! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD! Palace fail to deal with a corner and Pepe plays a quick one-two with Tomiyasu and then receives it back on the right side of the box and he tries to curl the ball into the top left corner of the net. However, Guaita makes a great save, tipping it out wide, but straight into the path of Aubameyang and the striker shows great reactions to power it into the back of the net from a very tight angle. It’s 1-0 after eight minutes!,1
Jayden BogleSheffield United · Midfielder #20Bogle limps towards the touchline and is replaced for the final few seconds by Osula.,0
Robinson goes into the book after catching Joao Pedro late. He will have to tread carefully now.,2
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28McAtee picks up a knock and is unable to continue. Heckingbottom is taking no chances as he introduces Ben Slimane for the last five minutes.,0
Baleba catches McAtee late and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Ansu FatiBrighton · Striker #31Fati is also given a breather as he is replaced by Veltman in a very defensive change by the hosts.,0
Billy GilmourBrighton · Midfielder #11De Zerbi responds by making a couple of substitutions. One of those sees Gilmour make way to be replaced by Baleba.,0
ED CARD FOR DAHOUD! Brighton are down to 10 men! The midfielder is shown a straight red card after he appeared to stamp on Osborn's ankle. It did look accidental to be fair, but it was endangering his opponent.,3
Vinícius SouzaSheffield United · Midfielder #21United are forced into a change early in the second half. Vinicius, who picked up a knock during the opening 45 minutes, makes way for Osborn.,0
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana is also given a breather by De Zerbi. He is replaced on the left flank by Mitoma.,0
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40Brighton make two changes at the break. The first sees Buonanotte, who assisted the opening goal, replaced by Joao Pedro.,0
Buonanotte drags back Hamer and prevents him from potentially launching a counter. The Brighton man goes into the book.,2
Bogle receives the first yellow card of the game after catching Adingra with a late sliding challenge.,2
Asst: F. BuonanotteADINGRA!!! 1-0 BRIGHTON! What a start by the hosts! They take the lead in the sixth minute as Adingra cuts inside from the left and embarks on a strong run towards the penalty area. He then plays a neat one-two with Buonanotte before slotting past Foderingham.,1
JorginhoArsenal · Midfielder #20Elneny is on, and it's the outstanding Jorginho who makes way to a standing ovation. He has controlled things from the off, really staking a claim for a regular starting spot.,0
Asst: D. BurnGOOOAAAL! Newcastle get one back, and it's their former Arsenal player Willock! Barnes drives over halfway before slipping Gordon into the area, and he offloads to Burn. The towering full-back chips his cross into the centre, where Willock sends a diving header looping into the top-right corner. Finally, something for the travelling fans to cheer – it's 4-1!,1
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Finally, Saka goes off to rapturous applause after an excellent display on the right. Nelson takes his place for the closing stages.,0
Kai HavertzArsenal · Striker #29Nketiah is on for Havertz up front, with Arteta deciding not to take any risks with Jesus.,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Arteta responds with three substitutions of his own. Smith Rowe takes Odegaard's place in midfield.,0
Sven BotmanNewcastle · Defender #4Botman, meanwhile, is taken off after getting the ball rolling with his own goal. Lascelles replaces him at centre-back.,0
Bruno GuimarãesNewcastle · Midfielder #39With the game surely beyond Newcastle, Howe withdraws some of his key players. Guimaraes makes way, having avoided a booking which would have landed him a two-match ban, as Willock comes on.,0
Asst: D. RiceGOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! IT'S ANOTHER SET-PIECE GOAL FOR ARSENAL! THEY ARE RUNNING RIOT! Rice's inswinging kick is flicked on by Kiwior at the near post, and his header takes the slightest of touches off Miley in the middle to beat Karius. This could get ugly for Newcastle from here, it's 4-0!,1
sst: K. HavertzGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! SAKA WITH A GREAT SOLO EFFORT! What a goal that is from the England international! Havertz recovers possession high up the pitch for Arsenal and Rice and Odegaard are both involved as the ball is worked to Saka on the right corner of the box. He sprints towards the byline before checking back, leaving Livramento in a heap on the ground, before whipping his left-footed shot into the bottom-left corner! 3-0, and surely it's game over now!,1
Alexander IsakNewcastle · Striker #14Barnes, meanwhile, takes the place of Isak. Gordon will play centrally now, with Howe not taking any risks with Isak following his latest injury lay-off.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24It's a double change for Newcastle. First, Murphy replaces the disappointing Almiron on the right flank.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Both managers are turning to their benches here. Martinelli gets a standing ovation as he becomes the first player to make way, with Arteta introducing Trossard.,0
Asst: G. MartinelliGOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLL! HAVERTZ MAKES IT 2-0, ARSENAL ARE FLYING! It's outstanding work from Martinelli, who darts in behind Botman to reach Jorginho's lofted pass, taking it down while moving away from goal, towards the right side of the box. Without looking up, he cuts it back into the six-yard box, and Havertz arrives to tap it home! It's a beautifully worked goal, and Newcastle have a mountain to climb.,1
t's taken just seven minutes for us to see the first yellow card. Almiron does brilliantly to burst away from his own box, exchanging passes with Trippier before going down under Odegaard's scything challenge. The Arsenal captain is cautioned by Paul Tierney.,2
Asst: A. MartialGOAL! MAN UNITED 5-0 RB LEIPZIG! Rashford grabs a Champions League hat-trick! Martial draws in a few Leipzig defenders and lays off to Rashford in the box. Rashford takes a touch and spanks the ball past Gulacsi. The young man is on fire.,1
enalty GoalGOAL! MAN UNITED 4-0 RB LEIPZIG! Martial steps up and smashes the penalty into the bottom left corner. Gulacsi nearly gets a hand on it but it's too powerful for the Hungarian to keep out.,1
abitzer is booked for that challenge on Martial. Rashford is very unselfish in allowing Martial to take the penalty...,2
Paul PogbaMan United · Midfielder #6Cavani also trots onto the pitch for United. Pogba gets the last few minutes off.,0
GOAL! MAN UNITED 3-0 RB LEIPZIG! Rashford grabs a quick-fire second, and within the blink of an eye Leipzig have gone from very much in the match to completely out of it. Upamecano's error presents the ball to the striker who absolutely lashes the ball into the back of the net.,1
Kluivert's only on the pitch for a matter of seconds before he's booked for a foul on Pogba. That's one way to make an impression.,2
Kevin KamplRB Leipzig · Midfielder #44Leipzig substitution. Kampl is sacrificed to bring on the Dutch winger Kluivert, son of Patrick Kluivert.,0
Asst: B. FernandesGOAL! MAN UNITED 2-0 RB LEIPZIG! Fernandes finds Rashford with a sumptuous pass. Rashford times his run perfectly, dashing from inside his own half to get one-on-one with Gulacsi and fire into the net. The offside flag goes up but Rashford was clearly in his own half as the ball was played, so he can't be offside! VAR takes a look and the goal is given! Rashford played to the whistle and reaped the rewards!,1
Donny van de BeekMan United · Midfielder #34van de Beek has had a fine game. The Dutchman makes way for Fernandes, who'll take his place in attacking midfield.,0
Christopher NkunkuRB Leipzig · Midfielder #18Leipzig have made another change by the way. Sorloth has replaced Nkunku. He'll play up front alongside Poulsen.,0
Benjamin HenrichsRB Leipzig · Midfielder #39Leipzig substitution. The Austrian midfielder Sabitzer comes on for Henrichs.,0
Nemanja MatićMan United · Midfielder #31Matic also makes way for McTominay. United are looking to shore up their midfield.,0
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Striker #11Now it's United's turn to make their changes. Rashford replaces the goalscorer Greenwood.,0
Henrichs picks up an early yellow card in this second half for a late challenge on Pogba near the left touchline. The wing-back will have to be careful now.,2
Matic receives the first yellow card of the game for a mistimed challenge on Forsberg.,2
Asst: P. PogbaGOAL! MAN UNITED 1-0 RB LEIPZIG! Greenwood gives the hosts the lead! Pogba goes on a mazy run forward and times his pass through to Greenwood to perfection. Greenwood latches on it and dispatches it calmly into the bottom right corner. There's a quick VAR check for offside and the goal stands!,1
ebischer looks to release Ferguson in midfield, but he's pulled back by Adli, who is booked for the needless foul.,2
Jerdy SchoutenBologna · Midfielder #30The booked Schouten is also withdrawn, and so Lewis Ferguson will come on for his Bologna debut.,0
Fikayo TomoriMilan · Defender #23Tomori comes off in Milan's last change, and the England defender is replaced by Matteo Gabbia for Stefano Pioli's side.,0
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Hernandez comes off in Milan's latest change, and he's replaced at left-back by Fode Ballo-Toure.,0
Gary MedelBologna · Defender #17Medel comes off next for the visitors, with Kevin Bonifazi entering the fray.,0
ansone surges down the left for Bologna, before cutting inside Calabria and being chopped down from behind. The Rossoneri were really exposed at the back there, so Calabria won't mind taking a booking for that tactical foul.,2
Nicolás DomínguezBologna · Midfielder #8Dominguez is the third man withdrawn by Sinisa Mihajlovic, with Michel Aebischer coming on in the middle.,0
Emanuel VignatoBologna · Midfielder #55Vignato is the next Bologna forward to come off, and Roberto Soriano replaces him.,0
Musa BarrowBologna · Striker #99Bologna also make several changes, the first of which sees Barrow come off for Nicola Sansone.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Messias is also withdrawn for Milan, replaced on the right wing by Alexis Saelemaekers.,0
Charles De KetelaereMilan · Midfielder #90De Ketelaere, making his first start for the club, has been unplayable at times, but comes off now as Milan bring on Tommaso Pobega.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Bennacer comes off in Milan's first chance, with Yacine Adli coming on to make his Rossoneri debut.,0
sst: R. LeãoGOOOOAAAALLLLLL!!!! It's two!!!! Cambiaso's switch ball across his backline is cut out by Leao, who dinks it over the top for Giroud to send goalwards with an elegant over-the-shoulder volley!!! 2-0 to Milan, and it's a moment of brilliance from the Frenchman that scores it!,1
De Ketelaere turns Schouten deep in his own half and powers over halfway, but he's pulled back by the Bologna midfielder, who is penalised and booked by the referee.,2
Asst: C. De KetelaereGOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! The Rossoneri hit the front!!!! De Ketelaere picks Schouten's pocket in midfield and drives forward with the ball. He finds Leao to his left, who fires a low finish into the near corner, wrongfooting Skorupski, and making it 1-0 to the home side!,1
uarte is shown a yellow card for a foul on Trincao just outside Pacheco’s area on the right.,2
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Midfielder #22Koeman continues to roll the dice, replacing Fati with Braithwaite in an attempt to steal a late winner.,0
Tomás PinaAlavés · Midfielder #8A change in midfield sees Pina replaced by Marin with less than 20 minutes left in the game.,0
Luis RiojaAlavés · Midfielder #11Rioja’s goal has Alaves in position to earn a point, but his match is over as he’s replaced by Garcia.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Koeman looks to freshen up his side with 20 minutes to go, as Alba is taken off and replaced by Dest. ,0
ARCELONA GET THEMSELVES LEVEL! Fati makes a challenge on the loose ball outside the penalty area and it breaks kindly for Griezmann, who latches onto it inside the 18 and chips it over Pacheco! 1-1!,1
RED CARD FOR ALAVES! Jota has made his side’s fight for three points a lot more difficult, getting himself sent off for a second yellow card after raising his boot high and catching Pique high in the chest. It’s unfortunate for the midfielder, but it’s worthy of a booking. The hosts down to 10 men!,3
Édgar MéndezAlavés · Midfielder #16The third change of the match for the hosts is a straight swap on the wing, as Tavares is in for Mendez. ,0
DeyversonAlavés · Striker #14Deyverson has been very good in his limited touches today, sparking a couple of dangerous counter-attacks. He’s taken off before the hour though, as Joselu comes on to replace him.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5A substitution at half-time for Barcelona sees a change in midfield. Busquets is replaced by Pjanic.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Midfielder #11Dembele is replaced by Trincao on the wing as Koeman looks to make wholesale changes. ,0
Clément LengletBarcelona · Defender #15The third switch is an interesting one, as winger Pedri is on for Lenglet - who was playing in defence. ,0
usquets is booked for a sliding challenge in midfield, in a failed attempt to prevent a counter-attack.,2
The counter continues, just until Lenglet as Rioja’s jersey is pulled by the centre-back. It’s a free-kick for the hosts, while the Barcelona player receives a yellow card.,2
Ximo NavarroAlavés · Defender #23Alaves are forced into a change four minutes from half-time, as Navarro is unable to run off an earlier injury. Aguirregabiria is his replacement. ,0
Messi is booked for a cynical foul after failing to get the referee to award him a free-kick for various niggling fouls during Barca’s last attack.,2
ALAVES TAKE THE LEAD AFTER A MESS IN BARCELONA’S DEFENCE! Rioja bursts forward on a counter-attack, but loses possession just outside the 18-yard box to Pique. The defender passes it back to Neto and looks for the pass back, but the keeper’s first touch is poor - allowing Rioja to slip in, take possession back and tuck it away! 1-0 to the hosts!,1
Deyverson steps into Messi - sending the Barcelona captain to the floor just outside the 18-yard box. It's a yellow card for the Alaves striker while giving Barcelona a chance to trouble Pacheco.  ,2
Jota tugs Griezmann’s jersey back inside the centre-circle and receives the first yellow card of the match.,2
It's very feisty now and Herrera is the latest player to be booked after he tries to block Gulacsi as he went to kick the ball out of his hands.,2
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Late PSG change now, with Mbappe replaced by Icardi. Surely it is too late to see any more goals?,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! IT'S 2-2! Szoboszlai steps up to take the penalty and he fires the ball into the bottom left corner of the net! It was just out of the reach of Donnarumma, who dived the right way and the keeper is furious that he didn't manage to save that, but it just had too much pace on it.,1
Donnarumma is booked for dissent after protesting the penalty decision with the referee.,2
Georginio WijnaldumPSG · Midfielder #18There will be no hat-trick for Wijnaldum as he heads off and is replaced by Herrera.,0
Konrad LaimerRB Leipzig · Midfielder #27Leipzig also make a change, with Laimer replaced by Henrichs.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11PSG finally make some changes and the first sees Di Maria replaced by Draxler.,0
Tyler AdamsRB Leipzig · Midfielder #14Another Leipzig change now, with Adams heading off the pitch and Carvajal is his replacement.,0
Neymar is now booked after he dives into the back of Mukiele. He then sarcastically claps the decision and argues with the referee.,2
imakan is booked for a blatant shirt pull on Wijnaldum as the midfielder looked to break forward.,2
Mendes is shown a yellow card for a poor challenge on Adams down the left wing. The second PSG player to be booked.,2
André SilvaRB Leipzig · Striker #33Meanwhile the other change sees Silva replaced by Poulsen.,0
Emil ForsbergRB Leipzig · Midfielder #10The first Leipzig substitution sees Forsberg come off and he has been replaced by Szoboszlai.,0
Willi OrbánRB Leipzig · Defender #4Leipzig have made a change ahead of the second half, with Orban the man coming off and he has been replaced by Haidara.,0
Asst: MarquinhosGOAL! PSG TAKE THE LEAD! Marquinhos gets on the end of a deep corner into the box and he heads it back to Wijnaldum, who rushes past the Leipzig defence and he powers a header into the back of the net. The flag initially went up for offside, but VAR reviewed the decision and the replays show that Wijnaldum was just onside as the ball comes to him, so the goal stands. It’s 2-1!,1
impembe is the first PSG player to be booked for a poor challenge on Nkunku, sliding in late and getting nowhere near the ball.,2
Adams is the first player to be booked after he lashes out at Di Maria and sends the PSG winger to the ground. Di Maria requires some medical treatment, but should be fine to continue.,2
Asst: K. MbappeGOAL! PSG ARE LEVEL! Lovely move by PSG in the final third, opening up the Leipzig defence and Wijnaldum makes it 1-1. Neymar fires a ball in behind for Mbappe, who just manages to stay onside and he races into the penalty area and could go for goal himself. However, he opts to square it across goal to Wijnaldum, who has a tap in from close range and makes no mistakes with the finish.,1
Danilo is also shown a yellow card for the foul on Silva in the box, which has handed Leipzig a chance to double their lead from the penalty spot.,2
Asst: A. SilvaGOAL! LEIPZIG TAKE THE LEAD! Nkunku scores against his former side to fire Leipzig 1-0 ahead! Silva does brilliantly down the left wing, winning the ball back off Hakimi, before whipping a superb cross into the penalty area and Nkunku meets it at the near post, glancing it into the far corner of the net. Great finish.,1
Arbnor MujaAntwerp · Midfielder #11Muja, whose first-half shot has been Antwerp's only opportunity thus far, trudges off for Valencia to come on.,0
João CanceloBarcelona · Defender #2Cancelo takes his time coming off the pitch as Xavi sends on Roberto for the final 15 minutes or so.,0
Jelle BatailleAntwerp · Defender #34Bataille, who scored an own goal in the opening half, is brought off for Kerk by Van Bommel.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #11Raphinha's last act will be his assist, as Xavi brings the winger off for Torres.,0
João FélixBarcelona · Striker #14There will be no hat-trick for Joao Felix, who is taken off for 16-year-old Yamal's Champions League debut.,0
Asst: RaphinhaGOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! BARCA GO 5-0 UP! The Blaugrana are refusing to let Antwerp out their own half and the pressure eventually tells. Raphinha dances around Wijndal with ease before curling a delightful cross for Joao Felix to head a simple back-post finish into Butez’s goal.,1
Michel-Ange BalikwishaAntwerp · Midfielder #10The energetic Balikwisha is also withdrawn for former Leicester City full-back De Laet.,0
Vincent JanssenAntwerp · Striker #18Ilenikhena is introduced for Janssen, as Van Bommel takes the chance to make a triple substitution.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #6Gavi's game is over as the midfielder is rewarded with a rest. Lopez comes on in his place.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21Xavi makes his first two changes. Firstly, Romeu replaces De Jong.,0
sst: R. LewandowskiGOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLLL! 4-0 BARCA! Lewandowski and Gundogan get in each other’s way as the pair attempt to beat Butez from Cancelo’s cutback pass on the right-hand side. The ball ricochets kindly off Lewandowski to Gavi, who powers to the left of goal before hammering a left-footed effort into the roof of the net for his first Champions League goal.,1
avi foolishly pulls Keita down as the Antwerp midfielder breaks away and the Spain international is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
sst: J. FélixGOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! 2-0 TO THE BLAUGRANA! Another fine Barcelona goal doubles the hosts’ lead. De Jong is central to getting the ball forward, finding Joao Felix with a clever throughball through the left-hand side. The Atletico Madrid loanee cuts inside and chips to the back post for Lewandowski, who punishes Antwerp with a simple first-time finish on the volley. The VAR has a quick check for offside before confirming the goal can stand!,1
Asst: İ. GündoğanGOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 BARCELONA! The Blaugrana are at their brilliant best as Joao Felix finishes with an expert right-footed finish past the helpless Butez. Gundogan plays a one-two with Lewandowski before feeding the Portugal international, who takes a touch inside the area before drilling into the bottom-left corner with the Antwerp goalkeeper unsighted.,1
sst: J. GrealishGOOOAAALLL! IT’S 5-0! Grealish and Foden play a lovely one-two down the left wing, before Grealish races into the box and then squares it across the box to Sterling, who coolly converts to make it five in stoppage time.,1
Asst: O. ZinchenkoGOOOAAALLL! FODEN SCORES A FOURTH! Grealish races down the left wing beating Trippier, before pulling it back to Zinchenko, who drills a low cross into the path of Foden, who diverts the ball into the back of the net to make it 4-0 late on.,1
Targett has been shown a yellow card late on, after he pulls Sterling to the ground down the right wing.,2
Aymeric LaporteMan City · Defender #14Final City change now, with Laporte the man coming off and he has been replaced by Egan-Riley.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Final Newcastle change now, with Almiron departing and Murphy heads on.,0
De Bruyne is booked for a blatant foul on Saint-Maximin as the Newcastle man looked to break forward on the counter-attack.,2
Burn ia booked for a series of coming togethers with Laporte in the penalty area as a corner is set to come into the box.,2
Chris WoodNewcastle · Striker #20Wood is the other to make way and Wilson is his replacement.,0
Emil KrafthNewcastle · Defender #17Here is the double Newcastle change, with Krafth the first to come off and on comes Trippier.,0
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9City make their second change now, with Jesus the man heading off and Foden is his replacement.,0
Asst: K. De BruyneGOOOAAALLL! RODRI MAKES IT 3-0! De Bruyne delivers a superb corner delivery into the penalty area towards the near post and Rodri gets ahead of Krafth and powers his header past Dubravka and into the back of the net.,1
Rúben DiasMan City · Defender #3City have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Dias coming off and Fernandinho is his replacement.,0
GOOOAAALLL! CITY DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! De Bruyne delivers a deep corner into the box, which finds Gundogan on the edge of the penalty area and he fires a shot at goal, which Dubravka spills in the six-yard box. Dias tries to pounce, but the keeper makes the save, before the rebound falls to Laporte, who smashes it home from close range. It’s 2-0 just before half-time.,1
Guimaraes is booked for a very late sliding challenge on Grealish and the Newcastle man gets nowhere near the ball. Deserved yellow card.,2
sst: J. CanceloGOOOAAALLL! CITY TAKE THE LEAD! Sterling fires the hosts ahead after 19 minutes after a superb cross from Gundogan finds Cancelo at the far post and he heads the ball back across goal to Sterling, who heads home from close range, with Dubravka unable to get anywhere near it. They lead 1-0!,1
Bernard is shown a yellow card for a rash and petulant challenge.,2
Robert Snodgrass is shown a yellow card for a crunching tackle on Bernard which gives Everton a free-kick in a great position to cross. ,2
Andriy YarmolenkoWest Ham · Midfielder #20Two-goal hero Andriy Yarmolenko makes way with nine minutes remaining – with Robert Snodgrass coming in to replace him.  ,0
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Everton’s final substitution sees the removal of Theo Walcott who was one of Everton’s brighter outlets. Ademola Lookman comes on to replace him.,0
It’s a yellow card for Declan Rice who takes Walcott down just outside the penalty area in a central position. It’s poised for Sigurdsson who stands over it… ,2
Mark NobleWest Ham · Midfielder #16Carlos Sanchez is introduced to add some solidity to the midfield. Mark Noble makes way for him. ,0
Cenk TosunEverton · Striker #14Cenk Tosun is done for the day, with Marco Silva looking to influence the game by introducing Oumar Niasse.,0
Marko ArnautovićWest Ham · Striker #7Manuel Pellegrini’s worst fears are realised as he is forced to remove Marko Arnautovic from the action – choosing Michail Antonio has his replacement. ,0
sst: P. ObiangARNAUTOVIC RESTORES WEST HAM’S TWO-GOAL LEAD! Marko Arnautovic plays a pass to Obiang at the top of the penalty area and the midfielder puts a wonderful return through the heart of the defence where Arnautovic latches on and slips it past Pickford! 3-1 West Ham!,1
ow it’s Zabaleta who takes down Bernard after the diminutive Brazil attacker gets by the full-back with a nifty touch. The free-kick is centred to Gueye who plays a ball in for Digne – the left-back miscuing his touch as Yarmolenko ducks out of the way.  ,2
Andriy Yarmolenko is shown a yellow card after tugging Bernard down by holding his jersey, and having a nibble at the back of his ankle. A deserved booking.,2
Asst: J. KennySIGURDSSON STEALS ONE BEFORE THE BREAK! It’s a simple move as Everton shift the ball from left to right before Jonjoe Kenny puts in a wonderful cross which meets the head of Gylfi Sigurdsson who beats the former Swansea goalkeeper with wonderful accuracy! 2-1!   ,1
Morgan SchneiderlinEverton · Midfielder #18Interesting decision from Marco Silva who makes a first-half substitution, taking Morgan Schneiderlin off and putting Bernard on the pitch. It’s not apparent whether the change is enforced due to injury, or tactical – but Everton certainly need all the help they can get in attack.,0
Everton are furious as they believe they should be awarded a penalty for an awful Masuaku challenge in which he puts his studs on the neck of Walcott during an aerial duel. The referee only gives Masuaku a yellow – which is a curious decision to say the least – and gives Everton a free-kick just outside the right-hand corner of the penalty area.,2
Asst: M. NobleWHAT A HIT FROM YARMOLENKO TO MAKE IT 2-0 WEST HAM! Following an Everton give-away, Yarmolenko receives a pass from Noble on the right and cuts inside, curling a wonderful hit with his left foot into the top corner of Pickford’s goal. 2-0 for the visitors!  ,1
West Ham win a free-kick in midfield after Noble is taken down, with Calvert-Lewin the recipient of the yellow card. ,2
Asst: M. ArnautovićANDRIY YARMOLENKO MAKES IT 1-0 WEST HAM! The visitors hit quickly on the counter after Balbuena wins possession in midfield. Masuaku then plays a lovely ball over the top for Arnautovic who squares it intelligently for Yarmolenko to tap home! ,1
GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! EQUALISER!!! Lazio have done it!!! Patric intercepts Marley's pass and sets off on the counter himself, feeding Basic 30 yards from goal. He shoots low from the edge of the box, which Perin parries, but Milinkovic-Savic arrives at the back post to smash the ball from a tight angle and find the roof of the net!!! What a goal, and what a game!!! 2-2!!!,1
atric protests at the referee's decision very aggressively, and he's booked for dissent!,2
Manuel LazzariLazio · Defender #29Lazzari overstretched to reach that long ball, and needs to come off. He does eventually, and Stefan Radu comes on for him.,0
Juve set off on the counter with Sandro at full tilt, but Milinkovic-Savic brings him down on halfway and is booked for the foul.,2
Marley catches Marusic very late down the left, and the Juve substitute is booked as the clock enters the final 10 minutes.,2
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Midfielder #10Dybala comes off for what may well be the final time for Juventus, and their top scorer this season is replaced by Martin Palumbo.,0
Danilo CataldiLazio · Midfielder #32Cataldi also comes off, following a very composed performance, and Lucas Leiva will come on for him.,0
Luis AlbertoLazio · Midfielder #10Alberto comes off in Lazio's next change, and is replaced by Toma Basic in midfield.,0
Cuadrado slides in wildly on Zaccagni, catching him late and in the back of his leg and clearly warranting a yellow card. That was, to put it mildly, a nasty one.,2
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Midfielder #9Morata's superb hour on the pitch comes to an end, as he's withdrawn for Luca Pellegrini.,0
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #7Vlahovic also comes off having opened the scoring for Juve, and he's replaced by Moise Kean.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #27Juve make a triple change, with Locatelli coming off for Marley Ake.,0
Jovane CabralLazio · Striker #11Cabral comes off for Lazio, replaced up front by Spanish international Pedro.,0
Bernardeschi slides in to knock the ball back to Cuadrado down the touchline, but after he's dispossessed by Zaccagni, Bernardeschi clips him from behind and is penalised and booked!,2
Acerbi arrives late to tackle Vlahovic and brings him down whilst winning none of the ball. It's a free-kick for Juve, and a yellow card for Acerbi, receiving the game's first booking.,2
sst: J. CuadradoGOOOAAAALLLL!!! There's number two!!! Juve counter at space as Dybala's backheel sends Cuadrado forward. He cuts it across the box to Morata, who skilfully beats Patric before shooting for the far corner, and the ball goes in off the far post! 2-0 Juve, and all that Lazio pressure comes to nothing as the Bianconeri double their lead!,1
Giorgio ChielliniJuventus · Defender #3Juve's 17-year veteran Chiellini comes off after 17 minutes, in his final home appearance for Juventus, and Matthijs De Ligt replaces an immortal of the Bianconeri's history.,0
sst: A. MorataGOOOAAAAALLL!!! The home side hit the front!!! Morata takes the throw-in and gets it back from Dybala. He swings a cross into the area, where Vlahovic peels off the Lazio centre-backs and taps it beyond Strakosha! 1-0 to Juve, and that was a poacher's finish if ever there was one!,1
Beermann is shown yellow for dissent after arguing with the referee about the yellow card that had just been shown to Griesbeck.,2
Griesbeck is shown yellow for a tough challenge on Lewandowski.,2
ewandowski goes through the back of Beermann and has his name taken down by the referee.,2
enalty GoalGOOALLLL! BAYERN TAKE THE LATE LEAD! Lewandowski lined up the penalty, stuttered to send Kevin Muller the wrong way, and finished with power into the left side of goal for what is surely the winner! Bayern Munich 5-4 Heidenheim,1
enalty GoalGOOOALLLL! GLATZEL COMPLETES HIS HAT-TRICK AND HEIDENHEIM ARE LEVEL! WHAT A MATCH THIS IS! After the penalty was conceded by Hummels, Glatzel stepped up coolly and chipped Ulreich to score the equalizer! Bayern Munich 4-4 Heidenheim,1
sst: M. MulthaupGOALLLL!!! Heidenheim pull one back! Glatzel gets his second of the match as the substitute Multhaup found the striker drifting left-to-right, and the latter pulled the shot back across Ulreich and into the bottom-left corner. That certainly makes things interesting! Bayern Munich 4-3 Heidenheim,1
Norman TheuerkaufHeidenheim · Defender #30Speaking of final changes, Heidenheim now make theirs as Thomalla comes on for Theuerkauf.,0
Marc SchnattererHeidenheim · Midfielder #7Heidenheim make their second change as Schnatterer is replaced by Multhaup.,0
Asst: M. HummelsGOOALLLL! After review, Gnabry's goal has been given! Hummels headed the ball on to Gnabry who was kept onside by Feick... and the Bayern man slotted his right-footed effort past Kevin Muller for Bayern's fourth of the match! Bayern Munich 4-2 Heidenheim,1
sst: T. MüllerGOOALLLL!!! Bayern immediately capitalise again and take the lead despite being a man down! Thomas Muller returns the favour as he sent his defender to the floor before cutting a pass to Lewandowski who finished into the centre of the net with the goalkeeper having been drawn out! Bayern 3-2 Heidenheim,1
Asst: R. LewandowskiGOOALLL!!!! The changes by Kovac certainly seem to have worked as they bring things level! Lewandowski lifted a header forward to Muller who had just beaten the offside and the latter finished his right-footed effort past Kevin Muller, and into the back of the net! Bayern Munich 2-2 Heidenheim,1
Niklas DorschHeidenheim · Midfielder #36Heidenheim make their first change as Dorsch is withdrawn for Feick.,0
RafinhaBayern · Defender #13The players are running onto the pitch in advance of the second half, and striker Robert Lewandowski is among them! Rafinha is the player who was withdrawn.,0
Dorsch commits a late and heavy challenge on James and picks up a yellow card for doing so.,2
sst: S. GriesbeckGOOOALLL!!! Heidenheim take the lead! A quick counter-attack as a lofted ball forward was controlled by Griesbeck who laid the ball off to Schnatterer who was making a free run into the box and the latter finished with a low, right-footed effort! Ulreich tried to dive to get a hand on it but was left grasping at air. Bayern Munich 1-2 Heidenheim,1
sst: M. SchnattererGOALLL!!! Heidenheim level things up! Schnatterer whipped in a right-footed cross to Glatzel who rose high in the penalty area and headed the ball low and past Ulreich! We mentioned how dangerous this combination can be in the pre-match and they do indeed combine for their side's opening goal! Bayern Munich 1-1 Heidenheim,1
Franck RibéryBayern · Striker #7Ribery looked bright early but is now withdrawn for Jerome Boateng as Bayern return to their full complement in defence.,0
fter a VAR review, Sule's yellow card, which he was shown on the pitch, has been changed to a red card! The referee must have considered Sule to have been the last man but it seemed Kimmich was close enough to prevent a goal-scoring opportunity. That doesn't matter though as Bayern are now reduced to 10-men!,3
Asst: J. KimmichGOOALLLL!!! That didn't take long at all did it? Goretzka finds a pocket of space in the box and, from Kimmich's terrific corner, heads the ball low to beat Muller in goal. Bayern Munich 1-0 Heidenheim,1
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #8Killing a few seconds of stoppage time, opening goalscorer Tielemans makes way for Mendy in midfield.,0
sst: J. MaddisonBARNES WINS IT! Leicester are on the way to three points at Goodison - it's 2-0! On the break, Maddison sears down the left and pulls the ball back for Barnes. It actually drifts behind his fellow forward, but Barnes improvises to turn Doucoure and slam the ball into the top-left corner with a superb strike! Game over!,1
Kiernan Dewsbury-HallLeicester City · Midfielder #22Adding his experience to the mix, Albrighton comes on for Dewsbury-Hall in Leicester's midfield.,0
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23A change at right-back sees Everton captain Coleman making way for young Patterson.,0
Dwight McNeilEverton · Striker #7Lampard rolls the dice by making another double substitution. First, McNeil is replaced by Gordon.,0
Boubakary SoumaréLeicester City · Midfielder #42Ndidi comes on too, providing some fresh legs in midfield as Soumare makes way.,0
Patson DakaLeicester City · Striker #20Leicester make their first changes: initially, Daka is replaced by Vardy up front.,0
Amadou OnanaEverton · Midfielder #8During the break in play, Everton make another substitution, as Onana makes way for Doucoure in midfield.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Having apparently picked up a muscular injury, World Cup hopeful Calvert-Lewin has to be replaced; Maupay comes on instead.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Lampard has made a half-time change: having picked up an injury during the first half, Gueye is replaced by Garner in the Everton midfield.,0
sst: J. MaddisonLEICESTER LEAD! A pure screamer from Tielemans gives the visitors a merited lead - and just before the break! Everton fail to properly clear their lines, with Coady particularly at fault, and the ball breaks to the Foxes midfielder on the right edge of the box. He cushions it and then sends an unstoppable shot swerving into the top-left corner! It's 1-0 to Leicester!,1
Tyler MortonBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #6Morton picked up an injury just prior to the goal, and he's withdrawn late for fifth-round scorer Tyrhys Dolan.,0
Sammie SzmodicsBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #8Blackburn make late changes as they look to rescue the game, as Szmodics comes off for Jake Garrett.,0
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28McAtee comes off having excelled in the middle today, and one of the Blades' 2019 promotion winners, Chris Basham, replaces him.,0
Asst: S. BergeGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!!!! What a way to win this cup tie!!! Berge can't find much of an avenue in the box, so passes deep to Doyle 25 yards from goal. The youngster smashes an absolute belter of a finish straight into the top corner, and Pears can't keep the ball out as it rifles past him!!! 3-2 to the Blades, and what a way to cap off this simply outstanding game of football!,1
George BaldockSheffield United · Midfielder #2Baldock comes off late for the Blades, with Jayden Bogle slotting in at right-wing-back.,0
sst: M. LoweGOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Sheffield United are level once again!!! Lowe brings down a cross-field ball and somehow squeezes the ball into McBurnie's path. He steps beyond his marker and fires the ball across the face, with Pears rooted to the spot as it finds the bottom corner!! 2-2 inside the final 10 minutes, and this game takes another magnificent twist!,1
Joe Rankin-CostelloBlackburn Rovers · Defender #11Rankin-Costello is also withdrawn, with the right-back replaced by Callum Brittain.,0
Ryan HedgesBlackburn Rovers · Midfielder #19Hedges comes off having scraped the woodwork with a brilliant Blackburn chance, and he's replaced by defender Scott Wharton.,0
Jack RobinsonSheffield United · Defender #19The Blades bring off Robinson in defence and make an attacking change, introducing club captain Billy Sharp for the last 20 minutes (at least).,0
Carter slides in wildly to chop down McBurnie, and his yellow card means he'll be suspended for the semi-final - should Blackburn get there.,2
sst: S. GallagherGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! The Rovers return to score first in the second half!! A fantastic sliding challenge from Morton sends possession straight to Gallagher, and his deft throughball puts Szmodics in the clear. He slides in to slide the ball beyond Foderingham, and the ball nestles in the bottom corner to send Blackburn 2-1 up!,1
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAALLL!!! First blood to Blackburn!!! Brereton-Diaz steps up from 12 yards and rifles the ball into the bottom corner!! Foderingham may just have got a hand to the ball, but there was no way he was stopping Blackburn from going 1-0 up there!,1
Robinson is booked for the handball, and shakes his head in disbelief as the card is raised.,2
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Brighton bring on Gilmour to see out injury time. Gross goes off.,0
Caicedo stops Mara in his tracks near the centre circle and picks up a late booking.,2
Samuel EdozieSouthampton · Midfielder #23Southampton make another change too. Adam Armstrong replaces Edozie.,0
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #7March's game for Brighton is also over. On comes Lamptey in his place.,0
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Striker #11Brighton decide to give some key players a rest. The Irish teenager Ferguson replaces Trossard.,0
OAL! SOUTHAMPTON 1-3 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION! Ward-Prowse quickly makes amends for his miss by slotting the rebound into the empty net. Southampton at least have a consolation goal.,1
anchez gets booked for some unsportsmanlike antics before the penalty is taken. Less of that please.,2
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana, scorer of Brighton's opening goal, goes off. Sarmiento replaces him.,0
ribo picks up the game's first yellow card for a mistimed challenge on Gross.,2
sst: J. VeltmanGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-3 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION! March almost certainly seals the win for Brighton with a stunning strike from distance! The Englishman gets the ball from Veltman, cuts in on his left foot and fires past Bazunu from outside the D.,1
Romain PerraudSouthampton · Defender #15Souhampton make another change. Maitland-Niles replaces Perraud. That might mean a formation change.,0
Moussa DjenepoSouthampton · Midfielder #19Southampton need to make changes and do. The former Rangers man Aribo comes on first, replacing Djenepo.,0
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27Diallo is also hooked at half-time. Stuart Armstrong is his replacement.,0
Asst: S. MarchGOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-1 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION! Lallana hands Brighton the lead! The former Saints man works the ball out wide to March, who fizzes in a left-footed cross, and darts into the box to plant a header past Bazunu.,1
GOAL! 3-2 BOURNEMOUTH! Hello! What's this? Harry Wilson gets his second goal of the game, skidding a shot into the net from the penalty spot. VAR checks it and it stands. Spurs still haven't resolved their defensive issues.,1
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Alli gets a standing ovation as he leaves the pitch. He's been magnificent. Winks replaces him for the final few minutes.,0
empers flare as Lerma leaves a cynical leg on Alli, causing Spurs' other players to wade in. Lerma is booked for causing the ruckus.,2
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Son gets a deserved rest for the last few minutes. Lo Celso comes on for Spurs.,0
Lewis CookBournemouth · Midfielder #16Bournemouth also make a change. Gosling comes on for Lewis Cook.,0
GOAL! 3-1 BOURNEMOUTH! Ndombele fouls Cook at the base of Spurs' midfield. Harry Wilson steps up to curl a left-footed free-kick past Gazzaniga which kisses the crossbar as it goes in. It surely can't be more than a consolation, but a good goal nonetheless.,1
Asst: H. SonGOAL! 3-0 SPURS! Spurs go from 0-10 in seconds as Kane slides Son down the left. Son hangs the ball up for Sissoko, who acrobatically volleys into the net from a tight angle! A lovely goal.,1
Rico gets the first yellow card of the game for checking Aurier's run. It's been quite a clean game overall.,2
Ryan FraserBournemouth · Midfielder #24Here's that expected Bournemouth change - Harry Wilson comes on. It's Fraser who'll make way for him.,0
Asst: T. AlderweireldGOAL! 2-0 SPURS! Alli doubles his tally, and again it's another Alderweireld long ball! The midfielder chests the ball down in the box, skips past Stacey and Cook and slots it home. ,1
Asst: H. SonGOAL! 1-0 SPURS! Son latches onto Alderweireld's long ball over the top and selflessly squares it for Alli to tap in. That was far too easy.,1
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23Draxler is taken off before he sees the second yellow card that he almost surely would have picked up. Kurzawa is the replacement.,0
sst: N. PépéGOOOALLLLL!!!!! JOSE FONTE MAKES IT FIVE! From the corner, Pepe whipped an outswinger into the path of Jose Fonte who was unmarked and charging, and then powered his header past a stranded Areola! What a performance this has been from the hosts! Lille 5-1 PSG,1
erratti talks his way into Benoit Bastien's book after a prolonged rant directly into the face of the referee.,2
Draxler leaves something in on Pepe and picks up a yellow card for his efforts.,2
sst: N. PépéGOOOALLLLL!!!!! LILLE SCORE FROM THE SET-PIECE! Gabriel outjumped Kehrer from the free-kick that Verratti conceded, and the Lille man nodded his header down and into the bottom-right corner to give his side a three-goal lead! The PSG title celebrations have well and truly been put on hold by Jakubech's side! Lille 4-1 PSG,1
XekaLOSC · Midfielder #8Just moments after Ikone was taken off, Xeka picks up a knock and is removed himself for the oncoming Soumare.,0
Jonathan IkonéLOSC · Midfielder #12Strange to see Ikone pulled after such a terrific performance in midfield, but he is with Rui Fonte the replacement.,0
Asst: J. IkonéGOALLLL!!! LILLE SCORE THEIR THIRD! Bamba curled a powerful left-footed shot that beat Areola near-post! He was picked out with a smart pass from Ikone and the winger hammered the finish home! Lille 3-1 PSG,1
Asst: J. IkonéGOALLLL!!!! Pepe scores to give Lille their goal advantage back! He broke through the backline of PSG and was found in stride by Ikone which turned into a footrace which the forward was always going to win. One-on-one with Areola, Pepe waited patiently before squeezing the ball under the diving 'keeper to re-take the lead and potentially delay the visitors' title celebrations! Lille 2-1 PSG,1
bappe picks up a yellow card for what looked like it may have been a stamp on Mendes. Perhaps he didn't see where the Lille man was, but it's hard to view any player's actions as innocent in a match like this.,2
Adama SoumaoroLOSC · Defender #5Now it looks like there's an injury to Soumaoro and he'll be replaced by Gabriel. Weird fact, the starting captains for each side (Silva and Soumaoro), both of whom are centre backs, have now both exited due to injuries.,0
The PSG players swarm the referee yet again, this time after Verratti suffered a heavy foul from Mendes. The latter has been shown a yellow card. Tempers definitely flaring here.,2
RED CARD! Pepe had the better of Bernat in a footrace and the PSG man has been sent off! There didn't appear to be too much contact though so this one may be overturned.,3
Thomas MeunierPSG · Midfielder #12Meunier's race is indeed done as he's replaced by Diaby. Unfortunate the former will not have a chance to redeem himself after the early own goal.,0
Thiago SilvaPSG · Defender #2Thiago Silva seems to have picked up a problem and will be replaced by Kehrer for PSG's first substitution.,0
Asst: K. MbappeGOOOALLLL! PSG are back level already! Mbappe lofted the ball over his marker then lofted it again, this time to Bernat who had made a run at the far post and the latter slots it home to get the visitors back into the match! Solid finish, but Mbappe definitely made that goal. Lille 1-1 PSG,1
Minutes after coming on, Nketiah picks up a yellow card. The striker is late into the tackle and catches Coquelin on the edge of the visitors’ box. He can have no complaints with that decision. ,2
Héctor BellerínArsenal · Defender #2Arteta’s fourth alteration sees Nketiah enter the fray in place of Bellerin. ,0
Alfonso PedrazaVillarreal · Defender #24With only a few minutes left to play, Pedraza makes way for Moreno. ,0
Yeremy PinoVillarreal · Midfielder #30Emery also brings on Gomez, who replaces Pino. ,0
Pino asks the referee to show Mari a yellow card for that foul, but Vincic instead books the Villarreal winger.  ,2
Kieran TierneyArsenal · Defender #3It is a double change for Arsenal with Willian coming onto the field in place of Tierney. ,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangArsenal · Striker #14As we enter the final stages, Aubameyang makes way for Lacazette. ,0
Paco AlcácerVillarreal · Striker #17The away side make their second alteration of the game, with Bacca entering the fray in place of Alcacer. There are 18 minutes of normal time left to play.,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #11With Arsenal in need of a goal, Arteta brings on Martinelli for Odegaard. It remains 0-0 on the night. ,0
Samuel ChukwuezeVillarreal · Midfielder #11Emery is forced into making his first change of the night as Chukwueze is stretchered off. The Nigerian is replaced by Pino. ,0
cGinn now enters the book. He is the ninth player to be given a yellow card.,2
artinez doing his best to waste as much time as possible with a goal-kick. He is given a yellow card.,2
Kamara clatters into Gross and is given a yellow card. The referee has been busy today.,2
Another yellow card. Young slides down Lamptey who was breaking forward.,2
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Substitution in the Villa midfield. Luiz is replaced by Dendoncker.,0
Danny IngsAston Villa · Striker #9No hat-trick for Ings. He is replaced by Archer.,0
Lucas DigneAston Villa · Defender #27Substitution at full-back for Villa. Digne is replaced by Augustinsson.,0
Gross is given a yellow card after excessive complaining. De Zerbi is also given a yellow card.,2
Another yellow card for Villa. Bailey is the culprit this time.,2
ash is given a yellow card for taking too much time with a throw-in inside the Villa half.,2
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Striker #10Substitution for Villa. Buendia is replaced by Bailey on the left wing.,0
Julio EncisoBrighton · Midfielder #20Substitution for Brighton. Enciso, who replaced Lallana in the first half, is replaced by Veltman.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Substitution for Brighton. Welbeck is replaced by Undav. The former Arsenal man has struggled to make an impact.,0
sst: D. LuizGOAALLLL! INGS AGAIN! 2-1 VILLA! Another mistake leads to a goal. Mac Allister losses the ball on the edge of the box. Luiz slides it to Ings with the striker rolling it past Dunk before his deflected strike beats Sanchez.,1
ings is given a yellow card after pulling March around the halfway mark.,2
enalty GoalGOAALLLL! INGS SCORES! 1-1! Sanchez gets a touch on the ball, but he cannot keep it out. The striker aims down the middle of the goal, with the Spanish goalkeeper diving to the right. Ings has now scored 10 of the 11 penalties he's taken in the Premier League,1
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Early substitution for Brighton. Lallana is replaced by Enciso. Lallana is the first player to be subbed off in the opening five minutes of a Premier League game since Ross Barkley in November 2020, who was subbed off in this fixture while playing for Aston Villa.,0
GOALLLLLL! MAC ALLISTER SCORES! 1-0 BRIGHTON! Martinez has his head in his hands. The Aston Villa goalkeeper passes the ball straight to Mac Alister looking for Luiz who is nudged by the Brighton man. One-on-one, he directs his effort past the Argentine and into the net.,1
Andrew RobertsonLiverpool · Defender #26Last change for Liverpool now and it's Williams coming on for Robertson.,0
Asst: M. SalahJONES SCORES! He's left in a lot of space in the middle of the box and he hits the shot on the volley when he gets it from Salah. It bounces in front of Reina before hitting the back of the net for his first Premier League goal. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
TrézéguetAston Villa · Midfielder #17Third change for Villa now and Trezeguet is making way for Vassilev.,0
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8And for Liverpool, Jones is coming on in place of Keita.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Midfielder #21Smith is making a double change after Liverpool's goal with El Ghazi making way for Jota.,0
Keinan DavisAston Villa · Striker #39Davis also comes off, with Samatta replacing him.,0
Asst: N. KeïtaLIVERPOOL LEAD! Mane gets goal side of Taylor at the far post as Keita squares the ball through the middle and there's nothing the Villa defenders can do as he sidefoots his shot over Reina and into the roof of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Midfielder #15Oxlade-Chamberlain is the other player to come off, with Wijnaldum on for him.,0
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Fabinho also makes way with Henderson replacing him.,0
Divock OrigiLiverpool · Striker #27Klopp is making a triple change and first to come off is Origi for Firmino.,0
cGinn is booked after stretching to reach the ball but misses it and ends up bringing down Oxlade-Chamberlain.,2
Robertson picks up the first yellow card of the game after cutting out Luiz's run.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHOUPO-MOTING SCORES THIS TIME!!! 6-0!! PSG notch their sixth goal of the evening as Choupo-Moting converts from close range. Cavani and Draxler combine down the left flank to tee up Sarabia. His low effort is saved by Lutumba, but Choupo-Moting pounces on the rebound and does enough to bundle his strike over the line away from the boot of the keeper.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SARABIA NOTCHES A FOURTH FOR PSG!!!! 4-0!! The Ligue 1 champions are pouring it on now. Cavani collects Sarabia's pass and runs into the box with meance. He spots the winger in space in the middle and offloads his team-mate. Sarabia takes a touch before burying his strike into the bottom-right corner.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SARABIA NOTCHES A FOURTH FOR PSG!!!! 4-0!! The Ligue 1 champions are pouring it on now. Cavani collects Sarabia's pass and runs into the box with meance. He spots the winger in space in the middle and offloads his team-mate. Sarabia takes a touch before burying his strike into the bottom-right corner.,1
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! PSG SCORE AGAIN!!! 3-0!!!! Cavani is presented with the simplest of finishes from close range after Draxler does all the work for the third. The German runs at the Linas-Montlhery defence and releases the run of the forward. Tsota slides in with a clearing challenge, but Draxler follows it up and regains possession. He slides a pass to Cavani two yards out and the Uruguayan places his effort into the net.,1
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CAVANI SCORES!!! PSG 2-0!! The visitors are ruthless on the counter to punish Kanoute's miss. Draxler surges down the left flank and into the box before he cuts the ball back for Cavani. The forward strikes his effort low first time with his left foot and it travels past Lutumba into the net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PSG TAKE THE LEAD!!! 1-0!!! The visitors get the breakthrough at last. Dagba causes chaos down the right with a neat one-two with Herrera. He cuts the ball back for Aouchiche, who fakes the first strike to draw the slide from Tsota. He then has space and time to pick his spot, blasting a left-footed attempt into the corner.,1
sst: F. RuizSARABIA SCORES! And that will do it for PSG! Delecroix got down to make a good save to deny Housni with his legs, but Chateauroux just couldn't clear their lines. Ruiz works it out to Sarabia on the left of the box, and the space opens up for him to hit a low shot into the far bottom corner. 3-1 PSG!,1
Hugo EkitikePSG · Striker #9PSG are making a late change in an attempt to see out the game. Ekitike is replaced by Pereira.,0
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #10PSG's latest change sees Soler, who is the match-winner as things stand, going off for Housni.,0
Romain BasqueChâteauroux · Midfielder #6And Grange is also coming on to replace Basque.,0
Nolan RouxChâteauroux · Striker #9Another double change for Chateauroux here as they look for a second equaliser. Roux is the first to make way, with Bozkurt on for him.,0
SOLER SCORES! PSG's pressure has finally paid off! It comes down their right again, with Vitinha spinning past Ouaneh to clip a cross in from the byline. Ekitike throws himself forward, stretching his neck to thump a header on goal which Delecroix keeps out with a sprawling save, but Soler is on hand to volley the follow-up into the net. 2-1 PSG!,1
Natanael NtollaChâteauroux · Striker #11Chateauroux are making a double change now. The goalscorer, Ntolla, goes off for Sunu.,0
Ismaël GharbiPSG · Midfielder #7And Gharbi is also making way, with Ruiz on in his place.,0
El Chadaille BitshiabuPSG · Defender #4PSG are making a double change here. First to go off is Bitshiabu, who is replaced by Ramos.,0
Asst: N. RouxNTOLLA EQUALISES! Roux reacts quickest to nick it off Marquinhos at the byline and he plays a one-two with Viltard to work open the space in the box. The forward pulls it back to Ntolla, who drills a low shot on goal, and a deflection off Bitshiabu wrongfoots Navas, helping it trickle over the line. 1-1!,1
sst: I. GharbiEKITIKE SCORES! It's been coming! When it's played long, Ekitike beats his man in the air to cushion it down to Soler, who helps it to Gharbi in space. It's a lovely reverse pass from him between Chateauroux's defenders and Ekitike runs onto the ball, firing his low shot in off the inside of the far post. 1-0 PSG!,1
Lewis MileyNewcastle · Midfielder #67And Diallo is brought on in place of Miley.,0
Anthony GordonNewcastle · Striker #10Newcastle are making another double change here. Gordon makes way for Ndiweni.,0
Ritchie clips Mudryk from behind as he tries to nick the ball off him before squaring up to the Ukrainian. The referee splits them up before showing the Newcastle man a yellow card.,2
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #7There's one final roll of the dice for Chelsea too as Madueke comes on for Sterling.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24And Almiron is replaced by Murphy, who comes on to make his Premier League debut for Newcastle.,0
Jamaal LascellesNewcastle · Defender #6With the points now all but secured, Howe can start to look ahead to the Champions League game in midweek with another double change. Lascelles is the first to go off, with Dummett on for him.,0
Asst: M. AlmirónGORDON SCORES! And that will do it for Newcastle! It's all about the pass between the lines from Almiron as he lifts it over Silva to play in Gordon, who curves his run around Badiashile to stay onside. He takes it into the box and gets his shot away early, drilling it low across goal and into the far bottom corner. 4-1 Newcastle!,1
Alexander IsakNewcastle · Striker #14It's been a successful return to action for Isak after injury. He goes off now to be replaced by Ritchie.,0
The yellow card is out again, this time for Colwill, who steps across Almiron, getting nowhere near the ball.,2
ucurella is beaten by Livramento, and the Spaniard just sticks out a leg to trip him. The referee awards a free-kick and then books Cucurella for him complaints.,2
Cole PalmerChelsea · Midfielder #20With James being sent off, Pochettino is having to sacrifice one of his attacking players for another defender. It's Palmer going off, with Colwill coming on to slot in at the back.,0
JAMES IS SENT OFF! It goes from bad to worse for Chelsea! Sanchez chips it out to the right-back, who tries to catch Gordon out with a clever bit of footwork, only to gift it to the winger. He has no choice but to tug him back to prevent him from getting into the box, and he's shown his second booking of the game. The Blues are down to 10!,3
Nicolas JacksonChelsea · Striker #15There's also a change up front as Broja is brought on to replace Jackson.,0
Lesley UgochukwuChelsea · Midfielder #16And Caicedo also comes on in place of Ugochukwu.,0
Conor GallagherChelsea · Midfielder #23After conceding two quickfire goals, there's going to be a triple change for Chelsea as they try to get back into this game. Gallagher is the first to go off, with Mudryk on for him.,0
OELINTON SCORES! And that's a moment to forget for Silva! It's knocked back to the defender, who sees Joelinton coming, but he's let down by his control. He shifts to his right, leaving the ball behind, and Joelinton is alert, racing onto it before firing a third goal past Sanchez. 3-1 Newcastle!,1
sst: A. GordonLASCELLES SCORES! It's a wonderful cross from Gordon on the left which is whipped deep into the box and Lascelles has a free run straight through the middle of the box to get on the end of it. None of the Chelsea players spot him, and the defender thumps a header past Sanchez and into the back of the net. 2-1 Newcastle!,1
terling's frustration gets the better of him as he just pushes Livramento off the ball. He goes into the referee's book.,2
Gallagher slides in to try and nick it off Guimaraes but takes out the man on his way through to the ball. He's shown a yellow card.,2
ascelles sloppily gifts the ball to Sterling and then throws out an arm to block Jackson's run when it's played into him. Not even 15 seconds into the second half, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
oelinton misses his first chance to cut off James' run and then drags him back with an arm around his neck. He can have no complaints with that booking.,2
Ugochukwu is scrambling to stop Gordon's run, and clips his heels to stop him. He's the first Chelsea player into the book.,2
TERLING EQUALISES! It's a wonderful free-kick from Sterling, who steps up to take the set-piece he won just outside the D. He lifts his shot up and over the wall, and a static Pope can only watch as the ball nestles into the near top corner. 1-1!,1
ackson wins the ball back on the halfway line and sets Sterling on the counter. He's racing into the box, and Trippier takes one for the team by pushing him over just outside the D. Trippier is booked for the challenge.,2
Asst: L. MileyISAK SCORES! Chelsea just didn't clear their lines properly and Gordon was able to keep it alive on the left. He works it along the edge of the box, with Joelinton teeing up Miley for a perfectly-timed throughball. Badiashile tried to drop off, but Isak was onside and made no mistake as he rifled his shot over Sanchez. 1-0 Newcastle!,1
Bednarek clips the ankles of Son and is shown a yellow card. Further punishment could follow as Tottenham have a free-kick 30 yards out.,2
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Dier is on for Alli with two minutes remaining. It is a change Mourinho was looking to make before Boufal's leveller.,0
Asst: D. IngsGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!!! SOUTHAMPTON 1-1 TOTTENHAM!! IT HAS BEEN COMING! Aurier is dispossessed by Hojbjerg and the midfielder rolls it through for Ings, who in turn squares for Boufal to fire home and surely rescue a replay for Southampton.,1
Michael ObafemiSouthampton · Striker #20Hasenhuttl turns to his bench for the final time today as Adams, still without a goal since joining at the start of the season, replaces Obafemi.,0
Kevin DansoSouthampton · Defender #38Boufal is on for Danso in Southampton's second substitution of the match. Could that mean a change of formation?,0
sst: E. LamelaGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!!! SOUTHAMPTON 0-1 TOTTENHAM!!! SON FIRES TOTTENHAM AHEAD! Lo Celso shows brilliant pace and power to carry the ball forward and he plays it into the path of Lamela. The substitute attacker picks out Son, who keeps his composure to fire past Gunn and into the back of the net. VAR will check for a foul by Alli on Danso in the build-up...,1
Gedson FernandesTottenham · Midfielder #30Fernandes has struggled at times today and is replaced by Lamela with 11 minutes of the second half played.,0
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17The hamstring injury forces Armstrong off just before half-time. Djenepo is on in his place.,0
Mancini is also sent for an early bath after the referee brandishes a straight red card, and he flings the captain's armband at Cristante in frustration as Roma go down to NINE players!,3
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Diaz is the next Rossoneri player substituted, and on comes Daniel Maldini.,0
Nicolò ZanioloRoma · Striker #22Carles Perez is the next Roma substitute to be introduced, on for Zaniolo.,0
Cristante is screaming in the face of the referee following that play-on decision, and he's yellow carded for dissent.,2
Asst: Z. IbrahimovićGOOOAAALLLL!!!! Ibrahimovic chests the ball to Leao, who bursts through the defence and fires beyond Patricio to make it 3-1 to Milan! What a run and finish, and Milan look to have wrapped up the three points here!,1
Alessandro FlorenziMilan · Defender #25Florenzi is also withdrawn after a great performance against his former club, and Andrea Conti will replace him.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Opening scorer Giroud comes off for Milan, and is replaced by Zlatan Ibrahimovic.,0
Tammy AbrahamRoma · Striker #9Roma's goalscorer Abraham comes off to be replaced by Eldor Shomurodov.,0
ED CARD!!! Hernandez gets around the outside of Karsdorp, who brings him down just outside the box. A penalty is avoided, just, but the visitors are down to 10 men after the referee books Karsdorp again for that challenge and gives him his marching orders!,3
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7The third of Roma's subs sees Pellegrini come off for Stephan El Shaarawy.,0
Jordan VeretoutRoma · Midfielder #17Veretout is also withdrawn, and youngster Felix Afena-Gyan comes on for the Giallorossi.,0
Matías ViñaRoma · Midfielder #5Vina is brought off by Jose Mourinho, and on comes Bryan Cristante for Roma.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Saelemaekers is also brought off by Stefano Pioli, and Rafael Leao makes his long-anticipated return for the home side.,0
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33The booked Krunic is withdrawn for Milan, and on comes Tiemoue Bakayoko.,0
Pellegrini strides over halfway for Roma on the break, before he's cynically scythed down by Krunic. The Milan midfielder is rightfully booked, as the Roma captain finally gets to his feet.,2
arsdorp isn't a happy man either, and he's also shown a yellow card.,2
The Milan captain Hernandez is booked for his part in the scuffle, and isn't happy with the referee's action there.,2
sst: L. PellegriniGOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Roma have pulled one back!!! The corner is headed away as far as Pellegrini, who shoots at goal. Abraham gets the crucial last touch, taking it beyond Maignan and into the back of the net! 2-1, and game on!,1
A Roma corner routine breaks down and Milan shoot forward. Zaniolo sticks out a leg to stop the run of Messias, and is given a yellow card as a result.,2
GOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! Milan have two!!! A horrible backpass puts Giroud through on goal with Patricio, but the striker hits the post before Messias follows in to fire the ball into the far corner to make it 2-0 to the hosts!,1
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL!!! Milan open the scoring!!! Giroud steps up and sends Patricio the wrong way, placing the ball into the bottom corner to make it 1-0 to the home side!! Roma are still fuming at the decision, but they've got to get on with it down as they're behind early!,1
ENALTY!!! The referee decides that the handball was worthy of a penalty, and Abraham is booked for his role in conceding it!,2
Amine HaritMarseille · Midfielder #11Harit comes off in the dying seconds of the game as Marseille close in on the last 16, with England youth international Emran Soglo replacing him.,0
Sarr beats Pedrinho all ends up on his way into the final third, but isn't missed whatsoever by Rakitskiy, who picks up a late booking for catching the winger late on the edge of the box.,2
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangMarseille · Striker #10Aubameyang's played a starring role in two of Marseille's three goals and has stood above the rest across both legs of this tie. He's given a hero's applause as he leaves the field with five minutes to go, replaced by first-leg scorer Iliman Ndiaye.,0
Artem BondarenkoShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #21Shakhtar's fourth change in quick succession sees Dmytro Kryskiv come on, replacing Bondarenko as the visitors try to claw back this two-goal deficit.,0
Irakli AzaroviShakhtar Donetsk · Defender #16All five substitution slots are now used up for the visitors, as Pedrinho replaces Shakhtar's starting left-back Azarovi.,0
Taras StepanenkoShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #6Booked Shakhtar captain Stepanenko is also withdrawn late on, with Brazilian Newerton replacing him in midfield for the remainder of the contest.,0
Oleksandr ZubkovShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #11Having refrained from making any changes whatsoever prior to the 82nd minute, they now come in spades with Shakhtar trailing by two. Zubkov has faded in influence as Marseille's has grown, and he comes off now for Marian Shved in attack.,0
Danylo SikanShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #14Lassina Traore also comes on for the visitors, and will see out the game up front in place of Sikan.,0
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! That might just seal it for Les Olympiens!!! It comes in a wild fashion as Clauss' cross from the free-kick is whipped into the box. Riznky comes for the ball but misses it and a deflection off Stepanenko takes the ball away from the goalmouth, but Kondogbia stays alive to squeeze a far-post volley into the empty net from the tightest of angles!! A sumptuous goal from the defensive midfielder, and at 3-1 up on the night and 5-3 on aggregate, Marseille are almost into the last 16 now.,1
tepanenko is taken to ground following a challenge from Aubameyang, but the Shakhtar captain had actually lost the ball first before connecting and so is shown the yellow card, as Marseille are given an attacking free-kick!,2
Asst: P. AubameyangGOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! Advantage Marseille late in the day!! Clauss swings an aerial cross-field pass towards Aubameyang in the box, and despite not getting the cleanest of first touches to the ball, he does just enough to flick it into Sarr's path and the substitute hammers a powerful shot into the bottom corner!!! A second goal had to come from somewhere, and it's Marseille who get it to go 2-1 up on the night and 4-3 on aggregate!,1
Azzedine OunahiMarseille · Midfielder #8Jordan Veretout also enters the fray for the hosts, replacing Ounahi in a like-for-like midfield swap.,0
Faris MoumbagnaMarseille · Striker #14Marseille blink first and make a double substitution just after the hour, with Ismaila Sarr on to replace Moumbagna in a change that will likely see Aubameyang move into the central striking position.,0
The Shakhtar corner is cleared easily enough by Marseille, who want to take a quick throw-in on the break. Matvyenko kicks the ball away to prevent them from doing so, earning a cheap yellow card for time-wasting.,2
Lopez collects a far-post header from Eguinaldo from a Shakhtar free-kick and promptly throws the ball out towards Moumbagna. He looks to make a break down the left-hand side but is swept off the ball from behind by Konoplia, who picks up a yellow card for that cynical challenge.,2
guinaldo loses out to Clauss on the near touchline and catches his opposite number very late indeed with a wild challenge. Marseille get the attacking free-kick, and the Brazilian gets a textbook yellow card.,2
Asst: A. HaritGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! There's the Marseille response!!! Shakhtar lose the ball inside their own half and Harit dribbles into the open space. Spotting an unmarked Aubameyang in the box, he finds him with a deft throughball, and the Gabon marksman needs only one touch before beating Riznky with a well-taken finish!!! 1-1 on the scoreboard already, and this is shaping up to be another classic European knockout tie.,1
igot absolutely clatters into Bondarenko after sliding across from miles away in an attempt to win the ball. He gets none of said ball but plenty of the man, and is shown a yellow card while Bondarenko receives treatment.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!!! Shakhtar slot themselves in front!!! Sudakov steps up from 12 yards and coolly dispatches the spot-kick into the bottom-left corner, sending Lopez the wrong way and putting the away side into a 1-0 lead barely 12 minutes into this contest!!,1
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Final couple of changes for Bayern now, with Muller the first to come off and he has been replaced by Tillman.,0
Marc RocaBayern · Midfielder #22The other change sees Marc Roca replaced by Wanner.,0
Benno SchmitzKöln · Defender #2Here comes another change by the hosts, with Schmitz the man coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Ehizibue.,0
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24Bayern make a double change now, with Tolisso coming off and he has been replaced by Nianzou.,0
sst: L. SanéGOAL! Lewandowski has his hat-trick and Bayern lead 4-0! Sane does brilliantly on the edge of the box, twisting and turning away from a couple of defenders, before flicking the ball through to Lewandowski, who coolly slides it past the keeper.,1
Mark UthKöln · Striker #13Another double substitution by Colgone, with Uth coming off and he has been replaced by Schindler.,0
Anthony ModesteKöln · Striker #27The other change by the hosts sees Modeste come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Andersson.,0
sst: L. SanéGOAL! Lewandowski grabs his second goal of the game and fires Bayern 3-0 ahead! Cologne lose the ball on the halfway line and Bayern press forward quickly, with Sane turning and firing a pass through to Lewandowski in behind the hosts' defence. The striker then only had the keeper to beat and he showed great composure to slot it into the back of the net.,1
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Bayern have now made their first change, with Musiala slowing walking off the pitch and he has been replaced by Sane.,0
Ondrej DudaKöln · Midfielder #18Duda is the other man to be replaced, with Ljubicic heading onto the pitch.,0
Louis SchaubKöln · Midfielder #21Double substitution here by Cologne, with the first seeing Schaub come off and he has been replaced by Thielmann.,0
Asst: T. MüllerGOAL! BAYERN DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Bayern once again counter quickly and catch Cologne out at the back. Sabitzer switches the ball to Tolisso down the right, who plays a one-two with Muller in the box, before smashing his effort into the top left corner of the net. Schwabe had no chance of stopping that one, great strike and Bayern lead 2-0.,1
Kilian picks up an early yellow card for Cologne, for a late challenge in midfield.,2
sst: T. MüllerBAYERN GOAL! VAR have taken a look and have overturned the goal, so Bayern lead 1-0! Lewandowski just managed to stay onside as the ball came through to him from Muller and he drilled it past Schwabe and into the back of the net.,1
Yves BissoumaBrighton · Midfielder #8Alzate comes on for Bissouma in Brighton midfield.,0
Martín MontoyaBrighton · Defender #22Jahanbakhsh comes on to boost his side's attacking prowess as he replaces Montoya.,0
sst: C. BentekeGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! AYEW PUTS PALACE AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead against the run of play as Ayew fires home from the left inside channel. Benteke is the architect as he surges into space and then rolls a perfect pass for the run of his team-mate in the box. Ayew takes a touch and then goes for a goal with his right foot. His effort deflects off Ryan and trickles into the back of the net. ,1
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20March's miss is his last action of the game and he is replaced by Murray.,0
Montoya brings down Zaha with a loose challenge and gos into the book.,2
James McCarthyCrystal Palace · Midfielder #22McCarthy is withdrawn at the break for Riedewald. It must be an injury problem for the midfielder.,0
Benteke catches Dunk late in a challenge and goes into the book.,2
Schelotto is not even on the pitch and he gets booked. He and Zaha have a coming together on the sideline as the Brighton substitute warms up. The defender is booked for kicking the ball off Zaha and heads back down to the bench.,2
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Second change for Wolves now as Jimenez is replaced by Trincao for the final few minutes.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Wolves are making their first change now, and it's Podence that's going off for Traore. ,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Second change for Chelsea now as Ziyech, who has struggled to make an impact today, goes off for Kovacic. ,0
Trevoh ChalobahChelsea · Midfielder #14Chelsea are making a change at the break. Chalobah picked up a knock in the first half, so he goes off, with Saul on for him.,0
imenez is down again, and it's Rudiger that's caught him this time. He's protesting his innocence but is given a booking. ,2
Jimenez takes a heavy touch and Chalobah stretches to try and win it back for Chelsea. He catches the forward with his studs though and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
ALAVES SCORE! MANU GARCIA! 1-0! THE HOSTS HAVE SNATCHED IT AT THE DEATH! The substitute steals three points in the final minute of injury time against the Champions League holders! The set-piece is swung in from the corner to find Sobrino at the right post. His header is flying wide to the left - and Garcia crashes into it to bundle it into the back of the net! Mendizorrotza erupts! What a result!,1
Guillermo MaripánAlavés · Defender #6Alaves opt to make the switch, with Aguirregabiria on to replace Maripan.,0
Gareth BaleReal Madrid · Striker #11Vinicius Junior replaces Bale as the game enters the final 10 minutes of regular time.,0
Mubarak WakasoAlavés · Midfielder #22Alaves meanwhile make a change with Wakaso repalced by Garcia.,0
Ibai GómezAlavés · Striker #11Sobrino replaces Gomez now as Alaves make their first change.,0
CasemiroReal Madrid · Midfielder #14Asensio replaces Casemiro for Madrid as they look to find the advantage.,0
Wakaso comes in late on Casemiro with a clumsy challenge on halfway. Despite the Alaves man pleading his case, the referee books him for the foul.,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Madrid have made a change at the break; Mariano has been introduced to replace Benzema.,0
Rui PatrícioWolves · Goalkeeper #11Patricio has now been placed safely onto the stretcher, and the medical staff are carefully taking the goalkeeper off the field. Ruddy, who could well be in for an extended run in the side, is coming on.,0
Nélson SemedoWolves · Midfielder #22Nuno also has his last throw of the dice. Gibbs-White has come on for Semedo, who could easily have scored – and won a penalty – early on.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20A final switch for the visitors and it is Jota – the matchwinner as it stands – who goes off. He is replaced by Oxlade-Chamberlain.,0
Rúben NevesWolves · Midfielder #8A second change for Wolves. Neves is off, with Dendoncker, who offers more of an aerial threat, coming on.,0
Willian JoséWolves · Striker #12Here is that first Wolves change, in fact, and it is Silva who comes on, replacing Willian Jose.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6The second change sees Thiago, who looked bemused, make way for Keita. The former Bayern Munich man had been booked, of course.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5A double change for Liverpool. First, Wijnaldum makes way for Milner.,0
Jota is stopped in his tracks by Saiss, and the Wolves defender duly receives a card.,2
Asst: S. ManéGOOOOOAAAAALLL!! JOTA IS BACK TO HAUNT WOLVES! Right on the stroke of half-time, it’s Liverpool who hit the front. It’s former Wolves forward Jota who gets it, but his effort really should have been kept out by Patricio, who palmed the shot into the bottom-left corner. It’s 1-0 to Liverpool.,1
nother bit of unconvincing goalkeeping from Alisson, who elected not to catch a loose ball but rather punch it. Liverpool have to scrap it clear before Wolves get it back, and Thiago finally receives a booking which had been coming after he tripped Thiago.,2
he first booking of the game goes to Neves, who lunged in on Mane.,2
Asst: D. D'AmbrosioTHIS TIME HE PUTS IT IN! 3-1! D’Ambrosio hoists a long pass over the top of the Udinese defence for Martinez, who holds Bijol off with strength and determination before slotting his finish past Silvestri! He makes amends for the earlier miss and gives Inter a virtually unassailable lead at this stage!,1
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22It's Gagliardini who's selected to replace Mkhitaryan with six minutes remaining.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Gosens comes in for Dimarco with Inzaghi making a change at wing-back.,0
Roberto PereyraUdinese · Midfielder #37Samardzic also takes the place of Pereyra, who looked to be struggling a bit in the minutes preceeding the goal.,0
Sandi LovricUdinese · Midfielder #4Arslan comes in for Lovric with Udinese now in need of a goal.,0
Asst: F. DimarcoMKHITARYAN GIVES INTER THE LEAD! 2-1! GREAT GOAL! An Udinese chance squandered by Success at one end provides the hosts with an opportunity of their own on the counter-attack! Calhanoglu drives through the space left in midfield and finds Dimarco, who almost immediately pulls a low cross back to the edge of the 18-yard box. Mkhitaryan is first to the spot and meets the delivery with a side-foot volley that beats a scrambling Silvestri!,1
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Calhanoglu comes on for Brozovic in a midfield swap for Inter.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #90Martinez is also sent on with the hosts looking to take the lead. The previously booked Lukaku is brought off.,0
Florian ThauvinUdinese · Striker #26Thauvin comes off just after the hour, with Success ready to replace him in attack.,0
Bijol is shown a yellow card for a sliding challenge on Dzeko in front of Inzaghi’s technical area.,2
Matteo DarmianInter · Defender #36D'Ambrosio comes in for Darmian in a half-time change for the hosts.,0
sst: R. PereyraUDINESE EQUALISE LATE IN THE HALF! 1-1! Lukaku’s pass out to the left is intercepted by Ehizibue, who immediately pokes a pass forward for Pereyra. Looking to make amends for his earlier poor cross, the captain plays a lovely switch of play to the other side of the penalty area, where Lovric pops up and beats Handanovic with a curling shot!,1
Darmian slides into a challenge on Udogie and takes him down near the touchline, giving Udinese a chance to swing in a cross from a free-kick. It’s also a yellow card for the Inter defender - the second of the game.,2
asina is also shown a yellow card, just four minutes after coming on to replace Ebosse.,2
Lukaku's had a busy two minutes as he's now shown a yellow card for his involvement in a scuffle with Masina.,2
Penalty GoalLUKAKU SAVES HIS BLUSHES! 1-0 INTER! The Belgium international steps up and initially sees his penalty saved brilliantly by Silvestri but after a moment the referee blows his whistle and indicates a retake needs to be done as the goalkeeper was off his line. The striker makes no mistake with his second effort however, sending it the same way but this time beating his opponent!,1
Enzo EbosseUdinese · Defender #23Udinese are finally allowed to make the change, a full five minutes after Ebosse made way from the pitch. Masina is on in his place.,0
Surridge is booked for getting in the way of a Leeds free-kick.,2
Neco WilliamsNottm Forest · Defender #7Ayew comes on for his debut in place of Williams.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Marsch replaces Harrison with Greenwood with his final change.,0
Wober sees yellow for bringing down Surridge as Cooper's men countered.,2
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Marsch introduces Rutter, Leeds' record signing, in place of Bamford.,0
Pascal StruijkLeeds United · Defender #21Having escaped a red card a moment ago, Struijk makes way for Firpo.,0
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8McKennie is on for his Leeds debut in place of Roca.,0
illiams is yellow-carded for kicking the ball away as Adams looked to take a free-kick.,2
DaniloNottm Forest · Midfielder #28Danilo is replaced by Colback at the interval.,0
Struijk is the first player to go in referee Robert Jones' book for hauling down Johnson.,2
GGGGGGGOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLLL!!!!! IT'S GALLAGHER AGAIN!! He nicks it off Gomes, sets himself, and fires a beautiful shot into the top corner off the underside of the crossbar! What a strike, and it's 3-1 to Palace. Game over?,1
Tyrick MitchellCrystal Palace · Defender #3Mitchell's been impressive down the left for Palace, and on in his place comes Nathaniel Clyne.,0
Gray takes a heavy touch and lunges at the ball. He catches Ayew late on the follow through, and is rightfully booked.,2
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Edouard also comes off, and Christian Benteke is introduced.,0
Will HughesCrystal Palace · Midfielder #12Hughes comes off for Palace, having set up their second and potentially the decisive goal, and on comes Jeffrey Schlupp to replace him.,0
Doucoure has not one, not two, but three goes at Ayew, cutting down the Palace winger with some malice to receive the first booking of this game.,2
GOALLLLLL!!! One back for Everton!! Coleman's ball into the box is controlled by Rondon, who tees up Doucoure. His effort deflects back into the path of Rondon, who pokes the ball home past a stranded Guaita. It's 2-1, and Everton are back in this!,1
sst: W. HughesGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! Palace double their lead!!! Hughes' corner flies over everyone, and Tomkins is waiting at the back post. He takes a touch, and with no-one near him, stabs the ball past Pickford to make it 2-0 to the Eagles!,1
RicharlisonEverton · Striker #7Richarlison is also withdrawn by Benitez, as Salomon Rondon enters the fray.,0
Fabian DelphEverton · Midfielder #8Off comes Delph in Everton's first change, and on in his place is Anthony Gordon.,0
Asst: J. AyewGOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL!!!!! Palace take the lead! That prior chance is never properly dealt with by Everton, and a poor lobbed backpass from Gray is intercepted by Ayew. He crosses into the box, where Gallagher is waiting to stroke it past Pickford and make it 1-0. What a finish!,1
Olayinka goes down in the box under a challenge from Simakan and wants a penalty, but is instead shown a yellow card for dissent.,2
Milan RodićCrvena zvezda · Defender #23Red Star make their final substitution of the game to try and keep their Champions League campaign alive. They add another attacker to the mix, with Katai coming on for Rodic.,0
Xaver SchlagerRB Leipzig · Midfielder #24Schlager makes his way off the pitch with two assists to his name. Kampl replaces him in the midfield.,0
Amadou HaidaraRB Leipzig · Midfielder #8Leipzig know the moment is against them and are now making two changes to try and slow the game down. Haidara was everywhere in the midfield but is now coming off. Seiwald takes his place.,0
Vladimir LučićCrvena zvezda · Defender #37Red Star make a change. Mijatovic comes on for Lucic straight after Leipzig's second goal.,0
Asst: X. SchlagerGOALLL! OPENDA SCORES! 2-0 LEIPZIG! The away side might have secured their place in the last 16 of the Champions League with that goal. Schlager finds Openda on the counter, with the striker racing down the left side of the box before cutting inside. He then touches the ball out of his feet and drills a low shot beyond Glazer.,1
Xavi SimonsRB Leipzig · Midfielder #20Simons scored the only goal of the game so far and he is coming off after an excellent performance. Liverpool loanee Carvalho is given a chance to make an impression.,0
Lucic makes a late tackle on Haidara and goes into the book. That's Red Star's fourth yellow card of the match.,2
Benjamin ŠeškoRB Leipzig · Striker #30Rose has decided to change Leipzig's formation. He makes a defensive reinforcement, with Klostermann coming on for Sesko.,0
Emil ForsbergRB Leipzig · Midfielder #10Leipzig make a couple of alterations. Forsberg was busy before the break but has not been able to get on the ball much since the restart. He is replaced in the midfield by Baumgartner.,0
Mirko IvanićCrvena zvezda · Midfielder #4Red Star make their third change of the game. The hosts bring on a natural striker up front, with Olayinka replacing playmaker Ivanic.,0
Leipzig are losing some of their composure at the back. This time Henrichs is given a yellow card for a foul on Lucic.,2
Lukeba goes into the book for a push on Ndiaye on the wing. Leipzig are in a slight bit of trouble, with both of their centre-backs now on yellow cards.,2
imakan goes into the book after pulling Bukari's shirt. Red Star have the momentum in this half.,2
Srđan MijailovićCrvena zvezda · Defender #33Red Star make a couple of changes before the restart. Mijailovic was booked before the break and is now being replaced by Nedeljkovic.,0
Jean-Philippe KrassoCrvena zvezda · Striker #17Krasso was ineffective in the attack and is also coming off with a card to his name. Ndiaye is on.,0
Krasso loses possession and shows his frustration with a poor slide tackle on Simons. He then goes into the book.,2
Asst: X. SchlagerGOALLLL! SIMONS SCORES! 1-0 LEIPZIG! Leipzig open the scoring after a dominant start to the match. Simons collects the ball outside and rushes inside. He switches possession onto his right foot and curls his shot around Mijailovic and into the net.,1
Sissoko is booked for a shoving match with Burn down the left flank. It was unnecessary from the midfielder and he will now miss Spurs' next match.,2
BernardoBrighton · Midfielder #30Trossard enters the action for the Seagulls to replace Bernardo.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Dier is on for Spurs to replace Lucas, shoring up the midfield.,0
Asst: S. AurierGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! ALLI SCORES A FINE GOAL!!!!! 2-1!!!! Tottenham take the lead through a special finish from Alli. Eriksen begins the move with a cross-field pass to Aurier in the right inside channel. He works the ball back to Alli first time in the air. The midfielder takes on the strike and he hooks his effort over the top of Ryan and into the left side of the net. Clinical from Alli.,1
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Winks is withdrawn by Mourinho as Eriksen replaces the midfielder.,0
Aaron ConnollyBrighton · Striker #44Maupay comes on to the pitch to replace Connolly in the final third.,0
Ryan SessegnonTottenham · Midfielder #19Sessegnon is withdrawn for Lo Celso on the left side of the midfield.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KANE'S EFFORT COUNTS THIS TIME!!!! 1-1!!!! Tottenham need inspiration or luck to get back in the game. They get a bit of both as their captain levels the scores. Lucas' driving run at the Brighton defence sees the ball deflect into the path of the forward. He surges into the left inside channel and fires at goal. Ryan gets down to make a good save, but it bounces straight back to the forward, who makes no mistake with his second effort, dispatching a half-volley into the bottom-left corner.,1
Gross loses out to Kane and then pulls back the Tottenham captain in his bid to stop the counter.,2
anchez holds back the run of Connolly and he goes into the book, handing Brighton another opening to send a cross into the box.,2
Asst: P. GroßGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! WEBSTER HEADS BRIGHTON IN FRONT!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead as Webster rises to power a header home from close range. Gross puts his delivery on the money from the free-kick - right into a dangerous area in the six-yard box. Webster attacks the ball to beat Alderweireld in their aerial duel before directing his header past Gazzaniga.,1
inks brings down Schelotto down the right flank and goes into the book. Brighton have a free-kick in a decent position.,2
Burn gets beaten for pace by Lucas and he drags down the Brazilian on the edge of the box. The Brighton defender goes into the book for his challenge.,2
That’s silly from Kovacic. The Chelsea midfielder reacts badly after Azpilicueta conceded a foul, and receives a booking.,2
A booking now for Pedro, who cynically stopped a Burnley counter by purposely handling in the middle of the park.,2
Gonzalo HiguaínChelsea · Striker #9Chelsea have made their third and final change. Higuain, who scored a fantastic goal in the first half, has made way for Giroud.,0
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7There has been a change by Chelsea at half-time. Kante, who scored their first goal, has been replaced by Kovacic. The France midfielder sustained an injury in the first half.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Striker #20Having completed his quick warm up, Pedro is now on in place of the stricken Hudson-Odoi.,0
 first booking of the game has been awarded Heaton's way, with Burnley's goalkeeper seeing yellow for time wasting. There has been just over half-an-hour played...,2
Asst: C. WoodGOAL! BURNLEY ARE LEVEL! It’s 2-2, as this extraordinary game continues to unravel at Stamford Bridge. Dreadful Chelsea defending from a set-piece allows Mee to head a ball back across goal, with Wood helping it into the path of Barnes, who stabs in from point-blank range.,1
sst: C. AzpilicuetaGOAL! HIGUAIN MAKES IT 2-1! Well, we had an incredible start between Manchester City and Tottenham in the Champions League last week, with four goals in the first 12 minutes, and these teams are almost keeping up with that epic clash. Chelsea have the lead, with Higuain having bundled his way through, combining with Azpilicueta before hammering past Heaton.,1
sst: E. HazardKANTE DRAWS CHELSEA LEVEL! It’s 1-1 now, and just a moment after I stated Chelsea looked to have lost their earlier impetus, Hazard comes up with a bit of magic to tee up their equaliser. The Belgian twisted and turned his way away from his marker before laying back a neat pass, and Kante was there waiting to send a rasping strike into the roof of the net.,1
WHAT. A. GOAL! Against the run of play, it is 1-0 to Burnley, courtesy of a fantastic volley by Hendrick. Chelsea only managed to clear a corner to the edge of the box, and Hendrick was there, unmarked, to thump it back at goal, giving Kepa no chance.,1
RNAUTOVIC SCORES! And this one will count! Dumfries drives forward down the right once more, but Pellegrino sticks out a leg to half-heartedly block it. It ends up bouncing kindly to Arnautovic, who coolly slots his first-time shot across goal into the far bottom corner with the last kick of the game. 4-0 Inter!,1
Alessandro ZanoliSalernitana · Midfielder #59And Zanoli also makes way, with Kastanos on in his place.,0
Loum TchaounaSalernitana · Striker #33Salernitana's final change is a double one. Tchaouna, who is on a yellow card, is taken off for Simy.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95The final roll of the dice for Inter sees Buchanan being brought on in place of Bastoni.,0
Tchaouna picks up the first booking of the game after catching Asllani with a late challenge on the halfway line.,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20There's another change for Inter now, and Asllani is going to be thrown straight into the action to take their latest corner as he replaces Calhanoglu.,0
Lassana CoulibalySalernitana · Midfielder #18Salernitana are making changes of their own now. Coulibaly is the first to be taken off, with Legowski on for him.,0
Boulaye DiaSalernitana · Midfielder #10And Dia, who has struggled to make any sort of impact, also goes off for Weissman.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10With this game already wrapped up, and a big Champions League tie ahead of them in midweek, Inzaghi is making early changes to rest key players. Martinez is the first to go off, with Arnautovic replacing him.,0
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9And Thuram, who got the scoring started early on here, goes off for Sanchez.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Mkhitaryan is also making way, with Klaassen on in his place.,0
UMFRIES SCORES! And that's a moment to forget for Ochoa! Basic is dispossessed in midfield and Inter are quick to get it into the box, with Barella's pull-back deflecting off Coulibaly's thigh. Ochoa wasn't expecting it and scrambled to try and hold onto the shot, but ended up spilling it straight to Dumfries' feet, with the defender gratefully slotting it in from close range. 3-0 Inter!,1
Jérôme BoatengSalernitana · Defender #5Boateng does make his way straight off the pitch with the medical team after receiving his treatment, and Maggiore is brought on in his place.,0
Asst: C. AugustoMARTINEZ SCORES! And just like that, it's 2-0 Inter! Augusto slides it through to Martinez on the edge of the box, but Salernitana are in no hurry to put him under pressure. He decides to go for goal himself, knocking it past Pasalidis before whipping his shot into the far bottom corner, giving Ochoa no chance.,1
sst: C. AugustoTHURAM SCORES! It's been coming, and Inter have the breakthrough! The hosts work it down their left side this time, with Augusto quickly getting away from Sambia in order to put a pacy cross into the middle. Thuram runs onto it, hitting the shot first time as he rifles it out of Ochoa's reach and into the far top corner. 1-0 Inter!,1
Jordan VeretoutMarseille · Midfielder #27Here's that Marseille change. Veretout leaves the pitch. Gueye gets a late runout.,0
Porro becomes Sporting's latest addition to the book for barging over Tavares.,2
Matteo GuendouziMarseille · Midfielder #6Guendouzi, who's also on a yellow card, heads off too. He's replaced by Under. Marseille aren't risking losing their two-man advantage.,0
Jonathan ClaussMarseille · Midfielder #7Kabore is the next player to come on for Marseille. He takes Clauss' place on the pitch.,0
Eric BaillyMarseille · Defender #3Marseille make a wise first substitution. The booked Bailly heads off. Gigot replaces the Ivorian at centre-back.,0
RED CARD FOR POTE! The Sporting winger reacts badly to being booked and is shown a second yellow card! He has to go! Sporting are down to nine men. Their lack of discipline has really hurt them.,3
Pote's shown the yellow card for a petulant tackle on Balerdi.,2
Nuno SantosSporting · Midfielder #11A frustrated Santos leaves the pitch. Sporting's Spanish right-sided player Porro enters the pitch.,0
Ugarte catches Harit's standing leg as the Marseille man turns. The Sporting midfielder's shown the yellow card.,2
Francisco TrincãoSporting · Striker #17Sporting make their fourth substitution of the match before things resume. Nazinho replaces Trincao.,0
ailly's booked for an ill-timed challenge on Santos down Sporting's left.,2
Marcus EdwardsSporting · Striker #10Sporting's forward Edwards also goes off. Alexandropoulos, a defensive midfielder, replaces him. It's a smart idea for the hosts, but a shame for this match as a whole.,0
Sebastián CoatesSporting · Defender #4Sporting need to make further changes. They're being overwhelmed here. Marsa, a defender, replaces Coates.,0
Asst: A. HaritGOAL! SPORTING CP 0-2 MARSEILLE! Sanchez doubles Marseille's lead! The Chilean taps in Harit's low cross as the winger beats Sporting's offside trap. It's a simple goal, and the hosts are in big trouble.,1
Hidemasa MoritaSporting · Midfielder #5Sporting have to adapt to losing a man. Morita is the player sacrificed. Issahaku is his replacement.,0
enalty GoalGOAL! SPORTING CP 0-1 MARSEILLE! Guendouzi approaches the penalty spot and lashes his kick into the net off the bottom of the left-hand post. Marseille are a goal and a man up!,1
RED CARD FOR ESGAIO! Once the Sporting defender is back on his feet, he's shown his second yellow card in about as many minutes for his reckless challenge on Harit. They're down to 10 men!,3
Tavares takes a whack from the arm of Esgaio as the pair both go for a header. Esgaio's booked. It's clear that this referee doesn't like players leading with their arms.,2
uendouzi's shown an early yellow card for going into an aerial challenge with Santos with his elbow.,2
Vlad ChiricheșSassuolo · Defender #21Isaac Karamoko is on for Chiriches as Sassuolo make another change. There will be four added minutes at San Siro.,0
Asst: F. ĐuričićGOAL! HAMED JUNIOR TRAORE PULLS ONE BACK FOR SASSUOLO! 2-1! What a slice of luck that is for the visitors! Inter get themselves into a lather attempting to deal with an innocuous enough push around the box, and the ball deflects wildly out to the Empoli loanee, who lofts a spectacular finish into the far top corner past Handanovic. What a lifeline!,1
las not - instead, the free-kick is straight into the wall and Roberto De Zerbi is left to shake his head again. Lopez is then booked for handling the ball during a stoppage in play without the referee's consent, in a bit of a bizarre coda.,2
Jeremie BogaSassuolo · Midfielder #7Boga is the latest Sassuolo player to bow out, as Brain Oddei takes his spot.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10With a likely winner under his belt, Martinez now heads off too for Inter, as Alexis Sanchez takes his place.,0
Jeremy ToljanSassuolo · Defender #22Lukas Harasli has arrived to replace Toljan for Sassuolo now.,0
RogérioSassuolo · Defender #6Rogerio too is off for the visitors, with Giorgos Kiriakopoulos on in his place.,0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Gagliardini has played his part for Inter now and Matias Vecino takes his place.,0
Asst: R. LukakuGOAL! LAUTARO MARTINEZ DOUBLES INTER'S LEAD! 2-0! Roberto De Zerbi cannot believe that one - and he may have a point. At one end, Sassuolo see a potential penalty call for a shirt pull on Raspadori waved away, and the hosts immediately counter with a long ball to Lukaku. He ships it inside to his strike partner, one-on-one with Consigli, and he slots it neatly into the bottom-right corner. Game, set and match?,1
What a place to give that away Ashley Young! The former England man lunges almost on instinct to block a cross on the right edge of his box and smacks the ball with his forearm. He gets a booking for the intentional handball and Sassuolo have a free-kick just over 18 yards out.,2
Christian EriksenInter · Midfielder #24Indeed, Eriksen is off for Inter and Stefano Sensi is on in his place.,0
Now it is Barella's turn to be on the receiving end of a hard challenge, with Traore the guilty party. He too is booked; there's been no shortage of yellow cards so far in this one.,2
Barella lunges in with a sliding challenge on Rogerio and the latter goes tumbling away like he's hit a trampoline at speed. The Inter man, despite his protests of an over-exaggerated reaction, is booked for the effort.,2
sst: A. YoungGOAL! ROMELU LUKAKU OPENS INTER'S ACCOUNT! 1-0! It's an old Manchester United combination, as the Belgian rises to meet Ashley Young's well-shaped cross in the middle of the box, and clip a header behind him to beat Consigli at the far post. The perfect start for the hosts.,1
Well, that's a bit of a risky play from Consigli. The Sassuolo keeper crashes out of his box and catches Young on the shin as the Inter man hounds after a ball down the left wing. He gets a booking, but he's lucky to perhaps not see worse, helped inadvertently by the former England man's lack of hysterics.,2
sst: P. HøjbjergHAT-TRICK! The flag initially went up to deny Son, but a VAR check shows he was onside! Hojbjerg slid him through down the left, and he was one-on-one with Ward when he slotted into the near bottom corner, with a slight nick off the keeper. 6-2 Spurs!,1
Wilfred NdidiLeicester City · Midfielder #25Third change for Leicester now and it's Ndidi that's making way for Soumare.,0
sst: H. KaneSON SCORES AGAIN! It's a brilliant goal from the substitute! Leicester just aren't closing down Spurs and Kane has time to turn before picking out a pass to Son. He takes a touch before curling his shot into the top left corner from the edge of the D. 5-2 Spurs!,1
Kiernan Dewsbury-HallLeicester City · Midfielder #22And Dewsbury-Hall also makes way, with Iheanacho on in his place.,0
Patson DakaLeicester City · Striker #20Leicester are making a double change as they look to get back into this game. Daka is the first to make way, with Vardy replacing him.,0
Perisic, who was taken off in the 55th minute, entered the pitch to celebrate Son's goal and he's booked for it.,2
sst: R. BentancurSON SCORES! Bentancur's high press catches out Justin this time, and he slides it through to Son. He has two defenders in front of him, but they sit back and he knocks it past Faes before curling his shot into the top corner from the edge of the D for his first goal of the season. 4-2 Spurs!,1
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Final change for Spurs now as Kulusevski is replaced by Bissouma.,0
Maddison whipped a cross into the box and Daka threw himself forward to get on the end of it but used his hand. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Davinson SánchezTottenham · Defender #6And Sanchez is also going off, with Romero on in his place.,0
RicharlisonTottenham · Midfielder #9A double change for Spurs now. Richarlison is the first to make way, with Son replacing him.,0
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Spurs are making the first change of the game as Perisic is taken off for Emerson.,0
Ndidi hasn't made the best start to the second half as he now picks up the first yellow card after he takes out Hojbjerg from behind.,2
BENTANCUR SCORES! What a start to the second half for Spurs! Ndidi is caught dawdling on the ball and Bentancur steps in to nick it off him. He takes it to the edge of the D before coolly slotting his low shot past Ward, who rushes off his line, and in off the near post. 3-2 Spurs!,1
Asst: T. CastagneMADDISON SCORES! And what a goal it is! Dewsbury-Hall switches play out to Castagne, and he gets the better of Sessegnon as he brings it down and plays the cross into the middle. Maddison hits the volley on the turn, and it floats out of Lloris' reach and into the far side of the net. 2-2!,1
Asst: I. PerišićDIER SCORES! Leicester are caught out on a corner again! Perisic clips it in from the left and Dier just sidesteps in front of Daka to help glance it on. It loops over everyone else in the box and lands in the far bottom corner. 2-1 Spurs!,1
Asst: D. KulusevskiKANE EQUALISES! They weren't behind for long! Kulusevski takes the corner short to Perisic, playing a one-two to get into a better position. He whips it into the far post and Kane peels away unmarked to nod it past Ward from close range. 1-1!,1
enalty GoalTIELEMANS SCORES! It's a better penalty from Tielemans this time; he goes the same way as before but he lifts it over the keeper, who guessed right again, and this one does hit the back of the net. 1-0 Leicester!,1
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2City make their final change as Joao Cancelo comes on for Walker.,0
Otamendi hacks down King with a careless challenge and gets a late booking. There will be four added minutes on the south coast.,2
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Striker #20City make their second change now with Riyad Mahrez on for Bernardo Silva.,0
Callum WilsonBournemouth · Striker #13Bournemouth make their third swap too as Callum Wilson makes way for Dominic Solanke.,0
Adam SmithBournemouth · Defender #15The hosts make their second change as Smith is replaced by Jordon Ibe.,0
Asst: D. SilvaGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 1-3 MAN CITY! SERGIO AGUERO! That's number two for the Argentine, and again, it's the work of David Silva. The pair have a little one-two and the latter dribbles it into a crowded box, where his team-mate latches onto it in the tangle of legs and pushes it home past Ramsdale.,1
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8City make their first swap of the match with Rodri on for Gundogan.,0
erma picks up a booking now as he brings down De Bruyne as the midfielder looked to sail down the right wing unimpeded.,2
GOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 1-2 MAN CITY! HARRY WILSON! The new Cherries man pulls one back with a stonker of a free-kick. It's a sensational effort, curled past Ederson into the top right corner. The hosts are back in this now!,1
sst: D. SilvaGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 0-2 MAN CITY! RAHEEM STERLING! The England man doubles the lead of the visitors, latching onto a lovely ball from David Silva that's prodded into the box, and he tucks it past Ramsdale with a powerful finish. Lovely stuff.,1
Charlie DanielsBournemouth · Defender #11With Daniels off, it is Harry Wilson who arrives as Bournemouth's first change of the game.,0
Asst: K. De BruyneGOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 0-1 MAN CITY! SERGIO AGUERO! Some lovely play down the left wing allows the visitors to feed it in through Zinchenko. De Bruyne sees his attempted volley take a deflection, but the ball falls kindly for the Argentine striker who sticks it past Ramsdale in at the left post.,1
A big risk for City at the back now! A long ball catches them napping and Wilson hares past Otamendi down the left wing. Ederson tears out of his box, almost to the touchline and brings him down with an outrageous challenge. It's just a booking, but he could be lucky to escape with only that.,2
alker plants another workmanlike challenge straight into Ake again and this time the referee rewards him with a yellow card. That's his second booking of the season.,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Vinicius comes off following that VAR decision, and is replaced by right-back Dani Carvajal, in a switch that will most likely see Vazquez push forward into the front three.,0
Samú CostaAlmería · Midfielder #23Alejandro Centelles also comes on, and will see out the game in place of Costa in midfield.,0
Sergio AkiemeAlmería · Defender #15Almeria make further changes as they push to make the game even tighter, bringing off Akieme for Gonzalo Melero inside the last 15 minutes.,0
Robertone does well to win possession from Vinicius' mazy dribble, but is clipped late as he clears the ball by Camavinga, who goes into the book as a result.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo has been excellent down the right for Real and bagged their most recent goal, with a like-for-like replacement coming on in the form of Marco Asensio.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Kroos comes off in the first of Los Blancos' changes, and Nacho is on in his place, likely to slot into the base of Madrid's midfield.,0
Mendes is determined not to be beaten again by Vinicius and barges him off the ball. A bit too aggresively for the referee's liking though, as he's shown a yellow card.,2
Lazaro arrives late to tackle Vazquez and stands on the full-back's boot, warranting a free-kick for Madrid and a yellow card for the Brazilian.,2
Largie RamazaniAlmería · Midfielder #7Ramazani set up Almeria's first goal at the end of the first half, and has been a threat whenever his side have had the possession in the final third. Hre's off now though, and Luis Suarez, who netted twice in the capital against Getafe last time out, is on.,0
sst: F. PortilloGOOOOAAALL!!! An instant impact from Robertone, and don't count Almeria out just yet! Kroos massive undersells Rudiger with a poor pass inside his own box. The centre-back is dispossessed and the ball comes back to Portillo, whose near-post cross is headed in brilliantly by Robertone! Lackadaisical from Real Madrid, and clinical from Almeria, who close the gap to 4-2 and set up a tense final half hour at the Bernabeu!,1
Arnau Puigmal MartínezAlmería · Midfielder #18Almeria make their first changes with both coming in midfield, as Puigmal comes off for the introduction of Inigo Eguaras.,0
César de la HozAlmería · Midfielder #6Rojiblancos captain De la Hoz also comes off, with Lucas Robertone entering the fray for the visitors.,0
Asst: D. CeballosGOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! What a way to kick off the second half!!! Almeria lose possession far too easily in their own third of the pitch, and Camavinga finds Ceballos. He passes to Rodrygo on the edge of the box, who turns away from Akieme, stops, and rifles a thunderous finish into right the top corner of Martinez's goal! It's 4-1 to the hosts, and the power of that shot nearly took the net off as Real Madrid restore their three-goal lead!,1
Asst: L. RamazaniGOOOOAAALLL!!! Almeria rip up the script as they pull a goal back! A cross from the right is brought back into the danger area by Akieme, who finds Ramazani in the box. He drills the ball across the face of goal, where Lazaro arrives to tap home at the far post! Almeria reduce the deficit to 3-1, and that'll do their confidence a world of good in the second half!,1
enalty GoalGOOOOAAALL!!! First. Half. Hat-trick!! Benzema steps up as coolly as ever and without fuss slots the ball into the bottom-right corner, sending Martinez the wrong way and putting Real Madrid 3-0 up in the process. He's got three, Madrid have three, and barring a near-miraculous Almeria comeback in the second half, the three points will also be Los Blancos' come full-time.,1
Vinicius is held back by Mendes and wins a free-kick, but his furious demanding of a booking for the Almeria full-back goes a touch too far, and the referee instead shows him one for dissent!,2
sst: RodrygoGOOOOOAAALLL!!! Make it five in a row!! Real Madrid double their lead as Vazquez dribbles into space down the right. Finding Rodrygo on an underlapping run, the winger shows great strength and skill to beat Costa in cover, before cutting the ball back to Benzema, who rifles it into the bottom corner! 2-0 inside 17 minutes, and Los Blancos are already in cruise control and firmly on top.,1
sst: V. JúniorGOOOOOAAALLL!!! A sublime start for Los Blancos!! Militao's inch-perfect cross-field pass finds Vinicius on the fly, who darts past his marker and clips the ball into the middle with the outside of his foot. Benzema arrives, and as we've become so accustomed to, Benzema finishes, slotting into the back of the net to give Real Madrid a 1-0 lead! A goal of the highest quality, and the hosts lead inside five first-half minutes.,1
A crude lunging challenge by Lamela checks Bellingham's progress just a few feet outside Sevilla's area. That's another yellow card, but also a dangerous free-kick for Real Madrid.,2
Felling Ocampos on the very edge of the box, Camavinga receives a yellow card - the sixth of today's game.,2
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Fran Garcia is also sent on; Mendy makes way.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #7Having just been booked, Vinicius Junior is withdrawn by Ancelotti; Brahim Diaz replaces him.,0
Youssef En-NesyriSevilla · Striker #15Rafa Mir is on for En-Nesyri up front.,0
Djibril SowSevilla · Midfielder #18Sevilla make more changes now: first, Sow is replaced by Lamela.,0
A cynical trip on Bellingham helps Soumare stop Madrid's counter-attack. However, it costs him a yellow card.,2
ow was involved in a multi-player shoving contest and is also booked.,2
inicius Junior is shown a yellow card for pushing Nyland inside Sevilla's area.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Going for all three points now, Ancelotti removes Rodrygo and sends on a more conventional striker, Joselu, to replace him.,0
sst: T. KroosMADRID LEVEL IT! Almost straight away, the visitors equalise! Meeting a free-kick from Kroos at the near post, Carvajal leaps high to guide the ball in past Nyland and make it 1-1 at the Sanchez-Pizjuan! Game on!,1
Nemanja GudeljSevilla · Defender #6Receiving warm applause as he departs, Gudelj makes way for Bade, who will slot in alongside Sergio Ramos in Sevilla's back four.,0
 blatant trip on Bellingham sees Sergio Ramos booked by the referee.,2
Dodi LukebakioSevilla · Striker #11Sevilla also make a change, as Lukebakio's fruitless shift ends and Suso is sent on.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15The invaluable experience of Modric is also deployed; Valverde is withdrawn.,0
Aurélien TchouaméniReal Madrid · Midfielder #18Ancelotti decides that something must change, as his team continue to be frustrated by Sevilla. First, Tchouameni makes way for Camavinga in midfield.,0
Kallon looks to escape Rebic and cross back into the box, but he is taken to ground by the Milan forward, who is shown a yellow card.,2
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Leao comes off in Milan's latest change with his job done, and Malick Thiaw will come on for the last few minutes.,0
sst: A. RebićGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! That might win it!!! Milan counter at breakneck speed and Leao puts Rebic into space. He finds Tonali running ahead of him into the box, and a superb finish makes it 2-1 to Milan!!! With less than 10 minutes to go, Tonali may have just secured the three points for the Rossoneri!,1
Depaoli looks to spring a counter-attack for the hosts, but he's dragged back by Hernandez on halfway, and the Milan captain is shown a yellow card.,2
araoni drags back Bennacer and takes him to ground, and the Hellas wing-back picks up his side's third booking of the match.,2
Simone VerdiVerona · Midfielder #7Verdi has been creative and dangerous all game long, and comes off for Yayah Kallon to hopefully have a similar impact.,0
Giangiacomo MagnaniVerona · Defender #23The booked Magnani comes off next for the hosts, and is replaced by Juan Cabal.,0
Pobega is felled by Hongla as he takes a pass from Bennacer, and the Verona substitute is booked almost as soon as he came on!,2
Origi sprints down the right for the Rossoneri until he's caught from behind by Magnani, who picks up the deserved yellow card to halt Milan's attacking momentum.,2
Thomas HenryVerona · Striker #9Henry also comes off, and is replaced up front by Milan Djuric.,0
Adrien TamezeVerona · Midfielder #61Tameze comes off in Verona's latest change, and Martin Hongla will replace him in midfield.,0
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33Krunic is also withdrawn, and the midfield will see another new face in Tommaso Pobega's.,0
Yacine AdliMilan · Midfielder #7Adli is withdrawn following a good performance on his maiden start for the Rossoneri, and Ismael Bennacer takes his place in midfield.,0
Ajdin HrusticVerona · Midfielder #10Hrustic goes down again and is unfortunately forced off by that injury, with the Hellas midfielder replaced by Roberto Piccoli.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud is also brought off, replaced up front by Divock Origi.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Milan make two half-time changes, the first of which sees Diaz come off for Ante Rebic.,0
Asst: F. DepaoliGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! The home side equalise!!! Tameze surges forward and looks for Depaoli, who flicks it wide for Gunter to run onto. He smashes a low shot towards the near post, which takes a deflection off Gabbia and beats Tatarusanu! 1-1, and it's game on between Verona and the champions!,1
Torres pulls back Jirka on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Václav PilařViktoria Plzeň · Midfielder #6Kronus is on for the home side to replace Pilar.,0
Tomáš ChorýViktoria Plzeň · Striker #15Chory notched two goals tonight in a fine performance. Fortune replaces the forward.,0
Lukáš KalvachViktoria Plzeň · Midfielder #23Cermak enters the action to replace Kalvach in the Plzen midfield.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Dembele replaces Raphinha, who has impressed with two assists tonight.,0
Pablo TorreBarcelona · Midfielder #32Torre is carted from the field with a knee injury that he sustains while scoring. Sanz replaces the midfielder.,0
Asst: RaphinhaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TORRES SMASHES HOME A STRIKE!!!! 4-2 BARCELONA!!! Torre surely puts the game beyond doubt, although he hurts himself in the process. Raphinha catches out the Plzen defence with a quick ball over the top from a free-kick. Torre collects in stride before blasting his left-footed strike past Stanek. He loses his balance after the fact and receives treatment on his knee.,1
Franck KessiéBarcelona · Midfielder #19Kessie is forced off with a hamstring injury and is replaced by Casado in the Barca midfield.,0
Asst: A. VlkanovaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHORY NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 3-2!!!! Plzen are back in the game as Chory directs his header past Pena. The home side came close 30 seconds before as Vlkanova struck the post from close range with a left-footed strike. They keep the attack alive down the left and Vlkanova angles a cross into the middle that soars over Alonso. Chory connects and dispatches his header into the net.,1
Václav JemelkaViktoria Plzeň · Defender #21Jemelka makes way at the back for the home side and is replaced by Havel.,0
Modou N'DiayeViktoria Plzeň · Midfielder #99N'diaye is replaced by Bucha in the Plzen midfield.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Alba is withdrawn after notching an assist this evening. Balde replaces the left-back.,0
Asst: RaphinhaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TORRES RESPONDS FOR BARCA!!!!! 3-1!!!!! The Catalan club restore their two-goal lead as Torres fires home his second of the game. He bursts into the box and offloads to Raphinha in the inside-right channel. The Brazilian works it back to Torres, who blasts a low strike towards the bottom-right corner and it travels through Stanek into the net.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CHORY CONVERTS!!!!! 2-1!!!!!! The home side are back in the game as Chory holds his composure from 12 yards. The striker slots his right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner, sending Pena the wrong way. Game on.,1
Torre is booked for his challenge on Chory that results in the Plzen penalty.,2
N'diaye catches Torre with a hand to the face to send the youngster to the deck. He gets booked for his challenge.,2
Asst: J. AlbaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TORRES' GOAL IS AWARDED BY VAR!!!!! 2-0 BARCELONA!!!! Barca extend their lead as Alba is onside in the build-up before crossing to Torres, who finishes in style on his right foot. Kessie stands the ball up for Alba to collect in the inside-left channel and he lifts a cross into the middle. Torres takes his chance by smashing his strike past Stanek on the half-volley.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ALONSO POKES HOME ON THE LINE!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!!!! The visitors take the lead as Alonso slides to ensure the ball crosses the line after Stanek saved Fati's strike. Alonso surges forward from the back to start the move before Torres releases Fati in the inside-left channel. The forward shoots but sees his effort saved by Stanek, although the ball trickles towards the goalline. Alonso follows in on the slide to ensure that Barca take the lead.,1
Asst: J. BellinghamGOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! MADRID SECURE THE VICTORY! Joselu gestures to the crowd almost apologetically after tapping in from close range to make it 4-2. Bellingham ghosts into space after Nacho’s offload before prodding a right-footed pass with the outside of his boot towards the back post. Joselu simply cannot miss from close range as he blasts a right-footed finish into an empty net. The Spaniard holds his hands up to the home supporters, who are ready for their team to top their Champions League group once again!,1
Cajuste is punished for simulation after throwing himself to the ground under a tackle from Carvajal inside the Madrid area. The referee is not buying that dive!,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Rodrygo went down after losing the ball on the counter-attack and his game is over. Vazquez is introduced and Ancelotti will hope the Brazil forward's injury is not too serious.,0
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23In another defensive move, Ancelotti sends on Nacho to keep Napoli at bay. Left-back Mendy is the player removed in the closing minutes.,0
Juan JesusNapoli · Defender #5Makeshift left-back Jesus also makes way for Zanoli as Mazzarri approaches last-chance saloon for the visitors to salvage a point.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Napoli make a pair of late changes to chase an equaliser. Striker Raspadori comes on for Lobotka.,0
Asst: A. RüdigerGOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLL! MADRID TAKE THE LEAD AGAIN! Paz’s first senior goal sends Los Blancos into a 3-2 lead! What a moment for the Madrid youngster, who turns from Rudiger’s pass before firing a long-range left-footed shot towards the bottom-right corner. Meret should do better but the effort squirms under his grasp and rolls into the back of the net!,1
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21As is so often the case for Politano, he makes way as the game approaches the closing stages. Cajuste is on for the Italy international on the right wing.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Zielinski, another struggling after Rudiger's late tackle that somehow avoided a VAR check, is not fit to continue. North Macedonia's Elmas comes on for the visitors.,0
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Striker #21Diaz, still struggling from an earlier injury, makes way for Paz. The former Manchester City midfielder created Rodrygo's leveller with a fine piece of skill and gave a good account of himself for Ancelotti's side.,0
Dani CeballosReal Madrid · Midfielder #19Natan gets across well to poke away Ceballos' cross and concede a corner. That stoppage allows Ancelotti to send on Joselu for Ceballos.,0
Zielinski is shown the first yellow card of the game for a late challenge on Kroos. The Napoli midfielder just caught the Germany international's boot, which suggests the caution is a touch harsh.,2
GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! NAPOLI LEVEL IMMEDIATELY AFTER HALF-TIME! Mazzarri’s side are straight back level after the break as Anguissa powers a thunderous finish to make it 2-2. Di Lorenzo clips through for the midfielder, whose first effort is blocked by Ceballos. A fortuitous deflection falls back to Anguissa before he thumps a right-footed half-volley into the top-left corner. Lunin has no chance from close range and parity is restored in the Spanish capital!,1
Giovanni SimeoneNapoli · Striker #18Mazzarri wastes no time at the break. Napoli send on Osimhen for Simeone, who scored the opener.,0
sst: D. AlabaGOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! MADRID LEAD 2-1! Bellingham, again, in the Champions League. The England midfielder makes it four goals in as many European games this term to send Los Blancos in front. Kroos works it out to Alaba, who curls a cross from deep towards the right of the area. Bellingham peels off Natan and heads a wonderful looping finish over Meret and into the top-left corner. The Three Lions star celebrates once again in UEFA’s premier club competition!,1
Asst: B. DíazGOOOOOOOOOALLLL! MADRID HIT BACK IMMEDIATELY! Diaz takes two or three Napoli players out the game with a remarkable spin on the halfway line before powering forward and offloading to his left. Rodrygo takes a touch inside the area before smashing an emphatic right-footed finish into the top-right corner. It’s 1-1 in the Spanish capital after a frantic start!,1
Asst: G. Di LorenzoGOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! NAPOLI STRIKE FIRST! With their first real attack, the visitors take a 1-0 lead after just nine minutes. Kvaratskhelia curls an inviting cross towards the back post, where Di Lorenzo redirects back across the six-yard area. Simeone pokes in from close range, although the referee waits to give the goal to check the whole of the ball has gone over the line after Lunin scrambles to parry away. After a quick check of his watch, the goal stands and the Mazzarri's side are ahead!,1
Declan RiceWest Ham · Midfielder #41Final change by West Ham now, with Rice replaced in midfield by Diop.,0
Asst: P. FornalsGOOOAAALLL! West Ham make it 3-0 late on! Rice breaks forward from midfield and Fornals chips it over the top for him to get on the end of and he sprints through on goal and then slides it into the bottom left corner of the net. Excellent way to finish the season.,1
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20Another West Ham change now, with Bowen replaced by Noble.,0
Danny IngsSouthampton · Striker #9Third and final Southampton chance now, with Ings heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Obafemi.,0
Really poor challenge by Salisu, as he dives into a challenge with Coufal and brings the West Ham right-back down, so the referee has no choice but to show him a yellow card. It looks like the Saints defender has injured himself in the process as well.,2
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #30West Ham make their first change now, with Antonio the man coming off to a standing ovation and he has been replaced by Benrahma.,0
Diallo is booked after he catches Bowen late after the winger just flicked the ball past him and the Saints midfielder clattered into him.,2
Takumi MinaminoSouthampton · Striker #19Another Saints change now, with Minamino coming off and he has been replaced by Tella.,0
Kyle Walker-PetersSouthampton · Defender #2Here comes the first Southampton substitution, with Walker-Peters the man coming off and he has been replaced by Romeu.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Bednarek after he dives into the back of Antonio, as the striker quickly flicks the ball past him.,2
Asst: V. CoufalGOOOAAALLL! Fornals has his second goal of the game! They keep the pressure up on Southampton and Lingard whips a deep cross into the box, which Redmond fails to deal with at the far post, so it is picked up by Coufal, who drills the ball back into the middle for Fornals, who slides it past McCarthy to double West Ham’s lead.,1
GOOOAAALLL! West Ham take the lead! Bowen does really well to break through after a flick-on by Antonio and he sees his low shot brilliantly saved by McCarthy, but the keeper can only push it out wide to Fornals. The winger is the quickest to react to the rebound and drills it into the back of the net from close range. It’s 1-0!,1
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Philippe Coutinho enters the fray for the last nine minutes, with Pedri given a rest.,0
Javi SánchezValladolid · Defender #5A change for the hosts with Sanchez making way for Sergi Guardiola.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21De Jong is also given a rest. He is replaced by Sergio Busquets.,0
Ronald AraújoBarcelona · Defender #4Activity on the Barca bench. Their first change sees Araujo make way for Samuel Umtiti.,0
Taking out Nacho on the edge of the Barca area, De Jong has his name taken by the referee.,2
Asst: PedriMESSI!!! 3-0 BARCELONA! He's got his goal! The number 10 makes no mistake this time. Taking the ball into his stride after a neat flick from Pedri, he calmly sweeps it past Masip and into the far corner.,1
Alba goes into the book after catching Hervias with a high boot.,2
MíchelValladolid · Midfielder #21The second change sees Roque Mesa introduced in favour of Michel.,0
Óscar PlanoValladolid · Midfielder #10A triple-change for the hosts. The first sees Plano make way for Kike Perez.,0
Marcos AndréValladolid · Striker #16The hosts make a change at the break with Toni Villa replacing Maranhao.,0
sst: S. DestBRAITHWAITE!!! 2-0! Barca double their lead! That Dest-Braithwaite combination works for the visitors on this occasion. Once again, the full-back gets away before sending in a cross in from the right, and the striker makes no mistake on this occasion as he applies the finishing touch.,1
Asst: L. MessiLENGLET!!! 1-0 BARCELONA! Moments after Masip did brilliantly to keep out Messi, he is helpless to deny Lenglet. The defender ghosts into the six-yard box to firmly head home Messi's cross for the opening goal of the game.,1
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11Di Maria, who assisted the second goal, comes off for a well-deserved rest. Sarabia is the man to replace him on the right flank.,0
arquinhos becomes the first name in referee Lexetier's book. The Brazilian centre-back is adjudged to have pulled down Jovetic. Judging by his reaction, the PSG captain clearly feels the decision is a tad harsh.,2
sst: A. Di MaríaGOOOOALLL! 2-0 PSG! Di Maria gets isolated one-on-one with Badiashile, coasting inside and reaching the edge of the area. The Argentine then slips a pass into the area for Mbappe, who races onto the throughball before chipping a cute left-footed finish over Majecki and into the bottom right corner from the left of goal. VAR checks for offside but the goal stands!,1
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Herrera, a more defensive option in midfield, also comes on for Paredes.,0
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #9Pochettino makes more changes as he sends Kean on for Icardi.,0
Kevin VollandMonaco · Midfielder #31The second part of the double change sees veteran midfielder Fabregas come on for Volland.,0
Axel DisasiMonaco · Defender #20Kovac makes another double change. Disasi, who was at fault for Icardi's opener, makes his way off and Badiashile replaces him.,0
Alessandro FlorenziPSG · Defender #24Pochettino makes his first substitution as he sends on Dagba to replace Florenzi at right-back.,0
Youssouf FofanaMonaco · Midfielder #22At the same time as Ben Yedder's removal, Martins also comes on as he takes the place of Fofana in midfield.,0
Wissam Ben YedderMonaco · Striker #9Kovac makes a double change, the first of which sees captain Ben Yedder replaced by Jovetic.,0
Ruben AguilarMonaco · Midfielder #26Diatta replaces Aguilar on the flank as Kovac makes just the one half-time change.,0
sst: K. MbappeGOOOOOALLLL! 1-0 PSG! Mbappe picks the pocket of Disasi as he wins possession just outside the Monaco area. Due to the centre-back’s mistake, Mbappe is left one-on-one with the goalkeeper before unselfishly squaring across goal for Icardi, who taps into an empty net to open the scoring with his right foot.,1
Casemiro is the next player to be booked following his foul on Lopes.,2
arvajal is booked following an off-the-ball incident just as Benzema concedes a foul.,2
Éver BanegaSevilla · Midfielder #10Sevilla make their third and final switch as Banega is replaced by Lopes.,0
Franco VázquezSevilla · Striker #22Sevilla are making another change as Franco Vazquez is replaced by Torres.,0
MarceloReal Madrid · Defender #12Madrid are making their third and final change as Marcelo is replaced by Mendy.,0
Asst: L. VázquezGOOOAL! Casemiro scores his second to make it 2-1 to Madrid! Madrid sprays the ball wide to Lucas Vazquez on the right flank, and he then floats a dangerous first-time delivery into the box which Casemiro rises to nod into the bottom right-hand corner.,1
Munir El HaddadiSevilla · Striker #11Sevilla are making their first change with En-Nesyri replacing El-Haddadi who suffered an injury just before the goal.,0
Asst: MunirGOOOAL! De Jong makes it 1-1! Madrid are not in front for long as El-Haddadi drives towards the edge of the right-hand side of the box before going to ground, and De Jong then picks up the loose ball and cuts inside before curling a pinpoint effort into the bottom left-hand corner.,1
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #27The second change sees Rodrygo replaced by Vincius Junior.,0
Luka JovićReal Madrid · Striker #18Madrid are making a double change with the first switch seeing Benzema enter the fray in place of Jovic.,0
Asst: L. JovićGOOOAL! Casemiro makes it 1-0 to Madrid! A patient passage of build-up play results in Casemiro playing a neat one-two with Jovic on the edge of the box, with the striker flicking it into his teammate’s path on the right-hand side of the box, and Casemiro then lifts the ball over the goalkeeper and into the bottom left-hand corner from a tight angle.,1
Banega is shown Sevilla's first caution of the match following a nudge on Militao near the halfway line.,2
Modric is shown a yellow card for a late challenge on Fernando inside the Sevilla half.,2
ard is shown a yellow card for a late challenge on Aubameyang. ,2
Max MeyerCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Meyer slowly makes his way off the field as he tries to run down the clock a little bit and he is replaced by Townsend. ,0
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #17Palace's first change of the game sees the scorer of the first goal, Benteke, come off to be replaced by Ayew. ,0
BRILLIANT GOAL FROM AUBAMEYANG! He dribbles his way past three Palace defenders as he comes inside from the right wing. He tries to play in Lacazette, but the pass deflects back to him off Kelly, so he takes a touch and then fires his shot into the bottom corner from the edge of the box. 3-2!,1
Asst: S. DannMCARTHUR MAKES IT THREE! Arsenal have really struggled to deal with set pieces into the box today and once again they can't clear Milivojevic's corner. Dann gets there first and McArthur was stood in the right place to put the effort on target and give his side a two-goal cushion. Arsenal are asking for offside, but Guendouzi was playing him on. 3-1 Palace!,1
Mohamed ElnenyArsenal · Midfielder #4Final roll of the dice for Emery now as he brings on Torreira in place of Elneny. ,0
Asst: C. BentekeZAHA RESTORES PALACE'S LEAD! A long free-kick is flicked on to Zaha and he easily brushes Mustafi aside to reach the ball first and slot the ball past the keeper and into the back of the net! 2-1 Palace!,1
Asst: A. LacazetteOZIL EQUALISES FOR ARSENAL! The Palace defenders just couldn't get close to Arsenal during the build-up as Iwobi pulled out wide and squared the ball back into the box. Lacazette picks it up and then plays a short throughball to Ozil who is unmarked and he chips the ball over the top of Guaita wonderfully from a very tight angle on the left of the six-yard box to find the back of the net. 1-1!,1
Konstantinos MavropanosArsenal · Defender #27Emery has decided to make a double substitution at the start of the second half. Mavropanos is the first player to make way and he's replaced by Iwobi. ,0
Carl JenkinsonArsenal · Midfielder #25Jenkinson is the other player to come off and Maitland-Niles is on in his place.,0
Asst: L. MilivojevićBENTEKE GIVES PALACE THE LEAD! Once again, Arsenal give away a cheap free-kick on the right side and Milivojevic's cross picks out Benteke, who is unmarked on the edge of the six-yard box. The forward gets his head to the ball and sends his effort past Leno and into the back of the net. 1-0 Palace!,1
Mavropanos is shown the first yellow card of the game for a foul on Benteke.,2
James MaddisonLeicester City · Midfielder #10Maddison makes way in a late change for Leicester. With the job done, right-back Pereira comes on to hold the lead.,0
sst: J. MaddisonBARNES MAKES IT FOUR AND THIS TIME IT COUNTS! 4-1! Maddison occupies a pocket of space in midfield and turns rapidly before finding Barnes on the edge of the penalty area. Similar to Iheanacho’s earlier goal, Barnes stops his movement to earn space ahead of a defender before putting it on his favoured right foot and picking out the bottom corner!,1
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Conte makes another change, with new signing Danjuma replacing Kulusevski on the right wing.,0
TetêLeicester City · Midfielder #37The second switch sees Praet sent in for Tete in a bit of a defensive change.,0
Kelechi IheanachoLeicester City · Striker #14Leicester respond with a couple of substitutions of their own, with Vardy on for Iheanacho in the first.,0
Japhet TangangaTottenham · Defender #25A change at centre-back sees Sanchez take Tanganga's place.,0
Pedro PorroTottenham · Midfielder #23A straight swap at wing-back sees Emerson replace Porro, whose debut lasts 75 minutes.,0
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Richarlison comes on for Perisic as Conte begins to roll the dice.,0
Souttar brings Kane down just over 20 yards from goal and earns a yellow card for the infraction - also giving Tottenham a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Nampalys MendyLeicester City · Midfielder #24Ndidi comes on for Mendy with just over 20 minutes remaining.,0
nother foul, another yellow card. This time the referee produces the booking for Barnes, who caught the top of Tanganga’s foot during a failed attempt to control the ball.,2
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30It appeared as though Bentancur was attempting to get back on the pitch after the initial injury, but the decision has been taken out of his hands as Sarr comes on to take his spot in midfield.,0
Bentancur gets the wrong side of Dewsbury-Hall and looks to accelerate past his opponent but a tug of the jersey brings the Uruguay international’s progress to a halt. It’s a yellow card for the Leicester midfielder - the fifth booking of the game.,2
Dier is called over by the referee, who shows him a yellow card for a painful, tactical foul in midfield on Maddison.,2
Asst: H. SouttarIHEANACHO GIVES LEICESTER SOME INSURANCE! 3-1! On the cusp of half-time, the striker makes his mark, adding a goal to his earlier assist with a lovely bit of skill. Souttar hoists a pass over the top of the midfield for Iheanacho, whose close-control dribbling takes him into the penalty area in the face of Dier. Once 18 yards away, the Nigeria international stops, puts it onto his left foot and curls a lovely strike around both the defender and goalkeeper!,1
Maddison is shown a yellow card - first, for taking Porro down in a mistimed challenge, before preventing Kane quickly restarting play from the free-kick.,2
Asst: K. IheanachoMADDISON GIVES LEICESTER THE LEAD! TWO GOALS IN TWO MINUTES FOR THE FOXES! 2-1! The hosts win the ball back inside Spurs’ half, with Mendy's sliding challenge putting the ball right to the foot of Iheanacho. The striker turns and brings Forster off his line before unselfishly passing it to his left for Maddison to finish at the first time of asking!,1
WHAT A HIT! 1-1! It’s an absolutely superb goal from Mendy, who smashes a first-time blast into the roof of the net leaving Forster absolutely no chance. Maddison’s corner is headed on at the near post by Dewsbury-Hall, only for Bentancur to deny the midfielder on the line. The Uruguay international heads it out but only towards Mendy, who latches onto the loose ball with conviction and unleashes a thunderbolt!,1
TOTTENHAM TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! The visitors take the lead from a corner, with Perisic’s whipped delivery evading the crowd of bodies on the penalty spot. The ball falls to Kristansen, whose mishit clearance presents Bentancur with a chance to take the lead!,1
aes is shown a yellow card for a sliding challenge on Kane. The centre-back attempted to win the ball from a position behind the striker, with the Tottenham striker showing his experience in shielding the ball. The visitors are given a free-kick 24 yards from goal to test the goalkeeper.,2
The first yellow card of the match comes just four minutes in, with Bentancur cynically charging through the back of Barnes just outside the penalty area. The hosts are awarded a free-kick in a dangerous position to test Forster.,2
Lopez is shown a yellow card for wasting time during a goal-kick.,2
eon is the latest Betis player to be shown a yellow card as he is booked for berating the linesman who chose to give a close throw-in decision the way of Atletico.,2
JoaquínReal Betis · Striker #17Setien uses his final substitution with six minutes left as Joaquin exits for Garcia.,0
Betis are arguing that the ball isn’t placed in the correct position which seems more like time-wasting antics than anything else. The referee has had enough of the protestations and shows Firpo a yellow card.,2
More dangerous defending from Betis as Mandi is shown a yellow card for a lunging slide tackle on Vitolo just outside his own penalty area.   ,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Simeone rolls the dice one last time as Kalinic replaces Correa in Atletico’s final substitution.,0
Francis GuerreroReal Betis · Midfielder #2Setien chooses to make his second substitution of the fixture as Firpo replaces Francis.  ,0
enalty GoalNO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT AS THE HOSTS GO 1-0 UP! Oblak guesses correctly but Canales hits the penalty with pace and power – beating the goalkeeper at the bottom-right corner!     ,1
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Lemar heads to the bench as Vitolo comes on with less than a half hour remaining. ,0
Marc BartraReal Betis · Defender #5Bartra is in visible pain which Setien recognises immediately. The manager does not want to risk further issues and sends Sidnei on in his place.    ,0
Hernandez is booked for a foul after a fast and intense spell of play in midfield.   ,2
Santiago AriasAtlético Madrid · Defender #4Filipe Luis replaces the previously booked Arias at half-time on his return from injury, which sends Juanfran to the right-hand side as Luis occupies his usual left. ,0
Kaptoum splits two midfielders and sprints away with a burst of youthful pace but Correa takes the Betis player’s legs out from under him and earns a yellow card. ,2
rias is shown the match’s first yellow card for a badly timed lunge on Francis which sends the left-winger to the ground in pain.,2
Eddie NketiahArsenal · Striker #30The London club now make their last substitution. Balogun replaces Nketiah. ,0
onnleitner goes into the book after handling Maitland-Niles' attempted throughball just outside of Vienna’s box. Arsenal have a free-kick in a dangerous central area, which Willian, Pepe and Ceballos are standing over. ,2
Deni AlarRapid Wien · Striker #19The White-Greens make their fifth and final change of the match as Alar makes way for Sulzbacher. There are 12 minutes of normal time left to play. ,0
Shkodran MustafiArsenal · Defender #20The Gunners make their fourth substitution as Chambers is on in place of Mustafi. ,0
Asst: A. Maitland-NilesGOAL! Arsenal make it four! Pepe picks the ball up in a central position just outside the Vienna box. The attacker sends it over to his left to Maitland-Niles, and he lays it across goal for Smith Rowe to tap into the back of the net. 4-1.,1
Marcel RitzmaierRapid Wien · Midfielder #8It is a double change with Knasmullner replacing Ritzmaier.  ,0
Koya KitagawaRapid Wien · Striker #32The away side respond to those Arsenal changes with further alterations of their own. Kitagawa, the goalscorer, comes off for Kara.,0
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Midfielder #9The last of the Gunners’ three changes sees Smith Rowe enter the fray in place of Lacazette.   ,0
Mohamed ElnenyArsenal · Midfielder #25In seeking to keep things fresh, Arteta turns to his bench. Elneny makes way for Ceballos. It remains 3-1.,0
Mustafi picks up a yellow card for dissent following a set-piece situation. ,2
GOAL! Vienna pull one back! Kitagawa gets away down the left side of the Arsenal box and sees a left-footed shot palmed away by Runarsson. Arase latches on the rebound and has two close-range efforts blocked on the line, before Kitagawa picks possession up in the centre of the box and fires into the back of the net. 3-1. ,1
Maximilian HofmannRapid Wien · Defender #20The visitors turn to their bench at half-time. Barac comes on for Hofmann. ,0
Maximilian UllmannRapid Wien · Midfielder #31It is a double change for the Green-Whites at the break, as Ullmann makes way for Schick.,0
GOAL! The Gunners make it three just before the break! Some excellent one-touch passing from Arsenal results in Lacazette pinging an inch-perfect throughball down the left for Pepe. The winger picks out Nelson in the centre of the box, and he tees it up for Nketiah. The Englishman’s first shot from close range is well saved, before he reacts quickly to nod the rebound into the bottom-right corner. 3-0. ,1
Arsenal sloppily lose possession following some smart pressing from Hofmann. The defender strides towards the halfway line and attempts to set Kitagawa away in behind the hosts’ defence. Elneny collides with the attacker, brings him down, and is subsequently booked. ,2
Lacazette swiftly knocks the ball beyond Ullmann down the right-hand side of the pitch, and is caught late by the defender. The full-back picks up the first yellow card of the match. He can have no complaints with that decision. ,2
Asst: R. NelsonGOAL! Arsenal double their lead! The resulting corner is swung into a dangerous area by Nelson, and Mari arrives at the near post after getting away from Ullmann to flick it into the bottom-right corner. Strebinger stood no chance with that header. 2-0. ,1
OAL! What a strike! The away side lose possession from a throw-in and Lacazette picks the ball up midway inside the Vienna half. The Frenchman takes a couple of touches before lashing a fierce, moving strike from range into the top-right corner. Incredible! 1-0.,1
ow Capaldo joins the list of players booked, and he can have no complaints after a strong challenge on Cucurella.,2
Noah OkaforRB Salzburg · Striker #77Salzburg goalscorer Okafor gets a rest, with Koita on for the final few minutes.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #17Sterling's night is over, with Potter giving Pulisic the chance to impress!,0
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Defender #28A change in system for Chelsea as Azpilicueta returns to bench to be replaced by Ziyech.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Potter tries to freshen up his midfield, with Gallagher on for Kovacic.,0
James shows his frustration by needlessly pushing Gourna-Douath and is rightly shown a yellow card.,2
Salzburg skipper Ulmer is also carded after protesting against James' actions.,2
Pavlovic is shown the first yellow card of the night after fouling Loftus-Cheek on the edge of the penalty area.,2
Asst: J. AdamuGOAAAALLL - CHELSEA 1-1 SALZBURG - From nowhere, Okafor draws the visitors level. Salzburg's attack down the right-hand side looked to be coming to nothing, but Silva's poor challenge gave Adamu the chance to pounce. He composed himself before teeing up Okafor, who slotted home past Kepa. GAME ON!,1
Luka SučićRB Salzburg · Midfielder #21Kameri will also get the chance to impress as he replaces Sucic.,0
Benjamin ŠeškoRB Salzburg · Striker #30Matthias Jaissle now turns to his bench, with Sesko off for Adamu.,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Potter makes a change in midfield as Loftus-Cheek replaces Havertz.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangChelsea · Striker #9Aubameyang's night is also over, with Broja on in his place.,0
Asst: P. AubameyangGOAAAALLL - CHELSEA 1-0 SALZBURG - Chelsea finally get their breakthrough, and it is Sterling that fires home from inside the penalty area. England boss Gareth Southgate will be delighted with the goal as James, Mount and Sterling all played their part. The right-back started the move before playing Mount in down the line. His cross was intended for Aubameyang, but once the former Arsenal man missed it, Sterling reacted in style. He took one touch before curling the ball past Kohn!,1
Maurits KjærgaardRB Salzburg · Midfielder #14A change for Salzburg at the break as Kjærgaard is replaced by Gourna-Douath.,0
sst: F. VieiraGOAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! JESUS FINISHES UNITED OFF ON THE BREAK! United lift a deep free-kick into the area, but Arsenal scramble it clear. Vieira then finds Jesus darting through on the break, and the Brazilian keeps his composure to sit Dalot down before slotting past Onana! Arsenal 3-1 Manchester United, and that will be that at the Emirates!,1
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Jorginho replaces Odegaard as Arteta looks to run down the clock. Surely the Gunners have done enough?,0
Asst: B. SakaGOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! RICE WINS IT FOR ARSENAL! This is remarkable! Saka's deep delivery drops to Rice at the far post, with the midfielder able to chest it down before volleying at goal. His strike takes a slight deflection off Evans before beating Onana at his near post! Arsenal lead 2-1 at the death!,1
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Nelson replaces Martinelli on the Arsenal left as we enter EIGHT minutes of stoppage time. Can either team find a decisive goal?,0
abriel is booked for dissent, but the decision has gone his way. Garnacho was narrowly offside!,2
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2Evans gets a second United debut, with Lindelof withdrawn. That must be due to another fitness concern, and United now have a makeshift partnership of Evans and Maguire!,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Garnacho replaces Antony as Ten Hag refreshes his attack. The Brazilian has put a good shift in here.,0
Kai HavertzArsenal · Midfielder #29Vieira replaces Havertz, who has been quiet, in Arsenal's third substitution.,0
Eddie NketiahArsenal · Striker #14Jesus replaces Nketiah. There will be no repeat of January's late heroics against United for him.,0
Onana is booked for timewasting ahead of United's goal-kick. He then punts the ball downfield in a change of approach from the visitors.,2
Lisandro MartínezMan United · Defender #6Maguire is also on in advance of the Arsenal corner, with Martinez unable to continue.,0
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9Hojlund makes his Manchester United debut after joining from Atalanta! He replaces Martial.,0
artinez is booked for a clumsy foul on Nketiah. The referee played advantage, with Martinelli eventually seeing a cross headed behind for an Arsenal corner.,2
aka takes a heavy touch before diving in on Fernandes, catching the United captain on the ankle with his studs. The winger is booked, and a VAR check decides there is no need to upgrade his card to a red one – there was no intent and the challenge was low to the ground.,2
indelof is deservedly booked for that challenge. Had it taken place in a more central area, the card may have been a different colour.,2
sst: G. MartinelliGOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAL! ODEGAARD LEVELS IMMEDIATELY! United's lead is wiped out within two minutes! It comes from a flowing Arsenal move as Nketiah picks out Martinelli inside the area, and the Brazilian finds Odegaard with a cutback towards the edge of the box. Arsenal's captain steadies himself before firing into the bottom-right corner! Arsenal 1-1 Manchester United!,1
Asst: C. EriksenGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAL! RASHFORD SCORES FOR UNITED! The Red Devils score from their first touch in the Arsenal penalty area! Wan-Bissaka almost cedes possession to Martinelli in his own box, but Havertz then plays a sloppy pass straight to Eriksen. He slides a pass through for Rashford on the break, and the England man cuts inside White before firing a shot off the far post and in. 1-0!,1
Josip IličićAtalanta · Midfielder #72Atalanta now make their final substitution with Piero Gasperini bringing on Marrow in place of Ilicic.,0
Bruno PetkovićDinamo Zagreb · Striker #21The hosts make their final change of the game as Gavranovic comes on to replace Petkovic. It remains 4-0.   ,0
oments after almost pulling a goal back, Gosens is shown a yellow card for going in from behind on Stojanovic just inside the hosts’ half.   ,2
Mislav OršićDinamo Zagreb · Striker #99Zagreb make their second substitution of the match as Orsic, the hat-trick hero, goes off to a standing ovation after being replaced by Ivanusec.,0
Nikola MoroDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #27The home side make their first change of the game as Bjelica opts to replace Moro with Gojak. There are less than 20 minutes left to play.,0
Asst: K. Théophile-CatherineGOAL! Orsic has his hat-trick! Atalanta fail to clear their lines and Theophile-Catherine fires an ambitious ball in towards the back post. Orsic takes it down well with his first touch before using his second touch to slide his shot beyond Gollini and into the bottom right corner. 4-0.,1
Moro is the latest player to go into the book after going in late on Malinovskiy in Atalanta’s defensive third.,2
Andrea MasielloAtalanta · Defender #5It’s a double change for the away side as Malinovskiy comes on to replace Masiello for the second half.,0
Remo FreulerAtalanta · Midfielder #11Pasalic comes onto replace Freuler at the break as Piero Gasperini looks to freshen up his side. ,0
Asst: A. AdemiGOAL! Orsic makes it three! Stojanovic breaks away down the right before floating a cross into the far post for Ademi to attack. The midfielder nods the ball back across goal and Orsic finds the top right corner with a close-range header. 3-0.,1
Theophile-Catherine goes in late on Gomez in looking to reclaim possession high up the pitch, and the defender is shown a yellow card. He can have no complaints with that one.,2
Asst: M. LeovacGOAL! The hosts double their lead! The scorer of the first goal, Leovac, drives into space down the left-hand side of the field before picking out Orsic on the edge of the area. The attacker keeps his composure and places the ball beyond Gollini and into the bottom right corner. 2-0.  ,1
De Roon receives a yellow card after catching Petkovic with a high boot and Zagreb have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Petkovic is clattered late and from behind on the halfway line by Djimsiti, and the Atalanta defender picks up the first yellow card of the match.,2
Asst: P. StojanovićGOAL! Zagreb take the lead! After a missed chance for Olmo, the hosts work the ball back out to the right-hand side. Stojanovic opens up his body and whips a low cross into a dangerous area where Leovac is waiting to fire into the top left corner. 1-0.,1
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Wolves' fourth substitution sees Gibbs-White enter proceedings in place of Jimenez.,0
Jonny OttoWolves · Midfielder #19Wolves are making another change as Jonny is replaced by Vinagre ahead of stoppage time.,0
sst: M. DohertyGOOOAL! A stunning effort from Neto makes it 2-0 to Wolves! Doherty collects the ball near the right-hand byline before clipping an inviting cross towards the back post and Neto then steadies himself before powering a ferocious strike into the top right-hand corner.,1
Jeremy NgakiaWest Ham · Defender #52The hosts' next change sees Ngakia replaced by Fredericks at full-back.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #18West Ham are now making a double change with Yarmolenko replacing Fornals in the first switch.,0
sst: AdamaGOOOAL! Jimenez makes it 1-0 to Wolves! Traore makes a strong impact from the bench as he edges past both Fornals and Cresswell before clipping a wonderful cross towards Jimenez who makes no mistake by nodding home at the back post.,1
Felipe AndersonWest Ham · Midfielder #8West Ham make their first switch as Lanzini is called on to replace Felipe Anderson.,0
Leander DendonckerWolves · Midfielder #32Wolves' second swap sees Traore enter the fray in place of Dendoncker.,0
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Wolves are making a double change with the first substitution seeing Neto introduced in place of Jota.,0
Moutinho is shown the first yellow card of the match following a late lunge on Felipe Anderson.,2
Ollie WatkinsAston Villa · Striker #11Duran replaces Watkins for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Boubacar KamaraAston Villa · Midfielder #44Dendoncker comes on to replace the impressive Kamara.,0
Chilwell brings down Watkins on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Moussa DiabyAston Villa · Midfielder #19Tielemans enters the action for Villa in their midfield for Diaby.,0
Moisés CaicedoChelsea · Midfielder #25Caicedo is withdrawn as Chelsea need goals. Broja replaces the midfielder.,0
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7Ramsey enters the action to replace McGinn in the Villa midfield.,0
Nicolò ZanioloAston Villa · Midfielder #22Bailey replaces Zaniolo in the final third.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! WATKINS SCORES ON THE BREAK!!!!! 1-0 VILLA! Chelsea pay the price for committing too many men forward as Watkins produces a clinical finish. Gallagher's cutback evades every blue shirt in the box and Villa work the ball forward. Diaby feeds Watkins, who faces off against Colwill on his run into the box. Colwill blocks his first shot, but he buries the second with a finish off the inside of the left post.,1
Enzo FernándezChelsea · Midfielder #8Palmer is on for Fernandez in the final third.,0
Nicolas JacksonChelsea · Striker #15Ugochukwu enters the action to replace Jackson to shore up the Chelsea midfield.,0
Mykhailo MudrykChelsea · Midfielder #10Mudryk makes way for Chilwell to shore up the Chelsea defence following Gusto's dismissal.,0
OFF! Gusto is sent off. Having initially been given a yellow card, Gusto's punishment is upgraded to a red for catching Digne on the ankle with an outstretched boot after a VAR check. Chelsea are down to 10 men.,3
Digne drags back Sterling on a run off the ball and goes into the book.,2
Juninho BacunaHuddersfield · Midfielder #7Amidst the celebratons for Spurs' fourth, Bacuna comes off for Williams in what is surely the last act of the game.,0
Asst: H. SonGOOOAAALLLL!! LUCAS SEALS HIS HAT-TRICK!! Spurs break yet again with Son leading the charge, and the substitute finds his team-mate with a pinpoint throughball that the Brazil winger gets on the end of and unleashes a powerful shot that flies past Hamer and into the top-corner of the net! It’s a rout for Spurs, who are now 4-0 up!,1
Asst: C. EriksenGOOOAAAALLLL!!! LUCAS GRABS A BRACE! Huddersfield lose the ball in the Spurs half and Eriksen is able to swing in a cute ball towards the onrushing Lucas who takes one touch before firing a low one past Hamer to make it 3-0! Spurs are cruising in their new home!,1
Fernando LlorenteTottenham · Striker #18As expected, Llorente comes off to be replaced by Son as we enter the final few minutes of the game.,0
Jan VertonghenTottenham · Defender #5Vertonghen comes off for Rose as Pochettino looks to freshen up his key players.,0
Jon Gorenc StankovićHuddersfield · Defender #27Stankovic comes on for Mooy as Siewert looks to try and nick an unlikely goal.,0
ertonghen becomes the second Spurs player to be cautioned following a foul on Stankovic.,2
Moussa SissokoTottenham · Midfielder #17Skipp comes on for the excellent Sissoko as Pochettino makes his first change of the game.,0
Erik DurmHuddersfield · Defender #37Siewert makes his and the match’s first change, bringing on Mounie for Durm and changing the defence into a back four in the process.,0
nother easy booking from Mason who cards Bacuna for blatantly pulling Sissoko back while the latter was embarking on another forward run.,2
Foyth clips Hogg just as the latter was embarking on a run down the wing, and after the advantage had been played, Mason adds the defender’s name to the book as the second player carded in this match.,2
Referee Mason has no choice but to dish out the first yellow card to Lowe, who takes down Walker-Peters from behind with a poor tackle after losing the ball out on the wing.,2
Asst: M. SissokoGOOOOAAAALLLL!! 2-0 TO SPURS IN QUICK SUCCESSION!! Huddersfield are caught napping once again as they lose the ball in the home area, leaving Sissoko with the freedom of the visitors’ half to calmly play in Lucas who is able to fire in a low strike past Hamer to double his side’s lead!,1
Asst: F. LlorenteGOOOOAAAALLLL!! SPURS BREAK THE DEADLOCK! Relief spreads around the new Tottenham Hotspur Stadium as Wanyama calmly scores his first of the season by continuing his run towards the box and getting on the end of Davies’ pass after Llorente is unable to control it. He then rounded Hamer and side-footed into the back of an empty net! 1-0 to Spurs, and a vital goal in their quest for solidifying their top-four place!,1
Collecting his first yellow card six minutes ago, Guardado now gets his second after sliding into Kessie. Down to 10 players, Betis will look to take the game to penalties.,3
Pedri rushes through the middle of the pitch before Guardado slides him to the floor. The midfielder receives a yellow card.,2
Asst: L. HGOAALLLLL! BETIS SCORE AN EQUALISER! 2-2! A wonderful goal from Betis. Under pressure from Alonso, Henrique smacks the ball across the box. With his back to the goal, Moron controls it before flicking it past the goalkeeper.,1
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Substitution for Barcelona. Kessie comes on in the centre of the pitch, allowing Gavi to have a rest.,0
GOAALLLL! FATI SCORES! 2-1 BARCELONA! A goal from the substitute. A free-kick is cleared away to the left side of the box. In the air, Fati watches the ball before volleying it across the goal. Going low, he finds the bottom corner with a powerful strike.,1
Miranda receives a yellow card after a strong challenge on Gavi.,2
Nabil FekirReal Betis · Midfielder #8Substitution for Betis. Fekir, who scored the goal to equalise the game, is replaced by Moron for the final few minutes.,0
Guido RodríguezReal Betis · Midfielder #5Substitution for Betis. Rodriguez is replaced by Guardado after collecting a yellow card.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Substitution for Barcelona. It comes on the wing with Fati replacing Raphinha.,0
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Substitution at left-back for Barcelona. Alba is replaced by Alonso.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20Substitution for Barcelona. It comes in the defence with Christensen replacing Roberto.,0
RodriReal Betis · Midfielder #28Substitution for Betis. Juanmi, who has previously scored against Barcelona, replaces Rodri.,0
sst: L. HGOAALLLL! FEKIR SCORES! 1-1! A fantastic goal from Betis. Hovering on the ball in the middle of the box, Henrique rolls it past Torres before poking it towards Fekir. Rushing onto it, he slams it low past the goalkeeper.,1
Raphinha receives a yellow card after lifting his arm jumping for the ball.,2
Henrique receives a yellow card after complaining to the referee. He believes that Jose was fouled by Busquets on the edge of the box but no free-kick is given.,2
Borja IglesiasReal Betis · Striker #9Subsituion for Betis. It comes in the striking position with Willian Jose replacing Iglesias.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21Substitution for Barcelona in the midfield. De Jong is replaced by veteran Busquets.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Substitution on the wing for Barcelona. Dembele is replaced by Torres who was sent off last time out.,0
Roberto gets a yellow card after sliding into Rodri around the halfway line.,2
ekir receives the first yellow card after a strong challenge on De Jong.,2
Sergio CanalesReal Betis · Midfielder #10Substitution for Betis. Carvalho replaces Canales in the midfield.,0
OAALLLL! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! The ball is played out to the right towards Dembele who moves into the middle of the pitch. The Frenchman could look to go beyond his marker but instead plays it to Lewandowski. Inside the box, his first shot is blocked before crashing in the rebound.,1
Jay RodriguezBurnley · Striker #19Rodriguez is replaced up top by Barnes after a superb display, capped off with a crucial goal.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford is replaced by Elanga as United continue to search for a winner.,0
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39McTominay is replaced by Lingard as United search for more creativity in the final third.,0
ogba drives through the heart of the pitch despite Brownhill dragging him back, but eventually, the referee blows his whistle and books Brownhill.,2
Maxwel CornetBurnley · Midfielder #20Cornet hobbles off with Lennon taking his place on the wing.,0
Edinson CavaniMan United · Striker #21Cavani is replaced by Ronaldo up top.,0
aguire has had a poor second half and he gets turned again by Rodriguez, before cynically bringing the striker down. Rodriguez had a clean run at goal, but as the incident happened just past the halfway line, the referee just awards a yellow card.   ,2
Asst: W. WeghorstGOALL! RODRIGUEZ! 1-1. Weghorst receives a pass and spins past Maguire before threading a delightful throughball to set Rodriguez clean through! Rodriguez dribbles deep into the box before nudging a little chip over De Gea and in!,1
sst: L. ShawGOALL! POGBA! 1-0. Manchester Utd take the lead. Fernandes finds Rashford out wide on the left with a superb switch. Rashford draws in the defender before feeding Shaw on the overlap and the fullback sends in an accurate low cross that Pogba lashes into the roof of the net from 10 yards!,1
 blatant trip to halt Burnley's counter-attack earns Olise a deserved yellow card.,2
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Milivojevic is now substituted by Vieira, with Edouard given a few minutes to make a difference for the Eagles.,0
Maxwel CornetBurnley · Striker #20Having served Ivory Coast on international duty this week, goalscorer Cornet is offered some respite, and Vydra comes on looking to replicate his late strike against Chelsea.,0
Conor GallagherCrystal Palace · Midfielder #23A typically productive shift from Gallagher comes to a premature end, as Schlupp comes on in his place for Palace.,0
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9After another goal today, Wood is replaced by Rodriguez with 10 minutes remaining on the clock.,0
For a deliberate foul to break up a Palace counter-attack, Westwood is booked and will miss Burnley's next match.,2
For jumping with his arm raised and making contact with Tarkowski, Benteke is booked.,2
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9 Ayew has been involved in several attacking moves, but Olise is now brought on in his place for the final half-hour.,0
ALACE BACK IN FRONT! A short corner is stood up to the back post by Ayew, and following a Pope save at point-blank range, Guehi turns the ball in past a forest of Burnley legs. Incredible stuff in this first half, as Palace regain the lead and are now 3-2 up!,1
Asst: C. GallagherWE ARE LEVEL AGAIN! The frantic pace continues, as Benteke makes amends for his previous miss by firing home past Pope, with a low shot from Gallagher's precision pass. Palace have got themselves back to parity, but the scoring surely won't stop here! 2-2 at Turf Moor!,1
sst: J. TarkowskiTHE CLARETS GO IN FRONT! Wood is on target with a header, after Tarkowski wins a challenge to meet the free-kick and nod down into the danger zone. A stirring comeback by the hosts, who have turned things around already! Burnley 2-1 Palace!,1
For an angry confrontation with Tarkowski in midfield - which then drew several others into a brief scrum - Zaha is booked by the referee.,2
or tangling with Zaha, including some shirt-tugging and pushing, Tarkowski is also yellow carded.,2
sst: A. WestwoodMEE NETS THE EQUALISER! A tremendous inswinging corner by Westwood dips dangerously into the six-yard box, and Mee rises highest to net his eighth Premier League goal - his seventh from a header. It is now 1-1 at Turf Moor!,1
Asst: J. AndersenPALACE TAKE THE LEAD! Gallagher's deep cross is poorly defended by Cornet, whose header falls to Andersen. The Dane's pass finds Benteke in space, and the big striker turns a deflected shot into the net off the left-hand post! Burnley 0-1 Crystal Palace!,1
Adam IdahNorwich City · Striker #35After putting in an impressive shift up front, Idah is taken off and Rowe is offered a brief cameo from the bench.,0
No stranger to the referee's notebook, Gallagher picks up his customary yellow card for an ill-timed tackle on Gilmour in midfield.,2
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Vieira clearly will not settle for one point, and the first substitution of a double change sees Mateta withdrawn for Edouard up front.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp is the other man to make way, offering Eze at least 10 minutes to make a decisive impact.,0
Anticipating a challenge from Gunn deep inside the penalty area, Mateta topples to the ground without receiving contact, and the referee decides to book the big striker for simulation.,2
Pierre Lees-MelouNorwich City · Midfielder #20Smith makes another change, as Lees-Melou comes off to make way for Normann, who receives a warm reception from the home fans.,0
Michael OliseCrystal Palace · Striker #7Having impressed intermittently, Olise is withdrawn by Crystal Palace, and Ayew makes his return to the side.,0
Przemysław PłachetaNorwich City · Midfielder #11Norwich quickly respond to their recent capitulation, as Placheta makes way for Gilmour in midfield.,0
Asst: M. OliseSUPER STRIKE! Zaha scores the equaliser! Olise switches play to the left, and with Placheta backing off, Zaha drops his shoulder and unfurls an unstoppable strike into the far right corner of the goal. Gunn had no chance: Norwich 1-1 Crystal Palace!,1
Catching Olise from behind with a mistimed challenge, Williams becomes the first player booked today.,2
Asst: A. IdahNORWICH OFF TO A FLYER! After an excellent by Rashica, young Idah neatly lays the ball off to his Norwich strike partner Pukki, who places the ball into the back of the net. After less than a minute, the hosts lead 1-0!,1
mid vociferous Atalanta protests at the ruling-out of their 'goal', captain Toloi is the latest man into the referee's notebook.,2
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23With his final throw of the dice, Inzaghi takes off Barella and on comes Satriano.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Inzaghi makes a switch up front, with Martinez being taken off and Sanchez brought on to make an impact in the final 10 minutes.,0
Davide ZappacostaAtalanta · Midfielder #77Atalanta make another change, as Zappacosta comes off for his fellow ex-Chelsea man Pasalic in midfield.,0
NTER ARE LEVEL! Continuing his impressive return to the club, Dimarco finds space on the left and prods a toe-poked effort low at Musso's goal, with the Atalanta goalkeeper only able to palm the ball into Dzeko's path five yards out. The former Roma man slots in for Inter's second and the scores are now tied in this belter of a game! It's Inter 2-2 Atalanta!,1
José Luis PalominoAtalanta · Defender #6Palomino has to come off, with Maehle being brought on in his place.,0
Perhaps out of frustration rather than necessity, Barella brings down Ilicic and earns himself a booking.,2
Substitute Dimarco is brought down by Zappacosta, earning the latter a yellow card from the referee.,2
Matteo PessinaAtalanta · Midfielder #32Atalanta may make a change in shape for the final part of the game, as Pessina is withdrawn from midfield and defender Djimsiti is brought on.,0
Duván ZapataAtalanta · Striker #91Zapata has put in a good shift up front, but is now taken off and young Piccoli comes on.,0
Ruslan MalinovskyiAtalanta · Striker #18Star man Malinovskyi is taken off by Gian Piero Gasperini, with Ilicic coming on in his place.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Bastoni is withdrawn, as the more attack-minded Dimarco - often a wing-back - comes on in the Inter defence.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Vecino is sent on by Inzaghi, with a largely ineffective Calhanoglu making way.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Having seen his influence fade, Darmian comes off and Dumfries replaces him on the right for the final half-hour.,0
Considering referee Fabio Maresca's propensity for bookings, Calhanoglu dives into an ill-advised challenge on Freuler and receives a yellow card.,2
TALANTA LEAD! The irrepressible Malinovskyi is at it again, as his swerving shot at the centre of the goal can only be repelled by Handanovic, allowing centre-back Toloi to pounce and fire in the away side's second. Superb stuff from the Bergamaschi, who fully merit their advantage: Inter 1-2 Atalanta!,1
WHAT A SCREAMER! A trademark strike from Malinovskyi arrows past the despairing dive of Handanovic and nestles into the right side of the Inter net. Thumped in from more than 20 yards, the Ukrainian's left-footer was unstoppable and brings the sides level at 1-1!,1
Another yellow card is flashed, as Zapata goes into the book for dissent at the award of Inter's free-kick.,2
s Dzeko runs through dangerously for the hosts, Palomino clips his heel and brings the big striker tumbling to the turf - the card-happy referee makes his third booking already!,2
Bastoni becomes the first home player booked, following a foul on Pessina inside his own half.,2
Asst: N. BarellaINTER TAKE THE LEAD! The champions are off to a flyer, as Barella curls in a delicious cross for Martinez to latch on to with a sliding volley, which crashes into the back of the Atalanta net. Already, the hosts have an advantage: it's 1-0 to Inter!,1
Malinovskyi the first man into the referee's book for a late challenge on Darmian, as he catches the flying wing-back on the foot with his studs.,2
GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL! NELSON HAS WON IT FOR ARSENAL! IT'S 3-2! Bournemouth's hearts are broken at the last by Nelson! The corner is cleared only as far as the substitute, who takes a touch to set himself and steers a brilliant left-footed half-volley beyond Neto and into the top-right corner! The Emirates goes wild! What a moment this could be in the title race!,1
epham slides through the back of Martinelli and is booked. The Arsenal players are not happy with that challenge, but on second viewing, the Wales defender did not make much contact!,2
Fábio VieiraArsenal · Midfielder #21Arsenal make another change. Xhaka will take his usual place on the left of their midfield three, with Vieira going off.,0
Dango OuattaraBournemouth · Midfielder #11Christie replaces Ouattara for Bournemouth. Having looked set for victory at 2-0 up, they would surely take a point now!,0
Joe RothwellBournemouth · Midfielder #14Amid the Arsenal celebrations, Bournemouth make another change. Cook is on in midfield, with Rothwell withdrawn.,0
sst: R. NelsonGOAAAAAAAAAL! ARSENAL LEVEL IT UP! WHITE WITH THE GOAL! It's all square at the Emirates as White's volley crosses the goal line! Nelson's first involvement sees him scamper to the byline and stand up an inch-perfect cross for White, who volleys into the ground. Neto attempts to claw it out, but he does so from behind the goal line! The referee looks to his watch for confirmation, and it's 2-2!,1
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Midfielder #10Arteta makes another change in a bid to reinvigorate Arsenal's attack. Smith Rowe, on as a first-half substitute, is being substituted after a period on the sidelines. Nelson is on out wide.,0
Jordan ZemuraBournemouth · Defender #33Fredericks, meanwhile, is on for left wing-back Zemura.,0
Antoine SemenyoBournemouth · Midfielder #24Bournemouth are turning to their bench now. Anthony replaces Semenyo out wide.,0
Neto stays down on the goal line in the aftermath of the goal, and is being vocal in his complaints to the referee. Chris Kavanagh books him for time-wasting, much to the crowd's delight!,2
sst: E. Smith RoweGOAAAL! GAME ON AS PARTEY MAKES IT 2-1! Arsenal desperately needed something to drop for them in attack, and it's finally happened as Partey taps home! The Gunners' corner was cleared as far as Smith Rowe, who headed back into the six-yard box for Partey to finish!,1
Asst: J. RothwellGOAAAAAAAL! BOURNEMOUTH HAVE A 2-0 LEAD, CAN YOU BELIEVE IT? Arsenal are all at sea as Senesi attacks Rothwell's left-wing corner. The Bournemouth man is totally unopposed as he crashes a header into the back of the net! Arsenal have a mountain to climb now!,1
Takehiro TomiyasuArsenal · Defender #18Arteta has opted to turn to his bench at half-time. White is on for Tomiyasu at right-back.,0
Leandro TrossardArsenal · Striker #19Trossard cannot continue. He limps off to be replaced by Smith Rowe. With both Jesus and Nketiah absent, that could be a huge blow to Arsenal's hopes of a fightback.,0
GOAAAAAAAAL! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD 1-0 WITHIN 10 SECONDS! This is remarkable as the Cherries hit the front straight from kick-off! Solanke works the ball out to Ouattara, whose low cross from the right wing takes a deflection and is turned home by Billing six yards out! That wasn't in the script!,1
Mahmut Tekdemirİstanbul Başakşehir · Midfielder #21The last of the available substitutions sees Chadli on for Tekdemir, who has successfully walked the tightrope after his early booking yesterday.,0
Fredrik Gulbrandsenİstanbul Başakşehir · Striker #22Gulbrandsen is off for Basaksehir having missed those early chances to give his side a surprise lead. Teenager Emre takes his place.,0
Presnel KimpembePSG · Defender #3And the third and final PSG switch sees Kimpembe, who had taken the armband in Marquinhos' absence, off for Diallo.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6PSG rest another key man in Verratti as Gueye is brought on.,0
Enzo Crivelliİstanbul Başakşehir · Striker #27The final change for now sees Crivelli off shortly after his booking. Ba is introduced.,0
Hasan Ali Kaldırımİstanbul Başakşehir · Defender #3There are changes at both full-back positions as Bolingoli comes on for Kadirim.,0
Rafaelİstanbul Başakşehir · Defender #4Basaksehir respond with a triple-change. First, Giuliano replaces Rafael.,0
MarquinhosPSG · Defender #5Marquinhos is making way for PSG. He is so key to their hopes and appeared to pick up a knock moments earlier, indicating to a bruise on his hip. On comes Kehrer.,0
sst: A. Di MaríaGOOAAALLLL!!! MBAPPE! 5-1! A fifth PSG goal felt inevitable from the moment Basaksehir got one back. The visitors kept trying to attack and are now picked off on the break again. Neymar sends Di Maria through and the substitute squares to Mbappe for a simple finish into an open goal. Too easy.,1
sst: İ. KahveciGOOAAALLLL!!! TOPAL! Basaksehir get one back. It is a fortunate goal as Kahveci's powerful blast from just inside the area following a corner bounces off Topal's knee and beyond Navas.,1
Asst: A. Di MaríaGOOAAALLLL!!! NEYMAR HAT-TRICK! It is another supreme strike! The forward again cuts in from the left and lashes a brilliant 20-yard drive beyond Gunok. This is no less than the former Barcelona man deserves.,1
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12There is no let up from PSG. They are coasting but now introduce Di Maria in place of Rafinha for the second half.,0
enalty GoalGOOAAALLLL!!! MBAPPE! THE DROUGHT IS OVER! Mbappe had not scored in the Champions League all year, but Neymar, on a hat-trick, allows his team-mate to take the penalty and get his campaign up and running. A calm finish beats Gunok for 3-0!,1
Asst: K. MbappeGOOAAALLLL!!! NEYMAR AGAIN! From a Basaksehir corner, PSG break and Rafinha profits on a lucky bounce on halfway. The ball evades Ozcan, allowing Rafinha to feed Mbappe, who in turns sets up Neymar. A low shot is half-blocked by Gunok, but the ball squirms over the line. 2-0!,1
Asst: M. VerrattiGOOAAALLLL!!! NEYMAR! What a goal! 1-0 PSG! This is a beauty. The PSG forward takes the ball from Verratti 25 yards from goal, quickly turns and knocks it through the legs of Ponck, and then curls a delightful finish into the top-right corner.,1
nother early yellow card now, this time it is shown to Rafael after the right-back stops Bakker in his tracks as he flicked the ball past him.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Tekdemir after a couple of kicks out at Neymar and he brings the striker down.,2
Osman BukariCrvena zvezda · Striker #30Degenek replaces Bukari, who gave Red Star a surprise lead in the first half.,0
Rúben DiasMan City · Defender #3Lewis comes for Dias, which will see Akanji slot into the back four.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Rodri has been on form tonight as he is withdrawn for Phillips for the final seven minutes.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Bobb enters the action for Foden in the final third.,0
Hwang In-beomCrvena zvezda · Midfielder #66Kangwa is on for Hwang for the visitors for the closing stages.,0
tamenic brings down Doku on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Stefan MitrovićCrvena zvezda · Defender #80Mitrovic makes way in the Red Star midfield for Lucic.,0
Asst: P. FodenGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RODRI PRODUCES A FINE FINISH!!!!!! 3-1!!!!! City take a huge stride towards the three points as the decisive figure from last season's Champions League final win scores a brilliant goal. Foden offloads to Rodri before he dances his way through the Red Star defence and places a curling strike beyond the reach of Glazer.,1
Cherif NdiayeCrvena zvezda · Striker #9Ndiaye makes way in the final third for Red Star and is replaced by Krasso.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GLAZER HAS A NIGHTMARE TO ALLOW ALVAREZ TO SCORE!!!!!! 2-1 CITY!!!! Alvarez curls his free-kick towards goal and Glazer lines up a punch, but misses his connection and it travels into the top-right corner. What should be a routine stop hands City the lead as Alvarez notches his second.,1
Sergio GómezMan City · Defender #21Gomez is withdrawn by City and is replaced by Akanji.,0
ias brings down Bukari with a strong challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: E. HaalandGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ALVAREZ SCORES CITY'S EQUALISER!!!!! 1-1!!!! City are level just after the restart as Alvarez latches onto a pass from Haaland and rounds Glazer before slotting the ball home. The home side have an instant response courtesy of clinical football from Haaland and Alvarez.,1
Asst: M. IvanićGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! VAR AWARDS BUKARI'S STRIKE!!!!! 1-0 RED STAR!!!! The visitors take the lead on the stroke of half-time as Ivanic's pass finds Bukari in an onside position. He holds his composure in an one-on-one situation with Ederson and fires his effort away from the City keeper into the back of the net. It was strange that he was even flagged offside in the first place.,1
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20A blow for City as Silva picks up a knock and he is replaced by Doku.,0
Rodic catches Nunes with a late lunge and goes into the book.,2
Rodri goes into the book for catching Bukari with an outstretched leg.,2
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Midfielder #10Final Newcastle substitution now, with Saint-Maximin coming off and he has been replaced by Atsu.,0
JoelintonNewcastle · Striker #9Change for Newcastle now, with Joelinton the man coming off and he has been replaced by Carroll.,0
Adam SmithBournemouth · Defender #15Bournemouth make their third and final substitution with Smith coming off and he has been replaced by Groeneveld.,0
Fernandez is shown a yellow card for his challenge on Fraser that led to his injury. The centre-back was very late as the winger skipped past him on the touchline.,2
Harry WilsonBournemouth · Midfielder #22The other change sees Harry Wilson replaced by Francis.,0
Diego RicoBournemouth · Defender #21Bournemouth make a double substitution now, with Rico the man coming off and he has been replaced by Solanke.,0
OOOAAALLL! Newcastle lead 2-1! Clark with the goal to put the hosts ahead. It's a scrappy goal, but they won't care one bit. Fernandez wins a header in the box after a corner that Clark gets the slightest touch to and the ball creeps into the back of the net.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Yedlin levels the scoreline for Newcastle, it's 1-1! The right-back sneaks in behind the Bournemouth defence, completely unmarked at the far post and powers a header into the back of the net from close range, after a cross in from the left by Saint-Maximin. The defender seemed to think he was offside and didn't celebrate much, but after a VAR check, the goal stands.,1
Hayden is the first player to be booked after he trips Harry Wilson right on the edge of the penalty area. Free-kick to Bournemouth in a very good shooting position now.,2
Jamaal LascellesNewcastle · Defender #6Here is the enforced substitution, with Lascelles heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Dummett, with Shelvey now taking the Newcastle captains armband.,0
Asst: R. FraserGOOOAAALLL! Harry Wilson opens the scoring for Bournemouth, they lead 1-0! Lovely move by the visitors, they work a corner short, with Fraser drilling a low pass into the box, which Harry Wilson met around the penalty spot and fired the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1
Ademola LookmanFulham · Midfielder #19Fulham make that final change now - and it is goalscorer Lookman who makes way for Bobby Decordova-Reid. The former has delivered the most crucial of interactions today for his side.,0
McGoldrick picks up a booking for a scruffy foul now, as United look to carve out an attacking chance once again. That's frustrating for the Blades, as the seconds keep on ticking down.,2
Josh MajaFulham · Striker #27With less than five minutes on the clock, Fulham make their second change of the game now, bringing on Mario Lemina for Maja. Scott Parker is looking on with an unruffled air of collected satisfaction, but he must be feeling nervy inside. This would be a huge three points.,0
Phil JagielkaSheffield United · Defender #15Now, as the game restarts, Phil Jagielka exits, stage left, for Sheffield United, who add additional grunt in the form of Jayden Bogle. Can the Blades set up a blazing finale?,0
aldock gets booked for a challenge on Lookman that sees the Fulham man caught as the filling in a Sheffield United sandwich. He's a bit unlucky to see yellow there, to be honest, but his leg was high as he came together with the Cottagers man.,2
Ivan CavaleiroFulham · Midfielder #17Frustration for United now as they carve a promising attack out and then, in a fairly rare showing today, are caught by the offside flag. Fulham now make their first change of the game, replacing Cavaleiro with Kenny Tete. It's time to shut up shop for the hosts.,0
John LundstramSheffield United · Midfielder #7Sheffield United make their second change and, in a sign they very much intend to try and find that goal to level things up, throw on David McGoldrick to slot in up front, replacing Lundstram.,0
GOAL! ADEMOLA LOOKMAN HANDS FULHAM THE LEAD! 1-0! It has been coming almost since the opening minute of this game and the Cottagers finally have their advantage. It's a long ball, one that the midfielder just tracks onside to take down the left, before he cuts back in, turns Ampadu around and manages to squeak a finish in at the near post past Ramsdale. Finally, the hosts are in front.,1
Chris BashamSheffield United · Midfielder #6It looks like we're set for our first change here, and sadly it is an injury-enforced one. It is not Oli McBurnie however, but Chris Basham who has pulled up for Sheffield United. Oliver Norwood is his replacement.,0
A late booking in this half now as Anguissa comes in on McBurnie deep inside the United half. It's unneeded and possibly a bit harsh, but the Blades striker is still hobbling a bit.,2
A frustrated Sarabia goes sliding through the back of Anthony, catching the substitute high up the back of the leg with his studs. The referee immediately produces the yellow card for the tackle - the sixth of the game.,2
Jordan ZemuraBournemouth · Defender #33Vina comes on to see out the final five minutes, with the injured Zemura coming off.,0
Hamed TraorèBournemouth · Midfielder #22In a change that signals Bournemouth's intent, Mepham comes on for Traore.,0
Adama TraoréWolves · Midfielder #37Lopetegui sends on another striker as Adama Troare comes off for Jimenez.,0
Gomes picks up a yellow card just two minutes after his introduction for a sliding tackle on Semenyo.,2
Senesi is shown a yellow card for an incident with a Wolves member of staff just inside the technical area. It appeared as though the centre-back received a shove at first with the player initially backing away but he won't escape a booking from the referee.,2
emenyo gets past Ait Nouri with ease, forcing the Wolves full-back into a sliding challenge that catches his opposition. It's a yellow card for the substitute, who was introduced 10 minutes ago.,2
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Moutinho also makes way, with Gomes sent into the fray.,0
Matheus CunhaWolves · Striker #12Costa comes on for Matheus Cunha in an attacking change for Wolves.,0
The second yellow card of the game is shown to Smith, for a sliding tackle that takes Ait Nouri down.,2
Hugo BuenoWolves · Defender #64Ait Nouri is introduced, replacing Bueno at full-back.,0
Matheus NunesWolves · Midfielder #27Podence is sent on for Matheus Nunes as Lopetegui continues to search for an answer.,0
Dango OuattaraBournemouth · Midfielder #11Ouattara makes way after 57 minutes, with Semenyo on in his place.,0
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16Tavernier is withdrawn eight minutes after breaking the deadlock. Anthony is given a chance to impress.,0
Asst: D. SolankeBOURNEMOUTH GO UP THE OTHER END AND SCORE! 1-0! The visitors keep possession following a throw-in high up the pitch and work it well just outside the penalty area, with Hamed Traore slipping Solanke through the defence. The striker drives to the byline and picks out a cross for Tavernier, who manages to get just enough to the ball with his chest to steer it past Sa!,1
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8A change at the half sees Rothwell replace Lerma in midfield.,0
Billing brings Adama Traore down 30 yards from goal, stopping a Wolves counter-attack. It's a yellow for the Bournemouth midfielder - the first of the game.,2
RicharlisonEverton · Striker #7Ancelotti turns to Davies to shore up his midfield as we enter four minutes of added time. Richarlison is the player to make way.,0
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Hodgson makes his final change of the game, with Riedewald on for McArthur.,0
James RodríguezEverton · Striker #19James has had another good game today. He makes way for Iwobi late on.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Palace now have two out-and-out strikers up top, with Benteke being brought on for Ayew.,0
André GomesEverton · Midfielder #21Sigurdsson is on and Gomes off in Everton's first substitution.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #25Full debutant Eze is replaced by Batshuayi in the first change of the match.,0
he challenges are flying in now. Richarlison hacks down Townsend and is shown a yellow card by referee Kevin Friend.,2
ard slides in on Richarlison and becomes the third Palace player to be booked today.,2
Sakho gifts the ball to James. The Everton attacker readies himself to shoot from just outside the box but has his heels clipped by McArthur, who enters the referee's book.,2
enalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLL!!! PALACE 1-2 EVERTON!! Richarlison stutters his run-up and makes no mistake from 12 yards, burying the ball towards the top-left corner. Guaita guesses the right way but cannot get a touch to it.,1
sst: A. TownsendGOOOOAAAAALLL!!! PALACE 1-1 EVERTON!! A towering header from Kouyate drags Palace back on level terms! The centre-back gets between Richarlison and Digne to head home Townsend's right-sided corner, giving Pickford little chance between the sticks.,1
Zaha kicks out at Mina and is shown a yellow card by the referee Kevin Friend.,2
sst: S. ColemanGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! PALACE 0-1 EVERTON!! James plays a delightful reverse pass in behind for Coleman and the right-back pulls the ball back for Calvert-Lewin to convert from eight yards. Palace keeper Guaita perhaps could have done more to keep it out having got a touch to the ball.,1
Borja MayoralLevante · Striker #21Lopez uses his last substitution now as Leon comes on to replace Mayoral.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Final roll of the dice for Zidane now as he brings on Valverde for Modric.,0
José Luis MoralesLevante · Midfielder #11That goal was Morales' last touch of the ball as he's taken off by Lopez and replaced by Martinez.,0
Asst: N. VukčevićLEVANTE TAKE THE LEAD! Morales times his run perfectly to stay onside and Modric just can't get close to him. He lets the ball bounce in front of him before hitting his shot on the volley from a tight angle on the left of the box and Courtois is beaten at his near post. 1-0 Levante!,1
IscoReal Madrid · Striker #22Second change for Madrid now and it's Isco making way for Vazquez.,0
Casemiro is booked after he catches Vukcevic with a late challenge from behind.,2
Roger MartíLevante · Striker #9First change of the game for Levante sees Marti coming off to be replaced by Melero.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Striker #7Zidane is also making a change and Hazard limps off the field as Vinicius comes on in his place. That injury could be worrying for Zidane as his team have big matches against Manchester City and Barcelona in the next week.,0
arti has his eyes on the ball but he backs into Casemiro with a lot of force and sends him to ground, so he's shown a yellow card.,2
amos picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Miramon with a late challenge.,2
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14De Cordova-Reid makes way for Duffy, who will shore up the Fulham defence for the final minute.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Cairney replaces Pereira for the closing stages, who has impressed on his Fulham debut.,0
Asst: D. NúñezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SALAH LEVELS AGAIN FOR LIVERPOOL!!!! 2-2!!!!! The Reds have a second equaliser with a scrappy goal as Salah converts after a scramble in the box. Alexander-Arnold floats a ball over the top for Nunez and Salah to attack. It hits Nunez and falls for Salah to poke past Rodak and into the back of the net.,1
Luis DíazLiverpool · Striker #23Diaz is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced in the final third by former Fulham man Carvalho.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MITROVIC CONVERTS!!!! 2-1 FULHAM!!!!!! The Cottagers restore their advantage as the Serbia international holds his nerve from 12 yards. Mitrovic fires low and hard on his right foot into the bottom-right corner away from the dive of Alisson.,1
Neeskens KebanoFulham · Midfielder #7Solomon enters the action for the home side to replace Kebano in the final third.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! NUNEZ LEVELS FOR LIVERPOOL!!!!! 1-1!!! The Uruguayan makes a decisive impact on his Premier League debut as he succeeds with a flick at the second time of asking. Salah finds space once again down the right flank and fires a low ball into the middle of Nunez to attack. He goes for the backheel again and on this occasion is able to guide his effort past Rodak from close range.,1
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Fabinho is withdrawn by Klopp as Milner enters the fold.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Nunez makes his Premier League bow by replacing Firmino.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Elliott enters the fold as replaces the ailing Thiago in the Liverpool midfield.,0
sst: K. TeteGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MITROVIC HEADS FULHAM IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0!!! The Cottagers take the lead as Mitrovic plants a header into the top-left corner. Fulham break down the right flank as Kebano feeds the run of Tete and he hooks a cross to the back post. Mitrovic rises above Alexander-Arnold and powers his header past Alisson.,1
ete slides in hard on Diaz from behind and goes into the book.,2
Asst: R. GagliardiniPERISIC SCORES! Fiorentina are slow to get back this time, with Biraghi playing everyone onside. Gagliardini does well to square the ball into Perisic, and he's left with a simple tap-in, past Dragowski who rushed off his line to try and smother it. 3-1 Inter! ,1
Giacomo BonaventuraFiorentina · Midfielder #5And Bonaventura is also going off, with Callejon on for him.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu is also making way, with Gagliardini on for him.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Final changes for Inter now and Martinez is being taken off and replaced by Dimarco.,0
Calhanoglu has been booked after he caught Bonaventura with a late challenge.,2
FIORENTINA DOWN TO 10! Gonzalez's temper has got the better of him here. Within seconds of the first yellow card being shown, he sarcastically applauds the referee for the decision, resulting in a second booking for dissent and a red card.,3
Gonzalez's shirt was being tugged by Bastoni and the forward backed into him. A free-kick is given against him, and he's furious with the decision. The referee books him for dissent.,2
Riccardo SottilFiorentina · Striker #33Third change for Fiorentina now as the goal scorer, Sottil, makes way for Saponara.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9And Sanchez is also being introduced as he comes on to replace Dzeko.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23There's a double change for Inter now, with Vecino being brought on in place of Barella.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Inter are also making a substitution. Darmian, who just picked up a yellow card is off, with Dumfries on for him.,0
Marco BenassiFiorentina · Defender #24Fiorentina are making a double change here and Benassi is the first to make way, with Odriozola replacing him.,0
Lucas TorreiraFiorentina · Midfielder #18Torreira is also taken off, with Amrabat on for him.,0
Darmian slid in on Duncan earlier in Fiorentina's attack and clipped the midfielder. The referee let play carry on, but has gone back to book Darmian for the challenge.,2
sst: H. ÇalhanoğluINTER LEAD! In just three minutes, they've completely turned this game around! It's a good corner from Calhanoglu and Dzeko rises highest on the edge of the six-yard box to meet it. He thumps his header into the ground and the bounce beats Dragowski before hitting the net. 2-1 Inter! ,1
Asst: N. BarellaDARMIAN EQUALISES! Fiorentina were late to spot Darmian hovering unmarked at the far post, but Barella picks him out with a short pass. He lets it roll across his body before hitting it first time. He slots it under Dragowski and into the far corner. After a quick VAR check for offside, it stands, and it's 1-1! ,1
Asst: N. GonzalezSOTTIL SCORES! It's been coming and Fiorentina have finally found the back of the net! Skriniar is beaten in the air by Gonzalez, who turns and plays a dangerous ball across the six-yard box. Sottil is following it in at the far post, unmarked, and fires it into the roof of the goal from close range. 1-0 Fiorentina! ,1
Gonzalez gets away from Skriniar, and the defender slides in from behind to try and win the ball. He clips his heels, giving away a free-kick and picks up a booking.,2
GOAL! Drmic grabs a consolation for Norwich and it's so sloppy from Villa. McGinn dinks a free-kick backwards to Mings, who awkwardly hoofs it further backwards to Heaton. The goalkeeper rushes out to get rid of it, but can't get it clear and Drmic can simply roll the ball into an empty net! It's 5-1!,1
Teemu PukkiNorwich City · Striker #22Drmic replaces Pukki up front in Farke's final change.,0
sst: WesleyGOAL!!! WHAT A GOAL BY LUIZ! Villa are now 5-0 up and it comes from Norwich giving the ball away at the back again. Wesley finds Luiz on the left edge of the box and he curls a sublime effort right into the top corner! Great strike!,1
Todd CantwellNorwich City · Midfielder #14Cantwell makes way for Srbeny as Farke looks to grab a consolation in the closing stages of the game.,0
Conor HourihaneAston Villa · Midfielder #14Hourihane is replaced by Luiz now as Smith looks to see out the win with their clean sheet intact.,0
Marco StiepermannNorwich City · Midfielder #18Farke replaces Stiepermann with Manchester City loanee Roberts for the remainder of the game.,0
Björn EngelsAston Villa · Defender #22Engels is forced off for Konsa at the back following that incident.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Striker #21El Ghazi, who has recorded two assists today, is replaced out wide by Trezeguet.,0
Hourihane hauls Aarons back to prevent a counter. The young right-back is incensed, and the Villa midfielder now has a yellow card to go with his goal.,2
Asst: M. TargettGOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM HOURIHANE! Targett wins the ball high up the pitch and Hourihane takes it off his toes on the edge of the box before rifling an outstanding effort into the corner! It's 4-0 to Villa!,1
Asst: A. El GhaziGOAL!! Grealish drives through the middle and Wesley's dummy run creates acres of space. The Englishman plays a one-two with El Ghazi before steering the return out of McGovern's reach and into the corner! It's 3-0 to Villa!,1
cGinn is out of control as he barges into Cantwell as the ball comes loose, picking up a yellow card.,2
Pukki lets his frsutration get the better of him as he fouls Grealish and picks up a yellow card.,2
sst: C. HourihaneGOAL!! Wesley makes it 2-0 to Villa! It's so easy for the visitors as they carve Norwich open down the left before a simple, low cross from Hourihane finds Wesley, who can convert coolly from close range!,1
sst: A. El GhaziGOAL!! Wesley puts Villa 1-0 up! El Ghazi swings a cross in that Godfrey misjudges the flight of, allowing Wesley to take the ball on his chest, swivel and fire past McGovern!,1
Kieran TierneyArsenal · Defender #3Kolasinac is on for Tierney following a lengthy stoppage for Pedro to be given treatment.,0
arkley enters the referee's book for a challenge on fellow substitute Nketiah at full stretch. It is turning out to be a frustrating day for Chelsea, who have around six minutes to save themselves.,2
David LuizArsenal · Defender #23Arsenal defender David Luiz is unable to continue after picking up an injury, possibly to his thigh. Sokratis is brought on in a like-for-like change to see out the match.,0
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Arteta makes his first change of the final with eight minutes to go. Nketiah is brought on for Lacazette.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Striker #19Mount, who has been Chelsea's liveliest player, makes way for Barkley.,0
Antonio RüdigerChelsea · Defender #2Rudiger is off and Hudson-Odoi on as Lampard rolls the dice. Hudson-Odoi is the youngest ever player to appear for Chelsea in an FA Cup final.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18Giroud, who has been marked out of the game by David Luiz, leaves the field with 12 minutes to go. Abraham is on in his place.,0
hat Kovacic red card - an incredibly harsh decision - has added even more spice to this London derby. Rudiger is booked for a confrontation with Arsenal boss Arteta, who is also cautioned by an increasingly busy Anthony Taylor.,2
KOVACIC SENT OFF! Anthony Taylor initially books Xhaka following a 50-50 with Kovacic. However, 30 seconds after doing so, the referee reaches back into his pocket to show Kovacic a second yellow. That is an incredibly harsh call!,3
t was actually Ceballos who was booked seconds before Kovacic was dismissed, and not team-mate Xhaka. ,2
Asst: N. PépéGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! ARSENAL 2-1 CHELSEA!! WHAT A STRIKE!! He scored twice in the semi-final and has another couple today - this the best of the lot. The Arsenal skipper glides past Christensen after being picked out by Pepe and dinks the ball over Caballero. ,1
Christian PulisicChelsea · Striker #22For the second time today, Chelsea have lost a player to a hamstring injury. Pulisic is replaced by Pedro, who is expected to leave Stamford Bridge in the next few days.,0
Mount joins Azpilicueta in being shown a yellow card for a supposed challenge on Ceballos. The Chelsea midfielder is unfortunate - he did not even touch his opponent!,2
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Defender #28Azpilicueta is forced off the field early with a hamstring injury, which may make him doubtful for the start of next season given it is only six weeks away. Christensen is brought on in his place.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! ARSENAL 1-1 CHELSEA!! Aubameyang sends Caballero the wrong way to level up this FA Cup final! As confident as you like from the Arsenal skipper following a lengthy VAR delay.,1
Chelsea skipper Azpilicueta is cautioned for his foul on Aubameyang. He had a team-mate covering so that saved him from being sent off.,2
Kovacic slides in to win the ball but only succeeds in catching Xhaka. The Arsenal midfielder is in a fair bit of pain but the referee Anthony Taylor only shows a yellow card, which appears to be the correct call.,2
Asst: O. GiroudGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! ARSENAL 0-1 CHELSEA!! In-form winger Pulisic gives Chelsea an early lead at Wembley! Mount knocks the ball to Giroud and the Frenchman flicks it into the path of Pulisic, who dinks over Martinez.,1
ilivojevic is shown the yellow card for hacking down Lamela on the counter-attack.,2
ard is shown yellow for blocking off Lucas just outside the box.,2
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Camarasa comes into the midfield for Palace with Townsend departing.,0
Harry KaneTottenham · Striker #10Kane failed to get on the scoresheet today and is now replaced by Lucas.,0
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8The injured Kouyate is replaced by McCarthy for Palace.,0
Daniel RoseTottenham · Defender #3Davies comes on at left-back for Tottenham with Rose departing.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Benteke comes on a bit later than expected, and will be replacing Ayew.,0
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Winks, who was on a yellow card, is now taken off with Ndombele the replacement.,0
yew has been chirping with the referee all match, and now receives a yellow card for dissent.,2
Eriksen is shown yellow for dragging back Zaha who was trying to launch a counter. That's now four Tottenham players on a yellow card.,2
yew is laying on the floor after a challenge from behind by Vertonghen, and the latter picks up a yellow card for his troubles.,2
ose runs through the legs of Zaha and the former is shown yellow by Craig Pawson.,2
inks is shown yellow for running through the back of Zaha in the centre circle.,2
Asst: H. KaneGOOALLL!!!! Tottenham make it four! Kane was played down the right by Son, and whipped in a low, early cross to Lamela at the back post who slotted the finish under Guaita! Fantastic back-to-front move from Spurs! Tottenham 4-0 Crystal Palace,1
sst: S. AurierGOOALLLLL!!!! IT'S ANOTHER FROM TOTTENHAM! Aurier is played down the right again, and this time the defender's cross found it's target in Son who volleyed a blistering left-footed shot past Guaita! What start to the match for the hosts! Tottenham 3-0 Crystal Palace,1
sst: T. AlderweireldGOOOALLL!!!!! Tottenham take the lead! Son ran off the shoulder of Sakho in the right channel, and then collected a lofted ball in from Alderweireld before cutting the ball back at the near-post! Terrific movement and an even better ball in! Tottenham 1-0 Crystal Palace,1
onali's late tackle on Ampadu earns him a yellow card and looks to have left the Milan midfielder worse for wear. He's able to get to his feet after a moment to gather himself, when he's cautioned by the referee.,2
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17A man down, Pioli sends a defender onto the pitch in order to hold the lead. Leao is the man to make way with Thiaw his replacement.,0
Albin EkdalSpezia · Midfielder #8Spezia make a change in added time needing to get back in the game. Ekdal is replaced by Strelec.,0
IROUD SENT OFF! It's a moment of madness from the striker, who forgets he's on a yellow card as he takes his shirt off in celebration! The striker's face goes from joy to pain as he realises his mistake having already been carded as he's shown a second yellow and given his marching orders!,3
sst: S. TonaliCOMETH THE HOUR, COMETH GIROUD! 2-1! It’s a splendid finish from Giroud, who springs forward at the back post with added aplomb to acrobatically turn Tonali’s cross past Dragowski with a left-footed volley!,1
Caldara is given a late yellow card for stepping on the heel of Tomori near the centre-circle.,2
Hernandez is shown a yellow card for coming across to push Nzola, rather needlessly.,2
Nzola's antagonising gets him spotted by the referee as well, with the striker receiving a yellow card.,2
A reckless lunge from Ellertsson catches Leao while in full-flight, bringing him down to the turf. It's a yellow for the substitute, who doesn't try to argue his case.,2
mapdu steps across Hernandez late to bring him down and is shown a yellow card for the foul.,2
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Diaz's number also goes up on the board as De Ketelaere readies himself to come on.,0
Divock OrigiMilan · Striker #27A straight swap at striker sees Giroud take Origi's place.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Rebic is on for the final 18 minutes. Messias is recalled to the bench.,0
Kevin AgudeloSpezia · Midfielder #33Hristov is also on, with Agudelo being replaced.,0
Daniel MaldiniSpezia · Striker #30Verde comes on for Maldini, who restored parity for Spezia.,0
Messias is shown a yellow card for simulation after going down in the penalty area untouched by Caldara. The winger has no complaints as he gets back up and tracks back as Milan once again search for the lead.,2
Asst: A. RecaSPEZIA FIND THE EQUALISER! OF COURSE IT’S MALDINI! 1-1! Milan fail to clear a corner, with Diaz putting his volley into the chest of Reca. The substitute takes the ball to the left wing and lays it off for Maldini, who takes a touch and curls a superb shot into the far corner!,1
Kelvin Amian AdouSpezia · Midfielder #27Amian makes way for Reca in Spezia’s first change of the match.,0
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4A half-time change for Milan sees Tonali replace the cautioned Bennacer.,0
he first yellow card of the match is shown to Bennacer for a mistimed sliding challenge on Kiwior.,2
Asst: I. BennacerMILAN TAKE THE LEAD AND DO THEY DESERVE IT! 1-0! Bennacer spots the far-post run of Hernandez and delivers a perfect cross to the full-back. The captain chests it down ahead of Amian and coolly beats the goalkeeper at his near post!,1
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Palace make a change as Wickham makes his first competitive appearance for almost two years by taking the place of McArthur.,0
Asst: M. KeaneGOOOOAL! 2-0 Everton! Keane fires a long ball forward and Tosun finds space behind the Palace defence, charging through on goal before firing a driven attempt beneath Hennessey.,1
Asst: A. LookmanGOOOOOAL! 1-0 Everton! Lookman receives the ball out wide on the left and floats an inviting cross into the middle where Calvert-Lewin has space on the edge of the six-yard box and fires a header past Hennessey.,1
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11The other change sees Lookman enter the frame, replacing Walcott.,0
André GomesEverton · Midfielder #8Silva shuffles the deck for Everton with a double change and Gomes' Premier League debut comes to a close as Calvert-Lewin takes his place.,0
Coleman brings Zaha down in midfield to prevent a counter and earns a yellow card.,2
BernardEverton · Midfielder #20Everton make their first substitution by introducing Tosun in place of Bernard.,0
ilivojevic lunges in with a dangerous tackle on Richarlison in midfield and picks up a deserved yellow card.,2
Palace easily deal with the resulting corner and Gueye picks up the first yellow card by fouling Zaha to prevent a counter attack.,2
Besic picks up the first yellow card of the match after cynically bringing down Anderson with a late challenge as the Brazilian looked to drive at the hosts’ defence.,2
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9Wilder responds by bringing on Sharp for McBurnie in what is the home side’s final change. There are six minutes of normal time to play and it remains 1-0.,0
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10The visitors make their final substitution of the match as Fornals comes on in place of Lanzini.,0
John LundstramSheffield United · Midfielder #7The Blades respond by making their second change of the game with Besic entering the fray in place of Lundstram. It remains 1-0.,0
Arthur MasuakuWest Ham · Midfielder #26Moyes decides to make his second substitution of the match in an effort to get West Ham back into the contest as Snodgrass comes onto the field in place of Masuaku. There are 21 minutes of normal time left to play.,0
David McGoldrickSheffield United · Striker #17Wilder opts to make his first change of the match as Mousset comes on to replace McGoldrick on the hour mark.,0
sst: J. FleckGOAL! Sheffield United take the lead! Martin gifts the ball to Fleck following a misplaced pass and, after skipping beyond Balbuena, the midfielder slides the ball to his right for McBurnie who finds the bottom right corner from the centre of the box. 1-0.,1
Łukasz FabiańskiWest Ham · Goalkeeper #1The Hammers are forced into making their first substitution of the match as the injured Fabianski is replaced by Martin.,0
Anthony GordonNewcastle · Striker #10Anderson gets two minutes to play in injury time, with Gordon not risked any further with the result secured.,0
Asst: F. SchärLIVRAMENTO MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! A first Newcastle goal for the full-back adds the cherry on top of an otherwise perfect day, latching onto Schar’s long-range pass in acres of space on the wing before dribbling through the entire Wolves defence and somehow scuffing an unwitting shot past the oncoming Bentley!,1
it Nouri is first called for a foul on Livramento on the touchline, before venting his frustration in the direction of the referee. It’s a yellow card for the Wolves wing-back; the first booking of the match.,2
Jeanricner BellegardeWolves · Midfielder #2720-year old Chirewa gets an appearance on the left wing, as Bellegarde is given an early rest.,0
Mario LeminaWolves · Midfielder #5Mario Lemina makes way with under 10 minutes to go, as O'Neil continues to roll the dice by sending on Traore.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock is also recalled to the bench in a triple substitution for Newcastle. Miley enters the fray.,0
Jacob MurphyNewcastle · Striker #23Almiron has 20 minutes to impress as he takes over on the right wing for Murphy.,0
Alexander IsakNewcastle · Striker #14Isak goes off having put his side ahead after just 14 minutes, with Barnes given a chance to stretch his legs.,0
Toti GomesWolves · Defender #24A change in defence for Wolves sees Toti make way after his key goal-line clearance. Hugo Bueno is selected to replace him.,0
Kieran TrippierNewcastle · Defender #2Trippier has limped off and remains deep in conversation with a member of the Newcastle medical staff. It first appeared as though the England international would be able to retake his place, but that won’t be the case as Livramento comes on in his stead.,0
José SáWolves · Goalkeeper #1Substitute goalkeeper Bentley is called upon to play in the second half, with Sa apparently unable to continue between the posts after half-time.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Neto does not return to the pitch after the interval either, with Fraser taking his place in attack.,0
NEWCASTLE STRIKE AGAIN! 2-0! Murphy gets free down the right wing and shapes his body to curl a low cross in towards the penalty spot for Isak. Sa comes rushing off his line to beat the forward to the delivery but a collision leaves the ball unclaimed just outside the six-yard box, with Gordon coming across to tap his finish into the empty net to double the advantage!,1
NEWCASTLE TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It’s a slightly fortuitous goal but the home supporters won’t care - with Isak giving Newcastle an early advantage! Gordon gets forward on a counter-attack after a long period of possession for Wolves, slipping the ball through for Guimaraes on the overlapping run. The midfielder hits his shot from close range which is deflected by Dawson, right into the path of Isak, who nods it home!,1
PedroChelsea · Striker #11Hudson-Odoi replaces Pedro for the visitors for the final 10 minutes.,0
Héctor BellerínArsenal · Defender #2Bellerin is carried off the field on a stretcher and replaced by Elneny. Maitland-Niles will likely drop back into Bellerin's position and Elneny will move into the midfield.,0
WillianChelsea · Striker #22Giroud finally comes on to the pitch for Willian.,0
Aaron RamseyArsenal · Midfielder #8Maitland-Niles replaces Ramsey for the home side.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Kovacic is withdrawn for Barkley for the visitors.,0
sst: S. PapastathopoulosGOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KOSCIELNY DOUBLES ARSENAL'S LEAD!!! 2-0!!! The Gunners extend their advantage over the visitors with a huge slice of fortune. Chelsea fail to clear their lines from the free-kick and Sokratis sends a follow-up into the six-yard box. Koscielny has acres of space and meets the cross. However, he connects with his shoulder rather than his head, but it spins favourably for Arsenal away from Arrizabalaga and towards the top corner to find the net.,1
David Luiz flies into a challenge with Ramsey and goes into the book. The Brazilian hands Arsenal another set-piece to threaten from in the Chelsea half.,2
sst: H. BellerínGOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LACAZETTE BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!! 1-0 ARSENAL!! The pressure from the home side pays off and Lacazette displays a clinical edge to find the back of the net. Bellerin fired a low cross into the box and the Frenchman took a great first touch to create space for a strike. From a tight angle he fired his effort between Arrizabalaga and the post to put his team ahead.,1
WalaceUdinese · Midfielder #11The visitors now make their final substitution, with Walace replaced by Fofana.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Third and final Juventus substitution now and it's Dybala who is coming off to a standing ovation, with Pjaca his replacement.,0
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Here is the second Juventus substitution, with Rabiot coming off and he has been replaced in midfield by Ramsey.,0
Douglas CostaJuventus · Striker #11Juventus now make their first change, with Douglas Costa heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Cuadrado.,0
Ken SemaUdinese · Midfielder #12Udinese make another substitution following the Juventus goal, with Sema coming off and he has been replaced by Larsen.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Douglas Costa steps up to take the penalty and he also converts from the spot, showing great composure to send Nicolas the wrong way and slot the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the goal. Juventus now lead 4-0.,1
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Nuytinck for the handball that led to the Juventus penalty.,2
Asst: G. HiguaínGOOOAAALLL! Juventus lead 3-0! There's no doubts about this goal, it's a superb finish from Dybala to surely put the game to bed. Higuain lays the ball out wide to Dybala who looks like he is going to cross into the box, but instead he curls the ball into the top left-hand corner of the net.,1
Łukasz TeodorczykUdinese · Striker #91Udinese have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Teodorczyk coming off and he has been replaced by Lasagna.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Dybala makes no mistakes from the spot and Juventus lead 2-0! A clinical finish from Dybala, straight into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, giving Nicolas no chance of saving that.,1
Asst: P. DybalaGOOOAAALLL! Juventus lead 1-0! Higuain with the goal after 16 minutes to send the hosts into the lead. Dybala was heavily involved, playing a number of quick one-two passes with Higuain, before chipping the ball over the top of the Udinese defence for the striker to chest down and then fire past Nicolas and into the back of the net.,1
Asst: R. LewandowskiGOAAALLLL - BAYERN 7-1 SALZBURG - Now that is deserved. Sane gets a goal to add to his two assists, and Nagelsmann's side are taking Salzburg apart at will. Lewandowski managed to pick up possession on the edge of the Salzburg penalty box, and rather than shoot, he waited for Sane to overlap him. The visitors' defence fell for it, and before they could realise, Sane had smashed the ball into the roof of the net.,1
Asst: L. SanéGOAAAALL - BAYERN 6-1 SALZBURG - Muller gets his second of the evening as he converts another pass from Sane. The duo worked themselves into a good position inside the Salzburg box before Muller curled his shot into the bottom corner, although he looked to have miskicked it.,1
Asst: B. AaronsonGOAAALL - BAYERN 5-1 SALZBURG - Salzburg restore some pride as Kjaergaard rifles the ball into the top corner, giving Neuer no chance in the Bayern goal. Bayern's midfield failed to catch Aaronson, and it was his pass that teed up his team-mate.,1
Mohamed CamaraRB Salzburg · Midfielder #19Camara seems to be signalling that he has pulled a muscle, so on comes Tijani.,0
Niklas SüleBayern · Defender #4Nagelsmann continues to use the options available to him, with Kouassi on in place of Sule.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Another change for Bayern in midfield, with Musiala making way, with Roca on for the final 24 minutes.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11While Bayern wait for Camara to get back to his feet, Choupo-Moting is now on the pitch in place of Coman.,0
Karim AdeyemiRB Salzburg · Striker #27Youngster Sesko is also given a chance, with Adeyemi taking his place on the bench.,0
Junior AdamuRB Salzburg · Striker #9Jaissle makes two changes in the final third as Chukwubuike is replaced by Kjaergaard.,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Hernandez applauds the crowd for their support as he makes way for Upamecano.,0
Asst: L. SanéGOAAALLL - BAYERN 5-0 SALZBURG - Salzburg's resolve is broken again in the second half, and Muller grabs his first of the evening. Naglesmann's side worked their way through the Salzburg midfield, with Sane picking out Muller in the penalty box. The veteran turned onto his left foot and smashed the ball home, and he made it look effortless!,1
Oumar SoletRB Salzburg · Defender #22Solet also makes way for Salzburg, with Piątkowski getting the chance to impress off the bench.,0
Nicolas SeiwaldRB Salzburg · Midfielder #13Salzburg boss Matthias Jaissle turns to his bench at the break as Seiwald is replaced by Sucic.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Gnabry is given an early night, with Sarr the one to replace him.,0
sst: K. ComanGOAAALL - BAYERN 4-0 SALZBURG - Oh dear Salzburg. Camara gets caught in possession on the edge of the Salzburg box, allowing Bayern to pounce. Coman picked up the ball before picking out Ganbry at the far post. The former Arsenal man should not have beat Kohn at his near post, but the Salzburg keeper produced a weak save, and we have four goals already!,1
OAAALLL - BAYERN 3-0 SALZBURG - HAT-TRICK for Lewandowski. We are not even halfway through the first half, and it is pretty much game over. Muller's throughball caused carnage, forcing Kohn off his line. The Salzburg keeper got there first, but the Pole deflected the ball onto the post. He then kept his composure and had all the time in the world to tap home. Incredible!!!,1
enalty GoalGOAAAALLL - BAYERN 2-0 SALZBURG - Same corner, same result. Lewandowski grabs his second goal of the night from the penalty spot, although this time, he checked his run. Kohn fell for it, and Lewandowski popped the ball into the bottom corner.,1
enalty GoalGOAAALL - BAYERN 1-0 SALZBURG - Lewandowski makes no mistake from the penalty spot as he sends Kohn the wrong way and adds to his tally for the season.,1
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Julian Nagelsmann also brings off Sané for Omar Richards, thus every outfield Bayern substitute is on the pitch.,0
Tanguy NianzouBayern · Defender #23Kouassi's injury is too severe for him to continue, and Malik Tillman comes on in his place.,0
Tomasz KędzioraDynamo Kyiv · Defender #94Kędziora is withdrawn for Dynamo as Oleksandr Karavaev comes on for him.,0
Asst: V. TsygankovGOOOOALLLLL!!!!! Dynamo have one back!!! Mykolenko plays the ball across to Tsygankov, who sets up Harmash with a one-touc pass, and the substitute fires past Neuer to make it 2-1!!! Game on!!!,1
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Goalscorer Coman comes off for Bayern, as Julian Nagelsmann brings on Marc Roca.,0
Buyalskiy does well to get around the outside of Sarr, who tugs him back twice. He's booked after the Kiev midfielder goes down on the second occasion.,2
Ilya ShkurinDynamo Kyiv · Striker #73Shkurin's not led the line with much vigour in the first half, and Vitinho comes on to replace him at half-time.,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Hernández's night is done for Bayern, as on comes Bouna Sarr in his place.,0
Carlos de PenaDynamo Kyiv · Midfielder #14De Pena is also withdrawn for Dynamo, replaced by Denys Harmash.,0
Asst: C. TolissoGOOOALLLLL!!!! As easy as you like!!!! It's a delightful diagonal ball into the box from Tolisso that beats everyone. Muller leaves it for Coman, who has time to shoot and picks his spot in the top corner!!! Bayern's dominance firmly re-established and it's 2-0.,1
Kouassi looks to feed Goretzka, before Shaparenko stands on the Bayern midfielder's heels and is given the game's first booking.,2
OOOOOOALLLLL!!!! WHAT A FINISH!!!!! Guess who makes it 1-0!!!! Bayern play their way around a Dynamo box packed with Kiev's defenders, and after a Goretzka drive deflects into the air, Lewandowski unleashes a fantastic overhead kick that flies into the bottom corner and into the net!!! A tad lucky with the bounce of the ball, but what else is there to say about Bayern's number nine? He is inevitable, and unstoppable too.,1
apaldo is booked for Salzburg, meaning that he'll miss the next match.,2
Noah OkaforRB Salzburg · Striker #77Okafor, arguably tonight's man-of-the-match, is replaced by youngster Roko Simic.,0
Karim AdeyemiRB Salzburg · Striker #27Adeyemi has been impressive once again, and is brought off for Chukwubuike Adamu.,0
Andreas UlmerRB Salzburg · Defender #17Sazlburg captain Ulmer is brought off by Matthias Jiassle, and is replaced by Daouda Guindo.,0
Asst: BernardoGOOOALLLL!!! IT'S THREE!!!! Yet another poor piece of defending from Wolfsburg at the corner, at Bernardo is easily able to nod down the Sucic cross. It finds the unmarked Okafor, who has all the time in the world to finish beyond Casteels for his second!!! Surely no way back for Mark van Bommel's Wolfsburg now.,1
Maximilian WöberRB Salzburg · Defender #39Wober, who picked up a knock just after Salzburg's second goal, is replaced by Bernardo.,0
Ridle BakuWolfsburg · Midfielder #20The younger Nmecha brother, Felix, comes on for Wolfsburg in place of the largely anonymous Baku.,0
Jérôme RoussillonWolfsburg · Defender #15Roussillon comes off for Wolfsburg, and Paulo Otavio takes his place.,0
Mohamed CamaraRB Salzburg · Midfielder #19The yellow-carded Camara is replaced in Salzburg's first change, by the Argentinian midfielder Nicolas Capaldo.,0
GOOOALLLL!!!! Salzburg are back in front!!! It's Okafor who capitalises on a scramble in the Wolfsburg box, reacting quicker than any of the defenders to squeeze the ball past Casteels! He makes it 2-1 to Salzburg, and Okafor really deserves that goal, he's been excellent in this match.,1
Sucic breaks forward for Salzburg with pace, but is fouled by Mbabu as he looks to pick a pass. Mbabu is booked as a result.,2
Arnold and Camara both stretch to win a loose ball, and the latter catches the Wolfsburg captain's trailing leg. He's given the first booking of the match for his troubles.,2
Asst: M. ArnoldGOOOALLLL!!! Wolfsburg equalise!!! It's a freak goal, but the away side won't care. An Arnold corner is swung right into the six-yard box, and Nmecha just ghosts in between the Salzburg defenders to head the ball into the far corner!!! 1-1, and Wolfsburg aren't just here to make up the numbers!,1
Asst: N. SeiwaldGOOOALLLL!!! WHAT A START FOR THE HOME SIDE!!! Salzburg fly forward and Adeyemi nips in behind a dazed Mbabu, who really should have dealt with that, to easily finish beyond Casteels and put the Red Bulls 1-0 up!!! Awful Wolfsburg defending, but Adeyemi won't care as his stock rises higher and higher!,1
GOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-5 ARSENAL! Smith Rowe wraps up the scoring for Arsenal with the easiest finish of the lot. The substitute pokes in Pepe's blocked shot from a few yards out. VAR checks the goal before confirming it's onside.,1
enalty GoalGOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-4 ARSENAL! This has turned into a romp for Arsenal. Lacazette confidently smashes the penalty into the bottom right corner of the net, sending Gunn the wrong way. Norwich have been woeful.,1
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Midfielder #35Martinelli is the next Arsenal player to get an early rest. Smith Rowe is his replacement. ,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Saka heads off to warm applause from the Arsenal fans, high-fiving his colleagues on the bench. Pepe gets a run-out with the game surely won already for Arsenal.,0
Przemysław PłachetaNorwich City · Midfielder #11Płacheta's race is run. He's been Norwich's best player here, which isn't saying much. The teenage Greek Tzolis comes on.,0
Thomas ParteyArsenal · Midfielder #5Arsenal make their first change of the game. Elneny takes the booked Partey's place at the base of midfield.,0
Josh SargentNorwich City · Midfielder #24Idah runs onto the pitch for Norwich. He replaces the American, Sargent.,0
sst: A. LacazetteGOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-3 ARSENAL! Saka grabs his second goal of the game! The Englishman receives Lacazette's pass, teases his man near the corner of the box before darting inside and passing into the bottom left corner. He's been excellent.,1
Kieran DowellNorwich City · Midfielder #10Here's Norwich's first change of the game. Lees-Melou replaces the anonymous Dowell.,0
artey picks up a yellow card for cynically bringing down Kabak as Norwich break forward on the counter.,2
sst: M. ØdegaardGOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-2 ARSENAL! Tierney gives Arsenal a cushion before half-time! Odegaard finds the Scot's gut-busting run from deep with Norwich out of shape. He takes a great first touch in the box before firing the ball into the bottom right corner where Gunn can't reach it.,1
Things are starting to get a bit ill-tempered. White nudges Placheta off the ball and Placheta reacts poorly, shoving the Arsenal defender. The Norwich man is booked once the referee calms things down.,2
The referee consults his assistant before showing Xhaka the yellow card. If Xhaka had connected with Sargent there, it could have been nasty.,2
sst: M. ØdegaardGOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-1 ARSENAL! The visitors take an early lead! Tierney wins possession for Arsenal high up the pitch and the Gunners find Odegaard. The Norwegian passes to Saka who cuts onto his favoured left foot and calmly slots past Gunn into the far bottom corner.,1
enalty GoalLUKAKU SCORES! He only takes a short run-up but it's a powerful hit from Lukaku who just pauses before taking the penalty. He sends Lopez the wrong way and the ball nestles into the bottom-left corner. 2-2!,1
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7Perez is also brought on in place of Mkhitaryan.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Final change for Inter now and it's Bastoni making way for D'Ambrosio.,0
Roger IbañezRoma · Defender #41There's a change in defence for Roma as Smalling comes on for Ibanez.,0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5There's another change for Inter now as well as Eriksen comes on for Gagliardini.,0
Amadou DiawaraRoma · Midfielder #42Roma make their first change now and it's Diawara making way for Cristante. ,0
Antonio CandrevaInter · Midfielder #87Candreva is the other player to come off with Moses on in his place.,0
Ashley YoungInter · Midfielder #15Young also comes off with Biraghi on for him.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Triple change for Inter now as Conte tries to get his side back into the game. Martinez is the first to make way with Lukaku replacing him.,0
Asst: E. DžekoROMA TAKE THE LEAD! Dzeko's first touch isn't great, but the Inter defenders make a mess of clearing it as Skriniar hits it against De Vrij. It bounces up nicely for Mkhitaryan who made a late run into the box and he fires it over Handanovic into the net. 2-1 Roma!,1
Asst: E. DžekoROMA EQUALISE! Dzeko lays it off to Spinazzola on the left of the box. He drills his shot low across goal and it takes a deflection off De Vrij as it hits the back of the net, but VAR is having a look at this...,1
Barella picks up the first yellow card of the game after catching Mkhitaryan with a late tackle on the edge of the box.,2
sst: A. SánchezINTER TAKE THE LEAD! De Vrij rises highest in the middle of the box to get on the end of Sanchez's corner. He pulls away from Kolarov and heads the ball down into the bottom-left corner and past Lopez. 1-0 Inter! ,1
GOOOAAALLL! Atletico make it 2-0 in stoppage time! Carrasco clinches the three points for the visitors in the 95th minute. They work the ball into the final third and Joao Felix manages to find space on the edge of the box, he tries to curl the ball into the top corner, but it strikes the crossbar and then bounces down and out to Carrasco who was lurking at the far post and he heads home from close range.,1
Lucas OlazaCelta Vigo · Defender #15Celta make a change whilst Torreira is receiving some treatment, with Olaza replaced by Rodriguez.,0
Another booking for Atletico, this time to Herrera who only came onto the pitch a few minutes ago, after his late challenge on Denis Suarez around 40 yards out.,2
Sergio CarreiraCelta Vigo · Defender #34Another Celta substitution now, with Carreira coming off and he has been replaced by Veiga.,0
A yellow card is shown to Aspas for a foul on Joao Felix in the middle of the pitch.,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Fifth and final Atletico change now, with Correa coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Herrera.,0
Felipe is booked for a blatant foul on Aspas as the Celta skipper raced into the Atletico final third, bringing him down and giving away a free-kick.,2
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Atletico respond by making a double substitution of their own, with Lemar coming off and he has been replaced by Llorente.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9The Atletico goalscorer Suarez is also substituted, he is replaced by Carrasco.,0
Santi MinaCelta Vigo · Striker #22Here come the Celta substitutions, the first sees Beltran replaced by Denis Suarez.,0
olito is the latest player to be booked after his poor challenge. ,2
Diego CostaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Atletico make a double substitution, the first is enforced and sees Costa replaced by Joao Felix.,0
Manu SánchezAtlético Madrid · Defender #3The other Atletico change sees Sanchez come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Felipe.,0
eltran is booked for a poor challenge on Koke and the midfielder is the first Celta player to be booked.,2
Diego Costa is booked for a swinging arm after a rough tackle on him from behind by Araujo. No need for the striker to react like that.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Hermoso after he flies into the back of Aspas with a high boot after the striker just gets to the ball first.,2
sst: M. SánchezGOOOAAALLL! Atletico take the lead, it's 1-0 thanks to Suarez! It comes from their first attack of the game, with Koke playing a lovely chipped ball over the top of the Celta defence to Costa, which is then fed through to Sanchez, who gets to the byline and pulls it back to Suarez, who slots it into the back of the net.,1
erratti is shown a late yellow card for his scissor-style tackle on Sidibe. ,2
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Icardi will see out the remainder of the game as Mbappe is withdrawn with two minutes left. ,0
Gelson MartinsMonaco · Midfielder #7Isidor gets five minutes to make his presence felt as Martins makes way for Monaco. ,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27Paredes replaces the yellow carded Gueye as PSG look to hold their lead with nine minutes remaining. ,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11Pochettino opts for more stability in the midfield as Di Maria is also brought off - giving Herrera a chance to play. ,0
Gueye is now shown a yellow card as the match begins to get scrappy. The former PSG midfielder's late challenge to win the ball catches the Monaco player on the ankle - bringing him to the ground in a heap. ,2
artins is shown a yellow card for interfering with Donnarumma during the goalkeeper’s diving parry. The winger had charged through into the penalty area and launched himself towards the ball - catching the Italy international instead. ,2
Sofiane DiopMonaco · Midfielder #37Matazo is in for Diop as Kovac makes a change on the wing. ,0
aripan steps across and catches the ankle of Messi - sending him to the ground. It’s a free-kick in shooting range for PSG while the Monaco defender receives a yellow card.,2
Youssouf FofanaMonaco · Midfielder #22Fofana is replaced five minutes before the hour mark, with Lucas taking his place in midfield. ,0
Wissam Ben YedderMonaco · Striker #10A Monaco change at striker sees Boadu sent on for Ben Yedder. ,0
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14Confirmation of the enforced change as Bernat heads right down the tunnel to receive further treatment in the physio's room. Kehrer is chosen to replace him at full-back. ,0
Caio Henrique Oliveira SilvaMonaco · Defender #12A change at half-time sees a swap of left-backs as Jakobs is on for Henrique. ,0
sst: L. MessiPSG GET A SECOND JUST BEFORE HALF-TIME! Messi plays creator - intercepting a sloppy pass in midfield before driving towards goal, drawing two defenders towards him in the process. The Argentina international looks left and slips a pass through for Mbappe, who cuts inside on his right and dispatches a curling effort that sneaks into the far corner! 2-0!,1
bappe is now shown a yellow card for charging through the back of Diop after the France international lost possession in midfield. It’s a rash and frustrated tackle - worthy of a booking.,2
Fofana comes across and pulls Mbappe down during a counter-attack after the forward won possession inside his own area. It’s a cynical challenge and the referee immediately pulls out the yellow card for the Monaco midfielder.,2
enalty GoalMBAPPE MAKES NO MISTAKE! The France international steps up to the penalty spot and dispatches his effort low to the left corner - beating the goalkeeper easily! 1-0!,1
The referee goes over to the touchline and has a second look at the incident. After review he shows a yellow card to Sidibe and awards PSG a penalty! ,2
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Aaron Ramsey is introduced for the last six minutes in place of Rabiot.,0
Sandro has his name taken for fouling Ghiglione and will have to tread carefully during these latter stages.,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22Chiesa is given a rest by Pirlo as he goes off to be replaced by Arthur.,0
Asst: DaniloMcKENNIE!!! 3-1 JUVENTUS! An immediate impact by the substitute! Within two minutes of coming on, the American international beats the offside trap and races onto a neat through ball, before calmly slotting past Perin from close range.,1
Gianluca ScamaccaGenoa · Striker #9Genoa also turn to the bench as Scamacca is replaced by Filippo Melegoni.,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9A double-change for Juve with the first seeing Paulo Dybala replacing Morata.,0
Dejan KulusevskiJuventus · Midfielder #44Weston McKennie also enters the action with Kulusevski making way.,0
Goran PandevGenoa · Striker #19Pandev is also withdrawn as Eldor Shomurodov takes his place.,0
Nicolò RovellaGenoa · Midfielder #65Another double-change for Genoa. The first sees Rovella replaced by Miha Zajc.,0
Rovella 'takes one for the team' as he pulls back Chiesa and goes into the book.,2
sst: N. RovellaSCAMACCA!!! 2-1! Lifeline for Genoa! The visitors are right back in this contest as Scamacca climbs to meet a corner and firmly plant his header past Szczesny.,1
Valon BehramiGenoa · Midfielder #11Genoa make a double-change at the break. The first sees Behrami make way for Marko Pjaca.,0
Davide BiraschiGenoa · Midfielder #14Biraschi also makes way for the visitors, with Paolo Ghiglione replacing him.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Defender #16Juventus also make a change as Alex Sandro replaces Cuadrado.,0
Kulusevski has his name taken for a body-check on Zappacosta.,2
ORATA!!! 2-0 JUVENTUS! The Bianconeri hit Genoa with a devastating counter! Chiesa leads the charge and his eventual shot is parried into the path of Ronaldo, who somehow hits the post from a couple of yards out. Thankfully, Morata is quickly there to ruthlessly tuck away the rebound.,1
Cuadrado blocks Zappacosta's attempted cross with his arm just outside the box and goes into the book.,2
Asst: J. CuadradoKULUSEVSKI!!! 1-0 JUVENTUS! What a start by the hosts, who make their early pressure tell! Cuadrado demonstrates lovely footwork as he gets the better of Masiello before laying the ball off for Kulusevski, who beats Perin with a well-placed first-time finish.,1
Asst: D. CheryshevGOAL! 5-2 VALENCIA! Wass puts in a deep cross for Gomez who's beaten to the header. The ball ends up with Cheryshev, who drills a low cross into the corridor of uncertainty and Gomez pokes it into the net. That'll be the last act of the game.,1
Valencia are losing their discipline a little. Cheryshev is next to see yellow for fouling Semedo.,2
sst: A. GriezmannGOAL! 5-1 BARCA! Suarez grabs his second! Rakitic's shot from the centre of the box is blocked. It's chipped back in front of goal but there's no Barca man there. Griezmann picks up the pieces and finds Suarez, who smashes it in at the near post from the left of the box. Power and placement at once.,1
Gomez is booked for a nasty-looking foul on Lenglet that leaves the Barca centre-back down injured temporarily. He's lucky that isn't a straight red.,2
Arthur MeloBarcelona · Midfielder #8Arthur also gets the last fifteen minutes or so off. Vidal comes on for him.,0
Rodrigo MorenoValencia · Striker #19Valencia make their last change. Rodrigo, who's faded in the second half, is replaced by Gomez.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21The result's secure now, so Barca are ringing the changes. de Jong gets a rest. Rakitic replaces him. ,0
Ferran TorresValencia · Midfielder #20Next, the 18-year-old South Korean midfielder Lee replaces Torres on the right flank. He's been with Valencia since the age of 10.,0
Gonçalo GuedesValencia · Midfielder #7Valencia are making changes, probably too late. First, Cheryshev comes on for Guedes.,0
sst: ArthurGOAL! 4-1 BARCA! Suarez takes seconds to make his mark! The Uruguayan picks up the ball just outside Valencia's box, stops, feints to shoot for the far post and curls a cheeky shot in at the near instead. Shades of Ronaldinho against Chelsea in 2005 in that. Wonderful.,1
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Striker #31Fati gets a standing ovation as he leaves the field. What a promising performance from the 16-year-old. Suarez replaces him.,0
Alba receives a yellow for tugging back Moreno as he surges down the right wing. It's a textbook booking.,2
OAL! 3-1 BARCA! Barca win a corner off Gaya. Valencia clear. Arthur powers through midfield and passes inside to Griezmann. Cillessen spills Griezmann's shot and it unhelpfully bounces back off the post, and the Barca centre-back is there to finish! Valencia have it all to do again.,1
Rodrigo gets the first yellow card of the game as he treads on de Jong's ankle. It's deserved.,2
sst: RodrigoGAMEIRO'S GOAL STANDS! It's 2-1 Valencia. That could change things. Barcelona have been utterly dominant up to this point.,1
Asst: A. FatiGOAL! 2-0 BARCELONA! The two newcomers Fati and de Jong combine again. This time, Fati cuts in from the left, beating Garay. He cuts back to find de Jong, who arrows the ball high into the net!,1
Asst: F. de JongGOAL! WHAT A START FOR BARCELONA! 1-0! And it's the 16-year-old Fati who gets it! The youngster makes no mistake, finding the bottom right corner from the centre of the box for his second goal in two games.,1
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! A third goal to seal the points!!! Willian attempts a scooped cross into the box, but it's headed half-clear by the Blades. The Brazilian arrives onto the loose ball and smashes a low shot goalwards, which Foderingham gets a hand to but can't keep out of the bottom corner!! 3-1 to Fulham, and three points in the bag for Marco Silva's men.,1
Norwood concedes a free-kick for fouling Wilson and boots the ball away, picking up a late yellow card for his troubles.,2
Cameron ArcherSheffield United · Striker #10Sheffield United also make a change of their own as Rhian Brewster enters the fray in place of Archer up front.,0
Alex IwobiFulham · Midfielder #22A triple change is completed by Marco Silva, as Harrison Reed replaces Iwobi for the final 11 minutes.,0
Carlos ViníciusFulham · Striker #30Carlos Vinicius has held up the ball superbly in the final third, with Rodrigo Muniz coming on for the hosts tasked with something similar, you'd imagine.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Striker #14De Cordova-Reid's opener could well prove crucial if Fulham can hang on here, as Harry Wilson comes on for the Jamaica international.,0
cBurnie and Palhinha come together again, with the Sheffield United striker getting nowhere near the ball as he slides in wildly to concede a free-kick and earn a booking.,2
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Pereira also comes off having been at the heart of all Fulham's good attacking play, and club captain Thomas Cairney will replace the Brazilian in midfield.,0
Issa DiopFulham · Defender #31Diop pulled up injured midway through that Sheffield United attack, and is sadly forced off, with Calvin Bassey taking his place in central defence.,0
Gustavo HamerSheffield United · Midfielder #8That missed chance will be Hamer's last involvement of the game, as he's withdrawn for James McAtee.,0
Luke ThomasSheffield United · Midfielder #14Yasser Larouci is also on at left-wing-back for the Blades, replacing Thomas, who hasn't had the easiest of times down that side so far.,0
Asst: A. PereiraGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Fulham fire themselves ahead!!! Another fast break sees Carlos Vinicius turn and send Pereira away down the left. He scoops a fantastic throughball into the path of De Cordova-Reid, who bides his time before slotting into the bottom corner! The Blades' defence is finally breached, and the hosts lead 1-0 at Craven Cottage!,1
Palhinha slides in late on McBurnie and catches the striker after he's released the ball, and the Fulham pivot receives the game's first yellow card.,2
Chris BashamSheffield United · Defender #6Basham's stretcher heads straight down the tunnel as the crowd rises to applaud him, and Jack Robinson is called into action as we get back under way.,0
Paco AlcácerVillarreal · Striker #17Alcacer heads off after a job well done. The 19-year-old winger Baena will tighten Villarreal up late on.,0
Samuel ChukwuezeVillarreal · Midfielder #11Chukwueze will not get the goal he deserves. Pena slots in on Villarreal's right.,0
Alfonso PedrazaVillarreal · Defender #24Pedraza makes his way off the pitch. Moreno replaces him at left-back for the last few minutes of this tie.,0
Dani ParejoVillarreal · Midfielder #5Villarreal wind down the clock with another substitution. The ex-Arsenal man Coquelin replaces Parejo in central midfield.,0
Kévin Théophile-CatherineDinamo Zagreb · Defender #28Theophile-Catherine's game is also over. Peric replaces him at centre-back.,0
Arijan AdemiDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #5Dinamo make a few more changes. Misic replaces Ademi.,0
Luka IvanušecDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #17Dinamo make an attacking change. The Nigerian midfielder Atiemwen is on for Ivanusec.,0
Asst: B. PetkovićGOAL! VILLARREAL 2-1 DINAMO ZAGREB (3-1 AGG)! Dinamo pull a goal back through a lovely goal from Orsic. Orsic darts inside from the left, playing a sharp one-two with Petkovic in the box before curling the ball past Rulli.,1
Manu TriguerosVillarreal · Midfielder #14Villarreal make a substitution of their own. Gomez comes on for the booked Trigueros.,0
Stefan RistovskiDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #13Next off for Dinamo is Ristovski. Stojanovic is his replacement.,0
Lovro MajerDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #10Here come those Dinamo changes. First off is Majer. Franjic replaces him in midfield.,0
Trigueros picks up a yellow card for an ill-timed challenge on Majer.,2
OAL! VILLARREAL 2-0 DINAMO ZAGREB (3-0 AGG)! Albiol gets forward down the right and crosses low to Alcacer whose shot beats Livakovic and rebounds off the post. The ball rolls out to Gerard who shifts it onto his left foot and arrows it into the bottom left corner.,1
Jakic is booked for an over-aggressive challenge on Parejo. Dinamo look deflated after working hard to keep Villarreal out for most of this half.,2
Asst: S. ChukwuezeGOAL! VILLARREAL 1-0 DINAMO ZAGREB (2-0 AGG)! The goal stands after a lightning transition from Villarreal! Chukwueze was just onside as he darted behind Gvardiol, lured Livakovic off his line and laid off for Alcacer to finish from a few yards out.,1
Asst: I. ToneyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! WISSA WRAPS UP THE GAME!!!! 2-0 BRENTFORD!!!! Wissa collects a pass from Toney and surges through on goal before dispatching his strike past Bazunu. Toney is alert with a sublime flick to release Wissa behind the Southampton defence. He takes a nice touch to burst into the box before calmly slotting his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
Bednarek reacted to Toney's swing with the boot and pushed the forward. He is booked for his part in the melee.,2
Toney is booked for his altercation with Bednarek and Bazunu.,2
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Damsgaard enters the action to replace Jensen in the Brentford midfield.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Mbeumo makes way for Jansson in a move to shore up the Brentford defence.,0
Carlos AlcarazSouthampton · Midfielder #26Alcaraz is withdrawn by the Saints and is replaced by Onuachu.,0
Kevin SchadeBrentford · Striker #9Wissa replaces Schade in the final third for the visitors. He could well have had an assist today had Mbeumo convrted his opening.,0
Kyle Walker-PetersSouthampton · Defender #2Walker-Peters is forced off with an injury and is replaced at right-back by Bree.,0
Mohamed ElyounoussiSouthampton · Midfielder #24Elyounoussi failed to get into the game and is now replaced by Walcott.,0
Ibrahima DialloSouthampton · Midfielder #27Lavia makes his way onto the field to replace Diallo in the middle of the park.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Onyeka replaces Janelt in the middle of the park.,0
Asst: C. NørgaardGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! TONEY CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!!! 1-0 BRENTFORD!!!! The goal had been coming and Toney is alert to steer Norgaard's flick-on into the net from two yards out. Mbeumo angles a perfect cross into the box from the right flank. Norgaard rises at the near post and glances the cross on towards Toney, who reacts and places the ball into an empty net.,1
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Spurs are making their second change as we go into six minutes of stoppage time. Kulusevski is taken off, with Bissouma on for him.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14And De Cordova-Reid is also making way, with Wilson replacing him.,0
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20It's going to be a double change for Fulham, but Mitrovic is staying on. Willian is the first to go off, with Vinicius coming on against his former club.,0
Kenny TeteFulham · Defender #2Second change for Fulham now, and it's Tete that's making way for Solomon.,0
Palhinha was late getting across to Kane and took his leg out from under him. The Spurs players immediately surround the referee to remind him that the midfielder is on a booking, but Bentancur is booked for dissent instead.,2
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Spurs are making their first change now as Richarlison comes on in place of Son.,0
Romero almost catches Mitrovic in the face with his high boot and he's booked for it.,2
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #6Fulham are making the first change as they look to get back into this game. Reed is taken off, with Cairney replacing him.,0
Asst: H. SonKANE SCORES! And becomes Spurs' all-time joint-top scorer! Spurs were starting to up the pressure and Son has space as he advances into the box. He squares it to Kane, who spins away from Ream before curling his shot towards the far post from inside the D. Leno can only watch as it nestles in the bottom corner. 1-0 Spurs!,1
ete nicked the ball off Son, but it meant that the South Korean stepped down onto the side of his leg. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Palhinha slid in with a very late and heavy tackle on Hojbjerg. The referee initially played the advantage, but now goes back to rightfully book him for it.,2
Rico is booked for bundling Traore over after the flying winger made another dangerous foray down the right.  ,2
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Jota is replaced by Vinagre as Wolves look to tighten up with just minutes to go.  ,0
Lewis CookBournemouth · Midfielder #16Lewis Cook is replaced by Gosling as Bournemouth try and energise their tiring midfield. ,0
sst: R. FraserBOURNEMOUTH GET ONE BACK! 2-1! Surely they won't be able to start a comeback? Fraser bends in a delivery from the corner and Steve Cook rises highest at the near post, to glance a deft header across goal and into the far corner with no Wolves defender guarding the post!,1
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Billing - who was already under pressure with a series of fouls and a yellow card - is replaced in midfield by Lerma. ,0
Harry WilsonBournemouth · Striker #22Danjuma comes on for Harry Wilson as Bournemouth look for more energy going forward. ,0
ournemouth's task gets even more difficult! Red card for Francis! Francis pulled back Jota on the edge of the area and while the referee initially plays advantage, once the ball goes out of play he returns to show the defender a second yellow! ,3
sst: AdamaWOLVES GET A SECOND! Bournemouth concede another free-kick 40 yards from goal and this time Neves takes it quickly, sliding Traore in behind the defence down the right before he drives in a low cross for Jimenez to tap in comfortably from five yards! Bournemouth were completely taken by surprise!   ,1
WOLVES TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It's a stunning strike from Moutinho! The midfielder steps up to take the free-kick from a tight angle just outside the box on the left-hand side and it looks like the obvious decision would be to curl a cross in. However, Moutinho had other ideas and he whipped in a fierce shot that curled over the wall and beyond Ramsdale into the far top corner! ,1
rancis is booked now for a cynical slide challenge on Jonny on the edge of the box. ,2
Billing is booked for a cynical trip on Traore off the ball, just as the attacker tried to dart onto a Neves pass. ,2
Saiss is booked for a late challenge on Lewis Cook as the midfielder rolled a pass out towards Fraser. ,2
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Barca make a conservative change with Kessie replacing Raphinha.,0
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Striker #10Meanwhile, Barca replace Fati with Balde in a change that epitomises Xavi's intention to see out this one-goal lead.,0
JuanpeGirona · Defender #15Martin also enters the action with Ramirez making way.,0
Rodrigo RiquelmeGirona · Midfielder #17Girona make a double-change. The first sees Casals replace Riquelme.,0
artinez goes into the book after catching Alba late while looking to maintain Girona's pressure from a corner.,2
Valentín CastellanosGirona · Striker #9A double-change for Girona. The first sees Stuani replace Castellanos.,0
Yan CoutoGirona · Midfielder #20Meanwhile, Couto is unable to continue after picking up a knock. He goes off to be replaced by Villa.,0
sst: J. AlbaPEDRI!!! 1-0 BARCA! The visitors take the lead just after the hour mark. Following a patient build-up, Gazzaniga can only help Alba's inviting cross into the path of Pedri, who makes no mistake in finding the empty net from close range.,1
Yangel HerreraGirona · Striker #21Activity on the Girona bench with Fernandez replacing Herrera.,0
Gavi slides in late on Martinez and has his name taken by the referee.,2
Marcos AlonsoBarcelona · Defender #17Barca make a change at the break with Alba replacing Alonso.,0
astellanos leads with his arm and catches Busquets in the face. He also has his name taken.,2
Fati slides in and catches Gazzaniga late as he looked to keep a Barca attack alive. He subsequently receives the game's first yellow card.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Dembele signals to the bench that he cannot continue. The winger is replaced by Pedri.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Trincao is on for Podence, as Wolves try to see this one out. ,0
a is booked for time wasting, as he takes an age over a goal-kick. ,2
orgaard leaves an elbow in on Moutinho as they challenge for a header on halfway, and he goes into the book. ,2
Shandon BaptisteBrentford · Midfielder #26Baptiste is making way for Forss here, in the aftermath of that goal. ,0
sst: J. MoutinhoGOOOAAALLL!!! 2-1 Wolves!!! Podence slips the ball to Semedo on the byline. His cross is pulled all the way back to Ait Nouri, who ships the ball right to Moutinho. He then tees up Neves to his right, who takes a touch and rifles home a great strike into the bottom corner!,1
It's heating up on the pitch too! Sa collects a corner and barges straight into Toney, bundling the man over! A bit of pushing and shoving ensues, and Jansson is booked for his reaction.  ,2
Asst: B. MbeumoGOOALLL!!!! What a hit!! 1-1! Mbeumo delivers a free-kick from out wide on the right-hand side, and it goes deep all the way to Toney at the far post. He strikes a beautifully sweet, first-time volley into the far corner!,1
RED CARD! Gomes scythes down Rasmussen as Brentford break forward on a threatening counter, and the referee pulls out a straight red card. VAR intervenes however, and he downgrades his decision down to a yellow. ,2
anos rides a few clumsy challenges and surges through midfield. Neves eventually brings him down cynically however, and goes into the referee's book. ,2
Mads RoerslevBrentford · Defender #30Roerslev, who entered the field as a substitute himself, is replaced by Wissa. ,0
Asst: N. SemedoGOOOAALLL!!! 1-0 Wolves!! Moutinho picks up the ball on the edge of the area, plays a quick one-two with Semedo, then thumps the return into the far corner! The keeper is motionless!,1
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Jensen walks straight down the tunnel, and is replaced by Baptiste. ,0
Rico HenryBrentford · Midfielder #3Rico can't continue, and is replaced by Roerslev. ,0
ancelo clashes with Marvin Park and gets a yellow card for his over exuberance in the floor-bound skirmish.,2
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Midfielder #20The booked Sergi Roberto is replaced by Oriol Romeu. Yes, the former Southampton midfielder has traded Saint Mary's for this. That's some upgrade...,0
Sergi CardonaLas Palmas · Defender #3One Cardona comes on, another comes off. Sergi Cardona is replaced by Benito.,0
Sandro RamírezLas Palmas · Midfielder #9It's been a relatively lonely night for Ramirez up front for Las Palmas. He makes way for Marc Cardona.,0
Javier MuñozLas Palmas · Midfielder #5Campana comes on for Munoz as the visitors reach for more energy here.,0
Enzo LoiodiceLas Palmas · Midfielder #12Las Palmas look for a goal from the bench. Loiodice gets replaced by Gonzalez.,0
Lamine YamalBarcelona · Striker #27Ferran Torres emerges for young Yamal. It's the ex-Manchester City man's first action in just over two months due to injury.,0
artinez puts in a clumsy challenge on the right side. He too goes into the book. The visitors' free-kick is harmless and cleared.,2
Sergi Roberto gets booked for a cynical pull-back as Las Palmas try to break on the edge of their box.,2
Asst: J. FélixWOW! Finally, we see a beautiful goal by Barcelona here for 1-0! It's Raphinha, it's poetry. Joao Felix has been light as a feather since coming into the fray in place of Fermin. He dances with the ball down the left-side before cutting across the pitch about 30-yards out. His head's up and he picks out a peach of a ball for his Brazilian team-mate to run on to perfectly and head home into the left side of the net. Superb! Raphinha hardly had to break his stride!,1
Fermín LópezBarcelona · Midfielder #16Fermin makes way for Joao Felix. His development continues, but this game may be seen as a slight blot on his scorecard if Barca don't grab the lead soon...,0
Gundogan goes into the book. It's a little unfortunate, but he's inadvertently kicked Coco. The defender slid in as Gundogan looked to pass in from the right and he connected with the free-kick taking defender's ankle. He's up and ok, and Barcelona look to surge forward once more.,2
ardona can't keep up with Yamal and his lazy lunge on the right touchline is punished with a yellow card.,2
Domingos DuarteGranada · Defender #22Eteki replaces Duarte as Martinez makes his final change of the contest.,0
Dani GarcíaAthletic Club · Midfielder #14San Jose replaces Dani Garcia with around six minutes of this Copa del Rey semi-final first leg to play.,0
Darwin MachísGranada · Midfielder #23Machis is off and Dias on in Granada's second change of the game.,0
Athletic striker Aduriz is booked seconds after being introduced from the bench for a challenge on Duarte.,2
Raúl GarcíaAthletic Club · Striker #22Aduriz, who is desperate to win silverware with Athletic in his final season before retiring, comes on for Raul Garcia up top.,0
oldado takes out Martinez and is shown the fourth yellow card of the first leg.,2
Antonio PuertasGranada · Midfielder #10Granada have made a change at the interval, with Vallejo being brought on in place of Puertas.,0
Asst: I. WilliamsGOOOOOAAAAAAALLL!!!!! ATHLETIC 1-0 GRANADA!!!! Williams brings the ball under control, carries it down the left and squares to Muniain inside the six-yard box for a simple tap-in. Williams appeared to use the upper part of his arm to control the ball so it goes to a VAR check, and the goal is eventually allowed to stand.,1
illiams is cautioned by the referee for his part in the melee.,2
Dani Garcia is shown the first yellow card of the contest for a challenge on Puertas.,2
ickford collects a booking from referee Jonathan Moss for time-wasting.,2
Demarai GrayEverton · Midfielder #11Having made a significant impact on the game, Gray is now replaced by Gomes in the Everton midfield.,0
Jakub ModerBrighton · Midfielder #15Moder is now withdrawn and young Richards is on in his place.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9That's the end of Calvert-Lewin's participation, as Iwobi comes on to replace him - supporting Richarlison up front.,0
icharlison is the second man into the referee's book in short order. With his temper running hot at the moment, the Brazilian appears to be something of a ticking timebomb!,2
fter a few close calls today, Bissouma is finally booked for a reckless foul.,2
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Potter immediately responds to his side's growing deficit; hauling off Lallana and throwing on Welbeck in his place.,0
enalty GoalGOAL! Calvert-Lewin ignores the claims of Richarlison, who clearly wanted the penalty for himself, to fire his spot-kick low and hard past Sanchez into the left side of the net. Everton are now 2-0 ahead!,1
Alexis Mac AllisterBrighton · Midfielder #10Mac Allister has struggled to make an impact and is the victim of Potter's reshuffle, as Veltman comes on to replace him.,0
Asst: AllanEVERTON GO IN FRONT! This time, there is no denying Gray, who sprints clear on the left and takes advantage of Webster's failure to close him down - shooting hard an low beneath Sanchez in the Brighton goal. Hardly a deserved advantage for the visitors just before half-time, but their threat had certainly been growing. EVERTON LEAD 1-0!,1
Jude BellinghamDortmund · Midfielder #22Dortmund make another change now as Bellingham is replaced by Axel Witsel.,0
Luis AlbertoLazio · Midfielder #10The visitors also bring off Alberto and thrown on Gonzalo Escalante to replace him.,0
Sergej Milinković-SavićLazio · Midfielder #21Looking for a late winner, Lazio replace Milinkovic-Savic with Felipe Caicedo now.,0
Thorgan HazardDortmund · Midfielder #10Dortmund make another change now as Hazard cedes his spot to Julian Brandt.,0
Joaquin CorreaLazio · Striker #11The Serie A side also swap out Correa for Andreas Pereira to complete their changes.,0
Lucas LeivaLazio · Midfielder #6Lazio make their first change now as Leiva is replaced by Jean-Daniel Akpa Akpro.,0
Mohamed FarèsLazio · Midfielder #96The visitors also take off Fares for Manuel Lazzari.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! CIRO IMMOBILE LEVELS FOR LAZIO! 1-1! As calm as you like, the striker steps up and sends Burki the wrong way, rolling his effort into the bottom-left corner. Game firmly back on.,1
Raphaël GuerreiroDortmund · Midfielder #13Dortmund make a change now as goalscorer Guerreiro makes way for Nico Schulz in the first swap of the game.,0
Asst: T. HazardGOAL! RAPHAEL GUERREIRO PUTS BORUSSIA DORTMUND IN FRONT! 1-0! Reina distributes a ball to midway and the hosts simply cut back through with a dizzying clutch of one-two plays, releasing the Portuguese into the box to bury a finish past the keeper.,1
Matteo PolitanoInter · Midfielder #16Another new face comes on for Inter as promising striker Lautaro Martinez is brought on for Politano.,0
Iago Falqué SilvaTorino · Striker #14Sasa Lukic comes on for Falque who had a solid match today despite failing to find the back of the net.,0
Šime VrsaljkoInter · Midfielder #2Right back Vrsaljko comes off with Keita Balde taking his place.,0
Kwadwo AsamoahInter · Midfielder #18Asamoah does depart as predicted. Dalbert now enters the fray.,0
Roberto SorianoTorino · Midfielder #6Soriano makes way for Adem Ljajic, who led Torino in assists last season with 10. Can he create the chance to level things up today?,0
sst: I. FalqueGOOALLLL!!! A long ball came over the top to Belotti whose first touch took him around Handanovic and he cooly passed the ball into the back of an empty net! Inter 2-1 Torino,1
ew signing Stefan de Vrij picks up a yellow card for bundling over Soriano, who was trying to run into the box,2
Another yellow for Torino as Moretti came in late through Politano.,2
sst: M. PolitanoGOOAAALLLL!!!! Politano's free kick found de Vrij who rose above the Torino defence, and powered the header past Sirigu! Inter 2-0 Torino,1
Cristian AnsaldiTorino · Midfielder #15Ansaldi does indeed have to depart with his leg injury as Chelsea loanee Ola Aina takes his place.,0
Asst: M. IcardiGOOOALLL!!! Perisic was running away from goal, shot across both his and the keeper's body and generated enough power to finds the back of the net! Inter 1-0 Torino,1
Cédric SoaresFulham · Defender #12Cedric comes off having been impressive in his first start for Fulham, and Kenny Tete will replace the Portuguese at right-back.,0
Harry WilsonFulham · Midfielder #8Harry Wilson is also replaced, and Willian, who scored at against Leeds at Elland Road in this season's Premier League, will see out the game in his place.,0
Manor SolomonFulham · Midfielder #11A triple change coming for Fulham, the first of which sees second, and likely sealing goalscorer Solomon replaced by Bobby De Cordova-Reid.,0
João PalhinhaFulham · Midfielder #26Palhinha's thunderbolt of an opener sent Fulham on their way, and the ever-impressive summer signing is replaced late on by Harrison Reed.,0
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8Roca is next off for the visitors, as Brenden Aaronson joins the action to give Leeds an all-American midfield trio.,0
Aleksandar MitrovićFulham · Striker #9Mitrovic has been lively and involved in everything on his return to the side, and comes off now for Carlos Vinicius having set up the Cottagers' second goal.,0
Wilfried GnontoLeeds United · Striker #29Gnonto also comes off having struggled to create much down a packed left channel, and he'll be replaced by Jack Harrison.,0
Georginio RutterLeeds United · Striker #24Rutter has been arguably Leeds' brightest spark so far, and was harshly denied a first-half opener. He comes off now though, with Patrick Bamford on to lead the line.,0
Asst: A. MitrovićGOOOOAAAALLL!!! It's another sumptuous finish, and Fulham are in firm control now!!! A cross from the right is only head half-clear by Ayling, and Solomon recovers it. He plays a one-two with Mitrovic, before curling a peach of an effort into the far corner!! A fantastic goal from a player bang in-form, and Fulham lead 2-0!!,1
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! What a hit that was!!! Fulham lose the ball in midfield but Palhinha quickly wins it back, before unleashing a 30-yard pinger that catches Meslier off-guard as it sails into the top corner!!! The ambition to try his luck from there, and boy did it pay off as Fulham thunder into a 1-0 lead!,1
Alexis Mac AllisterBrighton · Midfielder #10Mac Allister departs as Propper joins the action for Brighton. ,0
Ivan CavaleiroFulham · Striker #17A double substitution is made by the visitors. The first sees Mitrovic replace Cavaleiro.,0
Kenny TeteFulham · Midfielder #2Bryan replaces Tete at the same time for the away side. ,0
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #21The first change of the evening comes as Lemina replaces Reed. That feels a bit harsh on the departing midfielder as he's had a very solid game in the centre of the park for the visitors. ,0
Reed is the next to be booked. The midfielder pulled down Gross on the break. ,2
Mac Allister is shown a yellow card after pulling back Anguissa who was marauding forward on the counter-attack for Fulham. ,2
issouma is booked after flying into a tackle with Cavaleiro. The Fulham players weren't happy with that one. ,2
Asst: K. MbappeGOOOAAALLL! PSG finally get their third goal of the game, to make it 3-0! Once again Nice are opened up by the Champions, they just haven't been able to cope with the pace of Mbappe, who raced through on goal and then squared the ball to Neymar, who comfortably fired the ball into the back of the net.,1
Bernat is shown a yellow card for a very late challenge on Srarfi, a poor challenge.,2
Myziane MaolidaNice · Striker #26Nice make their third and final substitution, with Maolida replaced by Srarfi.,0
Moussa DiabyPSG · Midfielder #27The other change for the visitors sees Diaby head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Choupo-Moting.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11PSG make a double substitution, the first change sees Di Maria replaced by Verratti.,0
bappe is the first PSG player to be shown a yellow card this afternoon.,2
RED CARD! Nice are down to 10 men as Cyprien is shown a second yellow card and is given his marching orders after a collision with Neymar. It looks like the Nice man elbowed Neymar in the face and that is why the referee has sent him off. The home crowd are not impressed, they feel that the PSG man is making the most of the challenge.,3
Christopher NkunkuPSG · Midfielder #24Nkunku felt the full force of the challenge by Dante and he has had to come off, he is replaced by Bernat.,0
Dante is the second Nice player to be shown a yellow card, after his late challenge on Nkunku.,2
GOOOAAALLL! PSG double their lead, it's 2-0! What a start to the second half by PSG, just as Nice had made the attacking change to try and get back into the game. Mbappe was played through on goal, he tries to go around the keeper but his shot is blocked. However, the rebound falls perfectly to Nkunku who side footed the ball into the back of the net.,1
Racine ColyNice · Midfielder #12Nice have made an attacking substitution at the break, with Coly replaced by Balotelli.,0
Jean-Victor MakengoNice · Midfielder #27Here is the enforced Nice change, with Makengo unable to continue and he has been replaced by Cyprien.,0
Asst: M. DiabyGOOOAAALLL! PSG lead 1-0! Neymar with a superb strike from the edge of the box, curling the ball into the bottom corner of the net after little pressure by the Nice defence. It all came from a strong run down the right wing by Nkunku, he pulled the ball back to Mbappe on the edge of the box, but Mbappe got his control all wrong, so it came out to Diaby, who played it off to Neymar and he had plenty of time to pick his spot, firing PSG into the lead.,1
Riyad MahrezMan City · Midfielder #26Guardiola makes a change, seemingly to sap time off the clock as Mahrez is off for Sterling. ,0
alvert-Lewin goes into a two-footed tackle on Fernandinho in an attempt to win the ball, but the striker takes the man out and earns a yellow card.,2
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Foden's number is put up on the board as David Silva enters the match with seven minutes remaining. ,0
Davies catches Foden on the top the foot with his studs - earning him a yellow card.,2
VERTON ARE BACK IN THE MATCH! 2-1! It’s woefully poor from Bravo, who attempts to clear the ball from inside his penalty area, miskicking it and gifting it right back to Kean. The substitute slaloms into the penalty area and shifts it to Calvert-Lewin, whose low cross to the far post is turned in by Richarlison! ,1
elph lunges into a challenge and takes Cancelo down after two swings of the leg. It’ll be a yellow card for the former Manchester City midfielder.,2
Séamus ColemanEverton · Defender #23Ancelotti makes his first Everton change immediately after going down two - as Walcott replaces Coleman. ,0
sst: R. MahrezCITY DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! It’s a typical passing move as Foden finds Mahrez in a central position, and the winger slips a pass through to his left for Jesus. Holgate is unable to get back into position in time as the striker fires his shot into the near corner!,1
sst: İ. GündoğanMANCHESTER CITY TAKE THE LEAD! Gundogan leads Jesus with a pass into the penalty area, but the striker adds his own flair - turning Holgate inside-out before working enough room to put a curling shot into the top-right corner! 1-0!,1
De Bruyne gets into the Everton half driving towards goal, but Mina clumsily takes the midfielder down - earning the defender a yellow card.,2
Harry KaneTottenham · Striker #10Kane goes straight off the pitch with the medical team as Skipp comes on in his place.,0
Moisés CaicedoBrighton · Midfielder #25And Gilmour is also on to replace Caicedo.,0
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34Brighton are making a double change as they look for a late equaliser. Veltman is the first to go off, with Lamptey on for him.,0
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Brighton's second change sees Lallana come on in place of Gross.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7The Spurs fans don't sound too happy that Son is being taken off the pitch, but he's replaced by Perisic.,0
Yves BissoumaTottenham · Midfielder #38Spurs are making their first change now. Bissouma, who is on a yellow card, goes off for Richarlison.,0
Pervis EstupiñánBrighton · Midfielder #30Brighton are making the first change of the game, and it's Estupinan that's taken off for Mitoma.,0
Veltman slid in on Son, taking out the man and just missing the ball. The booking is possibly more for his protests against the free-kick being awarded.,2
It's a late one from Bissouma, who steps across Mac Allister to try and block the pass and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: H. SonKANE SCORES! Son's corner is cleared, but Brighton only get it as far as Hojbjerg, who plays it straight back to the forward. He wrongfoots Trossard to loop it back into the near post and Kane glances his header past Sanchez and into the far side of the net. 1-0 Spurs!,1
Kane was trying to get away from Veltman and when the ball bounced, he used his hand to drag it away from the defender. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Guardiola does his best to see out this result with a defensive change. Foden is given a breather with Akanji coming on to bolster the defence.,0
Tom LockyerLuton Town · Defender #4Luton make another change as we enter the last 60 seconds of regulation time. Clark comes on with Lockyer the player to make way.,0
Ryan GilesLuton Town · Midfielder #26There is also activity on the Luton bench. It is an attacking change with Chong introduced in favour of Giles.,0
Mateo KovačićMan City · Midfielder #8City make another change with Kovacic given a breather by Guardiola. Nunes replaces him for the final seven minutes.,0
Doughty drags back Kovacic to halt a lovely passing move by City. The Luton wing-back is booked for his troubles.,2
Rodri is the first City player into the book after he trips Mengi, who was threatening to advance on a strong run for Luton.,2
Marvelous NakambaLuton Town · Midfielder #13Nakamba, who is on a yellow card, is also withdrawn by Edwards. Lokonga goes on in his place.,0
Andros TownsendLuton Town · Striker #30Luton turn to the bench and make a couple of changes. The first sees Townsend make way to be replaced by Morris.,0
Joško GvardiolMan City · Defender #24City make their first change of the game. Gvardiol makes way to be replaced by Stones.,0
Asst: J. ÁlvarezGREALISH!!! 2-1 CITY! The reigning champions have turned things around! Alvarez intercepts possession and darts into space to receive Foden's throughball. The Argentina forward then whips it across the area towards the far post, where an unmarked Grealish tucks past Kaminski.,1
SILVA!!! 1-1! City are level! Rodri embarks on a strong run into the Luton area. He is stopped in his tracks by Lockyer, but the ball falls kindly for Silva, who whips a bending first-time effort beyond Kaminski and into the far corner.,1
Nakamba receives the first yellow card of the game after a foul on Silva. He will now have to tread carefully.,2
Asst: A. TownsendADEBAYO!!! 1-0 LUTON! Kenilworth Road goes wild as the hosts break the deadlock just before half-time. Luton launch a late counter with Doughty leading the charge down the right. He feeds Townsend, who whips a dangerous ball to the far post, where Adebayo rises to nod home.,1
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7Mayoral replaces Pellegrini for the home side.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Midfielder #10Chiellini replaces Dybala for the closing stages of the game to shore up the Juve defence after De Ligt's dismissal.,0
e Ligt does handle the ball in the box and the referee dismisses the defender for two bookable offences.,3
Jordan VeretoutRoma · Midfielder #17Perez replaces Veretout for the home side for the closing stages of the game.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! DE SCIGLIO BLASTS HOME A STRIKE!!!!!!! 4-3 JUVENTUS !!!!!!!! AN INCREDIBLE JUVE COMEBACK!!!!!! Smalling makes an error at the back as he attempts to clear a ball over the top from Dybala. He nods his attempted clearance into the path of De Sciglio, who bursts past the Roma defender. The full-back takes on the strike first-time and hammers an effort on the half-volley into the bottom-left corner.,1
ristante goes into the book for a challenge on Dybala, catching the forward with a stray arm. ,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KULUSEVSKI'S EFFORT IS AWARDED BY VAR!!!!!! 3-3!!!!!!! Juve have come back to level the scores for the second time in the contest as Kulusevski finds the net with a deflected strike. Morata causes havoc in the box as he sees his shot blocked after latching on to a cross from Cuadrado. Kulusevski pounces on the rebound and blasts a strike into the back of the net courtesy of a deflection from Ibanez.,1
Felix Afena-GyanRoma · Midfielder #64Shomurodov replaces Afena-Gyan in the final third for the home side.,0
Asst: A. MorataGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! LOCATELLI GIVES JUVE A LIFELINE!!!!!!! 3-2!!!!!!! The visitors are back in the game as Locatelli guides a pinpoint header past Patricio. Morata does extremely well down the right flank and clips a cross into the box. Locatelli drifts between Ibanez and Smalling before placing his effort into the top-left corner away from the Roma keeper. Game on.,1
Locatelli brings down Mkhitaryan from behind with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Bentancur makes way for the Bianconeri and is replaced by Arthur in the middle of the park.,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Kean is withdrawn after a poor performance in the final third and is replaced by Morata.,0
HAT A GOAL!!!!!!! PELLEGRINI SCORES A STUNNER FROM A FREE-KICK!!!! 3-1 ROMA!!!!!! The home side extend their advantage courtesy of a special effort from 25 yards from Pellegrini. He curls his right-footed strike over the wall and away from the outstretched hand of Szczesny into the top-left corner. A super finish from the midfielder.,1
e Ligt races back with Afena-Gyan on the counter. He almost wins the ball with a challenge, but he handles the ball on the deck in the process of his tackle and gives away a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
banez catches Dybala with a late challenge and hands Juve a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Veretout brings down Locatelli on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: L. PellegriniGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MKHITARYAN'S DEFLECTED STRIKE LOOPS INTO THE NET!!!!!!! 2-1 ROMA!!!!!! The home side regain the lead through an element of fortune as Mkhitaryan's strike deflects off De Sciglio and into the top-left corner. Pellegrini plays the Armenia international into space on the edge of the box and he is afforded space and time to shoot. His right-footed effort hits the legs of De Sciglio and travels away from Szczesny into the net. A huge moment in the game.,1
Cuadrado slides in hard on Afena-Gyan and goes into the book. Roma have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22Kulusevski replaces the injured Chiesa on the left flank for the Bianconeri.,0
Asst: F. ChiesaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DYBALA EQUALISES WITH A FINE STRIKE!!!!!! 1-1!!!!! Juve are back in the game through an exquisite strike from Dybala. Cheisa runs down the left flank and spots the Argentina international in acres of room on the edge of the box. He picks out the Juve skipper before Dybala curls a sublime effort from 20 yards away from Patricio into the bottom-left corner.,1
sst: J. VeretoutGOALLLLLLL!!!!! ABRAHAM HEADS ROMA IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!! The forward rises in the box to nod a close-range header past Szczesny. Veretout puts his corner delivery from the left on the money. Abraham finds space in the six-yard box and directs his header away from the Juve keeper into the bottom-right corner. A fine effort.,1
Inter's substitute Carboni picks up a late booking for an ill-timed challenge on Sabitzer.,2
Stanisic is shown the yellow card for unfairly impeding Dzeko down Inter's right.,2
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Bayern use their last change of the game to bring on another youth product, the 16-year-old midfielder Wanner. Off comes Coman.,0
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6De Vrij gets an early rest too. Skriniar takes the Dutchman's place at centre-back for Inter.,0
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #11Inter seem to have realised the jig is up. Carboni takes Correa's place on the pitch.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Scoring is Choupo-Moting's last act of the game. The 17-year-old French forward Tel replaces him.,0
Asst: A. DaviesGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 2-0 INTER! Choupo-Moting blasts Bayern into a two-goal lead, receiving a pass from Davies to find the top left corner from distance. Onana wasn't keeping that one out.,1
Sadio ManéBayern · Midfielder #17Mane heads off next. On comes Gnabry for Bayern.,0
Noussair MazraouiBayern · Defender #40Bayern bring on more fresh legs. Musiala takes Mazraoui's place on the pitch.,0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Gagliardini's the next Inter player to make way. Çalhanoglu takes his place in midfield.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10The ineffectual Martinez is the last Inter player to go off for now. He must regret his first-half miss. Dzeko replaces him.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Here are those Inter changes. Barella's hooked first. On comes Mkhitaryan.,0
immich lands his name in the referee's book for a bad tackle on Bellanova.,2
Dayot UpamecanoBayern · Defender #2Bayern make a half-time substitution. Davies replaces Upamecano.,0
osen gets a yellow card of his own for a tactical foul.on Coman.,2
Sabitzer's shown the game's first yellow card for a late tackle on Darmian. He'll miss Bayern's next match in the round of 16.,2
sst: J. KimmichGOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 1-0 INTER! This goal is as simple as they come. Kimmich whips the corner in. Pavard gets the better of his marker and nods the ball down into the turf and up into the net.,1
HERNANDEZ SCORES! Costa's cross into the box is cut out by Ramalho, but his clearance falls to Hernandez. He takes a touch before firing his shot back across goal and he picks out the top corner. 6-2 Bayern! ,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Gnabry is also taken off and replaced by Costa.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Double change from Bayern now and Muller is being brought off for Musiala.,0
sst: J. MartinezBAYERN HAVE A FIFTH! It's a great cross from Martinez to pick out Lewandowski at the far post and the forward rises above his defenders to reach it. His header loops over Stankovic and nestles in the far bottom corner. 5-2 Bayern!,1
Mwepu is booked after he sticks out a hand to hold off Hernandez and catches the defender in the face.,2
Asst: J. KimmichSANE SCORES! It's a brilliant goal from the substitute to give Bayern some breathing space. Sane is played in by Kimmich and he turns away from Mwepu and curls his shot into the top far corner of the goal. 4-2 Bayern!,1
Asst: J. KimmichBOATENG SCORES! The corner is swung into the box and Boateng gets goal side of Kristensen. He rises above the defender and heads the ball past Stankovic and into the bottom corner. 3-2 Bayern! ,1
Mergim BerishaRB Salzburg · Midfielder #8Third change for Salzburg now as Marsche brings on Onguene for Berisha.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29And Coman is the other player to be brought off, with Sane on in his place.,0
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24Tolisso is also making way, with Martinez replacing him.,0
Benjamin PavardBayern · Defender #5Flick is making a triple change now as his team tries to regain the lead. Pavard is the first to come off, with Sarr on for him.,0
nabry goes to ground in the box but he's booked as the referee sees it as a dive.,2
Asst: A. RamalhoOKUGAWA EQUALISES! He hasn't evem been on the field for a minute and he's pulled Salzburg level! He turns away from Boateng and coolly sends his effort past Neuer, who comes rushing off his line. 2-2! ,1
Sékou KoïtaRB Salzburg · Striker #7Koita is also brought off, with Okafor on for him.,0
Zlatko JunuzovićRB Salzburg · Midfielder #16There's a double change for Salzburg now and Junuzovic is the first to make way for Okugawa.,0
Camara is struggling to stop Tolisso's run and ends up bringing him down just outside the box which earns him a yellow card.,2
avard picks up the yellow card after a late challenge on Berisha.,2
enalty GoalLEWANDOWSKI SCORES! He steps up to take the penalty and slots his penalty into the bottom-right corner. He sends the goalkeeper the wrong way and Bayern are level. 1-1!,1
ALZBURG LEAD! Berisha is in space on the left of the box and he gets a bit lucky as Koita's shot is deflected into his path off Alaba. He takes a touch before slotting it past Neuer at his near post and into the back of the net. 1-0 Salzburg!,1
nother foul, and another Leeds player in the book, as Koch tugs at the shirt of Watkins before being penalised and yellow carded by the referee.,2
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Ramsey's next off for Villa, who go for a more attacking option in Danny Ings, hoping to find a late winner to this cagey encounter.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Harrison's off in Leeds' next change, and Crysencio Summerville will see out the game.,0
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Aaronson is also withdrawn by Jesse Marsch (from afar), with Mateusz Klich coming into the midfield.,0
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Rodrigo's seen almost none of the ball in this second half, and Patrick Bamford takes his place up front.,0
Rasmus KristensenLeeds United · Defender #25Leeds make a double change, with Kristensen off first for a face-mask donning Luke Ayling.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Striker #31That foul is Bailey's last action, as he's brought off for Emi Buendia in Villa's first change of the half.,0
Bailey loses out to Harrison, who races up-field with the ball, but he's clipped from behind by the Villa winger and he is booked.,2
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8Roca comes off in Leeds' first change, with Junior Firpo coming on to make his first appearance of the season.,0
RED CARD!!! After a foul on Ramsey, play stops and Villa prepare to take the free-kick. Sinisterra doesn't retreat 10 yards from the free-kick, and so the referee pulls out another and sends him off! Harsh indeed, but rules are rules, and Leeds go down to 10 men!,3
Ludwig AugustinssonAston Villa · Defender #17Augustinsson is forced off by that injury, and Jan Bednarek takes his place in the back four, also making his debut. Young will likely move into left-back following this change.,0
Rodrigo is yellow carded for Leeds after expressing his frustration about Villa's aggressive challenges, and becomes the third Leeds player to be booked.,2
oca slides in to win a 50-50, but catches Watkins extremely late, and is rightfully booked by the referee.,2
Sinisterra attempts to find Aaronson running into the box, but the pass is cut out by McGinn, who is subsequently fouled by Leeds' Colombian winger, who is booked by the referee as a result.,2
Koch hits a pass down the line for Kristensen, but he's brought down by Augustinsson, who picks up a sixth-minute booking on his Villa debut.,2
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Guess who's back! Eder Militao makes an early return from an anterior cruciate ligament injury, and replaces Vazquez in Madrid's defence for the final seconds of the match!,0
Dani RodríguezMallorca · Midfielder #14With Mallorca needing a goal, Canada striker Cyle Larin enters the fray late, replacing Rodriguez out wide to give Los Piratas three out-and-out striking options in the final stages of this contest!,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Another change coming late for Los Blancos, as Modric is withdrawn for another veteran in the form of Dani Carvajal.,0
Lunin's the latest player to see yellow, having wasted all the time he could before taking a Real Madrid goal-kick!,2
he referee brings play back to show Muriqi a yellow card, likely for a prior foul or some back-chat that the official wasn't fond of!,2
Pablo MaffeoMallorca · Defender #15Nemanja Radonjic is on in Mallorca's latest change, and will replace Maffeo out wide with little over 12 minutes left on the clock for Los Piratas to rescue a result.,0
Jude BellinghamReal Madrid · Midfielder #5Eduardo Camavinga also comes on, and slots into Madrid's midfield in place of Bellingham.,0
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Midfielder #21That missed chance will be Diaz's last contribution, as he's replaced in the attack by Vinicius Junior for Los Blancos.,0
Samú CostaMallorca · Midfielder #12Sergi Darder also enters the fray for Mallorca, taking Costa's place in central midfield for the final half-hour or so.,0
Manu MorlanesMallorca · Midfielder #8Morlanes is also withdrawn in midfield, and it's a like-for-like switch as Omar Mascarell comes on in his place.,0
Antonio SánchezMallorca · Midfielder #18A trio of substitutions coming up for the hosts, the first of which sees Abdon Prats replace Sanchez in Los Piratas' attack.,0
GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! A thunderous strike gives Los Blancos an immediate second-half lead!! There's not much happening for Tchouameni, who decides to go for goal from 30 yards out and lets fly with a powerful strike. Morlanes steps in to block, but it takes a wicked deflection off the midfielder and flies past Rajkovic into the top-right corner!! A bolt from the blue, but one that puts Madrid 1-0 up in Mallorca!,1
Bellingham drops deep to spark an attack from midfield but Raillo is all over him, dragging the Madrid midfielder back by his shirt and earning a yellow card for his troubles.,2
MarlosShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #11Marlos also makes way as Antonio races onto the pitch.,0
TetêShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #14Konoplyanka is given just three minutes of action, as he replaces Tete.,0
Mancini is booked for a rash challenge, and the referee suggests he is lucky to get it now, after claiming that is his fourth foul of the evening.,2
TaisonShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #7Taison is hauled to the bench after his yellow card, with Solomon coming on in his place.,0
Alan PatrickShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #21Patrick makes way for Shakhtar as Sudakov is given 11 minutes to impress.,0
Amadou DiawaraRoma · Midfielder #42Diawara has done well to say he has been carrying an injury and he is given a rest and replaced by Ibanez.,0
Leonardo SpinazzolaRoma · Midfielder #37Spinazzola's night is also over, replaced by Peres for the final 12 minutes.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7Fonseca has seen enough, and he is now replacing his crown jewels. Pellegrini is the first man to be subbed, with Perez his replacement.,0
Asst: B. CristanteGOAAALLLLL - ROMA 3-0 SHAKHTAR - Mancini seals the deal as he heads into the net from the resulting corner. Cristante met the cross at the near post, and his flick-on found his fellow centre-back. Mancini jumped above his marker to head home, and that is game set and match!,1
Júnior MoraesShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #10Shakhtar turn to their bench as Dentinho replaces Moraes.,0
aison now joins him in the referee's book as several players surrounded the official.,2
Maycon has gone berserk after Roma's second goal, and he is booked for dissent.,2
Asst: B. MayoralGOAAALLLL - ROMA 2-0 SHAKHTAR - A sensational solo run from El Shaarawy puts Roma two in front, and that is a stunning finish from the substitute. He managed to stay onside and race onto Mayoral's pass, but El Shaarawy still had plenty to do. He danced past two defenders before lobbing Trubin, and Roma look set to win this now. ,1
PedroRoma · Midfielder #11Pedro's night is now over as he is replaced by El Shaarawy in midfield.,0
Patrick now joins him after a strong challenge on Diawara, who is down receiving treatment.,2
Kumbulla becomes the first player to be booked tonight as he clips Moraes from behind, and he knew what he was doing. Shakhtar were readying a counter-attack, but Kumbulla ended that with a clumsy challenge.,2
Henrikh MkhitaryanRoma · Striker #77Sadly for Roma, Mkhitaryan has been unable to shake off his injury and he is now replaced by Mayoral.,0
sst: PedroGOAAALLLLLL - ROMA 1-0 SHAKHTAR - The pressure finally tells, and Pellegrini fires Roma into the lead. Shakhtar went to sleep at the back, and Pedro raced forward before splitting the defence with a pass to his team-mate. Pellegrini took one touch before prodding the ball past Trubin. He made that look so easy!!,1
Luiz handles the ball just outside of the box! Slavia will have a free-kick from a near perfect shooting position.,2
PedroChelsea · Striker #11Pedro, who was involved in four goals on the day, is replaced by Hudson-Odoi.,0
Jaromír ZmrhalSlavia Praha · Midfielder #8Slavia make their final substitution as Skoda replaces Zmrhal.,0
epa picks up a yellow card for delaying the goal-kick for far more time than the referee deemed appropriate.,2
Petr ŠevčíkSlavia Praha · Midfielder #23Sevcik is withdrawn after contributing two fantastic goals today. Stoch will now enter the fray.,0
Emerson sees his name go into the book after going through a Slavia player for a header.,2
Ross BarkleyChelsea · Midfielder #8It seems Sarri noticed his side losing the midfield as well as he brings on Jorginho to sort things out. Barkley is the player to make way.,0
Eden HazardChelsea · Striker #10Hazard is brought off early as expected. Willian, who leads the competition in assists, will now come on.,0
Asst: T. SoučekGOALLLL!!!!! SLAVIA GET ANOTHER BACK! It's Sevcik who scores a goal that's even better than his first! He found a pocket of space and smashed the ball with his right foot and buried it in the top-left corner! That's two wonder goals from the Slavia man to get them right back into this match! Chelsea 4-3 Slavia (agg. 5-3),1
Soucek pulls Barkley back in midfield and picks up a yellow for his efforts.,2
Lukáš MasopustSlavia Praha · Striker #28Slavia make the first substitution as striker Masopust is withdrawn in favour of Olayinka.,0
Asst: T. SoučekGOOALLLL!!! SLAVIA SCORE A SECOND! Sevcik collected the ball just outside the box, shifted it onto his left foot, and fired a shot with the outside of his boot that had too much pace and movement for Kepa! Game ever so slightly back on! Chelsea 4-2 Slavia (agg. 5-2),1
ante fouls Boril in the defensive half, and the Chelsea man picks up a rare yellow card.,2
GOOALLLL! CHELSEA SCORE AGAIN! Hazard and Emerson combine well down the left with the latter whipping in a low ball to Giroud whose inital shot is blocked, but the rebound fell to Pedro who put the ball past a flailing Kolar! Chelsea 4-1 Slavia (agg. 5-1),1
Asst: P. ŠevčíkGOOALLLL!!!!! SOUCEK GETS SLAVIA A GOAL BACK! After the corner from Deli's effort the ball wound up in the air and Soucek made sure his header found the back of the net! Can they get back into this one?! Chelsea 3-1 Slavia (agg. 4-1),1
Asst: PedroGOOOALLLL!!!! CHELSEA ARE UP THREE! Kante found Pedro with a piercing through ball and the Spaniard delayed, pulling the 'keeper off his line before laying the ball off to Giroud who finished into an empty net. Slavia would have needed a miracle to get back into the match before this goal. Now they need more than that. Chelsea 3-0 Slavia (agg 4-0),1
Asst: O. GiroudGOOALLLLL!!!! Chelsea have opened the scoring! After a lovely bit of play Giroud chipped a pass through the backline and into the path of Pedro who shot from a tight angle and saw his effort cross the line right before it made contact with a Slavia defender! Well worked goal from the hosts! Chelsea 1-0 Slavia (agg. 2-0),1
McTominay is involved in an altercation with Maupay and goes into the book.,2
aupay is also shown a yellow card for his part in the scuffle with McTominay.,2
Asst: I. ToneyAJER!!! 1-1! BRENTFORD ARE LEVEL IN THE DYING SECONDS! With one of the final attacks in this game, the Bees launch the ball into the box. Toney controls well and drills it across the area, where the unmarked Ajer is on hand to slot home.,1
sst: CasemiroMOUNT!!! 1-0 UNITED! It's the late, late show again from the visitors! What a time to score your first goal for the club! Following a couple of scrappy challenges, the ball drops kindly for Casemiro, who slides through Mount on the edge of the box. The former Chelsea midfielder takes a touch, before sweeping past Flekken.,1
Keane Lewis-PotterBrentford · Midfielder #23Ghoddos also comes on for the dying minutes with Lewis-Potter the player withdrawn.,0
Mads RoerslevBrentford · Midfielder #30Brentford make another double-change. Maupay is introduced in place of Roerslev.,0
Zanka goes into the book for a rash challenge near the halfway line.,2
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford also makes way for the visitors as Mount comes on for his first Premier League appearance since November.,0
Kobbie MainooMan United · Midfielder #37United make two changes. The first sees youth replaced by experience as Mainoo makes way for Casemiro.,0
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Brentford make a double-change. The first sees Wissa make way to be replaced by Mbeumo.,0
Yegor YarmolyukBrentford · Midfielder #33The other sees Damsgaard introduced in place of Yarmoliuk.,0
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2Lindelof is unable to continue and makes way to be replaced by the returning Martinez.,0
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #17United make a change as Garnacho makes way to be replaced by Antony.,0
Raphaël VaraneMan United · Defender #19United make a defensive change at the break with Maguire coming on to replace Varane.,0
Frustrated at the referee's decision not to award him a free-kick, Wissa then catches Fernandes late and goes into the book.,2
Wan-Bissaka catches Roerslev with a late sliding challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Havertz is next off for Chelsea having been isolated up front for much of this game, and Christian Pulisic will replace the Germany forward for the final stages.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekChelsea · Midfielder #12Carney Chukwuemeka is also on for the Blues, replacing Loftus-Cheek in central midfield as Chelsea continue to hang on at the Etihad.,0
Lewis HallChelsea · Midfielder #67Chelsea also make changes late on, with Hall, arguably their most impressive player in this game, withdrawn for the introduction of Kalidou Koulibaly.,0
Aymeric LaporteMan City · Defender #14Laporte also comes off for the Citizens, and Rodri will slot into the defence for the latter stages of this game.,0
Sergio GómezMan City · Midfielder #21More changes coming for City as they bring on further members of their title-winning team. Former Chelsea midfielder Kevin De Bruyne is next on, replacing Gomez for the hosts.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Having just been denied a second in this game, City bring on a man who lives and breathes goals. Erling Haaland replaces Mahrez, with the Norwegian no doubt in the mood to add to his record-breaking 36 in this campaign.,0
Conor GallagherChelsea · Midfielder #23Gallagher also comes off for Chelsea, and Mykhailo Mudryk will replace the England midfielder as the visitors switch to a front three.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Striker #17Chelsea make their first changes with both coming in the attacking three, as Noni Madueke comes on to replace Sterling for the Blues.,0
allagher leaves a late foot in on Gomez, and the referee blows for a foul. Fernandez, however, isn't happy and boots the ball away, resulting in a booking for dissent from the official.,2
Manuel AkanjiMan City · Defender #25City make their first change as summer signing Akanji is applauded off by the home fans, and John Stones, who has been re-invented in Guardiola's 3-2-4-1 system this season, is on for the champions.,0
Havertz clatters into Phillips off the ball, and is shown the first yellow card of the game for his challenge on the former Leeds midfielder.,2
Asst: C. PalmerGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Let the party begin!! City win possession with ease in the centre of midfield and Palmer strides forward untouched. He finds Alvarez just inside the area, who has all the time in the world to slot the ball beneath Kepa and into the far corner! 1-0 to City, and a goal of sheer quality from the champions!,1
he referee Paul Tierney balances things out by also showing a yellow card to De Gea for his part in the coming together.,2
he first flashpoint of the match comes in the final minute of the match. Mitrovic is unhappy with De Gea after the Spain keeper questioned his decision to nudge him, and he earns a caution for getting in his opponent's face.,2
Ander HerreraMan United · Midfielder #21Herrera is the man to make way for Bailly in the final alteration of the day. Bailly will move to the right of a three-man backline.,0
Joe BryanFulham · Defender #23Sessegnon takes over from Bryan down the left, giving Fulham something different out side for the closing stages.,0
Ryan BabelFulham · Midfielder #12Seconds after wasting that decent opportunity at the back post, Babel is replaced by Cairney.,0
Paul PogbaMan United · Midfielder #6There will be no hat-trick for Pogba as he is replaced by McTominay for the final 15 minutes or so in West London.,0
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #11Sanchez, one of the rare players who has not really improved under Solskjaer, is brought on for Martial for the final 20 minutes.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOAAAAALLL!!! FULHAM 0-3 MAN UNITED! Pogba picks out the bottom corner to get the better of Rico, who chooses the right way but is unable to get a touch to the ball. The three points are heading back to Old Trafford.,1
André SchürrleFulham · Midfielder #14Christie is on for Schurrle, likely meaning a change in formation. Fulham are expected to go with three at the back for the remainder.,0
Matic is the first United player to be booked for his challenge in midfield.,2
abel does well to get past a couple of players but United stand firm on the edge of their box. Smalling attempts to pass the ball out but is caught pretty high up his leg by Chambers, who is rightly cautioned.,2
Bryan, clearly frustrated after seeing United score a second goal, fouls Smalling and is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Asst: P. JonesGOOOOAAALLLL!!! FULHAM 0-2 MAN UNITED! Back in the side and back among the goals! Fulham are again the victims of their own downfall as United turn over possession - this time in their own half - and pick off their opponents. Martial collects the ball just inside the United half and charges past Odoi and Le Marchand before tucking his shot out of Rico's reach.,1
sst: A. MartialGOOOOOAAALLLL!!! FULHAM 0-1 MAN UNITED! Slightly against the run of play, Pogba gives the visitors the lead at Craven Cottage. Marchand, not for the first time today, is caught in possession and Martial does well to slip the ball through for Pogba down the left. The France midfielder catches Rico out by taking on the shot first time, despite being on his weaker foot and the angle being against him. Superb finish from a man in top form!,1
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Too late to make an impact on the outcome, Moore is introduced up front; Billing makes way.,0
Dango OuattaraBournemouth · Midfielder #11Ouattara is replaced by Vina for the final few moments of the game.,0
Emi BuendíaAston Villa · Midfielder #10Just after scoring the hosts' third goal, Buendia is replaced by Duran.,0
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7With the win assured, Villa skipper McGinn is withdrawn; Chambers replaces him.,0
Asst: T. MingsGAME OVER! Buendia seals three points for the home side, as he nods into the net following a Luiz corner flicked on by Mings! He was no more than a yard out, and that wraps up victory for Villa!,1
Asst: O. Watkins2-0 TO VILLA! That surely wins it for the home team! Watkins lays off a lovely cushioned header for Ramsey on the left edge of the area before the latter forces a hard, low shot below Neto from a tight angle! Villa are two goals up now, with only 10 minutes left to play!,1
or a foul on Watkins inside his own half, Stephens is the latest player to be shown a yellow card.,2
Adam SmithBournemouth · Defender #15Applause resounds all around the stadium, as Brooks comes on to make his first Premier League appearance since 2021. His remarkable return is complete, and it is Smith that will make way.,0
A desperate lunging tackle from the side by Senesi brings down McGinn and results in a booking for the Bournemouth centre-back.,2
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Villa now make their first change, as Bailey is withdrawn for another winger, Bertrand Traore.,0
Joe RothwellBournemouth · Midfielder #14Gary O'Neil has seen enough from his team and opts for a couple of changes. First, Rothwell is replaced by Traore, who has just returned from injury.,0
Jaidon AnthonyBournemouth · Midfielder #32Semenyo is the second substitute thrown on by Bournemouth, as Anthony makes way.,0
verstretching in his attempt to stop a Ramsey surge through midfield, Lerma makes a clear foul and is booked.,2
s he struggles to retain the ball in midfield, an ugly challenge from McGinn on Senesi sees the Villa captain booked by the referee.,2
As McGinn tries to clear the ball away from the edge of his own area, Billing dives in with a late challenge, which is reckless but barely makes contact. The Bournemouth man becomes the first player to see yellow today.,2
sst: L. BaileyVILLA LEAD! Luiz initiates a counter-attack, and after Watkins then sees his shot blocked on the edge of the box, Bailey returns the ball into the danger area from the right. On hand to steer the ball home from five yards out, Luiz completes the move he started! The hosts have been on top throughout the early stages, and they already lead 1-0!,1
sst: A. VidalSANCHEZ SCORES! Inter finally have a fourth goal! It has been coming, and this time, Empoli couldn't keep them out. Dzeko gets a yard of space on Ismajli on the left of the box and puts a low cross into the far post which is helped on by Vidal. None of the Empoli defenders are picking up Sanchez, and he fires his shot in from close range. 4-2 Inter!,1
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #19Inter are making their last change now, with Sanchez coming on in place of Correa.,0
Riccardo FiamozziEmpoli · Defender #20Final roll of the dice for Empoli here as Fiamozzi is taken off and replaced by Benassi.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Fourth change for Inter now, and it's Dumfries that's making way, with Darmian on in his place.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Defender #32And Dimarco is also taken off, with D'Ambrosio coming on in his place.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez won't have the chance to go for a hat-trick as he makes way as well. Dzeko comes on for him.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Inter are making a triple change here, and Calhanoglu is the first player to go off. Vidal comes on to replace him.,0
Leo ŠtulacEmpoli · Midfielder #5And Stulac is also taken off, with Ismajli on in his place.,0
Federico Di FrancescoEmpoli · Striker #11Di Francesco tried to carry on, but it looks like that earlier problem is going to force him off. Just seven minutes after coming on, he makes way for Cutrone.,0
Martinez took his shirt off for his celebration and he's the first player to go into the referee's book.,2
MARTINEZ SCORES! And Inter lead for the first time in this game! Barella's clipped cross is blocked by Fiamozzi, but he can only put it back into the danger zone. Martinez is waiting on the penalty spot and he fires it past Vicario with a first time shot into the net. 3-2 Inter!,1
Szymon ŻurkowskiEmpoli · Midfielder #27Empoli are making a double change here. Zurkowski is first to go off, with Henderson on in his place.,0
Nedim BajramiEmpoli · Striker #10And Bajrami, who has struggled to make an impact on this game, also goes off, with Di Francesco replacing him.,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluMARTINEZ EQUALISES! And just like that, Inter are level! Barella nicked it off Asllani before setting Inter on a quick counter. He threads it through to Calhanoglu, who pulls it back for Martinez. He hits the shot first time and rifles it past Vicario. There's a quick VAR check to see if it was a foul from Barella in the build-up. It wasn't, so it's 2-2!,1
Asst: R. FiamozziASLLANI SCORES! It was a simple long ball over the top from Fiamozzi that caught out Inter's defence and Asllani just popped up behind De Vrij to bring it down with a lovely first touch. Handanovic rushes out to him and Asllani drills it at him, with the shot taking a deflection off the keeper before rolling over the line. Skriniar can't keep it out, and it's 2-0 Empoli!,1
Asst: S. ŻurkowskiPINAMONTI SCORES! It's another quick break from Empoli, with Zurkowski driving forward down the right. He fizzes a wonderful low cross into the box and Pinamonti makes a run across De Vrij before stretching to touch it past Handanovic, who was static on his line. 1-0 Empoli!,1
sst: J. CuadradoGOAL! SAMPDORIA 0-2 JUVENTUS! That's that then. Sampdoria overcommit upfield and Juve catch them out on the counter. Cuadrado draws out Audero and lays off to Ramsey who's left with a tap-in. What a way to mark his 300th senior top-flight appearance.,1
Bernardeschi gets booked for losing a footrace with Ramirez and stamping on the winger's foot. The number of fouls is getting ridiculous.,2
Damsgaard is the newest Sampdoria player to be booked for a late challenge. That's Sampdoria's fourth yellow card now.,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22Chiesa also goes off. Alex Sandro comes on for Juventus.,0
Arthur MeloJuventus · Midfielder #5More Juventus changes on the way. Ramsey is the next entrant to the game. Arthur makes way.,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Juventus make another change. Bernardeschi is on for Morata.,0
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Juventus make a change. Rabiot is on for the hardworking Bentancur. After this is done, Juventus have a corner.,0
Fabio QuagliarellaSampdoria · Striker #27Sampdoria make another two changes, replacing their entire strike force. Ramirez is on first for Quagliarella, who's been the hosts' biggest threat.,0
Keita Baldé DiaoSampdoria · Striker #10The Brescia loanee Torregrossa comes on next for Sampdoria. Keita makes way.,0
Adrien SilvaSampdoria · Midfielder #5Sampdoria make a substitution. Damsgaard comes on for Silva in midfield.,0
Bentancur is next to find himself in the book for a foul on Keita. This referee seems a little card-happy.,2
Sampdoria substitute La Gumina, who's warming up by the side of the pitch, also sees a yellow card, presumably for wasting time.,2
kdal is the next Sampdoria player to get a booking for an ill-disciplined challenge. Ronaldo will of course take the free-kick which is some way out.,2
Thorsby's booked for that foul on Danilo. The Norwegian will have to be careful now.,2
Asst: A. MorataGOAL! SAMPDORIA 0-1 JUVENTUS! Morata and Ronaldo play a nice one-two to send Morata scampering into the box. Morata rolls the ball across for Chiesa to smash it in from close range.,1
Kane reacted to David Luiz's kick with a swing of his arm into the chest of the Brazilian. He gets booked for his part in the melee.,2
David Luiz has a melee with Kane on the touchline and goes into the book. He did have a kick at the Tottenham man, which could have put him in trouble.,2
Gonzalo HiguaínChelsea · Striker #9Giroud replaces Higuain for the home side.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Son is withdrawn for Lucas for the final 10 minutes.,0
Érik LamelaTottenham · Midfielder #11Lamela is withdrawn for Llorente for the visitors.,0
Eden HazardChelsea · Striker #10Hazard looks a bit tired as his exploits from the EFL Cup may have caught up with him. Willian replaces the Belgian.,0
Asst: C. AzpilicuetaGOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PEDRO SCORES A FINE GOAL!!! CHELSEA 1-0!!! The Blues open the scoring as Pedro carves open Tottenham at the back before providing a neat finish. He collects Azpilicueta's offload down the right flank and cuts inside the challenge from Alderweireld, embarrassing the Belgian. He strikes at goal on his left foot from a tight angle, placing the ball between the legs of Lloris. It's not one the Spurs skipper will want to see back again. Chelsea have control of the fixture now.,1
Ante BudimirOsasuna · Striker #17Budimir also makes way, with Gallego on for him.,0
Rubén García SantosOsasuna · Striker #14There's a double change for Osasuna now and Ruben Garcia is taken off for Barja.,0
Messi is booked after he took his shirt off to pay tribute to Diego Maradona with his celebration.,2
Asst: F. TrincãoMESSI SCORES! It's a brilliant goal by the Barcelona captain and he takes it past the defender on the edge of the box before drilling his shot past Herrera and into the far top corner of the net. 4-0 Barca! ,1
Clément LengletBarcelona · Defender #15Lenglet has to be helped off the field by the medical team and Alena is coming on in his place.,0
Oier SanjurjoOsasuna · Midfielder #6Brasanac is also coming on, with Sanjurjo making way for him.,0
Iñigo PérezOsasuna · Midfielder #21Osasuna are making a double change now and it's Perez going off, with Torres on for him.,0
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2And Dest is also coming off, with Firpo replacing him.,0
Philippe CoutinhoBarcelona · Midfielder #14Coutinho is also being taken off, with Dembele on in his place.,0
Martin BraithwaiteBarcelona · Striker #9There's a triple change for Barcelona now and Braithwaite is the first to make way for Trincao.,0
Asst: A. GriezmannCOUTINHO SCORES! Coutinho lays the ball off to Braithwaite and continues his run into the box through the middle. It's Griezmann that squares it to him and he taps the ball in from close range. 3-0 Barca! ,1
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16There's a change for Barcelona at the start of the second half and it's Busquets that's coming on for Pedri.,0
RIEZMANN SCORES! It looked like the chance had gone after Moncayola cleared Alba's cross, but his header fell nicely for the Frenchman. He hits the shot on the volley and Herrera has no chance as it flies past him into the back of the net. 2-0 Barca!,1
ARCA LEAD! It's a great double save just before the goal by Herrera to deny both Coutinho and Braithwaite from point-blank range. But the ball loops up and hits Braithwaite again and he manages to bundle it across the line. 1-0 Barca! ,1
Jony RodríguezOsasuna · Midfielder #7Jony limps off the field with the medical team and Cruz is on in his place.,0
Matty CashAston Villa · Defender #2Final change for Villa now and Smith is bringing on El Mohamady in place of Cash.,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20Final change for West Ham now and Noble is coming on in place of Bowen.,0
Conor HourihaneAston Villa · Midfielder #14Hourihane is also making way, with Traore on in his place.,0
TrézéguetAston Villa · Striker #17Villa are making a double change before the penalty is taken and Trezeguet is taken off, with El Ghazi on for him.,0
cGinn loses the ball to Haller and Cash is booked for a late foul when he tries to win it back.,2
Fornals picks up the first yellow card of the game for dissent.,2
Asst: S. BenrahmaBOWEN SCORES! It's another quick goal from kick-off for West Ham and it's Bowen that puts them back ahead. He starts the move before playing in Benrahma and then he heads the substitute's cross past Martinez and into the back of the net. 2-1 West Ham!,1
Arthur MasuakuWest Ham · Midfielder #26There's a double change for West Ham at the break as Moyes brings on Benrahma for Masuaku.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #30Antonio is also making way, with Haller replacing him.,0
Asst: M. CashGREALISH SCORES! He runs past three West Ham defenders to get to the edge of the box and fires his shot on goal. It takes a slight nick off Ogbonna which takes it past Fabianski and into the back of the net. 1-1! ,1
Asst: J. BowenWEST HAM LEAD! Nobody picks up Ogbonna's run from the edge of the box to the far post to get on the end of the corner and he rises above Targett. It's a good header and Martinez can't stop it from hitting the back of the net. 1-0 West Ham!,1
Asst: D. LuizGOALLL! GREALISH GETS A THIRD! They couldn't, could they? Grealish drills a shot from distance inside the near post!,1
Penalty GoalGOALLL! Watkins calmly converts the penalty into the corner.,1
Diallo is booked for a poor challenge and gives away a penalty.,2
sst: J. GrealishGOALLL! MINGS PULLS ONE BACK! The defender glances a header towards the far post and it finds its way into the net.,1
sst: S. ArmstrongGOALLL! IT'S FOUR! Ings gets in on the act now with a top class finish to kill this game off. The Englishman cuts inside on his right foot and drills that ball into the top right corner.,1
ash goes into the book for handball right on the edge of the penalty box.,2
OALLL! WARD-PROWSE MAKES IT TWO! The set-piece specialist is at it again with an absolutely brilliant free-kick!,1
sst: J. Ward-ProwseGOALLL! VESTERGAARD! The big defender rises highest at the back post and powers in a header into the top corner!,1
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #9Another PSG substitution now and it is Icardi who is heading off the pitch, to be replaced by Sarabia.,0
erratti is shown a yellow card after he dives into the back of Sambia as he looked to break away in midfield. Poor challenge.,2
Neymar is booked for a late and strong challenge on Souquet on the halfway line.,2
Layvin KurzawaPSG · Defender #20The other PSG change sees Kurzawa replaced by Bakker.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Double substitution by PSG now, the first of which sees Paredes head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Danilo.,0
Damien Le TallecMontpellier · Midfielder #14Another of the visitors' changes sees Le Tallec replaced by Mavididi.,0
 Gaëtan Laborde Montpellier · Striker #10Laborde is also replaced, with Elye Wahi coming onto the pitch.,0
Daniel CongréMontpellier · Defender #3Montpellier have made a triple substitution now, the first of which sees Congre come off and he has been replaced by Cozza.,0
sst: M. IcardiGOAL! PSG are now 4-0 up! That's three goals in just three minutes by the hosts! Mbappe, Neymar and Icardi all involved in this goal, with the trio carving open the Montpellier defence. Icardi is played through on goal and could go for goal himself, but instead he squares it to Mbappe, who has a simple tap in from a few yards out.,1
OAL! PSG are 3-0 ahead! Icardi finally has his goal. It comes from another quick counter-attack and the hosts open up Montpellier at the back and a low cross comes in from the right, which takes a big deflection and falls to the feet of the striker, who smashes it into the back of the net.,1
Asst: K. MbappeGOAL! Neymar doubles his side's lead, PSG are 2-0 ahead! The visitors sit deeper and deeper and Mbappe manages to sneak in behind again, he then opts to pull the ball back to Neymar instead of going for goal himself and he fires it past Bertaud and into the back of the net.,1
MarquinhosPSG · Defender #5Another PSG substitution now, with Marquinhos the man coming off and he has been replaced by Kehrer. The skipper didn't seem to have picked up an injury, so may have just come off as a precaution.,0
Keylor NavasPSG · Goalkeeper #1PSG have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Navas replaced in goal by Rico.,0
endes is booked after he pulls back Mbappe as the striker looked to break forward on the counter-attack.,2
Florent MolletMontpellier · Midfielder #25The visitors have been forced into making another substitution, with Mollet unable to run off his knock, so he has been replaced by Chotard.,0
sst: A. Di MaríaGOAL! Mbappe fires PSG ahead and makes it 1-0! Di Maria turns on the edge of the box and plays a quick ball through to Mbappe, who sprints through on goal and produces a lovely chip over Bertaud, to find the back of the net.,1
Mihailo RistićMontpellier · Midfielder #7Here comes the Montpellier substitution, with Ristic the man who has been taken off and he has been replaced by Bertaud, who will go in goal.,0
ED CARD! The referee has changed his mind after reviewing the footage and Omlin has now been shown a straight red card! The keeper doesn't have any complaints and walks straight down the tunnel. Montpellier have got a long game ahead of them now with only 10 men.,3
March is booked late on for time-wasting after taking too long with a throw-in.,2
Poor challenge by Mwepu on Etebo and he is quite rightly shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana is the final Brighton player to come off and he has been replaced by Moder.,0
Ken SemaWatford · Midfielder #12Third and final Watford substitution now, with Sema coming off and he has been replaced by Deeney.,0
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Midfielder #11Brighton now with their second change of the game, with Trossard the man coming off and he has been replaced by Mwepu.,0
Craig CathcartWatford · Defender #15Here comes another Watford change and it's an attacking one, with Cathcart replaced by King.,0
Another Brighton booking now, with Duffy booked for his late challenge on Dennis, which catches the striker high on the leg. Poor challenge by the centre-back.,2
ebster is shown the first yellow card of the game, after he pulls the shirt of Dennis as he looked to break forward.,2
Neal MaupayBrighton · Striker #9Brighton have been forced into making a change ahead of the second half, with Maupay unable to carry on after picking up a shoulder injury and he has been replaced by Connolly.,0
Imran LouzaWatford · Midfielder #6Hernandez comes on for Watford at the break, with Louza the man replaced. The substitute made an immediate impact last week, scoring from the bench within seconds of coming on.,0
sst: Y. BissoumaGOAL! Maupay doubles Brighton’s lead just before the break, it’s 2-0! Bachmann plays the ball out to Troost-Ekong and he plays a sloppy pass to Cleverley, who didn’t really want it and Bissouma nicks it off his toes around 25 yards out. The midfielder then plays it through to Maupay on the edge of the box, who only had the keeper to beat and he produced a fine finish, firing it into the back of the net.,1
Asst: P. GroßGOAL! Brighton take the lead after 10 minutes, it’s 1-0! Gross whips a terrific corner delivery into the penalty area and Duffy rises above his marker and powers a header towards the top left corner. It strikes the crossbar and then bounces down over the line and into the back of the net. Great start for the hosts.,1
Candreva also receives a booking for a holding back Ljubicic.,2
D'Ambrosio is booked for a bad challenge and Inter now have three in the book,2
Potzmann is booked for holding back Martinez and Inter have a free-kick in a promising position on the left-hand side.,2
Radja NainggolanInter · Midfielder #14Inter also make a change as Nainggolan leaves the pitch and is replaced by D'Ambrosio.,0
Veton BerishaRapid Wien · Striker #9Rapid make their final substitution as Murg enters the field in place of Berisha.,0
Matteo PolitanoInter · Midfielder #16First substitution for Inter from Luciano Spalleti as Politano is replaced by Candreva.,0
Srđan GrahovacRapid Wien · Midfielder #14Rapid are making their second chance as Grahovac is replaced by Knasmüllner in midfield.,0
erisha is booked for backing into Asamoah inside the Rapid half.,2
Manuel ThurnwaldRapid Wien · Midfielder #23Rapid make their first substitution as Thurnwald is replaced by Schobesberger.,0
Hofmann is booked for a late challenge on Martinez who was grounded for a while, but is now back on his feet.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOAL! Inter take a 1-0 lead! Lautaro Martínez puts the visitors in front with an emphatic penalty into the roof of the middle of the net. ,1
ario Sonnleitner is booked for that foul on Nainggolan in a dangerous position.,2
e has only been on the pitch for a matter of minutes, but Castillejo is already in the referee’s book, having prevented Bastoni from taking a quick free-kick.,2
SusoMilan · Striker #8Another change from Milan now, as Gattuso looks to run down the clock. Suso has played well without much reward, and he has now been replaced by compatriot Samu Castillejo.,0
Alberto GrassiParma · Midfielder #88That miss will be Alberto Grassi's last involvement. He has made way for Fabio Ceravolo.,0
Matteo ScozzarellaParma · Midfielder #21A second change for Parma sees Matteo Scozzarella – a star performer for the visitors today – make way for Leo Stulac.,0
nother booking comes out, this time for Iacaponi, who clattered into Calhanoglu.,2
Penalty GoalKESSIE MAKES NO MISTAKE! A calm, composed finish from the midfielder, who sends Sepe the wrong way to slot a neat effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
Borini has received a yellow card for complaining to the referee that Bastoni was not booked for his deliberate handball.,2
GervinhoParma · Striker #27Well, Gervinho will not get the chance to add to his goal tally for the season today. He is going off, with Amato Ciciretti on for Parma.,0
The first booking of the game goes to Parma's Biabiany, who clattered into Suso from behind.,2
CUTRONE RESTORES PARITY! Well, Parma’s lead was short-lived, as Cutrone hammers in a brilliant strike on the volley. The ball looped up and dropped over the youngster’s shoulder, but Milan’s forward made no mistake with an excellent finish across goal that clipped in off the inside of the post. VAR is consulted with to double-check the validity of the goal, but finally the game gets back underway with the scores all level.,1
Josè MauriMilan · Midfielder #4Former Parma midfielder Jose Mauri is going off, with Fabio Borini his replacement.,0
Asst: M. ScozzarellaPARMA TAKE THE LEAD! Inglese has put the visitors in front! The corner is whipped in to the near post by Scozzarella, and Parma’s striker rises highest to direct a header into the far corner.,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Glasner gives youth a chance here as Jordan Ayew makes way for 18-year-old David Ozoh. Ayew has been an excellent performer today, just what his new boss would've been dreaming of before today.,0
itchell races in and catches Cork with his studs. Silly yellow card to pick up this late on.,2
yew goes into the book, contributing further to an all-action afternoon for the striker.,2
Joachim AndersenCrystal Palace · Defender #16Palace on the other hand have opted for a defensive change. James Tomkins emerges for Andersen.,0
David Datro FofanaBurnley · Striker #23Fofana's afternoon ends as Jay Rodriguez arrives for the disallowed-goal scorer as Burnley look to at least finish strongly.,0
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Gudmundsson makes way for Jack Cork, perhaps in a bid to get more control in the middle in the final stages.,0
Wilson OdobertBurnley · Midfielder #47Manuel Benson comes on for Wilson Odobert in a relatively like-for-like switch.,0
Esteve gives away a foul here on Mateta. The striker may be big, but still, he clatters the Frenchman to give Palace a dangerous free kick. Ayew guides it in but Munoz can only head over.,2
Penalty GoalMATETA COOL AS YOU LIKE! That's a great penalty. Trafford claps and waves his arms, but the forward gives him the eyes. The keeper goes left, Mateta goes right with a chilled ease. 3-0. That's Mateta's fourth goal this term.,1
Charlie TaylorBurnley · Defender #3Kompany has gone for a switch up. In comes Vitinho for Taylor. He's done some top battling in what really has been an uphill effort since the first half red card.,0
sst: M. FrançaAYEW ADDS A GOAL TO HIS ASSIST AS PALACE MAKE IT TWO! Mitchell plays in Franca and the Brazilian drives in a low ball across the face of goal. It misses Mateta, yet Ayew slides it home to get the fans back off their seats. Palace really are glad all over (again)! 2-0.,1
Asst: J. AyewGOOAAAALLLLLL CHRIS RICHARDS! AN EXCELLENTLY DEFT, DIVING HEADER!! Selhurst Park erupts with relief and joy as the moustachioed defender wheels away. The corner on the right initially gets cleared, but as per, Palace recycle nicely and Ayew puts in a delightful cross. Waiting at the back stick is Richards who almost bows it home. Graceful. Patient. 1-0!,1
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Midfielder #22A change of plans? Where Palace have been employing a certain directness with Edouard, Mateta and Ayew the three bustling forwards - it seems that Matheus Franca may alter the focus. Edouard makes way.,0
Adam WhartonCrystal Palace · Midfielder #20Glasner has taken that aforementioned precaution caution with Wharton. He makes way for Ahamada.,0
Wharton goes into the book. The 19-year-old needs some pointers on when it's appropriate to hold hands, apparently. Cullen is nearly away but his opposite number pulls him back. Make friends after the game...,2
Zeki AmdouniBurnley · Striker #25Kompany has reshuffled his Clarets pack after the dismissal. Offensive Amdouni trudges off for Josh Cullen.,0
ROWNHILL SEES RED! Out of the mediocrity... SOMETHING HAS HAPPENED. Trafford gave his midfielder what the Oxford Dictionary would brand a 'hospital pass'. Lerma was creeping through but Brownhill, the last man, drags him back. The referee had no option and Palace have a free kick in an interesting position here...,3
Chris RichardsBayern · Defender #41Martinez also replaces Richards at the same time. Another great performance from the young American defender who played at both left-back and right-back tonight. ,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Douglas Costa is going to join the fun for the final 15 minutes of play as Coman leaves the field. ,0
sst: R. NissenGOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 3-1 AND SALZBURG GET ONE BACK. BERISHA!!!! Kristensen plays a lovely ball in from the right and the German striker pounces from close range to pull one back for the visitors. There was a very long VAR check to see if the forward was offside, but the goal is given.,1
Enock MwepuRB Salzburg · Midfielder #45Ashimeru comes on at the same time for the visitors to replace Mwepu. ,0
Dominik SzoboszlaiRB Salzburg · Midfielder #14It's a Champions League debut for Sucic who replaces Szoboszlai.,0
Zlatko JunuzovićRB Salzburg · Midfielder #16Junuzovic departs with Adeyemi taking his place in midfield.,0
Asst: K. ComanGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! 3-0 TO BAYERN. SANE!!!! Bayern take the game away from Salzburg with a lovely team goal. Lewandowski plays a ball out wide to Coman on the left who delivers a ball to the back stick at the first time of asking. Sane is charging into the box, jumps highest and slots his header into the bottom right corner of Stankovic’s net from ten yards out.,1
ROCA IS OFF!!! The central midfielder recieves a second yellow card and his marching orders for a late challenge on Junuzovic. That could be a game changer!,3
Benjamin PavardBayern · Defender #5Hernandez also comes on for Pavard at the same time. The French defender is quickly pulled from the action following that late challenge from Koita minutes ago. ,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7A first change of the evening is made as Sane replaces Gnabry for Bayern. ,0
oita is booked for a late tackle. That’s a painful one for Pavard as Koita falls on his trailing foot after going up for an aerial challenge. ,2
Asst: L. GoretzkaGOOOOAALLLLL!!! 2-0 TO BAYERN. COMAN!!!! The German champions double their lead. Goretzka wins the ball and plays a pass out wide to Coman. The French winger comes inside from the left and shoots with his right from 25 yards out. His effort is goal bound but a huge deflection from Wober sends it past a helpless Stankovic in net.,1
Roca gets a yellow for stomping on Junuzovic's foot. The Spaniard didn't mean to but that'll be a sore one for the Austrian midfielder. ,2
OOOOOAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 TO BAYERN. LEWANDOWSKI!!!! A goal somewhat against the run of play. Muller plays a one-two with the Polish striker on the edge of the Salzburg penalty area and shoots from 30 yards. Stankovic keeps out the effort but can only parry and there's Lewandowski in the right place at the right time to convert from close range.,1
euer goes into the book for failing to let Berisha take a quick throw in on the right wing. The Bayern goalkeeper had raced out to clear the previously danger. ,2
Asst: A. DaviesGOOOALLL!! BAYERN PULL ONE BACK! 3-2! Is there a late twist in the tale? It's a hopeful ball into the box which Lainer fails to clear. His header goes straight to Davies who sets up Tel to fire home into the corner.,1
Julian WeiglMönchengladbach · Midfielder #8Gladbach make a double change. Weigl, who only came on in the second half, is brought off for Jantschke.,0
Asst: J. HofmannGOOAAAAALLL!!!! GLADBACH DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! 3-1! Gladback have their third and could that be game over? Gladbach break with the ball and Neuhaus finds Hofmann down the right flank. The German has been involved in all three goals and he squares it to Thuram who can't miss and smashes it past Sommer.,1
Alassane PléaMönchengladbach · Striker #14Plea has had a great game leading the line for Gladbach but makes way now for Neuhaus.,0
Lars StindlMönchengladbach · Midfielder #13Gladbach make a double change. Stindl, who scored his side's first goal, makes away for Thuram.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Goalscorer Choupo-Moting also makes way with Tel on to replace him.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Bayern make another double change. Midfielder Goretzka comes off and centre-back De Ligt comes on.,0
Christoph KramerMönchengladbach · Midfielder #6Gladbach make a change with Kramer off for Weigl in central midfield.,0
Asst: A. PléaGOOOOOAAAAL!!! GLADBACH AHEAD AGAIN!! 2-1! It's been a really impressive start to the half from the home side and Hofmann gets them their second. It is given way by Bayern in their own half and the ball ends up with Hofmann. He slides Plea down the right channel and continues his run into the box. Plea, without looking, cuts it back into the box right onto the boot of Hofmann who makes no mistake and strokes it home.,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Gnabry also makes way with Sane on for the second half.,0
Ryan GravenberchBayern · Midfielder #38Bayern make a double change at half-time. First off is Gravenberch with Musiala on to replace him.,0
oretzka commits a foul in the build-up to Hofmann's effort and the midfielder receives a yellow card.,2
Asst: A. DaviesGOAAAALLLL!!!! BAYERN EQUALISE!! 1-1!! Bayern haven't stopped attacking since going a goal and a man down and they have their equaliser. Davies makes a lovely burst down the left wing and the Canadian's pace is too much for the Gladbach defence. He fires it low into the box and perfectly onto the foot of Choupo-Moting who connects beautifully with the cross and rifles it into the back of the net. Game on!,1
Thomas MüllerBayern · Striker #25It was De Ligt warming up but instead, Cancelo comes on to sure up the defence with Muller sacrificed for Bayern.,0
Asst: J. HofmannGOOOOALLLL!!!! GLADBACH LEAD!! 1-0! What a start for the home side and Stindl has the goal. Davies handles the ball and Gladbach have another free-kick from the right-hand side. Hofmann lays it across to Stindl - unmarked on the edge of the box - and the winger strikes it crisply off the post and into the net.,1
ED CARD!! Bayern are down to ten! It's a long ball over the top which catches the Bayern defence on their heels. Plea strides clear and as he nears the box, the striker tangles with Upamecano and goes down. The referee gives a free-kick and the French centre-back is given a straight red with the striker through on goal.,3
Politano blocks a pass with his hand and is booked for handball.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! OSIMHEN GETS HIS GOAL!!!!! 4-2 NAPOLI!!!!! Osimhen gets on the scoresheet as he robs Blind and slots the ball into an empty net. The forward applies pressure on the Ajax defender at the back and capitalises on his mistake. Pasveer is out of position and can only watch as Osimhen rolls the ball home.,1
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Zielinski makes way for the home side and is replaced by Gaetano.,0
esus brings down Conceicao with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Steven BerghuisAjax · Striker #23Conceicao enters the action to replace Berghuis for the closing stages.,0
Steven BergwijnAjax · Striker #7Bergwijn's last action in the game is to score from the penalty spot. Ocampos replaces the winger.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BERGWIJN GIVES AJAX HOPE!!!!! 3-2!!!!! The visitors are back in the game again as Bergwijn converts from the spot. He goes high with his strike, dispatching his right-footed attempt past Meret. Game on.,1
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Kvaratskhelia continues to enhance his reputation with another fine display. The Georgia international is replaced by Elmas for the final 13 minutes.,0
Hirving LozanoNapoli · Striker #11Spalletti takes the chance to withdraw Lozano to replace him with Politano.,0
ergwijn clips Lozano's ankles as he tries to break upfield. He goes into the book.,2
varatskhelia was too quick and skilful for Sanchez and now he draws a foul from Bassey. The Ajax defender goes into the book.,2
Jorge SánchezAjax · Defender #19Sanchez is withdrawn from the Ajax backline as Baas replaces the defender.,0
Mohammed KudusAjax · Striker #20Brobbey replaces Kudus in the final third for the visitors.,0
Kenneth TaylorAjax · Midfielder #8Taylor is struggling with an injury and is replaced by Grillitsch in the Ajax midfield.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KHARATSKHELIA CONVERTS!!!!! 3-1 NAPOLI!!!!!! The Italian outfit regain their two-goal cushion as Kvaratskhelia holds his composure from 12 yards. He hammers his effort high into the top-left corner away from Pasveer's despairing dive. A fine strike.,1
imber is booked for his handball that results in the Napoli penalty.,2
lvarez lunges and brings down Lobotka on the charge. The midfielder goes into the book.,2
Giacomo RaspadoriNapoli · Striker #81Raspadori is withdrawn by the home side in the final third for Osimhen.,0
André-Frank Zambo AnguissaNapoli · Midfielder #99Anguissa makes holding the back of his right leg. Ndombele replaces the midfielder for the hosts.,0
sst: C. BasseyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KLAASSEN GETS ONE BACK!!!!! 2-1!!!! Ajax are back in the game as Klaassen plants a header past Meret. Bassey finds space down the left flank and clips a cross into the middle. Klaassen rises unmarked and powers his header into the bottom-left corner through the hand of the Napoli keeper. Game on.,1
Sanchez hauls Kvaratskhelia to the ground after being turned inside and out by the winger. He goes into the book.,2
aylor catches Lobotka on the boot with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: K. KvaratskheliaWHAT A HIT FROM RASPADORI!!!!! 2-0 NAPOLI!!!!!! Spalletti's men extend their lead through a stunner from Raspadori. Kvaratskhelia races down the left flank and feeds the forward on the edge of the box. Raspadori takes a touch before rifling a left-footed strike past Pasveer into the top-left corner. A super effort.,1
Asst: P. ZielińskiWHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NAPOLI SCORE THROUGH A SUPER TEAM MOVE!!!!! The home side pick up from where they left off last week by cutting through Ajax and Lozano finishes with a sublime header. He gathers on the right flank and cuts inside before laying an offload to Zielinski. Lozano continues his run into the box and Zielinski releases him with a sumptuous ball over the top. Lozano takes it out of the air first-time, steering his header away from Pasveer into the top-left corner.,1
David TimorGetafe · Midfielder #24Another switch for the visitors as Patrick enters the action in place of Timor. ,0
imenez is the next player to be booked after synically bringing down Cucurella who was on the break. ,2
txeita is shown a yellow card for a foul on the halfway line. ,2
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9A defensive change for Atletico as Gimenez comes on for goalscorer Suarez. ,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7At the same time Joao Felix makes way for Correa. ,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11A double switch for the hosts as Lemar is replaced by Torreira in midfield. ,0
Jaime MataGetafe · Striker #7A first switch for Getafe as Unal replaces Mata in attack for the visitors. ,0
Šime VrsaljkoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #24Simeone reshuffles his pack as Vrsaljko is replaced by Saul. A change of shape looks likely. ,0
Savic is booked after throwing his arm out at a Getafe forward. The ball was already out of play so that could prove a costly mistake from the defender later in the match. ,2
odriguez gets the first booking of the evening as he hacks down Lemar as Atletico looked to counter-attack. ,2
sst: Y. Ferreira CarrascoGOOOAALLLLLL!!! 1-0. SUAREZ!!!!!! It’s a lovely goal from Atletico Madrid. From the free kick, Carrasco whips in a delightful cross and there’s Suarez to find the far bottom corner of Yanez’ goal with a deft header from 15 yards out. The hosts take an early lead.,1
Asst: WillianGOOOOAAALLL!!! CHELSEA 1-1 WOLVES! Hazard once again comes to Chelsea's rescue with a superb individual goal right at the end of the match. The home side take the corner short and Willian works the ball to Hazard, who shifts it away from a couple of players and bends it out of Patricio's reach from 20 yards. Brilliant finish!,1
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Traore, who is pretty unique with his style of play, comes on for the game's likely match-winner Jimenez. Wolves now have a different type of out-ball.,0
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Nuno makes his first change of the day by bringing on talented teenage midfielder Gibbs-White for Jota. Chelsea have no rhythm to their play, not helped by these constant stoppages.,0
A nasty one for David Luiz as he is caught on the side of the head by the elbow of Jota. The Wolves man did not exactly mean it - not on the face of it, at least - so a yellow card looks to be the right decision.,2
his is what you call a cynical challenge from Rudiger to block the run of Jota right on the halfway line.,2
Loftus-Cheek uses his strength to hold off one man but Boly takes him out before he can think about shooting from the edge of the box. A silly challenge that did not need to be made leads to the game's third yellow card, each of them shown to Wolves players.,2
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Jorginho makes way for Willian in Chelsea's third and final change. Not for the first time this season, Jorginho's exit is greeted by sarcastic cheers.,0
Saiss takes out Hazard and is rightly shown a yellow card, joining team-mate Doherty in the referee's book.,2
PedroChelsea · Striker #11With his side knocking on the door for an equaliser, Sarri brings on Hudson-Odoi for Pedro.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17This change has come 15 minutes too late. Loftus-Cheek is on for Kovacic, who has offered very little for the hosts.,0
sst: D. JotaGOOOAAALLL!!! CHELSEA 0-1 WOLVES! Talk about smash-and-grab! Wolves take the lead through their first shot of the match, and it is in-form striker Jimenez who scores it. Jota takes the ball away from Rudiger and returns it back to Jimenez, whose close-range shot deflects over Kepa with a telling touch off Azpilicueta. Chelsea are undone by the counter!,1
 quick one-two undoes Wolves' backline and Doherty feels that he is left with no choice but to trip Hazard, preventing his opponent from getting to the return pass down the left.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!39'Bordeaux0 - 1ToulouseVakoun Issouf BayoToulouse,1
ickford is booked for wasting time following a corner as Everton look to take precious seconds off the clock. ,2
Robinson is booked for fouling during Everton’s attempt to hold onto possession.,2
Godfrey is shown a late yellow card for a cynical challenge in order to break up play.,2
Bernard receives a yellow card immediately after the restart for a cynical foul on the right wing. ,2
Asst: A. DoucouréEVERTON TAKE THE LEAD WITH 10 MINUTES REMAINING! After a suspect defensive header following a Coleman cross, Bernard passes it across the 18-yard box for Doucoure, who meets the delivery with a lay-off for Sigurdsson. From there - it’s a simple finish into the far corner! 1-0!,1
Rhian BrewsterSheffield United · Midfielder #24Sheffield United counter with a sub of their own, replacing Brewster with Mousset.,0
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Everton make another change - this time in midfield. Davies is replaced by Gomes.,0
odfrey goes for a run down the left and gets stopped abruptly by a bodycheck from Baldock. It’s a yellow card for the Sheffield United wing-back.,2
Michael KeaneEverton · Defender #5Ancelotti makes a change in defence, replacing Keane with Coleman. This will most likely put Holgate alongside Mina at centre-back, allowing Coleman to play his favoured right-back position. ,0
David McGoldrickSheffield United · Midfielder #17Sheffield United make another change as Wilder feels the match is still up for grabs. McGoldrick is replaced by Norwood. ,0
Anthony GordonEverton · Midfielder #24Ancelotti makes Everton’s first change of the match five minutes before the hour. Looking to spark some life into what has been a blunt attack, he replaces Gordon with Bernard.,0
alvert-Lewin shows his frustration and receives a yellow card for kicking the ball down the pitch after giving away an innocuous free-kick in midfield. He’s the first player booked in the match.,2
Oliver BurkeSheffield United · Striker #14Wilder makes a change at half-time, as the attack sees a swap of Olivers. McBurnie replaces Burke.,0
 frustrated Bissouma throws the ball away after a decision went against his side, leading to the third - and possibly final - booking of the game.,2
GOOOOOOAAAALLLLLLLL!!! Cardiff 2-1 Brighton! Incredible scenes at the Cardiff City Stadium, as the home side finally find a way through. Bamba's overhead kick comes back off the post, Paterson's follow-up is deflected onto the bar by Dunk and Bamba then has a second bite of the cherry with his simple finish from under the bar.,1
Joe RallsCardiff City · Midfielder #8Ralls, who had to be rushed back to fitness to fill in for the suspended Arter today, is replaced by the more attack-minded Reid for the final 15 minutes.,0
Josh MurphyCardiff City · Midfielder #11Warnock introduces some fresh legs out wide, with Hoilett - last season's Player of the Year - on for Murphy.,0
This is what is referred to as taking one for the team. Cunningham steps in front of Andone to stop the Brighton sub's clean run through on goal. ,2
Sean MorrisonCardiff City · Defender #4Morrison is finally replaced by Peltier, who has been out of the side since injuring his shoulder against Man City in September. Manga will likely move into the middle alongside Bamba.,0
Glenn MurrayBrighton · Striker #17Murray, who has barely seen the ball since his side went down to 10 men, is replaced by Andone for the remainder of the match.,0
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20March is the player sacrificed following Stephens' red card five minutes ago, with Bissouma coming on in his place.,0
Things have threatened to boil over in the aftermath of that nasty challenge from Stephens. Paterson has a few words to say and is shown a yellow card by referee Martin Atkinson, who is being kept busy today.,2
righton have been rattled by that Cardiff leveller, and they are now down to 10 men for the remaining hour or so. Stephens followed through on his challenge with Cunningham and was rightly shown a straight red.,3
GOOOOOAL! Cardiff 1-1 Brighton! Moments after Murray had an attempt saved at one end, sending his deflected shot into the hands of Etheridge, the home side drag themselves level. Camarasa and Harris exchange passes, before the latter’s chipped cross into the six-yard box is nodded home by Paterson. ,1
sst: S. MarchGOOOOAL! Cardiff 0-1 Brighton! The visitors open the scoring with just six minutes played in South Wales through a back-post header from Dunk. The centre-back peels away from Sol Bamba and heads the ball past Etheridge from five yards out.,1
Mads RoerslevBrentford · Defender #30Roerslev also comes off in another Brentford change, with Myles Peart-Harris replacing him for the final throws of this contest.,0
Carlos Noom Quomah BalebaBrighton · Midfielder #20Two further changes coming for Brighton, the first seeing Jakub Moder come on to replace Balepa at the base of their midfield.,0
Simon AdingraBrighton · Midfielder #24Adingra also comes off, and the latest cab off the Seagulls' production line, Benicio Baker-Boaitey, enters the fray for only the second time in his Premier League career.,0
Gilmour is also shown a yellow card by the referee, for his part in that small melee between the two number 11s.,2
Mitoma's foul on Damsgaard warrants a free-kick, but Gilmour and Wissa clash for the ball and the Brentford forward is booked for time-wasting.,2
Jack HinshelwoodBrighton · Defender #41Hinshelwood's superb and potentially game-winning header showed a maturity well beyond his 18 years, and he's given a rousing reception by the home fans as he comes off for Joel Veltman.,0
João PedroBrighton · Striker #9Pedro also comes off having seen several chances come and go for Brighton, with Evan Ferguson entering the fray to lead the Seagulls' attacking line.,0
Shandon BaptisteBrentford · Midfielder #26Mikkel Damsgaard is also introduced in Brentford's midfield, where he'll take the place of Baptiste.,0
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40Both sides make changes with just over 20 minutes on the clock, with James Milner replacing Buonanotte in the first of Brighton's two.,0
Asst: P. GroßGOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The hosts have turned it around!!! Lovely play from Brighton, who zip the ball around to find Mitoma on the edge of the box. Gross makes a run ahead and collects to stand up a cross from the byline, and the youngster Hinshelwood arrives at the far post, launching a looping header back across the face of goal that nestles in the bottom corner!! A first-ever Premier League goal for Hinshelwood, and one that puts the hosts 2-1 up!,1
Yegor YarmolyukBrentford · Midfielder #33Brentford make a sole half-time change, as Yarmoliuk is replaced by Keane Lewis-Potter in a move that could see another reshaping of the Bees' formation in the second period.,0
Wissa and Buonanotte do battle down the near touchline until the Brentford substitute hits the deck under pressure from the midfielder. Buonanotte is shown the yellow card, and that could well be the last action of this first half.,2
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19That change is made for Brentford, and although they're losing someone with the talent and skill level of Mbeumo, Wissa is a more than able deputy to help lead the line in their re-jigged 4-4-2.,0
Asst: K. MitomaGOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! The Seagulls hit straight back!!! A well-worked move sees Brighton shift the ball from left to right through Hinshelwood, Pedro and Mitoma. The latter stands up his marker and cuts inside to tee up Gross, who leathers a superb left-footed finish past an unmoved Flekken and right into the bottom corner!! Two goals in four minutes after barely anything was created in the first 25, and it's 1-1 at the Amex!,1
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAALLL!!!! Brentford lead from the spot!!! Mbeumo's run-up is slow but composed, and he calmly dispatches a confident penalty into the bottom-left corner!! Steele dives the wrong way, and although it may have come out of absolutely nowhere, the Bees lead 1-0 on the south coast!,1
Van Hecke pleads his innocence, but can have no complaints with the referee showing him a yellow card for the penalty decision.,2
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Striker #20Noble enters the field for the dying seconds of the game. He surely won't be taking the penalty?,0
Asst: N. MatićGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! LINGARD SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 2-1!!!! United take the lead in the dying stages of the game as the former West Ham loanee finds the top-right corner with a super effort. Matic works the ball into space in the left-inside channel for Lingard. He takes a touch inside and curls his right-footed effort away from Fabianski into the back of the net. Will it be enough for the visitors to take all three points?,1
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Striker #22Lanzini enters the action for the home side to replace Benrahma.,0
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Matic enters the action to replace Fred in the middle of the park.,0
Paul PogbaMan United · Midfielder #6Lingard receives a warm welcome from the West Ham fans after his impressive spell on loan last season. He replaces Pogba for the visitors.,0
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Midfielder #11Greenwood is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Sancho in the final third.,0
Nikola VlašićWest Ham · Midfielder #11Vlasic is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Yarmolenko.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RONALDO EQUALISES!!!!! 1-1!!!! United are level in the contest as the Portuguese scores on the rebound. Fernandes bends a dangerous cross to the back post that Ronaldo steers towards goal. Fabianski does well to keep out the effort, but the loose ball falls perfectly for the Portuguese to tap home from six yards. Ronaldo now has four goals in three games for the Red Devils since his return.,1
Asst: J. BowenGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! BENRAHMA'S DEFLECTED EFFORT FINDS THE NET!!!!! 1-0 WEST HAM!!!!!! The midfielder is afforded space and time on the edge of the box to line up a strike, which deflects off Varane and finds the net. Bowen makes a good turn on the edge of the box and rolls an offload towards Benrahma in space. He takes a touch before firing at goal, with the knee of Varane taking it away from De Gea into the net.,1
RED CARD! Sharp is dismissed for a lunging challenge on Armstrong with his studs up. The striker is complaining about the decision, but referee Lee Mason is not changing his mind.,3
Sofiane BoufalSouthampton · Midfielder #19Southampton make their second substitution as Armstrong replaces Boufal.,0
Chris BashamSheffield United · Defender #6Wilder adds another attacking option to his side with Robinson replacing Basham in the final United change.,0
Moussa DjenepoSouthampton · Midfielder #12Southampton's first change sees goalscorer Djenepo withdrawn, and he will be replaced by Ings.,0
John LundstramSheffield United · Midfielder #7The second substitution is a tactical switch which sees Lundstram make way for another striker in Mousset.,0
Asst: S. BoufalWHAT A GOAL! It's an incredible solo goal from Djenepo who dances his way past four United players to get himself into space in the box, and he produces a measured finish from close range to bury the ball past Henderson.  ,1
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9McBurnie is replaced by Sharp in the first substitution of the day.,0
leck is booked for a late challenge on Adams as he nudges the striker off the ball.,2
estergaard is shown the first yellow card of the match for a late challenge on Baldock near the right-hand side touchline.,2
Malick ThiawMilan · Defender #28Pioli will also make an alteration as Kjaer enters the fray for Thiaw.,0
Joshua ZirkzeeBologna · Striker #9Desparate for an attacking spark, Motta makes a triple change. The first sees Van Hooijdonk replace Zirkzee up front.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Striker #11Chukwueze is on for his maiden Milan appearance, replacing fellow debutant Pulisic after a lively first showing for his new team.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Pioli also looks to his bench, first introducing Okafor for his debut in place of Giroud.,0
Nicolás DomínguezBologna · Midfielder #8Motta makes another change as his team chase the game, bringing on El Azzouzi for Dominguez.,0
Hernandez is booked for his reaction to not receiving a foul after being bundled over in midfield.,2
Nikola MoroBologna · Striker #6Motta makes a change ahead of the second half, bringing on Orsolini for Moro.,0
Aebischer goes in the book for a cynical challenge on Leao in midfield.,2
Asst: O. GiroudGOAL!!! PULISIC MAKES IT 2-0 WITH A STUNNER!!! The former Chelsea man picks up the ball in the Bologna half, before playing a neat one-two with Giroud. Space opens up for him to blast towards Skorupski's goal, and Pulisic's brilliant strike flies past the hosts' goalkeeper and in!,1
sst: T. ReijndersGOAL!!! GIROUD PUTS MILAN AHEAD!!! Pulisic lofts a deep cross to the back post, where Reijnders does superbly to steer the ball back across goal. It comes to Giroud, and he coolly places past Skorupski to give his team a 1-0 lead.,1
Asst: R. De PaulGOAAALLL JUVENTUS 4-1 UDINESE - Lasagna grabs a consolation goal and it is such a shame the strike will count for nothing because it is a lovely finish. Juventus switched off and De Paul took the extra space and moved down the right wing before picking out Lasagna. The striker still had loads to do due to the angle but he stayed calm and fired past Szczesny.,1
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Kean now leaves the field to a round of applause and he is replaced by Caviglia.,0
Blaise MatuidiJuventus · Midfielder #14That header is Matuidi's last involvement as he is replaced by Dybala for the final 20 minutes or so.,0
Asst: R. BentancurGOAAAALLLLL JUVENTUS 4-0 UDINESE!!!! Matuidi gets a goal after some poor marking from the visitors. Bentancur managed to draw in a couple of defenders before curling the ball towards the penalty spot. France international Matuidi timed his run to perfection before stooping low to header the ball into the far corner.,1
Penalty GoalGOAAAALLL JUVENTUS 3-0 UDINESE - Can now gets himself on the scoresheet thanks to a neat penalty. Some would consider it harsh to not let Kean get his hat-trick but the former Liverpool man does the job and beats Musso.,1
Hidde ter AvestUdinese · Midfielder #18Another change for Udinese as Ter Avest is brought off and on comes Sandro.,0
poku now joins Lasagna in the book. The defender got caught flat-footed and he chopped down Kean as he tried to break away.,2
Lasagna's first involvment is to be shown a yellow card for a poor tackle.,2
Ben WilmotUdinese · Midfielder #24A substitution for Udinese at the start of the second half as Wilmot is replaced by Lasagna.,0
GOAAALLLLLL JUVENTUS 2-0 UDINESE - Kean grabs his second of the night after a brilliant run and finish. The visitors gave away possession and Kean chased down a lost cause before turning into the box. A stepover confused Musso before he was then beaten at his near post.,1
Stryger Larsen is the first man in the book after deliberately handling the ball when trying to score. The officials spotted it straight away and Juve now have a free-kick in their own box.,2
Bram NuytinckUdinese · Defender #17Opoku now enters the field of play for Udinese as Nuytinck has suffered an injury.,0
Andrea BarzagliJuventus · Defender #15A change at the back sees Bonucci replace Barzagli. The latter has just limped his way towards the touchline and that it is not good news for Allegri.,0
GOAAAALLLL Juventus 1-0 Udinese!!! Kean turns away in delight as he opens the scoring for the home side. The striker had to stay patient as he waited for Alex Sandro to reach the box, but he moved to the near post once the cross came in. He sandwiched himself in between two defenders before firing home the cross to beat Musso.,1
Kevin SchadeBrentford · Striker #9Brentford goalscorer Schade comes off as we enter the final 10 minutes of this game, with Keane Lewis-Potter looking to make a similar impact as full-time ticks ever closer.,0
Asst: J. AyewGOOOOAAAALLL!!!! The Eagles equalise!! Palace creep further and further forward as they keep possession on the edge of Brentford's box. Andersen picks it up and plays a one-two with Ayew, racing in behind and squeezing the ball beneath the onrushing Flekken to cross the line! A stroke of good fortune for the defender, but no less than Palace deserve, and as we head into the final throws of this game, its 1-1!,1
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Brentford's first change sees Frank Onyeka enter the fray, replacing Jensen at the heart of the hosts' midfield.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp also comes off, with Roy Hodgson introducing Naouirou Ahamada to play off the left for the Eagles.,0
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Here come the first changes for both teams, with Palace's seeing Edouard replaced up top by Jean-Philippe Mateta.,0
sst: C. NørgaardGOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! What a strike that is!!! The third prong of Brentford's attack pops up with a beauty after receiving a cross-field ball from Norgaard. Picking up the ball on the left, the German striker cuts inside and darts past Ward on the byline, before curling a firecracker of a shot beyond Johnstone and into the far corner! 1-0 to the Bees, and that finish certainly had some sting behind it!,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Bayern are just looking to protect their lead now. Martinez replaces Gnabry.,0
ewandowski clatters Darida and has a booking to go with his four goals.,2
enalty GoalGOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI HAS FOUR! 4-3 Bayern right at the end! The champions look to have won it again! Lewandowski keeps his cool and picks out the bottom-right corner. Schwolow goes the right way but cannot get there.,1
Mittelstadt is the man punished for fouling Lewandowski and goes into the book.,2
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Midfielder #19Davies took a knock a few moments ago and is now forced off. Sule is on, meaning Alaba will go to left-back. Bayern have had three left-backs today.,0
Asst: M. MittelstadtGOOAAALLLL!!! NGANKAM! WHAT AN IMPACT! 3-3! Straight off the bench, the Hertha man is on the scoresheet! He stoops to head past Neuer and Bayern are pegged back once more.,1
Dodi LukebakioHertha · Midfielder #11Lukebakio has been a threat throughout for Hertha but now makes way for Ngankam.,0
sst: T. MüllerGOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI HAT-TRICK! Incredible! 3-2 Bayern! The striker digs his side out of trouble. Muller knocks the free-kick down and Lewandowski is first to react just a couple of yards out to tap in.,1
nabry is the next in the book as he takes the free-kick quickly following Piatek's foul.,2
iatek has been very clumsy since his introduction and earns a booking for stepping on Goretzka's foot.,2
Asst: K. PiatekGOOAAALLLL!!! MATHEUS CUNHA! IT'S 2-2! Hertha are level thanks to a wonderful goal from their number 10! The Brazilian dances inside from the left, trades passes with Piatek and is suddenly through, coolly finishing to send Neuer the wrong way.,1
Deyovaisio ZeefuikHertha · Midfielder #42Hertha make an attacking switch of their own, introducing striker Piatek for Zeefuik.,0
Chris RichardsBayern · Defender #41Bayern are back to their regular defence from last season with Pavard on for young Richards at right-back.,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21An attacking Bayern change as they look to put the game to bed. Musiala replaces Hernandez, meaning Davies can drop back into the defence.,0
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6In the centre of midfield, Bayern replaced Kimmich with Tolisso.,0
Asst: M. CunhaGOOAAALLLL!!! CORDOBA! It's back to 2-1! Hertha are right back in this thanks to their striker, a nuisance throughout. Cordoba might be slightly fortunate to still be on the pitch following a number of fouls, but he powers a header into the net via Neuer's weak right hand.,1
Hernandez has taken a couple of kicks from Cordoba, but a foul going the other way - a blatant tug - sees the defender into the book.,2
sst: C. RichardsGOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI AGAIN! 2-0 Bayern! This is outstanding from the form man in European football! He meets a low ball from the right, beats his marker with one touch and arrows a finish into the bottom-left corner with another. Clinical!,1
OOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI! This one will count! 1-0 Bayern! Schwolow makes a superb stop from an initial Lewandowski header when Richards crosses, but the rebound is cut back to the striker to lash in at close range.,1
Cordoba picks up a rather clumsy yellow card. A magnificent touch brings the ball down, but he then attempts a spectacular strike from close to 30 yards and instead catches Hernandez, who steps in to make the challenge.,2
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Antony comes off following a bright but goalless performance, as Erik Ten Hag bolsters the defence with the late introduction of Victor Lindelof.,0
Mads RoerslevBrentford · Defender #30Brentford make their fourth and fifth changes of the game, with Roerslev replaced at right wing-back by Aaron Hickey.,0
Christian NørgaardBrentford · Midfielder #6Norgaard is the last substitution for the Bees, and Yoane Wissa comes on to provide some more attacking impetus for the final 15 minutes.,0
Jadon SanchoMan United · Midfielder #25Anthony Martial also enters the fray, replacing Sancho, and it'll be interesting to see if the Frenchman plays down the left, as Sancho did, or swap positions with Rashford up front.,0
Marcel SabitzerMan United · Midfielder #15United make their first changes of the half, with Fred replacing Sabitzer at the base of midfield.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Kevin Schade will also come on, as he replaces Mbeumo to assist Toney in the Bees' front two.,0
Mikkel DamsgaardBrentford · Midfielder #24The booked Damsgaard also comes off for the Bees, with Josh Dasilva joining Baptiste and Norgaard in the engine room.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8A triple change coming from the visitors, the first of which sees Jensen replaced by Shandon Baptiste in midfield.,0
 Brentford corner is easily dealt with by the hosts, who look to set off on a fast break before Norgaard trips Fernandes on the edge of his own box. United win the free-kick, and Norgaard goes into the book.,2
amsgaard turns and sets off for goal, striding into space down the right. Fernandes quickly closes the gap, but can't win the ball cleanly as he slides in from behind, receiving a yellow card from the referee's pocket.,2
Antony and McTominay play a one-two on halfway, sending the midfielder racing through the middle. He's barged over by Damsgaard 40 yards from goal though, with the Bees playmaker shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2
McTominay recklessly slides in on Jensen, who rides the challenge well, but the nature of the attempt sees the referee issue the Manchester United midfielder with a yellow card.,2
Luke ShawMan United · Defender #23Erik Ten Hag makes a first-half substitution, bringing off an injured Shaw for Tyrell Malacia at left-back.,0
Asst: M. SabitzerGOOOOAAALLL!!! It's that man again!!! United's initial corner is cleared, but Antony crosses back into the centre of the box. Sabitzer rises to head the ball down, and Rashford's there to smash home the bouncing ball and give his side a 1-0 lead! An instinctive finish from a striker who has the Midas touch at the moment, and the Red Devils make their dominance count!,1
Toney and Mbeumo collectively bring down a high ball in Manchester United's half, but the former is chopped down recklessly from behind by Shaw as he looks to release his strike partner! Shaw goes into the book, becoming the first player to do so in this game.,2
Adam ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #9Final change for Southampton now and it's a defensive one. Armstrong goes off, with Lyanco replacing him.,0
Pulisic tried to take it past Armstrong, but lost out to the winger, and then fouled Djenepo in his attempts to win it back. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Romain PerraudSouthampton · Defender #15Southampton are making their second change before they take their corner. Perraud goes off for Djenepo.,0
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5And lastly, Chilwell comes on in place of Jorginho.,0
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Defender #28Azpilicueta is also making way, with Broja coming on to face the side for whom he played on loan last season.,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Chelsea are making a triple change as they look to get back into this game. Havertz is the first to go off, with Pulisic on for him.,0
ard-Prowse clips the back of Ziyech's heels to stop him from breaking on the counter and earns himself a booking.,2
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Lavia does make his way straight off the pitch after receiving treatment, and Aribo comes on in his place.,0
Salisu steps across Sterling to block his run and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2
Ruben Loftus-CheekChelsea · Midfielder #12There's a change for Chelsea at the break as Kovacic comes on for the second half to replace Loftus-Cheek, due to a knee problem.,0
sst: R. PerraudARMSTRONG SCORES! It's a wonderful move by Southampton! Ward-Prowse pulls back into space and ignores the shouts to shoot from the crowd and sweeps it out to Perraud. He fizzes his cross in and Armstrong takes a touch before firing it into the back of the net with the help of a deflection off Koulibaly. 2-1 Southampton!,1
LAVIA EQUALISES! It's a brilliant goal! It's not the best corner from Ward-Prowse, with Havertz stretching to block it, but his interception only goes as far as Lavia. He sets himself with his first touch before firing his shot past Mendy and into the bottom-right corner for his first Southampton goal. 1-1!,1
STERLING SCORES! Chelsea break on the counter again, with Mount leading the charge for the Blues this time. He plays a one-two with Havertz on the left wing and unselfishly squares it to Sterling. Perraud slides in to cut it out, but the ball bounces up nicely for Sterling, and he slots it into the empty net. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
Fabian KlosArminia · Striker #9Late substitution by the visitors now, with Klos the man coming off and he has been replaced by Van der Hoorn.,0
Kunze is booked for his late lunge on Tolisso, which catches the Bayern man high on his leg. Poor challenge.,2
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Tolisso for his late challenge on Kunze.,2
GOAL! Davies equalises for Bayern, it’s 3-3! Wonderful strike by Davies as the ball fell perfectly to him on the edge of the penalty area and he took it first time on the volley and smashed it into the bottom left-hand corner of the net. Moreno had no chance of saving it!,1
Michel VlapArminia · Midfielder #28The other change sees Vlap head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Cordova.,0
Andreas VoglsammerArminia · Midfielder #21Arminia make a double substitution now, with Voglsammer the first man coming off and he has been replaced by Seufert.,0
Bouna SarrBayern · Defender #20Bayern with their first substitution of the game, with Sarr the man coming off and he has been replaced by Kimmich.,0
Asst: L. SanéGOAL! Tolisso fires Bayern back into the game as he makes it 3-2! Sane cuts in from the right and delivers a lovely cross deep into the penalty area and Tolisso just manages to stay onside and then powers a header into the back of the net. Game on.,1
sst: A. VoglsammerGOAL! Arminia have restored their two-goal advantage and they lead 3-1! Voglsammer does brilliantly down the left wing and he sprints past Sarr, who should do better as he allows the winger to get into the box and he then squares it across goal to Gebauer, who had a simple tap-in from just a few yards out.,1
sst: D. AlabaGOAL! Lewandowski pulls one back for Bayern and it’s 2-1! The striker chests down a lovely ball over the top by Alaba and then spins and volleys it into the bottom left-hand corner of the net. Brilliant finish by Lewandowski.,1
Ritsu DoanArminia · Midfielder #8Here is the enforced change for the visitors, with Doan the man coming off and he has been replaced by Gebauer.,0
sst: M. VlapGOAL! Arminia double their advantage and they now lead 2-0! It’s a free header for Pieper as a terrific corner is whipped into the box and he gets away from Alaba and then powers the ball into the top right-hand corner of the net. Bayern look stunned.,1
Asst: M. PrietlGOAL! Arminia take the lead early on, it’s 1-0! Wonderful turn and finish by Vlap after the visitors push forward on their first attack of the game. Prietl plays it into Vlap and he curls the ball into the left-hand corner of the net, with Neuer unable to get anywhere near it. Superb strike.,1
Ben WhiteBrighton · Defender #3Brighton have also made a change, with White replaced by Moder.,0
Mbaye DiagneWest Brom · Striker #17Third and final West Brom substitution now, with Diagne heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Robson-Kanu.,0
Matheus PereiraWest Brom · Midfielder #12Another West Brom substitution now and they seem to be trying to see the game out, with Pereira the man coming off and he has been replaced by Ivanovic.,0
Matthew PhillipsWest Brom · Midfielder #10West Brom make their first substitution of the game, with Phillips the man coming off and he has been replaced by Diangana.,0
Aaron ConnollyBrighton · Midfielder #7Another Brighton substitution now, with Connolly the man coming off and he has been replaced by Welbeck.,0
Alexis Mac AllisterBrighton · Midfielder #10Brighton have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Mac Allister the man coming off and he has been replaced by Lallana.,0
sst: C. GallagherGOAL! West Brom are ahead after just 11 minutes, it's 1-0! Bartley rises highest as a corner is whipped into the box by Gallagher and the centre-back nods it into the far corner of the net, giving Sanchez no chance of saving it. The perfect start for the Baggies.,1
Yarmoliuk receives a yellow for his involvement in the altercation, which also saw Kamara sent off.,2
artinez goes into the book after grabbing Maupay who was on the floor. It was silly from the Aston Villa goalkeeper in the final few minutes of the game.,2
It's all kicking off! Kamara is sent off! Martinez appeared to push Maupay to the floor, and the Villa goalkeeper pulled the forward off the ground, sparking another brawl. Kamara grabbed Yarmoliuk round the neck and the referee produced a red card.,3
aupay charges down Martinez and the Villa goalkeeper goes to ground, with the Brentford striker booked in the process.,2
Onyeka makes a late challenge close to the sideline and goes into the book.,2
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41It's another substitution from Villa as Ramsey comes off the pitch. Dendoncker comes on to add some solidity in midfield.,0
Mads RoerslevBrentford · Midfielder #30Roerslev's game is over with Oluwakorede entering the fray in the final few minutes.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Janelt is taken off shortly after his booking, with Yarmoliuk coming on in his place.,0
Janelt goes into the book for a reckless challenge inside the Aston Villa half.,2
Duran was also given a yellow for his involvement in the altercation.,2
Ghoddos was involved in an altercation with the Villa players after they celebrated in front of the Brentford supporters.,2
onsa was the first player to confront Ghoddos, which sparked a mass reaction from both sides, and he was booked for his involvement.,2
Asst: B. KamaraGOOOOAAAALLL!!! 2-1!! Aston Villa are in front! Emery's side have completed the turnaround. From the corner, Ramsey delivered into the box, and it was flicked on by Kamara. Watkins timed his run to perfection and arrived late inside the six-yard box to power a header into the back of the net. The red card has had a major impact on Brentford and Villa have taken advantage!,1
Pau TorresAston Villa · Defender #14Emery makes another attacking change as Villa now search for a winner. Zaniolo comes on in place of Torres, signalling a change in shape for the away side.,0
Bailey goes into the book for an aggressive challenge on Janelt.,2
Asst: L. BaileyGOOOAAALLLL!!! 1-1!!! Aston Villa equalise! McGinn finds Bailey on the right-hand side, just inside the Brentford box. The winger stands up his marker before floating a delivery towards the back post. It evades all the opposition defenders, and Moreno comes storming in to send a bullet header beyond Flekken between the sticks! Emery’s side finally find the back of the net!,1
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Brentford make a defensive change after the red card, with central defender Collins coming on for striker Wissa.,0
Mee is sent off! The referee had to go to the monitor to check the challenge and Mee has been given his marching orders. It was a reckless tackle from the Brentford defender, but Frank is furious on the sideline!,3
Mikkel DamsgaardBrentford · Midfielder #24Frank looks to tighten up his midfield, adding fresh legs, with Onyeka entering the fray. Damsgaard is the player to make way.,0
Keane Lewis-PotterBrentford · Striker #23Brentford make a change in attack, with goalscorer Lewis-Potter replaced by Maupay.,0
Moussa DiabyAston Villa · Striker #19Diaby, who hasn't been involved as much as he would have hoped, is taken off. Duran comes on in his place in what is an attacking change from the Villa manager.,0
Matty CashAston Villa · Midfielder #2Emery makes a change as Villa search for an equaliser, with Bailey coming on in place of Cash.,0
GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 BRENTFORD!! The Bees win a corner and Ghoddos looks to send a delivery into the box. It's a dangerous one and Emery's side struggle to deal with it as it cannons off a defender towards the edge of the box. Moreno goes to clear but Lewis-Potter knicks the ball in front of him before firing into the back of the net! They haven't had many chances, but they were clinical this time around!,1
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Midfielder #26Ighalo comes on for Greenwood and has just a few minutes to change his team's fortunes.,0
Joan JordánSevilla · Midfielder #24Sevilla make a change of their own in response, with Gudelj replacing Jordan in midfield.,0
Brandon WilliamsMan United · Defender #53Solskjaer now makes a triple-substitution as he desperately searches for a late equaliser. Williams comes off for Fosu-Mensah in the first change.,0
Aaron Wan-BissakaMan United · Defender #29Rashford is also sacrificed, with the speedy James coming on in the closing stages.,0
Munir is also booked in the aftermath of that challenge, despite winning the free-kick.,2
aguire is shown a yellow card for a foul on Munir as frustration starts to bubble over.,2
Asst: J. NavasGOAL!!! SEVILLA ARE IN FRONT!!! United switch off at the back as Navas crosses from the right, with Lindelof and Wan-Bissaka both failing to mark De Jong, and the substitute prods in from close-range as the delivery finds him in the six-yard box! It's 2-1 to Sevilla now!,1
SusoSevilla · Striker #41Suso is now taken off, with Vazquez replacing him as Lopetegui continues to add fresh legs in the final third.,0
Rashford picks up a needless yellow card as a throw-in goes Sevilla's way, slamming the ball into the ground in frustration.,2
Youssef En-NesyriSevilla · Striker #51En-Nesyri is also replaced, with De Jong coming on up front as Lopetegui freshens up his attack.,0
Lucas OcamposSevilla · Striker #5Surprisingly, Lopetegui brings Ocampos off for Munir in the first part of a double-substitution. The winger must have picked up a knock.,0
Asst: ReguilónGOAL!!! SUSO LEVELS THE SCORES!! Reguilon storms down the left, collects a pass from Ocampos and flashes a low ball across the face of goal that just evades United's defenders before Suso arrives to fire in at the near post! It's 1-1! ,1
Sevilla are committing a lot of men forward when they attack - the full-backs are particularly high - and United are finding plenty of space to counter into. Carlos is forced to pick up a yellow card for a foul on Martial to prevent the Red Devils breaking away.,2
Williams slips as he goes to challenge for the ball and his trailing leg catches Jordan on the top of the ankle. The young full-back is shown a yellow card.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL!! FERNANDES SCORES!! The midfielder scores in trademark style, hopping just before making contact with the ball and guiding his shot into the top-left corner past the outstretched arm of Bounou! It's 1-0 to United now!,1
GOALLL!!! 4-1! GROSS! Brighton end any chance of a Chelsea comeback as Gross scores a fourth for the hosts! Mendy makes two saves to stop Enciso from scoring but Gross is quickest to the second rebound! Game over!,1
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Striker #11Goalscorer Trossard makes way for Sarmiento as De Zerbi looks to secure his first win as Brighton manager.,0
Enciso receives a yellow card after giving away a free-kick deep in his own half.,2
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #10Pulisic comes off for Broja as Chelsea now have three strikers on the pitch.,0
Conor GallagherChelsea · Midfielder #23Ziyech replaces Gallagher as Chelsea push a for at least a point in this game.,0
Kaoru MitomaBrighton · Midfielder #22Lamptey replaces Mitoma as Brighton look to prioritise defending their lead rather than adding to it.,0
Marc CucurellaChelsea · Defender #32Chilwell comes on for Cucurella as Chelsea move to a back four.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #17Aubameyang replaces Sterling to lead the attacking line with Havertz.,0
Asst: C. GallagherGOALLL!!! 3-1! HAVERTZ! Havertz pulls a goal back for Chelsea early in the second half! Gallagher sends in a good cross and Havertz’s header is too powerful for Sanchez!,1
Kepa ArrizabalagaChelsea · Goalkeeper #1Mendy replaces Kepa in goal for Chelsea as the Spaniard has an injury.,0
ovacic receives the first booking of the game after a very reckless challenge on March.,2
Asst: K. MitomaGOALL!!! TROSSARD 1-0!!! Trossard gives Brighton the lead! Mitoma dribbles forward with the ball and plays it to Trossard in the box. He rounds Kepa and beats two defenders on the line with a composed finish.,1
sst: K. MbappePSG PULL LEVEL! Played through by Mbappe, Ramos finally sees his luck change in front of goal, bringing it back to 1-1 at Parc des Princes! The Portuguese striker stays cool to beat Ndiaye with a low shot into the bottom-left corner, and Clermont are left heartbroken! Can PSG now find a late winner?,1
Habib KeïtaClermont Foot · Midfielder #6Goalscorer Keita has finally run out of steam, so Bela will replace him.,0
or hauling back Cham on the halfway line, Ugarte is yellow-carded. That's the first booking for either side today.,2
Yohann MagninClermont Foot · Striker #7Clermont skipper Magnin is now withdrawn, and Jacquet comes on to replace him for the closing stages.,0
Randal Kolo MuaniPSG · Striker #23Kolo Muani also departs, as Kylian Mbappe comes on to make his 300th PSG appearance.,0
Senny MayuluPSG · Striker #41Finally, young Mayulu - denied a dream goal by the VAR earlier on - makes way for Kang-In Lee.,0
Milan ŠkriniarPSG · Defender #37With his team slipping towards a humbling defeat, Luis Enrique finally acts: the first change of a triple substitution sees Skriniar replaced by Marquinhos, who now ties with Jean-Marc Pilorget for most PSG appearances ever made (435).,0
Alan VirginiusClermont Foot · Striker #26A lonely shift up front comes to an end for Virginius, who set up this game's only goal. Nicholson replaces him.,0
Jim AllevinahClermont Foot · Midfielder #11A tearful Allevinah cannot continue due to injury, so Zeffane replaces him just before half-time.,0
sst: A. VirginiusCLERMONT STUN PARIS! They've done it again! Les Lanciers tend to raise their game against PSG! After some awful defending from the hosts, a brilliant pass on the turn by Virginius lands at the feet of Keita, whose deflected shot beats Tenas and nestles in the back of the net! Against all the odds, it's 1-0 to Clermont!,1
Nordi MukielePSG · Defender #26Hakimi's planned rest is cancelled, as he comes on for the injured Mukiele at right-back.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #27With little time remaining, Zidane allows Jovic to stretch his legs - withdrawing Rodrygo. ,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Zidane calls upon the fresh legs of Valverde, who will enter the match in place of Modric. ,0
Federico San EmeterioValladolid · Midfielder #16Immediately after going behind, Real Valladolid replace San Emeterio with De La Fuente. ,0
sst: T. KroosNACHO’S DIPPING HEADER PUTS MADRID IN THE LEAD! Kroos’ corner is beaten away by a Valladolid head, but it’s delivered back to the midfielder, whose second effort finds the head of his right-back at the edge of the six-yard box! It's a nifty finish into the back post - evading centre-back and goalkeeper in the process! ,1
Enes ÜnalValladolid · Striker #9Plano comes on for Unal as we enter the final 15 minutes of the match. ,0
ollowing the breakdown in Madrid’s attack, Valladolid get it forward through the Villa. Just as the substitute looks to get into midfield, Nacho drags him down cynically, earning a yellow card.,2
IscoReal Madrid · Striker #22Real Madrid’s first change sees Isco replaced by Vazquez.,0
MíchelValladolid · Midfielder #21Michel is replaced by Villa with just over 30 minutes remaining as Real Valladolid make their first change.,0
Modric is pushed off the ball in midfield, but a free-kick is not awarded as play is allowed to continue. The non-call infuriates the midfielder, who says something to the fourth official; words worthy of a yellow card.,2
he hosts relieve the pressure by winning the ball back, before firing it into midfield for Unal. The striker turns and looks to charge towards goal, but Varane is there to bring him down - earning the defender a yellow.,2
A dangerous and wild two-footed slide on Rodrygo sees Fernandez shown an early yellow card.,2
Jaidon AnthonyBournemouth · Midfielder #32And Anthony also makes way, with Vina on for him.,0
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9There's a double change for Bournemouth as well. Solanke goes off, with Semenyo on in his place.,0
Stefan BajčetićLiverpool · Midfielder #43The final roll of the dice for Liverpool sees Carvalho replace Bajcetic for the last few minutes.,0
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8Lerma is also taken off, with Cook on in his place.,0
Adam SmithBournemouth · Defender #15Smith hasn't been moving comfortably since coming back on, and his game is now over. He goes off to be replaced by Fredericks.,0
ournemouth are attempting another quick counter, but it's stopped by Konate, who wrestles Solanke to the ground. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth are making their first change following the penalty miss. It's Billing that's going off, with Christie on in his place.,0
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #27And Nunez is taken off, with Firmino coming on for him.,0
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Fabinho is also making way, with Henderson replacing him.,0
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66Liverpool are making a triple change here as they look for an equaliser. Alexander-Arnold is the first to go off, with Milner on for him.,0
Gakpo drops deep to get on the ball again and makes another driving run through the middle. This time Anthony chases him, dragging him back, and he goes into the book too.,2
Gakpo spins away from Lerma in the centre circle before driving through the middle. Billing slides in to clip him from behind and receives the first booking of the game.,2
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Liverpool are making a change at the start of the second half, with Jota coming on to replace Elliott.,0
Asst: D. OuattaraBILLING SCORES! It's lifted over the top to Ouattara, who gets the better of Van Dijk with his pace and does well to leave the defender behind. He pulls it back from the byline and Billing is unmarked in the middle to turn it past a static Alisson with his first touch. A VAR check shows Ouattara was onside, and it stands! 1-0 Bournemouth!,1
Mohammed KudusWest Ham · Midfielder #14A late change for the home side as Kudus is replaced by Cornet for the final minutes.,0
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16A late change for Bournemouth as Tavernier makes way for Faivre who makes his first start since returning from his loan spell at Lorient.,0
ook commits a rather cynical foul on Ings down the right side as the Hammers striker looks to break away. The midfielder is shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Lloyd KellyBournemouth · Defender #5Kerkez will replace Kelly as he hobbles off the pitch.,0
Bowen flies into a fifty-fifty challenge with Zabarnyi but catches the defender late. It will be a yellow card for the West Ham forward.,2
Kalvin PhillipsWest Ham · Midfielder #11West Ham also make a change as Phillips departs after a mixed debut. Former Cherries man Ings comes on in his place.,0
Alex ScottBournemouth · Midfielder #14Scott also makes way, with Kluivert replacing him.,0
Antoine SemenyoBournemouth · Midfielder #24Bournemouth make a double change as Semenyo departs for Sinisterra.,0
Kudus is causing real problems down his West Ham right. He draws another foul and this time Christie is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
enalty GoalGOOOAAAALLL!! WEST HAM EQUALISE! 1-1! Neto dives to his right but Ward-Prowse smashes it down the middle and the home side are level.,1
OAAALLL!! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD! 1-0! What a nightmare start in a West Ham shirt for Phillips. The Englishman is caught in possession on the edge of his box and, under pressure from Christie, gifts the ball to Solanke who slots home past Areola. The goal was initially ruled out for offside but the final touch came off the West Ham midfielder so the goal stands.,1
sst: K. EdwardsGOOAAALLLL!!! ZOHORE! It's back to 3-2! Surely not?! Edwards does brilliantly to get in on the left and squares for Zohore to tap in. There are seconds for West Brom to get an equaliser now, from three down!,1
Valentino LazaroNewcastle · Midfielder #23SUB: This is very much a defensive Newcastle change. Lejeune replaces Lazaro.,0
Chris BruntWest Brom · Midfielder #11SUB: West Brom replace experience with youth. Tulloch is on for Brunt.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Midfielder #10SUB: Saint-Maximin, only fit for the bench at the weekend, lasts 80 minutes. Gayle comes on to a good ovation from the supporters of his former club.,0
YELLOW: This is all getting a little nervy for Newcastle. Darlow takes an age to take a goal-kick and goes into the book for timewasting.,2
Asst: K. ZohorèGOOAAALLLL!!! PHILLIPS! West Brom pull it back to 3-1! They finally have their goal! There is a mad scramble in the centre of the penalty area, with Newcastle struggling to clear. The ball finally arrives on Phillips' toe, and he smashes past Darlow. Can West Brom rally from here?,1
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24SUB: There is no first hat-trick in English football for Almiron. He makes way for Shelvey, who returned from injury on Saturday.,0
Charlie AustinWest Brom · Striker #15SUB: West Brom go for a change of approach in attack. Zohore is on for Austin.,0
YELLOW: Newcastle just need to be a little careful. A goal brings West Brom back into this. A poor Bentaleb touch in his own third results in a foul on Austin and a card.,2
Gareth BarryWest Brom · Midfielder #18SUB: The veteran Barry has struggled with the pace of the game and makes way for Krovinovic.,0
GOOAAALLLL!!! LAZARO! 3-0 Newcastle! The visitors are well on their way now! Lazaro has a scrappy first goal in English football. Almiron switches from right to left to find Saint-Maximin, whose low delivery is parried by Bond straight against Lazaro's chest. The ball bounces into the net in front of the delirious Newcastle fans.,1
Asst: JoelintonGOOAAALLLL!!! ALMIRON AGAIN! 2-0 Newcastle! What a goal and what a time to score it! Manquillo links up well with Lazaro on the right, although the low cross is cut out. It falls kindly for Joelinton, however, and the striker finds Almiron in unorthodox fashion. A left-footed finish is powerful and high and hits the net.,1
YELLOW: This was always coming. Rose fouled Phillips twice in quick succession a little while ago, and his third late challenge on the same man is greeted with a card.,2
Asst: A. Saint-MaximinGOOAAALLLL!!! ALMIRON! 1-0 Newcastle! Brilliant, brilliant goal. Saint-Maximin times his pass to perfection, and Almiron races away from Bartley. The Paraguayan - so often profligate - keeps his composure and fires beyond Bond.,1
After arguing with Handanovic following the final whistle, Cuadrado now joins Lukaku in seeing red! It's a chaotic conclusion to the match!,3
ollowing a post-match tussle with Cuadrado, Inter's captain is also dismissed: Handanovic sees red!,3
Due to his reaction to Inter's equaliser, Cuadrado is booked by the referee.,2
After reacting angrily to provocation from the crowd following his converted penalty, Lukaku is sensationally sent off!,3
Penalty GoalINTER EQUALISE! Coolly, calmly, Lukaku steps up and slots his penalty into the bottom-left corner! Perin went the wrong way! It's 1-1 in the final minute of stoppage time!,1
Substitute Miretti receives a yellow card for going in high on a challenge with Asllani.,2
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Inzaghi makes a final switch up front, as the ineffective Martinez is replaced by his compatriot, Correa.,0
JUVE LEAD! Once again, the Bianconeri outlast their opponents and strike late on! This time, Cuadrado beats Handanovic with an unerring low drive from the right side of the six-yard box and puts the home side 1-0 ahead! Bastoni tried his best to clear it on the line, but to no avail!,1
Danilo D'AmbrosioInter · Defender #33As Dumfries replaces the withdrawn D'Ambrosio and slots in on the right flank, Darmian drops into the back three.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77A subdued performance from Brozovic is over; Asllani comes on in central midfield.,0
A cynical late lunge from Lukaku hacks down Gatti by the corner flag and is deemed worthy of a yellow card by the referee.,2
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #9Starved of service today, Vlahovic is predictably withdrawn. Milik comes on to provide fresh legs up front for Juve.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32A straight swap on the left sees Gosens take the place of Dimarco, who is just back from injury.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Inzaghi now responds with a double change of his own. First, Lukaku replaces a tired-looking Dzeko.,0
Ángel Di MaríaJuventus · Midfielder #22A dire display from Di Maria is mercifully brought to its end by Allegri, as Chiesa comes on in his place.,0
Nicolò FagioliJuventus · Midfielder #44Fagioli's lively showing is not enough to see him given a full 90 minutes; fellow youngster Miretti comes on in midfield.,0
For his second display of dissent in a few minutes, Brozovic earns himself a yellow card - the first of today's game.,2
Mislav OršićDinamo Zagreb · Striker #99Star striker Orsic now takes his leave, with Spikic given a brief run-out in his place.,0
or clipping the heels of Gallagher in midfield, the weary Moharrami receives a yellow card.,2
Arijan AdemiDinamo Zagreb · Midfielder #5A last throw of the dice by Cacic sees a double Dinamo change. First, skipper Ademi is replaced by young Bulat in midfield.,0
Bruno PetkovićDinamo Zagreb · Striker #9After opening the scoring at Stamford Bridge, Petkovic's influence has waned. He makes way for Swiss striker Drmic.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Striker #17Scorer of Chelsea's equaliser today, Sterling makes way in the closing stages; Pulisic is on for a brief cameo.,0
Denis ZakariaChelsea · Midfielder #20After scoring on his Champions League debut for Chelsea, Zakaria has now picked up an apparently minor injury and can't continue. Therefore, Loftus-Cheek is brought on as his replacement.,0
Stefan RistovskiDinamo Zagreb · Defender #13Cacic makes an attacking change, as Ristovski is withdrawn for Emreli.,0
Kalidou KoulibalyChelsea · Defender #26Finally, Koulibaly steps aside for Thiago Silva in central defence.,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Midfielder #29Potter decides to make a triple substitution, with an important weekend fixture perhaps in mind. First, the impressive Havertz makes way for Gallagher.,0
 blatant rugby-style tackle on Zakaria's waist sees Ivanusec's name taken by the referee; he's the latest man booked.,2
A terribly mistimed challenge by Koulibaly on Petkovic sends the latter crashing to the turf; deservedly the Chelsea centre-back is then booked.,2
CHELSEA GO IN FRONT! Forgotten man Zakaria pops up on the edge of the area and applies the finish to a smart Chelsea move with a low shot that just trickles over the line despite the best efforts of Moharrami. Havertz was instrumental in the build-up, and the German's pull-back from the touchline was deflected right into Zakaria's path - it's now 2-1 to the hosts!,1
For flicking a leg out at Mount, who is escaping upfield, Misic is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Asst: P. AubameyangCHELSEA STRIKE BACK! Sterling hauls the hosts level at Stamford Bridge! Jorginho's incisive throughball from midfield finds Aubameyang in the box, before a cute backheel sets up Sterling, who sidesteps a challenge and coolly slots the ball into the bottom-left corner! It's now 1-1, and all to play for!,1
INAMO LEAD! With their first attack of the match, the Croatian champions strike! Capitalising on a lack of urgency in the Chelsea defence, Moharrami stands up a cross from the right flank to the far post, which is headed back into the path of Petkovic, who simply nods the ball past Mendy from close range and into the back of the net! 1-0 to Dinamo Zagreb!,1
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9Wood is withdrawn for the final minutes for Brady.,0
Westwood brings down Lanzini on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Rodriguez comes on for the closing stages to replace Barnes.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #18Fornals is withdrawn for the visitors and replaced by Ajeti.,0
Felipe AndersonWest Ham · Midfielder #8Felipe Anderson is withdrawn for Lanzini for the visitors.,0
ee brings down Haller and goes into the book for his poor challenge.,2
sst: D. McNeilGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! WOOD SCORES THIS TIME!!!! 2-0 BURNLEY!!!! Wood and McNeil combine for a legal goal, leaving the forward to celebrate with a cheeky VAR signal. West Ham are the architects of their own downfall as Roberto throws the ball out to Balbuena. He is robbed by McNeil and the winger sends a low ball towards Wood in the box. The striker powers a left-footed drive towards the left-bottom corner, beating the hand of Roberto to find the back of the net.,1
Mark NobleWest Ham · Midfielder #16A blow for West Ham to lose their skipper as Noble makes way for Yarmolenko.,0
Asst: J. TarkowskiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BARNES CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 1-0!!!! Burnley take the lead as the striker sticks out a leg to divert the ball past Roberto. McNeil's cross from a corner goes deep to the back post. Tarkowski rises to head across goal above Balbuena. Barnes is there to react first and he steers his effort into the back of the net.,1
obertson makes a brilliant run into Chelsea's half from the edge of his own box and Alonso gets a booking for bringing him down. ,2
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Klopp is trying to run down the clock a little now with his final change as Gomez comes on to replace Salah.,0
he yellow card is out again and is shown to Milner this time after he slid into a challenge on Zouma.,2
Once again, Chelsea feel they should've had a free-kick that they didn't get and Kovacic has talked himself into a booking.,2
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Second change from Klopp now and Lallana is coming on to replace Henderson. ,0
abinho is the latest player to receive a yellow card after he drags Batshuayi to the ground. ,2
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Final roll of the dice for Chelsea now and Lampard brings on Batshuayi in place of Abraham.,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Klopp makes his first change of the game following Chelsea's goal and it's Milner that comes on in place of Mane. ,0
sst: C. AzpilicuetaGREAT GOAL FROM KANTE! He turns past Fabinho wonderfully and then isn't closed down as he makes the run to the edge of the box and sets himself for the shot. He fires his effort past Adrian and into the top right corner. 2-1!,1
Alexander-Arnold is shown a yellow card now for time-wasting.,2
Andreas ChristensenChelsea · Defender #4Christensen is in a lot of pain as he's helped down the tunnel by the medical team and Lampard brings on Zouma to replace him.,0
sst: A. RobertsonFIRMINO SCORES! Minutes after Chelsea have a goal ruled out, Liverpool double their lead! A free-kick on the left is crossed brilliantly into the box by Robertson and Firmino rises higher than anyone else to get his head on it and send his effort past Kepa. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
Tomori is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Henderson as he slid in to try and win the ball.,2
Emerson PalmieriChelsea · Defender #33There's an early change here for Chelsea as Emerson has to come off the field with an injury. Alonso comes on to replace him.,0
Asst: M. SalahALEXANDER-ARNOLD PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD! The away side have a free-kick on the edge of the box which Salah just drags backwards into the right-back's path. Alexander-Arnold runs onto it and fires his effort straight into the top right corner. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
Fekir catches Paredes late with a nasty challenge and is maybe fortunate that it is only a yellow card. Paredes is equally as fortunate to avoid an injury.,2
Draxler fouls his opponent to stop the break and is shown a yellow card late on.,2
Juan BernatPSG · Midfielder #14Bernat makes way for Diaby with four minutes of normal time to play at the Groupama Stadium. Not many people will dare to leave the ground early!,0
Edinson CavaniPSG · Striker #9Choupo-Moting is brought on for Cavani in PSG's forward line. It has been a frustrating day for the visitors' attacking stars - can the incoming player have a big say on the match?,0
Presnel KimpembePSG · Defender #3New signing Paredes is introduced in place of Kimpembe. Tuchel always planned to bring on Paredes at some point but that ideally would have been with his side ahead.,0
Bertrand TraoréLyon · Midfielder #10Traore is the man to make way for Cornet in Lyon's second change of the contest. Tuchel has yet to turn to his bench, with less than 15 minutes of normal time now left to play.,0
Houssem AouarLyon · Midfielder #8Tousart is brought on to help protect the back four, taking over from Aouar in that area of the field.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAALLL!!! LYON 2-1 PSG! Fekir watches Areola dive towards his left and he tucks the ball the opposite way. Lyon lead PSG and it is no more than they deserve.,1
sst: L. DuboisGOOOOAAALLLL!!! LYON 1-1 PSG! Areola has been phenomenal in the first 32 minutes of the match, but this has to go down as an error on his behalf. Dubois' cross from the right is a simple one to gather, but Areola loses his footing and Dembele gets to the ball first to power home a header from a few yards out.,1
impembe catches Fekir and is shown the game's first yellow card by experienced referee Clement Turpin.,2
Asst: J. DraxlerGOOOAAALLL!!! LYON 0-1 PSG! PSG open the scoring at the Groupama Stadium through Di Maria's fifth league goal of the season. Draxler takes the ball off Aouar and springs a four-on-three counter, slipping the ball to his left for Di Maria to pick his spot past Lopes.,1
Gallagher's frustration gets the better of him as he clips White with a late tackle. He picks up a yellow card.,2
Wesley FofanaChelsea · Defender #33Chelsea's final change sees Chalobah coming on for Fofana.,0
JorginhoArsenal · Midfielder #20And Jorginho is also taken off, with Partey on in his place.,0
Gabriel MagalhãesArsenal · Defender #6Arsenal are making another double change now. Gabriel went down again and this time did receive treatment on his foot. They're taking no chances as he's replaced by Holding.,0
ovacic slides in on Jesus, and goes through the player as he gets the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Noni MaduekeChelsea · Striker #31Fourth change for Chelsea now, and it's Ziyech that's coming on in place of the goalscorer, Madueke.,0
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35Arsenal are making a double change of their own now. Zinchenko is taken off for Tierney.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Striker #17And Sterling is also making way for Gallagher.,0
Enzo FernándezChelsea · Midfielder #5There's a double change for Chelsea here as they look to pull another goal back. Fernandez is the first to go off, with Mudryk replacing him.,0
Asst: M. KovačićMADUEKE PULLS ONE BACK! He's been Chelsea's best player today, and he's pulled one back for the Blues! Kovacic isn't closed down in midfield and he spreads it out to Madueke on the right. Zinchenko doesn't pick up his run. and the youngster takes the shot quickly, lifting it over Ramsdale as he clatters into Gabriel. 3-1!,1
Leandro TrossardArsenal · Striker #19Arsenal are making their first change now, and it's Trossard that's being replaced by Martinelli.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangChelsea · Striker #9Chelsea are making a change at the break. Aubameyang, who struggled to have an impact against his former club, goes off for Havertz.,0
ESUS SCORES! Things get worse for Chelsea! The visitors half-clear their lines from an earlier Arsenal attack, but it's worked back into the box through White's deep cross. Gabriel's shot is blocked as is Xhaka's next to him, but Fofana can't get it away and Jesus is there to fire in the rebound. 3-0 Arsenal!,1
sst: G. XhakaODEGAARD SCORES AGAIN! It comes down Chelsea's left again, with Trossard at the heart of it as he opens up the space for Xhaka. The midfielder once again gets his head up to square a low cross into the middle and Odegaard helps it into the far side of the net with his first touch. 2-0 Arsenal!,1
sst: G. XhakaODEGAARD SCORES! It's been coming from Arsenal! It's well worked down Arsenal's left again, but this time, it's Xhaka with the final cross. He picks out the unmarked Odegaard on the edge of the box, and he hits it first time, firing it just out of Kepa's reach and in off the underside of the bar. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
Buonanotte stops Walker-Peters in his tracks. The Argentine is shown a late yellow card.,2
Levi ColwillBrighton · Defender #6Colwill can put his feet up for injury time too. Brighton bring on Van Hecke at centre-back.,0
Kaoru MitomaBrighton · Midfielder #22Brighton give Mitoma the last few minutes off. Gilmour comes on to replace him.,0
Roméo LaviaSouthampton · Midfielder #45Southampton take another opportunity to bring a youngster on. The 17-year-old Doyle replaces Lavia.,0
James BreeSouthampton · Defender #14Southampton substitution. Livramento takes Bree's place at right-back.,0
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34Brighton play things safe by taking Veltman off. Undav comes on, allowing Gross to slot in at right-back.,0
Veltman's booked for halting Walker-Peters' run down Southampton's left.,2
Carlos AlcarazSouthampton · Midfielder #26Alcaraz is the next Southampton player to go off. On comes Stuart Armstrong.,0
Mohamed ElyounoussiSouthampton · Midfielder #24Southampton's goalscorer Elyounoussi is last to leave the pitch for now. Sulemana is his replacement.,0
Joe AriboSouthampton · Striker #7Southampton make a string of substitutions. The 18-year-old Ballard replaces the anonymous Aribo.,0
Asst: L. ColwillGOAL! BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION 3-1 SOUTHAMPTON! Gross restores Brighton's two-goal advantage! Southampton don't fully clear the hosts' corner, from which Colwill heads wide. The German takes charge to the right of the box, shifting his feet before beating McCarthy at his near post.,1
Bree adds his name to the book by scything down Mac Allister. Southampton have five players on yellow cards now.,2
Evan FergusonBrighton · Striker #28Brighton decide to make another change. Welbeck takes the place of Ferguson up front.,0
ard-Prowse lands himself in the referee's book for dissenting the decision to rule Walcott's goal out. He can complain all he likes. It's the correct decision.,2
Asst: J. Ward-ProwseGOAL! BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION 2-1 SOUTHAMPTON! Out of nowhere, Southampton are back in the game! The visitors win a corner down their left. Elyounoussi meets Ward-Prowse's ball in at the near post and flicks it into the far bottom corner with his head.,1
Julio EncisoBrighton · Midfielder #20Brighton make a half-time substitution. Buonanotte replaces the lively Enciso.,0
Enciso lands another Southampton player in the referee's book. This time it's Elyounoussi who can't stop the 19-year-old fairly.,2
Asst: K. MitomaGOAL! BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION 2-0 SOUTHAMPTON! This is a lovely goal! Southampton get caught upfield. Mitoma beats Lavia down the left and centres the ball for Ferguson, who smashes it past McCarthy to get his second goal of the game!,1
Alcaraz gets booked for barging Enciso over down Brighton's right.,2
Asst: A. Mac AllisterGOAL! BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Ferguson receives a pass from Mac Allister, takes a touch, and lashes at goal from the right of the box. It's straight at McCarthy but he can't get down quickly enough to stop it from finding the net.,1
Bednarek arrives late on Mac Allister and lands himself the game's first yellow card.,2
Matty Longstaff slides in on Vinagre, getting the ball first but taking the man out robustly in the process. It's a yellow card for the midfielder. ,2
JoelintonNewcastle · Midfielder #9With 10 minutes remaining, Bruce uses his final substitution - bringing Carroll on for Joelinton.,0
Atsu lunges into a late sliding challenge on Neto, catching the winger squarely and bringing him down. It’s a second booking in two minutes for Newcastle as Atsu is shown a yellow.,2
The match is getting a bit chippy as Almiron is booked for a foul in midfield - the last in a string of challenges from Newcastle’s midfielders.,2
Dwight GayleNewcastle · Striker #12A second injury substitution in 30 minutes sees Gayle limp off towards the touchline, with Atsu coming on to replace him.,0
WOLVES RESTORE PARITY! A corner from the right is taken to the edge of the six-yard box, where it falls perfectly to the unmarked Dendoncker - who easily taps it past Dubravka before the delivery could touch the ground! ,1
Paul DummettNewcastle · Defender #3Confirmation of the earlier change, as Dummett is replaced by Lejeune.,0
Asst: D. GayleA SECOND CHANCE IS WHAT HE NEEDED! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! Almiron makes amends for missing the target two minutes earlier with a stunning curler into the far corner! He ran onto Gayle’s lay-off inside the penalty area and beat the goalkeeper with a magical first-time effort!,1
Wissa's shown the yellow card for not moving back far enough for a Leeds free-kick.,2
Marc RocaLeeds United · Midfielder #8It's Roca who makes way for Greenwood. Leeds still have time to win this.,0
och's booked for charging into the back of Toney as he holds the ball up for Brentford.,2
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Leeds bring on Bamford. The Englishman takes Rodrigo's place up front.,0
Brentford are frustrated to have Toney give a free-kick away just as they burst through the Leeds midfield. The Englishman is booked.,2
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Leeds substitution. The lively Aaronson goes off. On comes Sinisterra.,0
Rodrigo lands himself in the referee's book for dissent. Leeds really want a breakthrough goal but need to keep their cool.,2
Josh DasilvaBrentford · Midfielder #10Brentford make the game's first substitution. Janelt takes Dasilva's place in the Bees' midfield.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford is given a rest at the end of the match, with Shoretire sent on in his place. ,0
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21James is replaced by Mata with two minutes remaining. ,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Almiron will play no further part in the match, as Gayle is brought on to replace him.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Striker #10Searching for an equaliser, Newcastle make a change as Saint-Maximin is replaced by Murphy.,0
Penalty GoalNO DOUBT ABOUT IT! Fernandes steps up to the spot and buries it in the corner - giving Darlow no chance. It’s six goals in his last six matches in all competitions for Fernandes, who has quickly become his side’s talisman.,1
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9Manchester United's first substitution of the match comes at striker, where Martial is replaced by Greenwood. ,0
Asst: B. FernandesJAMES MAKES IT 2-1! Matic plays a square pass inside the penalty area, but it fails to find Fernandes centrally, instead carrying towards the far post. James finds himself in acres of space and has the time to take a touch before finishing with ease!,1
JoelintonNewcastle · Striker #9Joelinton’s match is over after 55 minutes, as Fraser is the man chosen to replace him.,0
oelinton is shown a yellow card for a foul on Shaw during a poor attempt to win back possession high up the pitch. ,2
Fernandes and Hayden get into a bit of a shoving match in front of the referee, with the Newcastle midfielder deemed the instigator. It's a yellow card for Hayden - the first booking of the match. ,2
SAINT-MAXIMIN HAS THE EQUALISER! Newcastle take a corner-kick short to Willock, who launches it to the far post from the corner of the 18-yard box. Maguire gets a header to the ball, but his clearance falls right to the foot of Saint-Maximin, who lashes it into the roof of the net! 1-1!,1
Asst: H. MaguireRASHFORD GIVES MANCHESTER UNITED THE LEAD! It’s a beautiful solo goal from the Manchester United forward, who put the ball through the legs of Krafth, before opening up some space and beating the goalkeeper at his near post from an acute angle! 1-0 to the hosts!,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!71'US Raon-l'Étape1 - 2MetzOmar HassidouUS Raon-l'Étape,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!63'US Raon-l'Étape0 - 2MetzGeorges MikautadzeMetz,1
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Midfielder #28The final change for Chelsea sees Azpilicueta making way for James.,0
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Abraham has just gone down and it looks like he might be struggling with an injury, so he's been taken off and Batshuayi is on in his place.,0
udiger is the latest player to be shown a yellow card as he brings Sanchez down with a late challenge.,2
Lucas MouraTottenham · Striker #27Lucas is the other player to make way as Ndombele comes on in his place.,0
Jan VertonghenTottenham · Defender #5Double change for Spurs now and the first player to come off is Vertonghen, with Rose coming on to replace him.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Lampard makes his first change of the game now and it's Jorginho that's coming on to replace Kovacic. ,0
lderweireld touches the ball with his hand after going to ground and he's shown a yellow card.,2
T'S A RED CARD! VAR had a long look at that incident between Son and Rudiger and have overturned the referee's decision. It was a bad challenge from the forward and he's shown a straight red card. Spurs are down to 10 men!,3
Sissoko just couldn't keep up with Willian's run down the left and he slides in, catching the Brazilian late. Chelsea have a free-kick and Sissoko picks up a yellow card.,2
Eric DierTottenham · Midfielder #15Mourinho has decided to make an attacking change ahead of the second half as he brings on Eriksen in place of Dier.,0
Penalty GoalHE SCORES THE PENALTY! It's Willian that steps up to take it and it's a confident run-up from him. He stops just before striking the ball and he nestles the spot-kick into the bottom right corner. 2-0 Chelsea!,1
Gazzaniga is shown a yellow card for that challenge on Alonso.,2
Tempers flared between Alli and Kovacic after the Spurs midfielder ended up on his back when he ran into him in an attempt to win the ball back. Kovacic reacted angrily and is shown a yellow card.,2
Alli also picks up a yellow card for his reaction to the incident.,2
Zouma picks up the first yellow card of the game after he stops Spurs from taking a quick free-kick.,2
Asst: M. KovačićCHELSEA HAVE THE LEAD! Willian takes a corner short and plays a one-two off Kovacic. The Brazilian isn't picked up as he makes the run into the box and curls his shot through the crowd in the box and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Chelsea!,1
TutaEintracht Frankfurt · Defender #35Frankfurt are making another change following that goal. Tuta went down with cramp a few minutes ago, and he's not able to carry on, so Hrustic comes on in his place.,0
Asst: D. SowKOSTIC SCORES! He started the move off by nutmegging Upamecano before leaving the defender on the floor as he cut back inside. Lammers couldn't get a shot away, but it came back out to him on the left and he drilled a brilliant effort in from a difficult angle. It's over Neuer's outstretched arm and into the far bottom corner. 2-1 Frankfurt! ,1
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Another change for Bayern now as Sane goes off for Choupo-Moting.,0
The yellow card is out again for Hauge this time as he takes out Sane's legs from behind to give away a free-kick.,2
Rafael Santos Borré MauryEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #19Third change for Frankfurt now and it's Lammers that's coming on for Borre.,0
t's clumsy from Upamecano as he clips the back of Borre's heels, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Niklas SüleBayern · Defender #4Second change for Bayern now as Nagelsmann brings on Sabitzer for Sule.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7First change for Bayern now and it's Gnabry that's making way for Musiala.,0
Jesper LindstrømEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #29Lindstrom is also going off, with Hauge on in his place. ,0
Almamy TouréEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #18There's a double change for Frankfurt here and Toure, who picked up an injury minutes ago, is being replaced by Da Costa.,0
Davies tugged back Lindstrom's arm to stop his run and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: F. KostićHINTEREGGER SCORES! It's a great header as he rises highest on the edge of the six-yard box to get on the end of Kostic's cross. He thumps it over Neuer in the middle and makes up for his mistake that led to the Bayern goal at the other end. 1-1! ,1
sst: R. LewandowskiGORETZKA SCORES! He's the one that intercepts Hinteregger's pass and the rebound bounces into Lewandowski. He drives through the middle to get on the end of the return pass and coolly slots his effort past Trapp and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Bayern! ,1
Yves BissoumaBrighton · Midfielder #8Bissouma riles the home fans up as he walks off the pitch slowly, stopping to pull his socks down amidst a chorus of boos. Kayal replaces him in midfield.,0
A clumsy challenge by Balogun on Durm earns him a yellow card after a sloppy pass set Huddersfield on the attack. The crowd are baying for red as he caught him on the top of the ankle but the substitute escapes.,2
Florin AndoneBrighton · Striker #10Andone takes his time coming off for Murray as Hughton looks to put the game to bed. ,0
BrunoBrighton · Defender #2Centre-back Balogun now replaces the injured Bruno and goes on out of position at right-back.,0
Jonathan HoggHuddersfield · Midfielder #6Hogg is replaced by Williams as Wagner searches for a leveller. ,0
Asst: S. MarchGOAL!! BRIGHTON TAKE THE LEAD! March works a yard of space and whips in another quality cross, this time for Andone, who gets across Jorgensen at the near post and glances a header inside the post! It's 2-1 to Brighton! ,1
Aaron MooyHuddersfield · Midfielder #10Smith comes on to replace Mooy, who doesn't look happy to come off. It will be interesting to see how Wagner re-jigs his formation. ,0
Alex PritchardHuddersfield · Midfielder #21It's a strange time to make a substitution, just a few minutes into the second half, but Pritchard trudges slowly off the field as Depoitre comes on to lead the line. ,0
sst: S. MarchGOAL! BRIGHTON ARE LEVEL! Bruno does exceptionally well to chase down a ball heading out of play and acrobatically play it off a defender for a corner. He then takes it quickly to March who curls a cross in before Huddersfield can get set and Duffy arrives to power a header into the top corner! It's 1-1! ,1
runo arrives late for a challenge and slides in missing the ball completely and earning himself a yellow card. ,2
RED CARD! Mounie is off! He left his studs in on Bissouma after a heavy touch got away from him but the contact seemed soft. Wagner seems bemused, but his side are reduced to 10 men after a flying start! ,3
GOAL!! HUDDERSFIELD SCORE! It's a nightmare start for Brighton! Billing tosses a long throw in and it comes out to Bruno. The veteran right-back slices a terrible clearance up and back into the middle of the area, Ryan comes out and gets nothing, allowing Jorgensen to rise highest and head in the opener off the inside of the post! It's 1-0 to the Terriers! ,1
Asst: J. MárioGOOOOAAALLL!!! INTER 6-2 BENEVENTO! Candreva caps the scoring with a quality sixth goal, adding a final flourish with his breakaway goal. The midfielder takes the ball past a couple of players and finds the bottom corner of the net.,1
Cristian BuonaiutoBenevento · Midfielder #17Youngster Sanogo, who made his debut in December, is brought on for a cameo appearance at San Siro. Buonaiuto is the player to make way.,0
Alessandro TuiaBenevento · Defender #13Bucchi brings on Billong for Tuia, who went down with cramp a little earlier and is clearly in need of a rest.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Joao Mario is on for Brozovic in Inter's third change of the match. Not long left for the home side to see through.,0
Massimo CodaBenevento · Striker #9Bennevento's leading scorer Coda makes way for the final 16 minutes, with Ricci prodiving some fresh legs in attack.,0
Asst: R. ImprotaGOOOAAALLL!!! INTER 5-2 BENEVENTO! Bandinelli pulls Benevento back to within three goals of Inter with a fine header at the back post. The midfielder, played onside by Brozovic, outjumps his marker to nod Improta's cross into the back of the net.,1
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #44With three assists under his belt, including a couple for Martinez, Perisic makes way for Borja.,0
ontipo is cautioned by the referee for his protests, believing that Inter's fifth goal should not have stood. It was for an offside call against Candreva, but the midfielder timed his run perfectly and was onside.,2
Asst: I. PerišićGOOOAAALLL!! INTER 5-1 BENEVENTO! Martinez picks out the bottom corner of the net once teed up by Perisic to double his personal tally for the day. This was another sweeping Inter move, with Perisic helping the ball onto Martinez to do the rest. Benevento believe that there was an offside in the build-up, but after checking VAR the referee lets the goal stand.,1
GOOOAAALLLL!! INTER 4-1 BENEVENTO! Padelli is furious with his team-mates as Insigne sends his free-kick around the wall and into the bottom corner. A strange goal for Inter to concede, but it will surely be nothing more than a consolation.,1
Asst: I. PerišićGOOOOAAALLLL!! INTER 4-0 BENEVENTO! This is a brilliant fourth goal from Inter. A move that starts at the back culminates in Persic chipping the ball into the middle for Martinez to power a header past Montipo from six yards.,1
Mauro IcardiInter · Striker #9The win already pretty much assured, Spalletti brings on Politano for opening goalscorer Icardi in his frontline.,0
Asst: I. PerišićGOOOOAAAALLL!! INTER 3-0 BENEVENTO! Dalbert rifles the ball into the roof of the net to kill off the tie before half-time. Perisic plays a perfectly-weighted pass that is crying out for the full-back to smash home, and he does exactly that to get off the mark for Inter.,1
mprota goes on a positive run towards left-hand flank and is caught by Gagliardini, leading to the second booking of the first half. That is a lot better from the visitors, who are now starting to get at their opponents.,2
rsaljko is the first player to receive a yellow card after halting a Benevento break down the left.,2
GOOOOAAALLL!! INTER 2-0 BENEVENTO! Seven minutes played and Inter already have themselves a second goal - this is not looking good for Benevento! Icardi sends a header against the post but Candreva is there to drill the rebound into the bottom corner.,1
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL!!! INTER 1-0 BENEVENTO! Icardi places the ball out of Montipo's reach to open his account for 2019. An ominous start for Benevento, who have 87 minutes to respond.,1
Papu GómezAtalanta · Midfielder #10Last change for Atalanta now and Gomez is being replaced by Da Riva.,0
Ashley YoungInter · Midfielder #15Moses is also coming on as he replaces Young.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Another double change for Inter now as Eriksen is brought on for Barella.,0
Danilo D'AmbrosioInter · Midfielder #33Double change for Inter now and D'Ambrosio is the first to make way for Biraghi.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Bastoni also comes off, with Skriniar replacing him.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10First change for Inter now and Sanchez is coming on to replace Martinez.,0
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Midfielder #88Pasalic is also brought off with Muriel replacing him.,0
Timothy CastagneAtalanta · Midfielder #21There's a triple change for Atalanta now and Castagne is first to make way for Hateboer.,0
Brozovic is shown a yellow card for clipping the back of Gomez's heels.,2
artinez dribbles away from Toloi and the defender sticks out a leg to bring him down and stop his run which earns him a booking.,2
Djimsiti is shown a yellow card after sticking out a leg and bringing down Gagliardini.,2
e Vrij gets the first booking of the game after cutting off Gosens run and bringing him down on the left.,2
Asst: R. GagliardiniYOUNG SCORES! He cuts inside from the left and has a lot of space ahead of him just outside the box. HE decides to have a go from range and brilliantly curls his shot around Sportiello and into the bottom-right corner. 2-0 Inter! ,1
Pierluigi GolliniAtalanta · Goalkeeper #95That is the end of Gollini's game and Sportiello has come on to replace him.,0
Asst: A. YoungINTER HAVE AN EARLY LEAD! It's a good cross in from Young on the left and D'Ambrosio is unmarked in the middle of the box. Golini misses it so his header bounces into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Inter! ,1
ENALTY CELTIC!!! Patric is adjudged to have pushed Oh, and he has been booked for his protests. It did look a little soft, and VAR will check the incident.,2
Yang Hyun-JunCeltic · Striker #13Another change for Celtic as Yang makes way for Turnbull.,0
Asst: G. IsaksenGOAAALLLL!!!!! LAZIO 2-0 CELTIC - He's done it again. A touch of class from Immobile, who stayed composed inside the Celtic box, and that is game, set and match. Celtic centre-back Scales misjudged Isaksen's cross, and that allowed Immobile to jump alongside him and win possession. He still had work to do, though, but he turned past Carter-Vickers and fired into the bottom corner past Hart. A touch of class!,1
Luis AlbertoLazio · Midfielder #10Luis Alberto's night is now over, with Kamada on for the final few minutes as Lazio try to protect this lead.,0
GOAAAALLLLL! LAZIO 1-0 CELTIC - Striker Immobile comes to Lazio's rescue as he fires the home side in front in the final 10 minutes. The substitute stayed alert and, most importantly, kept himself onside to fire home Isaksen's deflected cross. He fired the ball into the roof of the net, giving Hart no chance in the Celtic goal.,1
Nicolò RovellaLazio · Midfielder #65Sarri tries to freshen up his midfield, with Cataldi on in place of Rovella.,0
Yang is the latest player to be booked after catching Marusic from behind.,2
O'Riley is booked after pushing Guendouzi out of play as the pair battled for the ball.,2
Paulo BernardoCeltic · Midfielder #28Rodgers makes an alteration to his midfield, with Bernardo replaced by Oh for the final 20 minutes.,0
Valentín CastellanosLazio · Striker #19Castellanos was given minimal service during his 60 minutes on the pitch, and Sarri sends on Immobile in an attempt to improve his team's chances of winning.,0
Felipe AndersonLazio · Striker #7Anderson, who missed Lazio's best chance in the first 45 minutes, makes way for Pedro.,0
James ForrestCeltic · Striker #49Rodgers blinks first with his subs, as Johnston replaces Forrest who was very quiet tonight.,0
Rovella is booked after a succession of fouls, which the referee explained to him as he showed him the card.,2
listair Johnston picks up a yellow, Celtic's second, after bringing down Anderson near the halfway line.,2
 poor challenge from Taylor earns him the first yellow card of the night. He pulled Isaksen back, and the referee felt he had no choice but to book him.,2
bappe picks up the first yellow card of the game after he clips the back of Claude Maurice's legs to stop the break.,2
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Paredes is also making way, with Pereira on in his place.,0
Moise KeanPSG · Midfielder #18There's another double change for PSG now, and it's the goalscorer, Kean, that's being taken off, with Herrera on for him.,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23Draxler is also being taken off, with Sarabia on in his place.,0
Layvin KurzawaPSG · Defender #20PSG have been waiting a long time to make a double change and they finally can after the goal. Kurzawa is the first to make way, with Bakker replacing him.,0
Asst: M. IcardiKEAN SCORES! None of the Nice defenders spot his run through the middle of the box and he reacts quickly when Icardi plays it back across the box as he nods it in from close range. 2-1 PSG!,1
NICE ARE LEVEL! It's a poor clearance by Marquinhos as he plays it straight to Lopes on the opposite side of the box. He takes a touch before drilling his shot over Navas and into the roof of the net. 1-1!,1
PSG LEAD! Kehrer initially plays a dangerous cross into the six-yard box and Icardi slides onto it at the far post but sends his effort against the woodwork. Draxler follows it in though and fires his shot into the back of the net. 1-0 PSG!,1
A Reading break down the right wing requires an industrial response from Malacia, who is duly booked for his troubles.,2
Lucas JoãoReading · Striker #9Long completes the raft of Reading changes as he takes the spot of Lucas Joao.,0
Jeff HendrickReading · Midfielder #8Reading also introduce Craig in place of Hendrick.,0
Joe LumleyReading · Goalkeeper #1In something of a surprise change, Reading replace their goalkeeper now and bring on Bouzanis for Lumley.,0
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18The hosts also introduce Mainoo for Casemiro, with an ovation for the double goalscorer.,0
Wout WeghorstMan United · Striker #27Despite that goal, United make more changes, with Elanga on for Weghorst.,0
Asst: T. InceGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 3-1 READING! Oh, that is a poor one to concede for the hosts. The Royals have a surprise corner, and Ince skims it in where Mbengue nods home a free header.,1
Junior HoilettReading · Defender #23Mbengue is on for Hoilett in Reading's latest change too.,0
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #8The hosts also bring on Pellistri for Fernandes.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10With victory almost certainly secure now, United make the changes too, with Garnacho on for Rashford.,0
Asst: B. FernandesGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 3-0 READING! It's a party for the Brazilian contingent at Old Trafford, as Fred bags a goal of his own too. The hosts play a short corner, Fernandes lays it flat to the midfielder, and he flicks a back-heel in at the near-post. Sublime!,1
hings have gone from bad to worse for Reading now, as they drop to 10 men! Casemiro is cleaned out by Carroll and it is a second yellow for the forward, who heads straight down the tunnel. It is not the former England international's finest moment.,3
Mamadou LoumReading · Midfielder #22Fornah replaces Loum now for Reading's first change of the game. This might be beyond them now.,0
arroll put a cruncher on Eriksen shortly before the opener and now his latest challenge is too much for the referee, who shows him a yellow card.,2
Asst: FredGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 READING! It's a Casemiro double! After a free-kick aimed for Maguire is defended out, Fred lays a short ball to the midfielder who slices a gorgeous shot through the air and in at the far post. What a delight!,1
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14United back up that goal with their first change of the game, bringing on Fred for Eriksen.,0
Asst: AntonyGOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 READING! They won't be chalking that one off! Casemiro opens up the account for the day, latching onto Antony's superb throughball before a scoop finish beats the keeper. The hosts hit the front.,1
Asst: M. DemiralGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BOGA FIRES ATALANTA AHEAD!!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!!! Boga surely secures Atalanta's place in the last eight with a great solo run and strike. Demiral plays Boga into space in his own half before he races the length of the field, surging into the inside-left channel before drilling a strike past Hradecky at his near post. A super goal.,1
Diaby clips the ankles of Palomino after the defender does brilliantly to sweep the ball away from the forward in the Atalanta box. Diaby reacts to the decision to award the visitors a free-kick and is duly booked.,2
ndrich also goes into the book for dissent following the decision to award Atalanta a free-kick.,2
Charles AránguizLeverkusen · Midfielder #20Leverkusen make another attacking substitute as Alario enters the field to replace Aranguiz.,0
Luis MurielAtalanta · Striker #9Pessina also enters the action for the visitors to replace Muriel, who has ran tirelessly tonight.,0
Davide ZappacostaAtalanta · Midfielder #77Zappacosta is withdrawn by Gasperini after a strong outing and is replaced by Pezzella.,0
Ruslan MalinovskyiAtalanta · Midfielder #18Malinovskiy is withdrawn from the action for the visitors in the final third and is replaced by Boga.,0
Kerem DemirbayLeverkusen · Midfielder #10Seoane makes a surprising decision to withdraw Demirbay, who had been controlling the game and replaces him with Andrich.,0
Exequiel PalaciosLeverkusen · Midfielder #25Azmoun enters the action in the final third to provide an extra attacker for Leverkusen. He replaces Palacios.,0
Timothy Fosu-MensahLeverkusen · Midfielder #24Leverkusen turn to their bench for inspiration. Fosu-Mensah is withdrawn for Bellarabi to offer attacking impetus.,0
Fosu-Mensah catches Zappacosta with a lunge and goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Rafael TolóiAtalanta · Defender #2Toloi is forced off with a hamstring pull and is replaced at the back by Djimsiti.,0
Daichi KamadaEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #15Frankfurt are trying to run down the clock here as the game heads into its final minutes and it's Kamada that's going off for Zuber.,0
dicka tugs back Goretzka to stop the counter and earns himself a booking.,2
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Another change for Bayern now and Sane is going off, with Martinez on for him.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Midfielder #13Choupo-Moting is also making way, with Musiala on in his place.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Double change for Bayern now and it's Coman that's being taken off for Hernandez.,0
Amin YounesEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #32Third change for Frankfurt now, and it's Younes that makes way for Barkok.,0
Luka JovićEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #9There's a double change for Frankfurt now and Jovic is the first to make way after that head injury, with Ache on for him.,0
Sebastian RodeEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #17Rode is also taken off, with Ilsanker replacing him.,0
Rode is shown the first yellow card of the game for that challenge on Davies.,2
sst: L. SanéBAYERN PULL ONE BACK! It's all about the build-up play by Sane, who gets away from three Frankfurt defenders as he weaves in from the right. He squares it to Lewandowski in the middle and he's left with a simple tap-in. 2-1!,1
Marc RocaBayern · Midfielder #22Bayern are making a change at the break as Goretzka comes on for Roca.,0
Asst: D. KamadaYOUNES SCORES! And it's a brilliant goal! Kamada pulls the ball back for Younes of the left and Sule just sits back and lets him come forward. He hits his shot across goal, getting it over Neuer and into the top corner at the far post. 2-0 Frankfurt! ,1
Asst: F. KostićFRANKFURT LEAD! None of the Bayern defenders spotted Kamada's run into the middle of the box and he had a free run at Kostic's cross. He pokes it towards goal first time, Neuer is wrongfooted, and it nestles into the bottom corner. 1-0 Frankfurt!,1
Micky van de VenTottenham · Defender #37Van de Ven attempts to make a long, slow walk off the pitch, but the referee shepherds him off at the nearest point. Emerson is on for the last few minutes.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10The final roll of the dice for United sees Rashford taken off, with Antony on in his place.,0
Oliver SkippTottenham · Midfielder #4Spurs' second change is a defensive one. Dragusin comes on to make his Premier League debut as he replaces Skipp.,0
Timo WernerTottenham · Striker #16Werner's Spurs debut comes to an end after 80 minutes as he's replaced by Gil in Postecoglou's first change.,0
Jonny EvansMan United · Defender #35United's second change of the game sees Martinez make his return from a long injury lay-off as he replaces Evans.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14With United struggling to get a foothold so far in the second half, Ten Hag is making his first change. Eriksen is taken off, with McTominay on in his place.,0
Asst: T. WernerBENTANCUR EQUALISES! What a start to the second half for Spurs! Romero cuts United's midfield wide open with a throughball into Skipp, and he drives through the middle before switching it out to Werner on the left. He lays it off to Bentancur, who runs at Evans, gets a yard on the defender, and fires a powerful shot past Onana and into the far corner. 2-2!,1
Hojlund tried to prevent Spurs from taking a quick free-kick inside their own half by walking over the ball, and then gets involved in an argument with Romero. He's booked for time-wasting.,2
Asst: R. HøjlundRASHFORD SCORES! United are back in the lead! It's been coming in the last few minutes, and the hosts win it back high upfield once more. It's quickly worked out to the left, and Rashford plays a one-two with Hojlund before drilling a low shot past Vicario and into the far bottom corner. 2-1 United!,1
The offside flag goes up against Spurs, and when the whistle goes to signal the decision, Bentancur kicks the ball away. He's booked for time-wasting.,2
Wan-Bissaka slides in on Johnson, and though he got the ball, he took out the Spurs man with his follow-through. He gets the first booking of the game, much to United's frustration.,2
sst: P. PorroRICHARLISON EQUALISES! Spurs win another corner, and Porro floats it into the crowd on the edge of the six-yard box. Richarlison rises above everyone else to flick it onto the far post, and it bounces in at the far post to bring Spurs level. 1-1!,1
HOJLUND SCORES! What a start for United! Onana gets rid of it quickly to Garnacho, and he tees up Fernandes for a wonderful pass over the top for Rashford. He cuts inside from the left but runs into Hojlund before Udogie nicks it off the Englishman, but the interception goes straight to Hojlund, who gets it out of his feet and rifles it into the roof of the net. 1-0 United!,1
Andersen now goes into the book for a rash challenge on Kane.,2
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7Son makes way for Danjuma as Spurs add more pace to a potential counter-attack.,0
Clément LengletTottenham · Defender #34Dier comes on for Lenglet as Spurs look to see this game through.,0
Lenglet commits a very silly foul on Olise as Palace have a free-kick.,2
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Edouard comes on for Ayew as Palace search for an equaliser.,0
Sarcastic cheers come from the Palace fans as Davies sees yellow for a foul on Olise.,2
RicharlisonTottenham · Striker #9Spurs make their first change as Kulusevski comes on for Richarlison.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Palace makes the first substitution of the match as Hughes replaces Schlupp.,0
ard receives a yellow card after a foul on Davies. The defender seemed to have touched the ball, but the referee disagrees.,2
Schlupp receives the first booking of the game after a reckless challenge on Skipp.,2
Asst: P. PorroGOALL!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM!! KANE!!! Spurs take the lead right before half-time as Kane heads the ball past Johnstone! Porro picks up the loose ball on the right wing and sends in a cross towards the far post, where the Tottenham skipper beats Ward in the air to score.,1
Asst: P. PogbaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!! GREENWOOD HAMMERS HOME A THIRD!!!!! 3-1 UNITED!!!!! Greenwood surely secures the three points for the visitors with a right-footed blast from six yards. Pogba rolls an offload towards the forward on the edge of the box. He leaves Reguilon in his wake with a neat piece of skill to open up space for a shot. Greenwood beats Lloris for power with his effort.,1
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #18Fernandes is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Matic for the closing stages.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Striker #27Lucas is withdrawn for Bale for the closing stages of the game. Mourinho needs a moment of magic from the Welshman.,0
sst: M. GreenwoodGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CAVANI HEADS UNITED IN FRONT!!!!!! 2-1!!!! The Red Devils take the lead with 11 minutes to play as Cavani scores with a sublime diving header. Fernandes releases Greenwood on the right flank and he bends a perfect cross on his left foot into the middle. Cavani drifts between Dier and Aurier before planting his effort past Lloris into the bottom-right corner.,1
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Lamela replaces Ndombele for the home side. Mourinho is trying to force the issue in the final third.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford is withdrawn for Greenwood for the final 18 minutes.,0
aguire loses possession to Kane and then pulls back his England team-mate down the right flank.,2
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18Sissoko repalces Lo Celso in the Spurs midfield, which will give Ndombele licence to move forward.,0
 GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FRED LEVELS FOR UNITED!!!! 1-1!!! The visitors notch an equaliser from an unlikely source as Fred is on the spot to fire home on the rebound. United work the ball intricately on the edge of the Spurs box. Fred releases the run of Cavani in the penalty area, but his left-footed strike is saved by Lloris. Fred is alive to the rebound and reacts first to steer the ball into the back of the net with his left foot.,1
Fred goes into the book for chopping down Ndombele with a poor challenge.,2
avani collides with Rodon at the near post, sending the Spurs defender tumbling to the deck. The referee awards a foul to the home side and the Uruguayan is furious. He reacts by shoving Rodon on the floor and is booked by the referee.,2
sst: LucasGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SON FIRES TOTTENHAM AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!! Son adds insult to injury to United as he converts with his left foot. Kane opens up the United defence with a sublime offload towards Moura in the right inside channel. The Brazilian places a low ball across the face of goal for Son to latch on to and then fire past Henderson low into the bottom-left corner.,1
McTominay scythes down Ndombele on the charge down the left flank. The Scot goes into the book for his challenge.,2
NOW IT IS 4-2! SOULE SEALS THE WIN! Soule has his first senior goal, converting a rebound into a gaping goal to secure the three points for the Bianconeri! Kostic does well to cross for the luckless Vlahovic, who sees a header turned onto the crossbar by Turk. Soule is in the right place at the right time, however, nodding into an unguarded net!,1
Mattia De SciglioJuventus · Midfielder #2Allegri turns to his bench again in order to eat up some valuable seconds. Gatti replaces De Sciglio at the back.,0
Gleison BremerJuventus · Defender #3This is a huge worry for Juve as Bremer limps from the field. Rugani is on in his place to see this 3-2 lead out, but with the second leg of the Bianconeri's Europa League last-16 tie coming up this week, Allegri will be concerned.,0
Tomás RincónSampdoria · Midfielder #8Malagrida is coming on for Samp, replacing Rincon in midfield.,0
Bram NuytinckSampdoria · Defender #17Nuytinck is replaced by 20-year-old Paoletti for Samp as we head into the final 15 minutes.,0
Tommaso AugelloSampdoria · Midfielder #3Sampdoria are also making a change, with Murru on for Augello, who scored the visitors' first goal before conceding the spot-kick which Vlahovic missed.,0
Filip ĐuričićSampdoria · Midfielder #7Jese is also on for Samp, with Djuricic going off.,0
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Juve are turning to their bench. Soule replaces Miretti, who has impressed in midfield.,0
Asst: N. FagioliGOAAAAAL! RABIOT GETS HIS SECOND, AND JUVE ARE 3-2 UP! The Sampdoria players are appealing for handball as Rabiot finds the net with a fine volley. The France midfielder started the move with a driving run before being picked out by Fagioli. He brought the ball down and lashed home on his left foot, but he may well have controlled it with his arm! VAR are having a look…,1
The home fans are fuming as Fagioli goes into the book for a challenge on Djuricic. The Juve man appeared to get the ball with that tackle, but the referee takes a different view!,2
Enzo BarrenecheaJuventus · Midfielder #45Juve are making a double substitution at the break. Barrenechea is off for Locatelli as they look to win back control in midfield.,0
Leonardo BonucciJuventus · Defender #19Cuadrado, meanwhile, is on for Bonucci, which could signal a change of shape.,0
incon slides in and fouls Danilo, and the Sampdoria man stays down, claiming to have been caught in the face. The referee shows him little sympathy and displays a yellow card.,2
sst: A. ZanoliGOOOOOOOOAAAAALLL! SAMPDORIA ARE LEVEL AT 2-2! Djuricic equalises! Sampdoria win possession almost directly from the kick-off and break through Zanoli. He scampers to the byline and cuts it back for Djuricic, who ghosts in to divert a side-footed finish into the bottom-left corner! What a comeback from the visitors, who have scored twice in as many minutes!,1
OAAAL! SAMP HALVE THE ARREARS! 2-1! Maybe we do have a contest in Turin as Augello finds the top-right corner. A rare Samp attack sees Gabbiadini's shot blocked, but the ball falls nicely for Augello to fire a finish beyond Perin out of nowhere!,1
Asst: F. MirettiGOAAAAL! JUVE GO 2-0 UP THROUGH RABIOT! Samp manage to clear the corner this time around, but their respite is short-lived as Miretti whips it back into the danger zone. Rabiot is lurking at the back post, and he meets it with a firm header to find the top-right corner. Two headed goals already for Juve, and Samp are in big trouble.,1
sst: F. KostićGOAL! BREMER HEADS JUVE INTO THE LEAD! Sampdoria are punished for their early misses as Juve take advantage of a set-piece! The Bianconeri win a corner on the left, which Kostic swings onto the head of Bremer. The defender outjumps Winks with ease to plant his header into the turf, and it skips up into the top-left corner! 1-0!,1
Jonathan BambaLOSC · Midfielder #7Another Lille substitution now, with Bamba heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mandava.,0
Romagnoli is booked for his blatant challenge on David, after the striker tried to break forward on the counter and sprint into the Milan half.,2
Renato SanchesLOSC · Midfielder #18The substitution by the visitors sees Renato Sanches replaced by Soumare.,0
Yusuf YazıcıLOSC · Midfielder #12Lille make a couple more substitutions, the first sees Yazici head off the pitch after his three goal haul and he has been replaced by Yilmaz.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #21Milan make their fifth and final substitution now, with Diaz coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Hauge.,0
elik is booked for his late challenge on Rafael down the right wing as the Milan man flicked the ball away from him just in the nick of time.,2
Jonathan IkonéLOSC · Midfielder #10The other Lille change sees Ikone replaced by Lihadji.,0
XekaLOSC · Midfielder #8Lille now make a double substitution of their own, with Xeka heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Andre.,0
Zlatan IbrahimovićMilan · Striker #11Ibrahimovic is also taken off for Milan and Rebic is his replacement.,0
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8Another double substitution here by Milan and the first change sees Tonali come off the pitch to be replaced by Bennacer.,0
Asst: J. DavidGOOOAAALLL! It's 3-0 and the hat-trick for Yazici! This time it's a counter-attack that catches Milan out and it's the best goal of the night so far. David is played through into the Milan final third, with only one defender in front of him, he opts to square the ball to Yazici to his right and the striker superbly curls it into the bottom left-hand corner of the net, giving Donnarumma no chance.,1
Asst: J. IkonéGOOOAAALLL! Lille double their lead, it's 2-0! Yazici plays a quick one-two with Ikone on the edge of the penalty area and then fires a low shot towards the bottom right-hand corner of the net. It looked like Donnarumma would have it covered as it was close to him and he gets a hand to it, but he can't quite push it around the post and it flies into the goal.,1
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33Milan have made two substitutions ahead of the second half, the first sees Krunic replaced by Calhanoglu.,0
Samu CastillejoMilan · Midfielder #7The other Milan change sees Castillejo replaced by Rafael.,0
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Zeka after his late foul on Diaz deep inside the Milan half of the pitch.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Yazici puts Lille ahead from the penalty spot, it's 1-0! The striker picks his spot and superbly sends Donnarumma the wrong way, drilling the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Mane makes way for the closing stages to be replaced by Gomez.,0
Asst: J. MatipGOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ORIGI MAKES IT TWO!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!! The Reds are surely on their way to their sixth European crown. Tottenham fail to clear their lines from the corner as Vertonghen miscues his header. Matip is able to work the ball into the path of Origi in the left inside channel. The Belgian takes a strike on his left foot, expertly placing his effort past Lloris into the bottom corner. The Liverpool fans erupt in the stands.,1
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Pochettino makes his final change of normal time, replacing Alli with Llorente.,0
Moussa SissokoTottenham · Midfielder #17Dier replaces the ailing Sissoko, who appeared to be struggling after making his saving challenge.,0
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Pochettino withdraws Winks from the action, although he has been Spurs' best player this evening. Tottenham need to be more direct in front of goal and Lucas provides the threat.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5Wijnaldum has not been in the game this evening and he makes way for Milner.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Origi replaces Firmino for the Reds, who was never able to get into the pace of the game.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! Salah steps up from 12 yards and he hammers the ball down the middle of the net. Lloris dives early to his left and the ball is already past the Frenchman before he can react. Liverpool make the perfect start to the Champions League final.,1
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Rabiot is withdrawn against his former club; another ex-Paris man, Kean, comes on for the closing stages.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6A further change in midfield for PSG sees Verratti make way for Sanches.,0
Lionel MessiPSG · Striker #30Newly arrived in Paris, former Valencia captain Soler is offered a brief cameo from the bench; Messi makes way.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Galtier also throws on Danilo, and his compatriot Vitinha is the man making way in midfield.,0
Achraf HakimiPSG · Midfielder #2One of PSG's new boys gets a chance to shine on the grand stage, as Mukiele is introduced for Hakimi, who set up the hosts' second goal.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11Juventus go for a fresh approach on the right flank, as Cuadrado is withdrawn and De Sciglio comes on.,0
aving made contact with Mbappe's face, in a 50-50 challenge for the ball, Danilo is rather harshly booked.,2
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Allegri opts for a change of tack, as powerful centre-forward Milik makes way for Locatelli, who will slot in to the Juve midfield.,0
or a ill-timed challenge on Rabiot in midfield, Verratti is shown a yellow card.,2
sst: F. KostićJUVE GET ONE BACK! The visitors had been getting some joy with a series of more direct attacks, and they break through PSG's defences from a well-worked set-piece. Kostic slings over an outswinging cross from the right, following a corner, and half-time sub McKennie rises highest to power home a header! The Bianconeri reduce their deficit: it's now just 2-1 to Paris!,1
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Having been booked during the first half, young Miretti makes way, as Allegri introduces McKennie in the Juve midfield.,0
Neymar hits the deck again, as Miretti mistimes a sliding challenge and sweeps the Brazilian forward off his feet near the centre circle. The teenager is shown a yellow card.,2
aving waded into the aftermath of Bremer's challenge on Mbappe, Ramos receives yet another Champions League booking to add to his collection.,2
sst: A. HakimiMBAPPE DOUBLES UP! Another sharp one-two, followed by a decisive finish, gives Paris a two-goal lead! This time Hakimi is Mbappe's partner in crime, as they unlock the Juve defence with a couple of passes on the right, allowing the French forward to fire past Perin into the bottom-left corner! PSG 2-0 Juventus!,1
sst: NeymarPARIS LEAD! A lovely link-up between Neymar and Mbappe slices open the Juventus back line, and within a flash, PSG go in front! The Brazilian maestro lobs a cute ball over the top, into the six-yard box, where his colleague waits to smash the ball home past Perin, who could only get a futile fingertip to it! PSG 1-0 Juve!,1
Soon after his arrival from the bench, Paredes is booked for a foul on Schouten in midfield. It was certainly a trip, but perhaps not deserving of a yellow card.,2
Stefan PoschBologna · Defender #3After another energetic shift at right-back, Posch is replaced. De Silvestri comes on.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Allegri now responds to Bologna's changes with his own double substitution. First, Locatelli is swapped out for Paredes.,0
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Vlahovic, who has been struggling with an ankle problem, is asked to save the day from the bench; Milik makes way.,0
Lewis FergusonBologna · Striker #19Aebischer is also introduced, as Ferguson departs.,0
Nikola MoroBologna · Midfielder #6Bologna turn to experience for the final few minutes, as Moro makes way for Medel in midfield.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #7Still yet to work his way back to peak form and fitness, Chiesa is taken off by Allegri. Miretti will be his replacement.,0
Nicolás DomínguezBologna · Midfielder #8Motta now makes a couple of changes. First, Dominguez is replaced by Zirkzee.,0
Giorgos KyriakopoulosBologna · Defender #77Kyriakopoulos also makes way, as Juventus loanee Cambiaso comes in on the left flank.,0
JUVE PULL LEVEL! Injecting fresh life into a jaded Juventus attack, Iling-Junior throws a couple of stepovers to catch Posch flat-footed, then lays the ball off to Chiesa in the box. Then, via a couple of deflections, it spins into Milik's path, and the Polish striker makes up for his penalty miss by firing powerfully past Skorupski: 1-1!,1
Filip KostićJuventus · Striker #17English teenager Iling-Junior also comes on, with Kostic somewhat surprisingly withdrawn.,0
Nicolò FagioliJuventus · Midfielder #44Allegri has already seen enough, as Juventus have actually got worse since the break. First, Fagioli makes way for fellow rookie Soule.,0
Near the corner flag, Rabiot takes a couple of attempts to dispossess Posch, and the second is deemed worthy of a yellow card by the referee.,2
A reckless sliding tackle from the side brings down Cuadrado and earns Kyriakopoulos a booking.,2
osch steals possession in midfield before surging forward and then losing the ball. In his efforts to regain it, the Bologna defender slides into a reckless challenge on Alex Sandro and picks up an early booking.,2
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2A curious decision late in the game from Koeman as Dest is withdrawn for Lenglet.,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Felipe enters the action for the hosts to replace Hermoso for the final nine minutes.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Lodi replaces Carrasco down the left flank to shore up the Atletico defence.,0
oke's determination to win the ball results in him catching Fati with a swiping leg. He goes into the book. Barcelona have a free-kick 30 yards from goal.,2
Óscar MinguezaBarcelona · Defender #22Koeman aims to up the ante as Luuk de Jong replaces Mingueza.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Correa replaces Joao Felix in the final third for the home side.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Suarez is withdrawn after notching a goal and an assist against his former club. Another former Barcelona man enters the fray as Griezmann replaces the Uruguayan.,0
Philippe CoutinhoBarcelona · Midfielder #14Fati replaces Coutinho in the final third for the Catalan club. Barca will attempt to be more direct with their approach.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Trippier replaces De Paul at the break for the home side. The Argentine had been cautioned in the first half.,0
Nico GonzálezBarcelona · Midfielder #28Gonzalez is withdrawn at the break for the Catalan club. Sergi Roberto replaces him in the midfield.,0
e Paul brings down Dest with a loose challenge on the left flank and goes into the book.,2
sst: T. LemarGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SUAREZ MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 ATLETICO!!!!!! The home side hit Barca on the break and this time Suarez converts the opening. Lemar is played into space down the left flank by Joao Felix and he lifts a cross over the last defender Pique. Suarez takes a touch before calmly picking his spot, firing low into the bottom-left corner.,1
Asst: L. SuárezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LEMAR FIRES ATLETICO AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! The home side take the lead as the Frenchman thumps a left-footed strike into the top-right corner. A neat interchange between Joao Felix and Suarez allows the latter to release Lemar into the left-inside channel. He holds his composure to blast his effort past Ter Stegen into the net. Busquets and Pique exchange words after the fact about who was picking up the forward.,1
Gavi barges into Lemar on the left flank with a strong challenge. The referee brandishes the yellow card.,2
GOAL! In the final seconds of the game Origi heads the ball home from a matter of yards to surely win the 232nd Merseyside derby for Liverpool. Van Dijk tried his luck with an audacious volley from the edge of the box which Pickford failed to deal with and Origi was there to nod it home. Wow!,1
Gylfi SigurðssonEverton · Midfielder #10The visitors make their final change as Zouma replaces Sigurdsson. Three minutes to go.,0
Sigurdsson receives a yellow card for pulling back Robertson when he was looking to launch an attack.,2
BernardEverton · Midfielder #20Everton make their second change of the evening as Calvert-Lewin replaces Bernard.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Midfielder #9Firmino is replaced by Origi as the hosts make their final change. Just over five minutes to go.,0
Gomez receives a yellow card for cynically pulling back Richarlison as the Brazilian looked to launch a counter.,2
abinho goes into the book for a late challenge on Richarlison just inside the Everton half.,2
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11The hosts make their second change of the match as Sturridge replaces Salah. 15 minutes to go.,0
Xherdan ShaqiriLiverpool · Midfielder #23Liverpool make their first change of the evening as Keita replaces Shaqiri.,0
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Walcott has not looked entirely comfortable out there following that earlier knock and has now been replaced by Lookman.,0
Shaqiri receives the first yellow card of the game for a late foul on Gomes.,2
Asst: J. BriandNIANG MAKES IT 3-2! BORDEAUX PULL TO WITHIN ONE! Adli starts a counter-attack for the hosts before finding Briand on the edge of the penalty area. The veteran forward links up with Niang, who is able to pull his shot into the far corner - beating the outstretched Navas!,1
Niang is shown a late booking for intentional handball during an attempt to control the ball under pressure from Mendes.,2
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7A change at striker sees Mbappe replaced by Icardi. ,0
Jean OnanaBordeaux · Midfielder #8Fransergio replaces Onana with four minutes left. ,0
Javairô DilrosunBordeaux · Midfielder #21A change at the top of the pitch sees Dilrosun replaced by Briand. ,0
Asst: Y. AdliBORDEAUX GET ONE BACK! Pereira gives the ball away on the edge of his penalty area, which allows Adli to get into possession on the left wing. A beautiful cross played with the outside of his boot finds Elis - who finishes at the first time of asking! 3-1!,1
Éric Junior Dina EbimbePSG · Midfielder #28Ebimbe's match is over with 15 minutes remaining as Pereira comes on to replace him. ,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Striker #23Gueye comes on for Draxler as PSG look to hold their lead. ,0
bappe brings Elis down and then cynically kicks out at the Bordeaux forward - earning the France international a yellow card. ,2
OtávioBordeaux · Midfielder #5A midfielder also makes way as Bordeaux look to put as many strikers on as possible. Otavio is replaced by Oudin. ,0
Ricardo MangasBordeaux · Defender #12Niang replaces Mangas as Petkovic puts a forward on for a full-back. ,0
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14Pochettino makes a change after going three goals ahead as Bernat is replaced by Mendes. ,0
sst: G. WijnaldumMBAPPE MAKES IT 3-0! A pass back in midfield to Herrera opens up a ton of space in-behind the defence and the former Manchester United player makes the opposition play with an incisive pass, splitting the centre-backs as he finds Wijnaldum through the middle onside. The Netherlands international carries it into the penalty area and draws Costil off his line before unselfishly passing it across the face of goal for Mbappe - who slots it home comfortably!,1
Timothée PembéléBordeaux · Midfielder #22Petkovic makes a change at half-time as Mensah replaces Pembele, who is on-loan at Bordeaux from PSG.,0
Asst: K. MbappeLOVELY WORK FROM NEYMAR! 2-0 PSG! Neymar and Mbappe work a lovely give and go, with the France international forward playing a deft backheel pass for Neymar to latch onto. From there it’s a simple shot into the near corner from just inside the penalty area which leaves Costil sprawling!,1
It's a yellow card for Pembele, who is booked for embellishment after going down easily inside the PSG penalty area.,2
Asst: K. MbappeGOAL! PSG TAKE THE LEAD! Mbappe sprays a lovely cross to the far side for Neymar, whose first touch plucks the ball out of the air brilliantly. The Brazil international then cuts inside and fires a shot to the near post, which beats Costil easily! 1-0!,1
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Midfielder #88Atalanta make their final substitution as Pasalic is replaced by Tameze. ,0
Papu GómezAtalanta · Striker #10Gomez makes way after a lively performance for Malinovskiy.,0
Hateboer is booked for tugging Cheryshev's shirt as the attacker tried to break forward on the halfway line.  ,2
Mattia CaldaraAtalanta · Defender #3Caldara is replaced by Zapata as Atalanta boldly switch to a more attacking shape in the hope of killing off the tie. ,0
Maximiliano Gómez GonzálezValencia · Striker #22Maxi Gomez departs with Gameiro replacing him up top. ,0
CHERYSHEV IMMEDIATELY PULLS ONE BACK! 4-1! Palomino makes a costly error as he hits a wayward pass across the backline towards Hateboer, allowing Cheryshev to nip in and take full advantage by drilling a powerful, low effort into the bottom corner from 20 yards!,1
Gonçalo GuedesValencia · Striker #7Guedes is replaced by Cheryshev as Valencia search for anything to get back into this tie. ,0
Asst: M. PašalićHATEBOER STRIKES AGAIN! 4-0! Valencia are being carved apart right now and Atalanta get a fourth as Pasalic slips a clever pass beyond the offside Ilicic and into the path of Hateboer who holds off Diakhaby before racing into the area and squeezing a weak shot in at the near post beyond a helpless Domenech! ,1
BRILLIANT STRIKE FROM FREULER! 3-0 ATALANTA! The hosts have been pressing the Valencia backline furiously and it pays off as Gomez robs Parejo before Freuler takes over and whips a curling shot from 25 yards that bends delightfully beyond Domenech and into the top corner by the far post!,1
Asst: M. PašalićIlicic makes it two! 2-0! Well, Valencia failed to make their pressure count in the last 10 minutes and Atalanta punish them! Pasalic innocuously squares a pass to Ilicic on the edge of the area, where the attacker craftily shimmies past a challenge before lashing a brilliant shot across goal and into the top left corner from 20 yards!,1
Asst: Papu GómezATALANTA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Gomez advances menacingly towards the edge of the area as the Valencia defence fearfully back off and he capitalises by stroking a devious delivery across the face of goal and towards the back post where Hateboer crashes it into an empty net!,1
Moussa MaregaPorto · Striker #11Marega's night is over, and he leaves the field knowing he played a huge part after finding the back of the net.,0
Sérgio OliveiraPorto · Midfielder #27Another substitution in midfield as Grujic replaces Sergio Oliveira.,0
trootman has been on the pitch for a matter of moments but he is already carded after a poor tackle.,2
Jesús Manuel CoronaPorto · Midfielder #17That shot is Corona's last involvement tonight as he is replaced by Vieira for the final five minutes of regulation time.,0
Boubacar KamaraMarseille · Midfielder #4Veteran midfielder Strootman is now thrown on and he replaces Kamara in the middle of midfield for Marseille.,0
Florian ThauvinMarseille · Striker #26Villas-Boas brings off Thauvin, with Ake on in his place.,0
onzalez is now shown a card after a needless foul while racing back towards his own goal.,2
Darío BenedettoMarseille · Striker #9Benedetto has had to endure a tough evening tonight, but he can now watch on from the stands, with Germain coming on for Marseille.,0
Luis DíazPorto · Striker #7Luis Diaz's evening is over, he is replaced by Nakajima for the final 15 minutes.,0
sst: J. CoronaWHAT A GOAAALLLLL - PORTO 3-0 MARSEILLE - Luiz Diaz wraps things up for Porto with a beautiful finish on the counter-attack but the praise has to go to Corona. He attacked Marseille's defence with power and pace, shaped to shoot before backheeling the ball into his team-mate. Luis Diaz did the rest, firing past Mandanda to make it three. Superb from the home side.,1
Dimitri PayetMarseille · Midfielder #10A second change for Marseille sees Henrique enter the fold, in place of Payet.,0
Morgan SansonMarseille · Midfielder #8Sanson's night is over and he is replaced by Cuisance. The midfielder is loan from Bayern Munich and will be hoping for a big display to impress his new club.,0
Amavi is shown a yellow card, and he is a lucky boy. His poor touch gave Otavio a chance to attack, and he has gone over the top of the ball and crushed Otavio's ankle in the process.,2
amara is shown a yellow card after a sloppy foul in midfield after he was turned with ease.,2
Thauvin is now shown a card for a sloppy challenge and the referee did not have much choice with that one.,2
Sergio Oliveira becomes the first player to enter the referee's book as he is shown a yellow card for a strong challenge on Payet. The visitors now have a  free-kick in a good position.,2
Penalty GoalGOAAALLLL - PORTO 2-0 MARSEILLE - The home side doubles their advantage thanks to a perfect penalty from Sergio Oliveira. It all came from Amavi's foul on Corona at the far post, and the officials were adamant there was a foul in the build-up. Mandanda did what he could to stop the penalty, but the ball flies past his right hand into the bottom corner.,1
Asst: J. CoronaGOALLLLLLLL PORTO 1-0 MARSEILLE - The home side open the scoring thanks to Marega's simple finish inside the box. He has Corona to thank for the goal, with the winger turning his marker before playing in a simple cross.,1
Danilo backs into Fonte and brings the defender down with a late challenge. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Jardim is taking his time over a goal-kick and is booked for time-wasting.,2
Luiz AraújoLOSC · Midfielder #11There's a double change for Lille now and Araujo is the first to go off, with Ikone on to replace him.,0
Jonathan BambaLOSC · Midfielder #7Bamba is also going off, with Bradaric on in his place.,0
Araujo nicks the ball off Draxler, and the German slides in to try and keep hold of possession. He touches it onto Kurzawa but catches Yilmaz on the follow-through which earns him a booking.,2
Arnaud KalimuendoPSG · Striker #29Double change for PSG now and Kalimuendo is the first to make way, with Gharbi on in his place.,0
Presnel KimpembePSG · Defender #3Kimpembe is also taken off, with Kurzawa on to replace him.,0
XekaLOSC · Midfielder #8Xeka has gone down and it looks like he's struggling with an injury. Gourvennec isn't going to take any chances and he's bringing on Yazici for him.,0
Jonathan DavidLOSC · Striker #9Lille are making their first change of the game now and it's David that's making way for Weah.,0
Éric Junior Dina EbimbePSG · Midfielder #36PSG are making that change now and it's a debut for Wijnaldum as he comes on for Ebimbe.,0
The pass into Diallo is too short and he ends up catching Andre as he tries to jump over the midfielder when he clears the ball. It was accidental, but it earns him a booking.,2
sst: B. YılmazLILLE LEAD! It's an absolutely brilliant hit from Xeka after he gets the ball from Yilmaz and his first touch opens his body up to take the shot on the edge of the box. He hits it with his second and Navas has no chance of saving it as he fires it into the back of the net. 1-0 Lille! ,1
Kehrer gets the ball but his foot skids on the slick surface and he ends up catching David, who was trying to get on the end of the pass. He gives away a free-kick and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2
David McGoldrickSheffield United · Striker #17Wilder makes his final change of the game now and it's a defensive one to help them secure the win. McGoldrick comes off and Jagielka is on to replace him. ,0
reeman is the latest player to receive a yellow card after catching Ward with a late, high challenge. ,2
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Final roll of the dice from Hodgson now as he brings on another forward in Wickham to replace McArthur. ,0
McCarthy also receives a yellow card after he reacted angrily to Baldock's challenge and had to be pulled away from the United player by his team-mates. ,2
aldock receives a yellow card after catching McCarthy with a high challenge as he tried to block his clearance. ,2
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Second change for Palace now and this time it's Townsend that makes way for McCarthy. ,0
Max MeyerCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Hodgson makes his first change of the game as he brings on Schlupp in place of Meyer. ,0
Callum RobinsonSheffield United · Striker #11That injury does mean that Robinson's game is cut short and he goes straight down the tunnel as McBurnie comes on in his place. ,0
UNDSTRAM PUTS UNITED AHEAD! Freeman weaved past Palace's defence and forced a smart save out of Guaita with his low shot but he pushed it back into Lundstram's path. The midfielder latched onto the end of it and side-footed the ball into the empty net. 1-0 United!,1
John FleckSheffield United · Midfielder #4Fleck has gone straight down the tunnel after leaving the field with the medical staff and Freeman is now on to replace him. ,0
undstram receives the first yellow card of the game after catching Zaha with a late challenge. ,2
Alba's booked for a heavy challenge in Barca's half. Barca have committed three fouls all game and yet have three yellow cards.,2
usquets gets booked because, well, he's Busquets. The Spain veteran might have said too much to the referee. ,2
RED CARD FOR VALLEJO! Granada go down to 10 men as Braithwaite cuts across Vallejo and is brought down on the edge of the box during a rapid Barca counter. Vallejo is the last defender on the scene so he has to go.  ,3
uarez earns himself a booking for his reaction to a foul by Soro on Umtiti. It was a foul.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #11Dembele also departs the pitch. The 21-year-old midfielder Puig is on for him.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Pedri gets the last 20 minutes off. Trincao gets an opportunity to show his stuff.,0
Yangel HerreraGranada · Midfielder #21Granada make another substitution. The winger Soro is on for Herrera.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21Pjanic also comes on for de Jong who's performed respectably.,0
Lionel MessiBarcelona · Striker #10Koeman decides to make some substitutions with Barca's win surely secure. Messi is replaced by Braithwaite.,0
Darwin MachísGranada · Midfielder #11Granada make their fourth change of the game. Kenedy is on for Machis.,0
sst: O. DembéléGOAL! GRANADA 0-4 BARCELONA! Barca are playing clinically. Griezmann grabs his second goal of the game, finishing deftly into the far bottom corner from Dembele's dinked cross.,1
Roberto SoldadoGranada · Striker #9Next to get the chop is Soldado whose unfortunate intervention gave Barca their first goal. Suarez comes on.,0
Ángel MontoroGranada · Midfielder #19Granada make a triple substitution at half-time. Firstly Milla replaces Montoro in midfield.,0
Carlos NevaGranada · Defender #15Last to be replaced in Neva who struggled with Dembele in the first half. Vallejo is on for him.,0
oldado receives the game's first yellow card for an ill-judged challenge on Mingueza. There'll be one minute of added time in this first half.,2
GOAL! GRANADA 0-3 BARCELONA! Who else? Messi steps up and swishes a lovely free-kick between the wall into the far bottom corner for his second goal of the game. Barca's captain is hitting a great vein of form.,1
Asst: A. GriezmannGOAL! GRANADA 0-2 BARCELONA! Barca now have a comfortable lead. Granada lose possession and the visitors break through Griezmann. Messi receives the ball inside the D and curls a fabulous effort into the top left corner.,1
OAL! GRANADA 0-1 BARCELONA! Griezmann completes a fine finish on the turn in the box. The assistant referee initially flags the Frenchman offside but the last touch in the build-up after Busquets' throughball was a deflection off Soldado.,1
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9Pinamonti comes on for Lukaku after a brilliant performance from the Belgian.,0
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Perisic is withdrawn for Darmian on the left flank.,0
Achraf HakimiInter · Midfielder #2D'Ambrosio replaces Hakimi at right wing-back for the home side.,0
Luis AlbertoLazio · Midfielder #10Pereira comes on to replace Luis Alberto in the Lazio midfield.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Sanchez replaces Martinez in the final third for the closing stages.,0
Christian EriksenInter · Midfielder #24Gagliardini is on for Eriksen in the Inter midfield.,0
Joaquin CorreaLazio · Striker #11Correa is withdrawn after an underwhelming outing and is replaced by Caicedo.,0
Ciro ImmobileLazio · Striker #17Muriqi replaces Immobile in the final third, with the Italian enduring a frustrating evening.,0
Asst: R. LukakuGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MARTINEZ CONVERTS AFTER A BRILLIANT LUKAKU RUN!!!!! 3-1 INTER!!!! The home side restore their two-goal advantage as Martinez taps home at the back post, but the effort is all about Lukaku. Brozovic sends the forward down the right flank and he surges past Parolo, running at full speed for at least 40 yards. From the inside channel, he places a perfect ball across the face of goal for Martinez, who provides the finish into an empty net.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ESCALANTE DEFLECTS MILINKOVIC-SAVIC'S EFFORT INTO THE NET!!! 2-1!! Lazio are back in the game with a huge slice of luck. Milinkovic-Savic lines up a strike from a free-kick on the edge of the box. He smashes his effort straight into the hip of Escalante. The ball deflects off the midfielder, travels towards goal and completely wrong-foots Handanovic to find the back of the net.,1
azio break on a counter and Lazzari lines up a strike, forcing Hakimi to bring down the defender. The wing-back goes into the book, while Lazio have a free-kick on the edge of the box.,2
Wesley HoedtLazio · Defender #14Parolo comes on for Hoedt. Inzaghi is changing his team's formation at the break.,0
Lucas LeivaLazio · Midfielder #6Escalante replaces Lucas at the break for the visitors.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! LUKAKU FIRES HOME!!!!! 2-0 INTER!!! Lukaku displays his predatory instincts with a strike from close range. There's a huge element of fortune about the goal as Brozovic slides to win a challenge with Lazzari. The ball deflects into the path of the Belgian in the box and he is left with only Reina to beat, blasting his effort into the bottom-left corner. VAR plays a role in awarding the goal as the officials initially chalked off the strike for offside, but the forward was on and punished the visitors.,1
ukaku is adjudged to have caught Lucas in the face with a stray arm and goes into the book.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUKAKU CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!!!! 1-0 INTER!!!! The Belgian makes no mistake from 12 yards. He stutters in his run-up before placing his strike with power on his left foot into the bottom-left corner, sending Reina the wrong way.,1
GOOAAALLLL!!! D'AMBROSIO! INCREDIBLE! 4-3 INTER! Two goals in less than 90 seconds! A deflected cross loops up at the back post and the defender towers over Vlahovic to nod in what might well be the winner.,1
sst: A. HakimiGOOAAALLLL!!! LUKAKU! Inter's talisman comes to their rescue! His shooting has been wayward here, but his close-range finish just evades Dragowski this time. 3-3!,1
Franck RibéryFiorentina · Striker #7A magnificent Ribery performance comes to an end. He created two goals and might have had further assists. Cutrone is on.,0
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14This is some Inter line-up now! It is all out attack, with Sanchez replacing Perisic, who was playing at wing-back.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23How is this for a double substitution? Inter introduce power in the centre of the pitch with Nainggolan first on for Barella.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Vidal is also on for his debut. Brozovic heads for the bench.,0
Federico ChiesaFiorentina · Midfielder #25Are Fiorentina looking to sit on this lead now? Chiesa makes way for a more defensive-minded option in Lirola.,0
Ashley YoungInter · Midfielder #15Inter want more energy on the flank - the same side Ribery is playing - as Young makes way for Hakimi.,0
Christian EriksenInter · Midfielder #24Another underwhelming Eriksen outing comes to an end with Sensi's introduction.,0
Asst: F. RibéryGOOAAALLLL!!! CHIESA! Fiorentina lead! Incredible! It's 3-2! The game is so open right now and Chiesa races onto a sensational Ribery pass to dink a finish past Handanovic, whose weak hand cannot stop the ball crossing the line.,1
Christian KouaméFiorentina · Striker #11There is a change up front, too, as Kouame makes way for Vlahovic.,0
Giacomo BonaventuraFiorentina · Midfielder #5Fiorentina make their first changes. Valero, the ex-Inter man, replaces former Milan midfielder Bonaventura.,0
Asst: F. RibéryGOOAAALLLL!!! CASTROVILLI! We are level again! 2-2! This is wonderful from Castrovilli, whose energy knows no bounds. He plays a pass forward down the left to launch an attack and then races into the area, taking a return pass on his right before shooting with his left. Handanovic cannot get close to a powerful low finish.,1
Asst: N. BarellaGOOAAALLLL!!! MARTINEZ! Clinical! The Inter striker has scarcely had sight of the goal but picks his spot at the end of an Inter counter. Martinez shapes a finish into the bottom-right corner to level the match at 1-1.,1
This Fiorentina booking will stand! Ceccherini pretty rashly chops down Martinez by the corner flag. The forward has nowhere to go but buys a foul and a card for his opponent.,2
Inter's frustration is getting the better of them already. A second foul in quick succession sees Barella catch Ribery and go into the book.,2
Asst: G. BonaventuraGOOAAALLLL!!! KOUAME! Incredible! It's 1-0 from Fiorentina's first attack! Eriksen gifts possession to the visitors on halfway and Ribery leads the attack. His cross passes through the box, but then Biraghi centres. Kouame and Bonaventura come together and the ball drops kindly for the latter, who squares for the former to tap in. Simple stuff.,1
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19The impressive Mbeumo, scorer of the first and provider of the second, makes way for Canos.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9The foul for the yellow card was Antonio's last act of the game, as he comes off for Vlasic.,0
Asst: B. MbeumoToney doubles the lead!!! Mbeumo does really well to hook a Henry cross back over to his strike partner. Toney has to reach back for it a little, but gets sufficient power and direction on the ball to send his header into the back of the net to make it 2-0.,1
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10Benrahma comes on against his former club, receiving warm applause from both sets of fans as he makes his way onto the pitch. Lanzini is the man to make way.,0
Asst: I. ToneyBrentford take the lead!!! Ajer takes the throw-in and finds Toney, who sidefoots the ball first-time to Mbeumo. The Frenchman then finishes past Fabianski to make it 1-0,1
Kurt ZoumaWest Ham · Defender #4Zouma does indeed make way, with Diop on to replace him.,0
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Striker #15Final roll of the dice for Villa now and it's Bertrand Traore that's coming off, with Ramsey replacing him.,0
Willian JoséWolves · Striker #12Wolves are making a change as well and Willian Jose is the one making way for Silva.,0
TrézéguetAston Villa · Striker #17Second change for Villa now and Smith is bringing on Davies to replace Trezeguet.,0
Morgan SansonAston Villa · Midfielder #25Villa are making the first change of the game and it's Barkley that's coming on for Sanson, who seems to have picked up an ankle problem.,0
It's a clumsy one from Sanson as he clatters into the back of Neto and he's shown the first yellow card of the match.,2
Maupay is late to close down Ake and crashes into the defender, earning himself a late booking.,2
Ben GodfreyEverton · Defender #22Lampard isn't going to take any risks with Godfrey as he goes off with the medical team. Doucoure replaces him.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20And Alvarez is also brought on for Silva.,0
Jack GrealishMan City · Striker #10City are making their first changes as they continue to go for a late goal. Grealish is the first to go off, with Foden replacing him.,0
Rico LewisMan City · Defender #82Henry is also making way, with Gundogan on in his place.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Everton are making another change here. Gueye is going off, with Davies coming on for him.,0
Nathan PattersonEverton · Defender #3And Patterson is also taken off, with Coleman replacing him.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Everton are making a double change here. Calvert-Lewin is the first to go off, with Maupay on in his place.,0
Asst: I. GueyeGRAY EQUALISES! And what a way to do it! Rodri gives the ball away and Gueye touches it into Gray's path to set him on the counter. He drives down the left before holding it up, but when he sees no options, he goes it alone. He drags it away from Akanji before curling an excellent strike over Ederson and into the far top corner. 1-1!,1
t was a poor challenge by Onana as he took out Rodri's legs. It's a costly yellow card for him too as he'll miss their next game against Brighton and Hove Albion.,2
arkowski was one of several Everton players that weren't happy that a flag didn't go up against Stones, and he's booked for dissent after shouting at the linesman.,2
empers are rising after that free-kick. Haaland chases down Mykolenko and slides in with a poor challenge, earning himself a yellow card.,2
atterson gives Grealish a shove in the back to cut out another run by the City man and has his name taken by the referee.,2
It's a clumsy challenge by De Bruyne as he crashes into Onana to stop his run. He's booked for the challenge.,2
sst: R. MahrezHAALAND SCORES! Grealish got away from his man down the left again and did well to squeeze a pass into Mahrez under pressure. His clever footwork allows him space to square it to Haaland, who pokes it past Pickford, and Coady on the line, into the back of the net. 1-0 City!,1
Patterson went to put in a challenge, but Silva had already gone past him. The midfielder went to ground with no contact, and he's booked for diving.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! Taz scores a late consolation goal to make it 3-1! The striker sends Neuer the wrong way and buries the ball in the bottom left-hand corner to give the hosts something to cheer about late on.,1
Niklas SüleBayern · Defender #4The visitors' final change of the match sees Sule replaced by Lucas, who makes his competitive debut for the German champions.,0
Asst: S. GnabryGOOOAL! Goretzka makes it 3-0 to Bayern! The substitute won possession on the edge of the Energie box and he then fed Gnabry down the right-hand side. Gnabry then pulled the ball back to Goretzka from the byline, and he made no mistake as he slotted it into the bottom corner from just inside the area.,1
Dimitar RangelovEnergie Cottbus · Striker #8The third Energie change sees Rangelov depart and he is replaced by Broschinski.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Striker #29Coman leaves the pitch in Bayern's second change of the match, with Gnabry coming on as his replacement.,0
Asst: L. GoretzkaGOOOAL! Coman makes it 2-0 to Bayern! The visitors launch a counter-attack move from deep which sees Goretzka find Coman on the left flank, and he cuts inside before drilling an effort across goal which finds the bottom right-hand corner.,1
Felix GeislerEnergie Cottbus · Midfielder #10Energie make their second substitution as Beyazit replaces Felix Geisler.,0
Renato SanchesBayern · Midfielder #35Bayern's first change of the match sees Sanches replaced by Goretzka.,0
Niklas GeislerEnergie Cottbus · Midfielder #19Energie's first change of the match sees Raak enter the fray in place of Niklas Geisler.,0
Tolisso looks to thread a pass through a gap in Energie's defensive line, but he is brought to ground by Eisenhuth who is booked by the referee.,2
Hasse is next to be booked after tugging back Sanches on the left wing, but Bayern fail to capitalise on the set-piece in a promising position.,2
Kimmich is shown the yellow card for a late challenge on Hoppe, but Taz's resulting delivery is cleared away by Bayern.,2
hiago is shown the first yellow card of the match after sliding in late on Brugmann as he looked to launch one last attack before half-time.,2
OOOAL! Lewandowski makes it 1-0 to Bayern! Muller picks it up on the right-hand side of the area and loops a cross towards the arriving Coman. The winger’s close-range header is well saved by Moser, but Lewandowski is then on hand to volley it into an empty net from inside the six-yard box.,1
pparently for wasting time, with the clock ticking down, Sanchez is booked.,2
Yves BissoumaBrighton · Midfielder #8Receiving a rapturous round of applause, even after one of his less eye-catching games, Bissouma is withdrawn and Moder comes on in midfield.,0
Boubakary SoumaréLeicester City · Midfielder #42Leicester are switching to two up top, as Soumare comes off and Iheanacho is on in pursuit of an equalising goal.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Midfielder #18Brighton make another change in personnel, as Welbeck is replaced by Burn. A sure sign that Potter wants to shut up shop for the final 20 minutes.,0
Ryan BertrandLeicester City · Defender #5Bertrand is replaced at full-back for the visitors, with Castagne on in his place.,0
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20Potter makes an immediate response to conceding a rare goal, as March is substituted and Mwepu comes on for the final half-hour.,0
sst: Y. TielemansLEICESTER HAVE ONE BACK! Vardy sniffs out a close-range finish, following the third in a series of clever combinations between Pereira and Lookman on the right. They find Tielemans unmarked on the edge of the box, and the Belgian midfielder puts in a ball which Vardy slips home with glee. It's now Brighton 2-1 Leicester! ,1
Asst: L. TrossardBRIGHTON GO TWO UP! Trossard flips in a precision free-kick from the right, and Welbeck rises majestically to nod down into the net, giving Schmeichel no chance to save. Brighton are now 2-0 ahead!,1
James MaddisonLeicester City · Striker #10Having made little impact before the interval, Maddison has been withdrawn for Lookman, who brings a more direct approach.,0
Perhaps a little harshly, Ndidi is yellow-carded for a clip on Welbeck's trailing leg some 25 yards from goal.,2
enalty GoalBRIGHTON LEAD! Maupay leaves no room for doubt as he thunders his spot-kick past a helpless Schmeichel to give the Seagulls a one-goal lead! They had been growing in confidence in the final third, and their patience has been rewarded. Brighton 1-0 Leicester!,1
After bringing down Barnes with a reckless challenge, Veltman is the first name in the referee's book and will have to tread carefully from now on. ,2
Isco goes into a tackle and mistimes it, which forces the referee to produce a late yellow card. ,2
Aihen MuñozReal Sociedad · Defender #29The final change for Sociedad is in defence, as Munoz is replaced by Zubeldia. ,0
Asst: Willian JoséOFF THE BENCH AND ON THE SCORE SHEET! PARDO DOUBLES THE ADVANTAGE! On the pitch for 10 minutes, Pardo runs into the penalty area towards the far post completely unmarked, and gets on the end of Willian Jose’s cross for a header which beats Courtois!,1
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Solari casts his final roll of the dice as he replaces Kroos with Ceballos. His side have 10 minutes, and 10 men to earn a result.  ,0
MarceloReal Madrid · Defender #12Marcelo is withdrawn in Solari’s second change. Reguilon is called into the fray in his place. ,0
Januzaj is seemingly brought down, but the referee calls for a Real Madrid free-kick following the ensuing handball by the Sociedad player. Modric goes over to ask for a yellow card to be produced, but the referee is unhappy with the feedback, instead booking the Croatia international for his protestations! ,2
Mikel MerinoReal Sociedad · Midfielder #8A second change for Sociedad sees Merino replaced by Pardo. ,0
Aritz ElustondoReal Sociedad · Defender #15Alguacil tries to break up the play and slow Real Madrid’s pace with a substitution, as Elustondo departs for Zaldua.,0
THINGS GO FROM BAD TO WORSE AT THE BERNABEU! VAZQUEZ SENT OFF! It looked a standard foul to prevent a counter-attack from Vazquez inside the centre-circle on Merino, but perhaps the forward had forgotten his previous booking in the first half. In any case, he's given his second yellow, and promptly sent off! He is clearly unhappy as he has words with the referee, before proceeding to walk off the pitch and tear his shirt. What a horrible lapse in judgement; one that leaves Real Madrid with 10-men on the pitch for the final half-hour! ,3
CasemiroReal Madrid · Midfielder #14Solari turns to the bench for inspiration just before the hour-mark as Isco replaces Casemiro – whose third-minute error is the reason for the difference between the sides.   ,0
Marcelo catches Januzaj from behind – bringing down the forward and earning the full-back a yellow card.,2
Vazquez is shown a yellow for a two-footed slide tackle on Oyarzabal in which the Real Madrid players’ leg was raised at a dangerous height.,2
Following the throw-in, Carvajal is brought down by the trailing leg of Willian Jose – with the Sociedad striker earning the first yellow card of the match for his infraction.   ,2
Penalty GoalWILLIAN JOSE MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT! It’s 1-0 to Sociedad as the striker takes his penalty with poise and power, lifting it into the roof of the net – right down the middle!,1
Red card! As Neymar is taken from the field, the referee returns and dismisses Mendes, deeming his challenge to have been worthy of a straight sending-off. There's a little grumble - were Neymar not having to leave prone on a stretcher, he might have escaped with a yellow - but no-one is really complaining.,3
ree-kick to Lyon! Could that be the game? Kimpembe desperately chops at the ball, botches his tackle and gets booked. The visitors are in no rush and put it deep, where it skitters out for a goal-kick.,2
Lucas PaquetáLyon · Midfielder #12Lyon make a late change now, with Maxence Caqueret on for Lucas Paqueta.,0
Houssem AouarLyon · Midfielder #8Lastly, Lyon bring off Aouar and throw on Bruno Guimaraes in his place.,0
Memphis DepayLyon · Striker #10The visitors have also made an attacking change though, with Moussa Dembele on for Depay.,0
Tino KadewereLyon · Striker #11Lyon are going for a defensive approach now; goalscorer Kadewere has been replaced by Sinaly Diomande.,0
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18Lopes is still down, having hit an advertising hoarding when he went to ground, tumbling away. Rafinha is meanwhile on for Kean for the hosts.,0
Desperate six-yard defence from Lyon as Neymar nearly wrestles the ball away from two defenders. He darts back in and pushes over De Sciglio, who in turn crashes into Lopes. A yellow comes his way.,2
Léo DuboisLyon · Defender #14Lyon get in on the act themselves now, and replace Dubois with Mattia De Sciglio.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11Kylian Mbappe now joins the fray too for the hosts, replacing Di Maria, who has been mostly ineffective today.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Indeed, Ander Herrera is the latest new face for PSG. He replaces Paredes, who seems furious to be taken off.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6The hosts also bring out Idrissa Gueye, who takes the place of Verratti.,0
aredes tracks his boot across the back of Depay's heel with a late challenge and the Lyon man absolutely crumples. It looks to have caught the very tip with the studs. It's a booking for the PSG man.,2
arely a minute has elapsed in this half and Kehrer already has a booking for a lunge tackle on Toko Ekambi. It's a rash and particularly wasteful challenge; he'll have to watch himself now.,2
Dubois now bulldozes Neymar in midfield and picks up a booking for his troubles. Lyon's players are not happy about the call - and nor is Neymar, who is busy chelping at the offender after the incident.,2
Asst: K. Toko EkambiGOAL! TINO KADEWERE HANDS LYON THE LEAD! 1-0! That is not a waste! The striker is slipped through into the same spot again, but makes no mistakes as he drills a low finish below Navas at the left post. A beautifully composed strike! PSG trail.,1
Abdou DialloPSG · Defender #22PSG look to have a problem with Diallo, who has taken a few crunching tackles today. He's off - and Thilo Kehrer is on.,0
issouma picks up the first yellow card of the game for a frustrated barge on Fernandinho.,2
OAL!!! STERLING GETS HIS HAT-TRICK IN BIZARRE FASHION!! David Silva lofts a lovely ball forward and Sterling tries to flick it over the head of Dunk. The Brighton captain gets his head on it first and tries to play it back to his keeper, but there's confusion in the Seagulls defence as Ryan comes charging out and Sterling goes to ground, managing to nod the ball goalwards past the Australian on his way down. Burn tries desperately to clear it off the line, but he can only ping it in off the base of the post! It's now 5-0 to City!,1
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Burn enters the fray now as Potter throws on an extra defender at the expense of Gross.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Fernandinho also comes on to replace Rodri. It's a rare chance for the Brazilian to play in his preferred defensive midfield role, having spent much of the season at centre-back to cover for injuries.,0
Eric GarcíaMan City · Defender #50The game suffers further disruption as Guardiola makes a double-switch. Stones replaces Garcia alongside Laporte at the heart of the defence.,0
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Midfielder #11Jahanbakhsh takes to the field in place of Trossard, who came close to levelling the scores in the first half. ,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17David Silva takes both De Bruyne's place in midfield and the captain's armband as the Belgian departs the field.,0
Benjamin MendyMan City · Defender #22Mendy also makes way for Zinchenko at left-back in the second part of a triple-change.,0
Gabriel JesusMan City · Striker #9Jesus does not look pleased at being brought off for Foden, with Guardiola making changes now the game looks to be wrapped up.,0
Aaron ConnollyBrighton · Striker #44Finally, Maupay comes on up front for Connolly, who has hardly had a sniff all game.,0
Davy PröpperBrighton · Midfielder #24Stephens replaces Propper in a like-for-like alteration in midfield as the second substitution.,0
Martín MontoyaBrighton · Defender #22Potter responds to his side conceding a fourth by making a triple substitution. It may be a little too late to affect the scoreline in a meaningful way, but Lamptey replaces Montoya at right-back in the first change.,0
Asst: G. JesusGOAL!!! SILVA MAKES IT FOUR!! The Portuguese's first effort was saved by Ryan and Jesus couldn't latch onto the rebound as Dunk dived to intervene. It found its way back to Silva in space inside the box, however, and he made no mistake with the finish the second time, slotting into the bottom-left corner! It's now 4-0 to City!,1
sst: R. MahrezGOAL!!! STERLING HEADS HOME HIS SECOND!! Mendy wins the ball high up on the left and finds Sterling to his right. The winger squares for De Bruyne, who drives to the edge of the box and finds Mahrez, who cuts onto his left and lofts in a superb cross that Sterling heads emphatically home at the back post! It's 3-0 to City now!,1
sst: RodriGOAL!!! JESUS DOUBLES CITY'S LEAD!! Rodri heads the resulting corner towards the back post where Jesus is waiting to scramble home past Ryan! The striker has got himself into plenty of good positions this evening and finally has a goal to show for it. It's 2-0 to Manchester City now!,1
sst: G. JesusGOAL!!! STERLING FIRES CITY AHEAD!! The ball is worked quickly into the feet of Jesus and the striker links up with Sterling on the edge of the box. The winger cuts inside and calmly slots his shot into the bottom-right corner past a diving Ryan! It's 1-0 to City! ,1
Asst: J. DasilvaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!! TONEY SURELY WINS THE GAME FOR BRENTFORD!!!!!! 2-1!!!!! The visitors hit City on a fast break as Wissa and Dasilva combine. The latter powers a low ball across the face of goal that Toney steers into the back of the net on his right foot from six yards. The Bees are on course for a massive win here and Toney sends another message to Southgate and England.,1
ensen pulls back De Bruyne on a counter and goes into the book.,2
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Onyeka makes way for Dasilva in the middle of the park.,0
João CanceloMan City · Defender #7Cancelo makes way after being carded and is replaced by Alvarez.,0
ancelo goes down in the box looking for a penalty from Zanka's challenge. However, the referee spots his dive and books the Portuguese for simulation.,2
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Mbeumo is withdrawn after a good performance. He is replaced by Wissa in the final third.,0
Mbeumo brings down Gundogan with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Janelt makes way from the Brentford midfield and is replaced by Nørgaard.,0
Asst: M. AkanjiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FODEN RESPONDS FOR CITY!!!! 1-1!!!! City have their equaliser just before the break as Foden blasts a strike past Raya. De Bruyne lifts a corner into the box from the right and the ball deflects off Akanji's head to find the England man. He drills a powerful left-footed drive away from the Brentford keeper into the top-right corner. A fine strike.,1
aaland catches Zanka with a stray arm to the face and goes into the book.,2
Asst: B. MeeGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TONEY NODS BRENTFORD AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Toney is on the spot to give Gareth Southgate and England a reminder of what they could be missing at the World Cup by putting Brentford in front at the Etihad Stadium. Raya launches a free-kick into the box from his own half and Mee rises to win the first header. It loops towards the six-yard box where Ederson is indecisive. Toney attacks the ball and rises above Laporte before looping his header into the City net.,1
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Gundogan makes way for Foden for the dying minutes.,0
Cancelo slides in hard in Carroll from behind and goes into the book.,2
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Gayle replaces Almiron for the visitors for the closing stages.,0
char brings down De Bruyne on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Ferran TorresMan City · Striker #21Aguero comes on to replace Torres for the final 13 minutes to build his fitness.,0
JoelintonNewcastle · Striker #9Carroll replaces the ailing Joelinton for the Magpies in the final third.,0
Matt RitchieNewcastle · Defender #11Lewis replaces Ritchie down the left flank for the visitors.,0
Ritchie pulls back Cancelo on a run down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Fernandinho replaces Rodri for the home side in the middle of the park.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TORRES SCORES FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!! 2-0 CITY!!!! The home side double their advantage as Torres slots a simple strike past Darlow. Silva robs Almiron of possession down the right flank and sends a low ball across the face of goal. Fernandez scuffs his clearance straight to Torres, who takes a touch and finds the bottom-right corner.,1
Rodri clips Clark on a charge upfield and goes into the book. A needless one from the Spaniard.,2
sst: R. SterlingGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GUNDOGAN PUTS CITY AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The home side get the breakthrough as Gundogan slots home from close range. Cancelo releases Sterling down the right inside channel and the England man does well to draw the Newcastle defence with a drag back. With time, he picks out Gundogan, who sidefoots his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
Ollie WatkinsAston Villa · Striker #11Recent signing Rogers also jogs on to the pitch, with opening goalscorer Watkins making way.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31First, Bailey departs to warm applause, as Diaby is offered a brief cameo.,0
Youri TielemansAston Villa · Midfielder #8There will be an increasingly rare opportunity for Zaniolo now, as Emery takes off Tielemans.,0
Morgan Gibbs-WhiteNottm Forest · Midfielder #10Meanwhile, Gibbs-White makes way for Reyna, as Nuno uses his fifth and final change.,0
Nicolás DomínguezNottm Forest · Midfielder #16Dominguez has his shift curtailed, as Yates trots on to join Danilo in Forest's midfield.,0
VILLA 4-2 FOREST! The goal-count keeps rising! Played through by Tielemans following some slipshod Forest defending, Watkins tries to round Sels in the area. The goalkeeper's desperate save only presents the ball to Bailey, who simply guides it into the back of the net from 10 yards out! That's his 11th goal of the season! The hosts' two-goal lead is restored!,1
Àlex MorenoAston Villa · Defender #15Shortly after picking up a yellow card, Moreno will be withdrawn by Unai Emery, who is animatedly pointing to his head, appealing for calm in the Villa defence. Digne comes on.,0
For what essentially amounts to a rugby tackle on Williams, Moreno is the first player booked for Aston Villa today.,2
Asst: D. OrigiFOREST BACK IN IT! The visitors further reduce their deficit, as Villa only lead 3-2! Half-time substitute Origi slips a perfectly weighted ball through for Gibbs-White, who is free in space behind Villa's defence, and the latter lifts the ball skilfully over an on-rushing Martinez! A goal either side of half-time has got Forest back into this game!,1
MurilloNottm Forest · Defender #40Nuno responds to Forest's first-half display with a triple change: first, Murillo makes way for Toffolo.,0
FelipeNottm Forest · Defender #18Felipe is also withdrawn, having been booked before the break. Omobamidele comes on.,0
Pau TorresAston Villa · Defender #14Unai Emery has made a half-time substitution, as Pau Torres - who was recently sidelined by injury - is replaced by Chambers in central defence.,0
Asst: T. AwoniyiFOREST FIGHT BACK! On the stroke of half-time, Niakhate cuts the visitors' deficit! Villa were asleep at a set-piece, as Awoniyi nods on a corner-kick from the right, before the defender chests the ball in from close range! It's now just 3-1 to Aston Villa! Game on?,1
Now, Nottingham Forest's other centre-back is booked, as Felipe hauls down Watkins and is shown a yellow card. It's been a terrible first half for the visitors' back four.,2
sst: J. McGinnVILLA HAVE A THIRD! Douglas Luiz strikes again! Following a corner on the right, the hosts recycle the ball, finding McGinn just outside Forest's area. The Villans' skipper then sends over a pinpoint delivery, which his midfield colleague meets with a clinical header! Sels had no chance! It's 3-0 before the break!,1
sst: J. RamseyDOUGLAS LUIZ DOUBLES VILLA'S LEAD! Bailey and Cash combine on the right, then Ramsey - under little pressure - turns in the area and guides the ball across to Douglas Luiz. With aplomb, the Brazilian blasts home his ninth goal of the season from near the penalty spot, and Aston Villa are now totally on top: 2-0! Forest already look beaten.,1
After Forest fail to make the most of Gibbs-White's free-kick, Murillo brings down Douglas Luiz, who is trying to set up a rapid counter-attack. That results in the game's first booking.,2
Asst: L. BaileyVILLA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! After McGinn spins and sends Bailey clear down the right, the latter drives to the byline and slots a low pass across the six-yard box for Watkins, who couldn't miss! The in-form striker sweeps the ball into an empty net from close in, putting the hosts one goal ahead early on! It's an awful start for Nottingham Forest!,1
Fernandinho wipes out Bowen on the left flank and goes into the book.,2
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Rodri replaces Gundogan in the middle of the park for the closing stages.,0
Ben JohnsonWest Ham · Midfielder #31Johnson makes his way off the pitch and is replaced by Bowen.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #30Antonio has run a good shift for the visitors and is now withdrawn with tiring legs. Benrahma replaces the forward.,0
sst: R. MahrezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! STONES BURIES HIS STRIKE!!!! 2-1 CITY!! The home side regain the lead with a fine effort from Stones. Mahrez probes down the right flank and opens up space for an offload towards the defender in space. Stones meets it first time with his right foot and guides his effort through a crowd of players and past Randolph.,1
Ferran TorresMan City · Striker #21Foden replaces Torres on the left flank for the home side.,0
Sergio AgüeroMan City · Striker #10Aguero is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Jesus.,0
Asst: J. LingardGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ANTONIO CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 1-1!!! Antonio diverts Lingard's strike into the back of the net to level the scores. The Hammer find space on the right flank as Coufal presses forward. He cuts a cross back to Lingard, who directs an effort towards goal. Antonio makes sure it crosses the line, stabbing home from two yards.,1
sst: K. De BruyneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DIAS HEADS CITY IN FRONT!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as the Portuguese powers a header past Randolph from close range. De Bruyne is the architect as he delivers a sublime cross from the right flank to the back post. Dias rises and plants his effort through Randolph into the back of the net. The defender notches his first City goal.,1
Johnson pulls back Mahrez after the forward bursts past him down the right flank. The wing-back goes into the book.,2
Ryan SessegnonTottenham · Midfielder #19SUB: A defensive switch as Mourinho attempts to protect this narrow advantage. Sanchez replaces Sessegnon, with Tanganga moving out to left-back.,0
enalty GoalGOAL!! Is that the winner?! 3-2 Spurs! Harry Kane usually takes these spot-kicks, but Son keeps his cool and tucks his finish inside the left-hand post. It's harsh on Southampton, but the pressure had been building.,1
YELLOW: Gunn protests his innocence but goes into the book and will face the penalty.,2
YELLOW: Another Saints booking. Adams barges into Aurier, his frustration getting the better of him.,2
YELLOW: Lucas Moura has been a threat throughout and he wins a foul from Romeu, prompting a booking.,2
Shane LongSouthampton · Striker #7SUB: Long comes back onto the field but only very briefly, making way for Adams.,0
Asst: D. AlliGOAL!! Lovely, lovely goal! It's 2-2! Out of nothing, Lucas Moura dances into space just inside the area and sweeps a right-footed finish into the bottom-left corner. Will that wake Tottenham up?! They're back in this.,1
sst: N. RedmondGOAL!! Southampton have the lead they deserve! 2-1! It's Ings! Their form man has a clinical finish at the end of a rapid break, Tottenham's ambition from the corner punished ruthlessly.,1
Sofiane BoufalSouthampton · Midfielder #19SUB: Boufal, who missed the biggest Southampton chance of this second half, makes way for Armstrong in a direct switch.,0
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28SUB: Another Tottenham change. Alli replaces Ndombele. Vertonghen, the previous man replaced, is still sat in silence on the bench, apparently upset by his early substitution.,0
YELLOW: Tottenham pen Southampton in with a couple of blocked shots, but the visitors then have the opportunity to break. Boufal beats Fernandes on the wing and wins a free-kick. The substitute is booked.,2
YELLOW: Cynical from Bednarek, but he will take this booking. Lucas Moura spins his marker and sets off towards goal, only for Bednarek to tug him back.,2
Jan VertonghenTottenham · Defender #5SUB: Despite the big miss a few moments ago, Mourinho simply had to change something. He does. Vertonghen is off for Fernandes in an apparent change of shape.,0
James Ward-ProwseSouthampton · Defender #16SUB: Indeed, here comes Vestergaard. It would appear Stephens will move to right-back.,0
OAL!! It's 1-1! Long! Lloris has given Southampton every opportunity to score with his poor handling, and his latest parry grants Long the simplest of finishes. Redmond twists in the area and shoots low, and Lloris pushes the ball out to Long.,1
GOAAAALL!!!! UNION BERLIN 3-3 UNION SG! WE ARE LEVEL!!! The home side come back from behind for the third time tonight as Michel smashes the ball into the bottom corner. The Union Berlin subbed latched onto the ball in the penalty area, and he wasted no time before scoring. What a game this has been!!,1
Victor BonifaceUnion Saint-Gilloise · Striker #7After his two goals, Boniface is now on the bench and Nilsson will get a few minutes to make a difference.,0
Lazare AmaniUnion Saint-Gilloise · Midfielder #8Amani is now walking around the pitch after being subbed, with Puertas on for the final few minutes.,0
Giebelmann gets into a disagreement with Amani, and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Yorbe VertessenUnion Saint-Gilloise · Striker #18Union SG's first substitution of the night sees Adingra replace Vertessen.,0
Sheraldo BeckerUnion Berlin · Striker #27Becker makes way for Michel as Fischer tries to find a way to get his team back level.,0
Morten ThorsbyUnion Berlin · Midfielder #2Thorsby's night is also over, with Leweling on for the final 13 minutes.,0
Christopher TrimmelUnion Berlin · Midfielder #28More changes for Union Berlin as Trimmel is replaced by Giebelmann.,0
Knoche is now in the referee's book after stopping a Union SG counter-attack.,2
sst: B. NieuwkoopGOAAAALLL UNION BERLIN 2-3 UNION SG!!! They have done it again. The visitors have scored against the run of play, and this is turning into an incredible contest in Berlin. Nieuwkoop was at the heart of the attack as he raced down the right flank before cutting the ball to Boniface. The Union SG striker stayed composed, firing the ball straight back across the goal past a helpless Ronnow.,1
GOAAALLLLLL!!! UNION BERLIN 2-2 UNION SG! Knoche scores at the second attempt, with Moris palming his first effort straight back to him. Thankfully for the home side, Knoche stayed composed and tapped the rebound into the back of the net.,1
Burgess is shown a yellow card for a handball in the box, which stopped Union Berlin from scoring. There was no intent there, but he is still shown a card as Union Berlin prepares to draw level.,2
Kevin BehrensUnion Berlin · Striker #17The second sees Behrens make way for Siebatcheu.,0
Janik HabererUnion Berlin · Midfielder #19Laidouni replaces Haberer in the first change for Union Berlin.,0
Asst: L. LapoussinGOAAAALLL UNION BERLIN 1-2 UNION SG!!! The visitors punished the home side on the counter-attack, and the Belgian outfit showed so much composure to retake the lead. Lapoussin picked out Vertessen with a well-weighted throughball, and he had the composure to slot past Ronnow.,1
Lynen is the second player booked after a poor challenge on Thorsby as Union Berlin tried to counter-attack.,2
GOAAAALLL UNION BERLIN 1-1 UNION SG!!!! An incredible free-kick from Juranovic puts the home side level just before half-time. Union Berlin had hoped they had won a penalty after a foul on Haberer in the box, but the referee pulled the play back for an earlier tackle on the edge of the box. The home fans were not unhappy for long, with Juranovic curling the ball over the wall and into the top corner. WHAT A STRIKE!,1
sst: Y. VertessenGOAAALLLL!!!! Union Berlin 0-1 UNION SG. From nowhere, Union SG are in the lead, and Boniface will claim it, although his shot from outside of the box took a huge deflection. The Union SG striker collected possession on the edge of the box and was given time to turn. That was a poor decision from Union Berlin, who could only watch helplessly as Boniface's shot curled into the far corner past Ronnow.,1
Vertessen goes into the referee's book, and he can have no complaints after bodychecking Thorsby in the middle of midfield.,2
NatanNapoli · Defender #3Natan is replaced by Zerbin with four minutes to go, after a less than impressive showing.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Defender #36Ahead by three goals, Inzaghi is afforded the opportunity to rest starters and give rotational players a chance to impress. In this instance, it's Darmian who is given a break, with Bisseck coming on.,0
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9The goal is Thuram's last contribution of the match, with Arnautovic given a four-minute run-out.,0
huram is shown a yellow card after finishing his celebration for removing his shirt; a bookable offence.,2
sst: J. CuadradoTHURAM MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! INTER! Barella’s switch of play finds Cuadrado completely unmarked on the right-hand side of the penalty area, forcing the Napoli defence to scramble across. The Colombia international picks his head up and takes a touch before slipping a perfect pass across the 18-yard box for Thuram, who tucks it home neatly!,1
Darmian is the latest player to be shown a yellow card, after catching Kvaratskhelia’s heel during an attempt to stop the winger receiving a pass on the halfway line.,2
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Inzaghi gives Mkhitaryan an early rest with Inter ahead by two goals. Frattesi is given a chance to stretch his legs.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries limps off looking rather uncomfortable, with former Juventus wing-back Cuadrado on in his stead.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68A change in central midfield sees Zielinski sent on in relief of Lobotka.,0
Elif ElmasNapoli · Midfielder #7Lindstrom replaces Elmas with 15 minutes remaining in the contest.,0
Rrahmani is shown a delayed yellow card, with the referee taking a moment to decide before booking the centre-back for a mix of the foul and dissent.,2
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Looking for a way back into the game, Raspadori is sent on by Mazzarri, with Politano withdrawn.,0
Asst: L. MartínezINTER DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! 2-0! It’s a fabulous goal from Barella, who times his late run into the penalty area to perfection in order to receive Martinez’s low cross from the left. With time and space to shoot, the Italy international opts to slalom past both Ostigard and Natan before slipping the ball past Meret!,1
lmas is shown a yellow card after Sommer's stop, for taking his protestations a little too far in pursuit of a penalty.,2
Asst: N. BarellaA GOAL OUT OF NOWHERE! 1-0 INTER! With just one minute to go before additional time, Turkey international Calhanoglu puts his side ahead with a sublime strike from 24 yards out, lashing a first-time half-volley into the bottom corner thanks to Barella’s lay-off!,1
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Confirmation of the enforced change 18 minutes into the match, with Augusto sent on to replace the injured De Vrij in defence.,0
Asst: A. WestwoodGOOOAAALLL! Burnley break the deadlock right at the end of the game, it's 1-0! Surely that's the winner by Rodriguez. Westwood whips a deep cross into the box after a quick counter by the visitors and Rodriguez gets above Stacey and powers a header into the back of the net.,1
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Bournemouth make a late substitution, with Billing coming off and he has been replaced by Solanke.,0
Dwight McNeilBurnley · Midfielder #11Burnley make their third and final substitution now, with McNeil heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Brady.,0
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Another Burnley change now, with Barnes replaced by Rodriguez.,0
Jeff HendrickBurnley · Midfielder #13Burnley make their first substitution of the game, with Hendrick the man coming off and he has been replaced by Lennon.,0
Another yellow card is produced, this time to Hendrick after his challenge on Fraser. This means that he will be booked for Burnley's next game against Everton on Boxing Day.,2
rancis is now booked for his sliding tackle on Barnes, just inside the Bournemouth half of the pitch as the visitors looked to break away on the counter.,2
That's three yellow cards within a minute! McNeil is now shown a yellow card for his challenge on Stacey.,2
Barnes is also booked for the shove on Rico, a needless booking to pick up.,2
Rico sees the ball go out of play for a Burnley throw and picks up the ball to stop the visitors from taking it quickly. However, Barnes gets annoyed by this and he shoves the defender to the floor. The Cherries left-back is booked.,2
Lewis CookBournemouth · Midfielder #16Bournemouth have made a substitution at half time, with Cook the man coming off and he has been replaced by Wilson.,0
Westwood is the first player to be booked here, after his foul on Rico, shoving him to the ground.,2
Dejan KulusevskiJuventus · Midfielder #44Allegri has been waiting a while to make this change, and he's bringing on 18-year-old Soule for the end of the game in place of Kulusevski.,0
Luca RanieriSalernitana · Defender #19And Ranieri is also taken off, with Jaroszynski on for him.,0
Federico BonazzoliSalernitana · Striker #9Salernitana are making their final changes here. Bonazzoli is the first to go off, with Vergani replacing him.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #20Bernardeschi's involvement in that goal was his last of the game as he's replaced by Rabiot. ,0
ORATA SCORES! It's well worked by Juventus, with Bernardeschi pulling away from Zortea down the left before pulling the ball back from the byline. Morata gets in front of Belec at the near post and it's a cute finish from him as he flicks it between the keeper's legs. 2-0 Juve! ,1
Luca PellegriniJuventus · Defender #17And it's like-for-like with the other change as well, with Alex Sandro coming on for Pellegrini.,0
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Juventus are making a double change now. Kean is the first to go off, with Morata replacing him.,0
Simeon Tochukwu NwankwoSalernitana · Striker #25Third change for Salernitana here and it's Simy that's making way for Djuric.,0
It's a late one from Locatelli on Coulibaly, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Wajdi KechridaSalernitana · Defender #24And Kechrida is also going off, with Schiavone on in his place. ,0
Leonardo CapezziSalernitana · Midfielder #28Salernitana are making a double change here, with Capezzi the first to make way for Di Tacchio.,0
There were a couple of late challenges from Salernitana players just then, but Gagliolo's sliding challenge on Dybala is the one that's picked out by the referee, with the defender's name going into the book.,2
Asst: D. KulusevskiDYBALA SCORES! It's clever play from him as he plays a one-two with Kulusevski on the edge of the D, which just opens up the space he needs. He hits the shot first time, despite being slightly off-balance, and fires his shot past Belec and into the back of the net. 1-0 Juve! ,1
Asst: PaulinhoGOOAAALLLL!!! 4-2! What a lovely goal! It will count for little today, but 17-year-old Wirtz digs out a beautiful finish to beat Neuer and find the corner of the net.,1
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19SUB: Davies gets a rare rest. Hernandez comes on at left-back.,0
Lucas AlarioLeverkusen · Striker #13SUB: Leverkusen make their final change, and Volland replaces goalscorer Alario. It feels a long time ago that he broke the deadlock.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #22SUB: It's a double-switch for Bayern, with Thiago returning as Gnabry is replaced.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #18SUB: Goretzka's last involvement is to win a free-kick as he now makes way for Javi Martinez.,0
ELLOW: Dragovic fouls Goretzka and becomes the latest man booked.,2
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29SUB: Bayern respond to their fourth goal by making a first change, bringing Perisic on for Coman.,0
sst: T. MüllerGOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI! It's 4-1! And Bayern's star man gets in on the act, his 44th goal of the season in all competitions, making this his most prolific campaign. Lewandowski towers in a header.,1
Julian BaumgartlingerLeverkusen · Midfielder #15SUB: Leverkusen skipper Baumgartlinger is replaced, with Paulinho on.,0
Leon BaileyLeverkusen · Midfielder #9SUB: And Bailey makes way as Leverkusen revert to a more natural wing-back on the left in Wendell.,0
Karim BellarabiLeverkusen · Striker #38SUB: Leverkusen respond with a triple-change at the break! Wirtz replaces Bellarabi.,0
Nadiem AmiriLeverkusen · Midfielder #11SUB: Amiri is also off as Leverkusen change their entire right side. Demirbay is on.,0
Asst: J. KimmichGOOAAALLLL!!! It is three now! And it is Gnabry! 3-1! Leverkusen have crumbled quite spectacularly. Defending so impressively from deep early on, their high line is being exploited time and time again now. Gnabry lifts a simple finish over Hradecky as a looping ball drops into his path.,1
Asst: T. MüllerGOOAAALLLL!!! 2-1 BAYERN! Goretzka! The man who assisted Bayern's first scores their second. At the end of a wonderful move, a shot across Hradecky just creeps under the goalkeeper's left hand.,1
YELLOW: Now Muller is booked for blocking a quick Leverkusen free-kick.,2
YELLOW: Bellarabi is booked for a foul on Davies. The referee then also halts play to have a word with both coaches. This has been a keenly contested first half.,2
ELLOW: It is Lewandowski's turn to go into the book as he tangles with Bender. The striker will miss Bayern's next match now.,2
YELLOW: Amiri is starting to struggle up against Davies, and he goes into the book for tripping the Bayern left-back as he advances just outside the area.,2
Asst: L. GoretzkaGOOAAALLLL!!! 1-1! Clinical from Coman! Coman has had a tough start to this match but makes no mistake went sent clear. Hradecky does not know whether to stay on his line or advance and ultimately can do little to stop the shot, which bends into the bottom-right corner.,1
Asst: J. BaumgartlingerGOOAAALLLL!!! IT COUNTS! Leverkusen lead! Alario makes it 1-0! Alario darts through and prods past Neuer at the near post. The flag goes up, and Bayern are certain that was the right call, but the replays show the striker is just onside.,1
YELLOW: The first card of the day goes to Coman, who is booked for diving as he falls on the edge of the area after going past Tapsoba.,2
Traore is booked after a late challenge on Iwobi. A few of the Rennes supporters aren't happy with that decision, it happened right in front of them.,2
A couple more yellow cards are shown, Kolasinac is the fourth Arsenal player to be booked.,2
Aaron RamseyArsenal · Midfielder #8Arsenal make their final substitution, with Ramsey replaced by Torreira.,0
A few of the Rennes players are starting to lose their cool, Bourigeaud is booked after a throw-in decision goes against him.,2
Benjamin AndréRennes · Midfielder #21Rennes make another substitution, with Andre coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Siliki,0
khitaryan is the latest player to be booked. No complaints there from the Arsenal man. The free-kicks starting to rack up again.,2
Asst: S. KolašinacGOOOAAALLL! Aubameyang with his second goal of the game, to make it 3-0 and 4-3 on aggregate! Kolasinac with a perfect cross into the path of the striker, who just manages to stay onside and then slots the ball past Koubek and into the back of the net.,1
Clément GrenierRennes · Midfielder #8Rennes also make a change and it's an attacking substitution from the visitors, as Hunou comes on for Grenier.,0
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9The second substitution sees Lacazette replaced by Iwobi, perhaps a tactial change with the Frenchman on a yellow card already.,0
Mesut ÖzilArsenal · Midfielder #10Here is the first change of a double substitution, with Ozil coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mkhitaryan.,0
renier is booked for his part in the protests at the Lacazette decision.,2
oor challenge! It's a late and high tackle by Lacazette, he dives into it and catches Andre late. The referee shows no hesitation in showing him a yellow card.,2
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Mexer, after the defender clattered into the back of Maitland-Niles.,2
Asst: P. AubameyangGOOOAAALLL! Arsenal lead 2-0 and it's now 3-3 on aggregate, with Arsenal heading through on away goals if the result remains the same. Aubameyang and Ramsey play a quick one-two inside the Rennes penalty area, with the striker just managing to keep the ball in play and chipping it towards the far post, where Maitland-Niles rose highest and powered the ball into the back of the net.,1
Asst: A. RamseyGOOOAAALLL! Arsenal have a crucial early goal, Aubameyang makes it 3-2 on aggregate. Excellent quick football by the Gunners, they open up the Rennes defence, with Ramsey playing a low cross into the box and the striker just managed to get ahead of his marker at the near post and poke the ball past Koubek and into the back of the net.,1
Demarai GrayEverton · Midfielder #11There's a late change being made by Everton here and Gray is in no hurry to leave the field. He slowly walks off and is replaced by Dobbin.,0
Fernandes pounces on Doucoure's heavy touch and ends up being taken out by the Frenchman from behind. Doucoure is shown a yellow card.,2
Anthony GordonEverton · Midfielder #24First change for Everton now as Gordon makes way for Davies.,0
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Final change for United now as they look to regain their lead, with Pogba coming on in place of Fred.,0
Asst: A. DoucouréTOWNSEND EQUALISES! It's all down to Gray's work down the left as he brushes Fred aside twice as he breaks away on the counter. United don't get back quick enough and Doucoure slides it through to Townsend, who has so much space through the middle. He has time to take a touch before slotting it past De Gea. 1-1! ,1
Edinson CavaniMan United · Striker #21Cavani is the other player making way, as Ronaldo comes on to make his 200th Premier League appearance.,0
Anthony MartialMan United · Midfielder #9There's a double change for United here and it looks like Martial was just limping in the last few minutes. He goes off, with Sancho on for him.,0
sst: B. FernandesMARTIAL SCORES! It was great build-up play from United, with Greenwood fizzing a wonderful pass into Fernandes. He, unselfishly, plays it out to Martial, who cuts inside from the left, and he hits it first time. He fires it into the top corner and a deflection helps it beat Pickford. 1-0 United! ,1
Greenwood tracks back to try and stop Gordon's run and ends up clipping the back of his heels. The free-kick is awarded, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
For trying to run the clock down in the final moments, Onana joins a growing list of names in the referee's notebook - he's shown yellow.,2
Kessie cleverly earns a free-kick by slipping away from Bastoni, and the Inter defender is booked for pulling the Ivorian back.,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Perhaps scorer of today's match-winning goal, Calhanoglu's number is up: Asllani comes on in central midfield.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Ex-Milan midfielder Kessie receives a frosty 'welcome' from the Inter fans, as he replaces Gavi for the final few minutes.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Gosens bolsters Inter's left wing, and Darmian is withdrawn.,0
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Inzaghi also changes things at the back: Acerbi replaces De Vrij.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Inter opt for fresh legs on the flanks, as Dimarco makes way for Dumfries.,0
After a frankly pointless confrontation with Gavi inside the Inter area, Martinez is booked.,2
Gavi loses his cool as Barcelona perceive Inter to be time-wasting, and his angry response earns him a booking.,2
An ugly late tackle on Busquets sees Calhanoglu's name taken by the referee, and he is shown a yellow card.,2
Marcos AlonsoBarcelona · Defender #17Xavi again puts his trust in youth, as a change on the left sees Alonso making way for Balde.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22After a disappointing display, Raphinha is replaced by Fati in Barcelona's front three.,0
eaten for pace, Busquets is booked for a late challenge on Martinez, who threatened to escape from him towards the Barcelona box.,2
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Christensen is still struggling with an apparent ankle problem, and as he limps heavily towards the touchline, Pique is called upon to replace him.,0
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #11Denied a goal by a close offside call in the first half, Correa is the first player withdrawn from the action today, as Dzeko comes on.,0
Asst: F. DimarcoINTER LEAD! The Nerazzurri are ahead in this crucial Group C clash! With characteristic accuracy, Calhanoglu picks out the bottom corner with a clinical strike from 25 yards, after receiving the ball from Dimarco. Ter Stegen had no chance: it's Inter 1-0 Barca!,1
For vehemently complaining to the referee about the penalty decision, Barella is the first player booked today.,2
Theo VallsNîmes · Midfielder #18Sainte-Luce replaces Valls in Nimes' third substitution of the match.,0
Gaëtan PaquiezNîmes · Midfielder #15Nimes' second change sees Paquiez withdrawn to be replaced by Valdivia.,0
Thiago SilvaPSG · Defender #2PSG's third switch sees Silva leave the pitch, with Paredes called upon to replace the hosts' captain.,0
Thilo KehrerPSG · Defender #4PSG's second subsitution sees Meunier replaces  Kehrer after the full-back limped off with an injury.,0
Romain PhilippoteauxNîmes · Midfielder #7Nimes' first change sees Philippoteaux replaced by summer signing Duljevic.,0
Asst: K. MbappeGOOOAL! It's an instant impact from Di Maria as he makes it 3-0! Verratti dispossesses Paquiez on the left wing and then plays it inside to Mbappe who assesses his options before slotting a measured pass into the feet of Di Maria, and the substitute takes a touch before burying his effort into the bottom right-hand corner.,1
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Striker #19The first subsitiution of the match sees Tuchel call time on Sarabia's league debut and replaces him with Di Maria.,0
Draxler receives PSG's second booking of the match after making an aggressive sliding challenge on Alakouch after the ball had gone.,2
sst: J. BernatGOOOAL! Mbappe makes it 2-0 to PSG! Bernat does well to get on the end of Marquinhos' long ball into the right-hand side of the box, and the defender takes a touch before cutting it back to find Mbappe who fires it into the roof of the net from about eight yards out. ,1
erratti receives the first booking of the match after his forceful tackle catches Bobichon's leg just outside the Nimes box.,2
enalty GoalGOOOAL! Cavani makes it 1-0 to the hosts! The Uruguayan makes no mistake from the spot as he buries it beyond Bernardoni in the far left-hand corner. The goalkeeper went the correct way, but Cavani's effort was far too powerful for him.,1
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2Perhaps a sign of Manchester United's desperation, Van de Beek makes a rare appearance, as Lindelof traipses off.,0
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Palace also make a further substitution. Attacking talisman Eze makes way for a defender, Richards.,0
Raphaël VaraneMan United · Defender #19Ten Hag makes an unorthodox double switch, taking off both central defenders: first, Varane is replaced by Maguire.,0
or a tussle with Ayew on the byline, Amrabat becomes the latest player booked by the referee.,2
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Striker #15Riedewald is sent on by Hodgson for the closing stages, as Schlupp is withdrawn.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford follows Mount to the touchline, taken off early after a disappointing performance. Eriksen comes on to replace him.,0
Mason MountMan United · Midfielder #7Having just been booked, Mount makes way for Martial, as Ten Hag makes a couple more changes.,0
 reckless lunge from the side on Andersen results in Mount collecting a merited yellow card.,2
Facundo PellistriMan United · Midfielder #28Having failed to make a major impact on his first Premier League start, Pellistri is withdrawn; fellow youngster Garnacho - who scored against Crystal Palace on Tuesday - replaces him.,0
n ill-timed challenge from behind on Rashford brings a booking for Crystal Palace skipper Ward.,2
After a free-kick decision does not go Crystal Palace's way, Hughes sees yellow for showing dissent towards the referee.,2
PALACE LEAD! Scoring a first-half goal for the first time this season, Crystal Palace go 1-0 up at Old Trafford! From Eze's free-kick, taken wide on the right, Andersen hooks a brilliant finish into the top-right corner! He hammers it past Onana from 10 yards and sends the away fans crazy!,1
After Ayew steals the ball from Amrabat in midfield, Casemiro lunges into a sliding challenge on the Palace forward and picks up an early booking. He must be careful for the rest of the game.,2
Karlan GrantWest Brom · Striker #29Having just scored the goal that will surely earn West Brom a third point of the season, Grant is replaced by Phillips.,0
GOOOOAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 1-1 WEST BROM! There's that chance the visitors were crying out for! Robinson's right-sided cross runs through to Grant, who takes a touch to bring the ball inside White and then rifles past Ryan. That is what you call an emphatic finish!,1
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Midfielder #11Potter needed to make a change of some sort and he has done so by bringing on Alzate for Trossard.,0
ebster is the second Brighton player to be cautioned, following a challenge on Grant.,2
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20Potter brings on Mac Allister - on the scoresheet at Selhurst Park last week - for March with 70 minutes on the clock.,0
Grady DianganaWest Brom · Midfielder #11Edwards is on for Diangana as Bilic makes a swift double change.,0
Jake LivermoreWest Brom · Midfielder #8West Brom captain Livermore, the scorer of the own goal, is replaced by Robinson.,0
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana is replaced by Gross in the first change of the contest.,0
amptey, who played a key part in that opening goal, is issued the first yellow card of the match for a strong challenge on Krovinovic.,2
Borja ValeroInter · Midfielder #20Having found themselves on level terms once again, Conte rolls the dice in bringing on Eriksen. Valero is the player to come off. ,0
sst: A. RrahmaniGOAL! It’s all square again! Following a throw-in from the right, Verre slides the ball in field towards Rrahmani. The defender skips beyond Vecino on the edge of the box before laying it off to his left for Veloso, who finds the bottom-left corner with a well-placed strike. 2-2. ,1
Marash KumbullaVerona · Defender #24The second substitution sees Kumbulla make way for Empereur. ,0
Darko LazovićVerona · Midfielder #88With the pressure mounting, Juric opts to make a double change. Lazovic, who scored the opening goal, is replaced by Verre. ,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9The visitors make their second change of the match with Lukaku coming off for Martinez. There are 13 minutes plus stoppage time left to play. ,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Conte opts to make his first alteration on the 70-minute mark with Brozovic making way for Vecino. It remains 2-1. ,0
Federico DimarcoVerona · Midfielder #23The Yellow and Blues are forced into making their second substitution of the game as Adjapong replaces the injured Dimarco. There are 24 minutes of normal time left to play. ,0
Young pulls back Veloso when the midfielder looked to launch a break for the home side and is shown a yellow card.,2
Mariusz StępińskiVerona · Striker #9Juric makes his first change of the match as Di Carmine enters the fray in place of Stepinksi.,0
GOAL! Inter are level! Young expertly picks out Valero with a smart throughball down the left side of the hosts’ penalty area before the ball is played to Lukaku in the middle of the box. On the turn, the Belgian strikes the post from close range, before Candreva arrives to turn the rebound into the bottom-left corner. Game on! 1-1. ,1
Valero also picks up a yellow card for the incident with Amrabat. ,2
After an altercation following a tackle on Valero by Amrabat, the Moroccan midfielder is booked by the referee.,2
Gunter is the latest player to go into the book after pulling Sanchez to the floor when the attacker looked to have skipped beyond him in launching a quick counter. He can have no complaints with that decision. ,2
Dimarco cynically brings down Sanchez on the edge of the host’s area following some positive link-up play with Lukaku. As a result, the wing-back picks up the first yellow card of the match. ,2
Asst: F. DimarcoGOAL! Verona take an early lead! The home side work the play neatly down the left-hand side of the field and Lazovic easily skips beyond Skriniar. After breaking into the box, the attacker keeps his cool and finds the bottom-left corner from an acute angle. 1-0. ,1
Daniel RoseTottenham · Defender #3Sanchez is on for Rose for the five minutes of added time. Spurs appear to be going with a five-man defence for the remainder of the match.,0
Benjamin MendyMan City · Defender #22Sane is on for Mendy with a little over five minutes of normal time left to play. Tottenham are heading through on away goals as things stand.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Striker #27Pochettino brings on a defender for an attacker, with Davies replacing Lucas. That will mean a change of formation.,0
Wanyama fouls De Bruyne and is shown a yellow card. Man City now have 13 minutes to find a goal.,2
Asst: K. TrippierGOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 4-3 TOTTENHAM! TOTTENHAM ARE HEADING THROUGH!!! You simply cannot take your eyes off this one! The corner is swung into the six-yard box and Llorente gets on the end of it. The ball appears to hit a mixture of his arm and hip so it goes to a VAR check.,1
David SilvaMan City · Midfielder #21Fernandinho is considered fit enough to play the final 30 minutes or so of the match. He takes over from David Silva in central midfield, allowing Gundogan to shuffle across.,0
Asst: K. De BruyneGOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 4-2 TOTTENHAM! De Bruyne works his magic by carrying the ball forward, skipping past Wanyama as though he isn't there, before playing in Aguero. The angle is not exactly on the Argentina striker's side, but he thumps it past Lloris at his near post. City now lead outright for the first time in the tie.,1
on pulls back on De Bruyne just outside the area and City now have a free-kick in a very dangerous position. A yellow card is shown to Son and that means he will miss the first leg of the semi-finals should Tottenham progress.,2
Moussa SissokoTottenham · Midfielder #17Pochettino has decided against bringing on young midfielder Skipp and instead turns to Llorente in place of the injured Sissoko, presumably meaning Son will drop a little deeper.,0
This is incredibly harsh on Sissoko, who is shown a yellow card for taking the long route off the pitch. It will not rule him out of the semi-finals should Tottenham progress.,2
sst: K. De BruyneGOOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 3-2 TOTTENHAM It is 3-3 on aggregate as Sterling bags his second goal of the tie! De Bruyne plays the ball across goal towards the back post and Sterling is waiting for one of his trademark finishes. What a game this has been. Truly incredible!,1
Asst: S. AgüeroGOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 2-2 TOTTENHAM! THIS IS INCREDIBLE!! Eleven minutes played of the second leg and it is 2-2! Bernardo Silva's shot takes a deflection off Rose and lands in the bottom corner of the net. It is 3-2 to Tottenham on aggregate, in case you had lost track.,1
sst: C. EriksenGOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 1-2 TOTTENHAM! What a huge, huge goal this could be for Tottenham! The visitors open up a two-goal lead on aggregate as Son curls the ball past Ederson from 17 yards. It is a brilliant move from Tottenham, with Eriksen knocking the ball across to Son, who finds the top corner of the net.,1
OOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 1-1 TOTTENHAM! TOTTENHAM SCORE AN AWAY GOAL! What a response from the visitors. Less than three minutes after falling behind, Son gets on the end of a loose ball eight yards from goal and fires it past Ederson. The Man City keeper really should be keeping it out, though, allowing it to squirm under his body.,1
sst: K. De BruyneGOOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 1-0 TOTTENHAM! This is now the big man for the big occasions! Sterling's incredible season continues as he is allowed to cut inside on his right foot by Trippier and he curls the ball out of Lloris' reach. That is a superb strike from Sterling and the perfect start for his side.,1
For protesting to the referee, Krunic is the latest man booked amid a frantic finish to this game.,2
IROUD SENT OFF!!! Continuing his tirade against the referee sees Giroud receive another yellow card, and Milan's top scorer is sensationally dismissed! The Rossoneri are unravelling here, and they go down to 10 men!,3
aving reacted with unbridled fury as a handball decision goes against him, Giroud is booked by the busy referee.,2
Gonzalez joins the growing list of players yellow-carded today, as he clearly hauls back Krunic by his hips deep in Milan territory.,2
Dorgu is tormenting a floundering Milan defence now, and Florenzi's foul on the Lecce full-back results in a booking.,2
Lameck BandaLecce · Striker #22Lecce make their fifth and final substitution: Banda's shift is over and a right-back, Venuti, is sent on to replace the Zambian winger.,0
Piccoli now receives a yellow card, and the referee is reaching for his pocket much more freely now.,2
aving been substituted earlier on due to injury, Milan skipper Calabria is booked on the bench, after showing dissent towards the referee.,2
For blatantly hauling Dorgu to the ground by his shirt, Musah receives a merited yellow card. Milan's frustration is growing.,2
Samuel ChukwuezeMilan · Midfielder #21After a disappointing performance in the absence of Pulisic, Chukwueze is withdrawn; Jovic trots on to join Giroud up front.,0
Tommaso PobegaMilan · Midfielder #32Pioli is forced into action by his team's sudden collapse: Florenzi is sent on for Pobega.,0
Asst: N. SansoneLECCE LEVEL IT!! Now, it's 2-2 at Via del Mare! From the right, Piccoli rolls the ball across for Sansone, whose cute first-time layoff finds Banda on the edge of the box. The winger takes a touch to line up his shot, then coolly finds the bottom-left corner! Milan have blown a two-goal lead in a matter of minutes!!,1
Asst: A. BlinLECCE PULL ONE BACK! The Salentini now trail 2-1! Shortly after leaving the bench, substitute Sansone prods in Blin's nod-down from two yards out! Banda's corner-kick caught Milan off guard, and now the visitors only lead by one!,1
Gabriel StrefezzaLecce · Striker #27Finally, Strefezza is replaced by Sansone in Lecce's front three.,0
Nikola KrstovićLecce · Striker #9Atalanta loanee Piccoli is also introduced, as the ineffective Kristovic makes way.,0
Mohamed KabaLecce · Midfielder #77Shaking up his side with a triple substitution, D'Aversa first sends on Blin for Kaba.,0
Lecce captain Strefezza has his name taken by the referee, after he deliberately clips Hernandez, who is set to launch a Milan counter-attack.,2
Hamza RafiaLecce · Midfielder #8D'Aversa makes his first change, as Gonzalez replaces Rafia in Lecce's midfield.,0
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Milan have made their second change of the game during half-time, as captain Calabria makes way for Musah.,0
Ramadani fells Okafor just outside the Lecce area, and a yellow card means the midfielder will now be suspended for the Giallorossi's next game.,2
Having bundled over Kaba in midfield after being caught out of position, Hernandez becomes the first player to be booked today.,2
Asst: S. Chukwueze2-0 MILAN!! After Chukwueze releases Reijnders in central midfield, the Netherlands international strides forward almost unopposed. He finally reaches the edge of Lecce's area, and with Pongracic still backing off, he places a neat finish beneath Falcone! Milan go two up down in Puglia!,1
sst: T. HernándezMILAN LEAD! Giroud marks his century of Milan appearances with a trademark poacher's goal! Meeting a Hernandez cross from the left flank, the French forward bundles the ball past Falcone from close range with his chest! It's 1-0 to the Rossoneri, who have barely been out of first gear so far today!,1
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #10Taking a cautious approach, Milan withdraw one of their main men; a muscular problem for Leao sees Okafor sent on as a substitute.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Dimarco enters the action for the dying minutes to replace Bastoni at the back.,0
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Ranocchia comes on for the closing stages for De Vrij, who must be carrying a knock.,0
Arturo VidalInter · Midfielder #22Gagliardini replaces Vidal in the Inter midfield for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries makes way for Darmian at right wing-back for the home side.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Thiago has been industrious this evening and now makes way for Milner in the Liverpool midfield.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!! SALAH MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The visitors double their lead courtesy of a precise strike from Salah. Once again a cross proves to be Inter's downfall as Van Dijk nods Alexander-Arnold's delivery towards the penalty spot. Konate wisely leaves the loose ball for Salah to strike and the forward makes no mistake, placing his effort away from Handanovic into the bottom-right corner with the aid of a deflection.,1
sst: A. RobertsonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FIRMINO PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! The Brazilian rises at the near post to glance Robertson's cross away from Handanovic into the net. Robertson puts his delivery on the money from a corner on the right flank. Firmino attacks the cross at the near post, rising above his man before glancing his effort away from the Inter keeper into the bottom-left corner. Precision from the Liverpool forward.,1
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Sanchez replaces Martinez in the final third for the home side.,0
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Henderson replaces Fabinho in the middle of the park and immediately takes the armband from Van Dijk.,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Mane is withdrawn by Klopp as Diaz enters the field to replace the forward in the final third.,0
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #67Elliott created history for the Reds by becoming their youngest Champions League starter tonight. He is now withdrawn for Keita.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Jota is withdrawn at the break for the visitors and is replaced by Firmino.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! 5-2 LEICESTER!!!!! TIELEMANS HOLDS HIS COMPOSURE!!! The Belgian holds his nerve from 12 yards to dispatch his strike past Ederson. He sends the keeper the wrong way, firing low and hard into the bottom-right corner.,1
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9Iheanacho replaces the hat-trick hero Vardy for the visitors after an excellent shift.,0
sst: R. MahrezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AKE GETS ONE BACK FOR THE HOSTS!!!! 4-2!! Ake notches his first City goal as he rises to head home from a Mahrez corner. The Algerian puts his cross on the money and Ake rises to guide his attempt beyond the reach of Schmeichel into the bottom-right corner. It's probably too late for City now though.,1
Jonny EvansLeicester City · Defender #6Evans limps off for the visitors and is replaced by Fuchs.,0
Asst: N. MendyWHAT A GOAL!!!!! MADDISON SURELY WINS THE GAME FOR LEICESTER WITH A SUPER EFFORT!!!! 4-1!!! Leicester score their fourth of the afternoon and Maddison surely secures the three points at the Etihad Stadium curling a wonder strike past Ederson.Mendy  wins possession from Walker and feeds Maddison on the left flank and he runs at the City backline. He is afforded space and time and curls a peach of an effort over Ederson's outstretched hand into the top-right corner.,1
Dennis PraetLeicester City · Midfielder #26Maddison replaces the ailing Praet in the Leicester midfield.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Torres replaces Foden on the left flank for the home side.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! VARDY HAS A HAT-TRICK!!!! 3-1!!! Vardy and Leiceter enjoy a dream five minutes as he notches his second goal of the half and third in the contest. With his first spot-kick Vardy went to his left, but on this occasion he goes to his right. It's the same result as the forward rifles his effort home to put Leicester in complete command.,1
sst: T. CastagneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VARDY PUTS LEICESTER AHEAD!!!! 2-1!!!! The Foxes take the lead against the run of play as Vardy converts with a neat flick at the near post. Castagne makes a great run forward from the back to collect Tielemans' throughball. He cuts the ball back to the forward, who beats Ederson with a clever flick that travels through the City keeper and into the back of the net.,1
FernandinhoMan City · Midfielder #25Delap enters the action for his Premier League debut after making his bow in the EFL Cup during the week. He replaces Fernandinho for the home side.,0
Amartey drags down De Bruyne on a surge upfield and is booked by the referee.,2
oyuncu catches Rodri late on the ankle and goes into the book.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VARDY CONVERTS!!!! 1-1!!! Leicester are back in the game as Vardy slams home his his effort from 12 yards. Ederson goes the right way diving to his left, but the striker aims his effort high into the top corner away from the Brazilian. ,1
ielemans is caught out of position following the corner and has to pull back De Bruyne on the charge. He is booked for his foul.,2
WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MAHREZ SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 CITY!!!! Mahrez blasts a peach into the top-left corner against his former club. De Bruyne's corner in cleared to the right inside channel where Mahrez lies in wait. He takes his time to run up before smashing his right-footed effort crisply into the net giving Schmeichel no chance. A special goal from the Algerian.,1
AVID EQUALISES! It has been coming from Lille, and they've found the breakthrough! Zaire-Emery stops the ball from rolling out of play, only to give it away to Cabella with his clearance. The substitutes combine as he squares it to Ounas on the edge of the box, and Tenas gets enough on his shot to turn it away, but it loops up for David, who nods it in from close range. 1-1!,1
Benjamin AndréLOSC · Midfielder #21Final roll of the dice for Lille now as Ounas is brought on in place of Andre for the five minutes of stoppage time.,0
Yusuf YazıcıLOSC · Striker #12Lille are also making a swap as David is brought on in place of Yazici.,0
Ousmane DembéléPSG · Midfielder #10Dembele has caused Ismaily a lot of problems in this game, but he's now making way in PSG's final change. Asensio comes on for the last 10 minutes or so.,0
Danilo PereiraPSG · Defender #15PSG are making their third change now, and it's a straight swap in the centre of defence. Pereira is taken off, with Skriniar on in his place.,0
Bafodé DiakitéLOSC · Defender #18And Diakite, who is on a booking after giving away the penalty, goes off for Santos.,0
Gabriel GudmundssonLOSC · Midfielder #5Lille are making their first change of the game, and this is also a double swap. Gudmundsson has struggled to get into the game, so he's replaced by Cabella, who is looking to end his 10-match goal drought.,0
Bradley BarcolaPSG · Midfielder #29PSG are making a double change following that penalty. Barcola is the first to go off, with Kolo Muani on in his place.,0
Manuel UgartePSG · Midfielder #4And Ugarte, who was booked in the first half, is also taken off, with Hakimi coming on for him.,0
enalty GoalMBAPPE SCORES! He takes a slow run-up to the spot, stuttering his steps to try and put Chevalier off. He strikes it well, getting a lot of power behind it as he lifts it out of the keeper's reach, despite diving the right way. 1-0 PSG!,1
Diakite was a little slower to get up, knowing that the referee is waiting to show him a yellow card for the challenge that led to the penalty.,2
omes knocked the ball through Ugarte's legs and the midfielder rushes over to stop his run a second time. He clips him to bring him down and picks up the first booking of the game.,2
here is a bundle of players that are now happy with Nacho's challenge on Portu. Stuani is shown a yellow card for his part in the action.,2
ED CARD! Nacho is sent off for a high tackle on Portu after a VAR check. He was in the air when diving across to try and get the ball off Portu, connecting with the foot of the substitute.,3
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde is also coming off and is replaced in the midfield by Diaz.,0
JoseluReal Madrid · Striker #14Joselu is given a warm reception from the away fans after getting a goal and an assist in this game. He is replaced by Vazquez.,0
Yangel HerreraGirona · Midfielder #21Herrera had a chance to score the opener in the opening few minutes which could have changed the course of the game. He is now on his way off, with Solis taking his place.,0
Kepa is shown a yellow card for taking a long time to take a goal-kick.,2
SávioGirona · Midfielder #16Girona make their fourth change of the game. Savio showed his quality in spells but is now coming off. Torre is on for the final 11 minutes.,0
Jude BellinghamReal Madrid · Midfielder #5Bellingham comes off soon after scoring Madrid's third goal. Ceballos is on.,0
sst: JoseluGOALLL! BELLINGHAM SCORES! 3-0 MADRID! Madrid break forward in the counter through Bellingham, who pokes the ball across to Tchouameni. He then finds Joselu, who has his shot saved. However, he is the quickest to the rebound and finds Bellingham with a hooked pass, with the midfielder powering his effort past Gazzaniga.,1
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #7Madrid make a straight swap in the attack, with Rodrygo coming on for Vinicius.,0
Garcia is shown a yellow card for a late tackle on Camavinga.,2
David LópezGirona · Midfielder #5Lopez makes his way off the pitch after an energetic performance in the midfield. Portu is on.,0
Artem DovbykGirona · Striker #9Dovbyk makes his way off after a quiet performance in the attack. Stuani takes his place up front.,0
Viktor TsyhankovGirona · Midfielder #8Girona make a change before the restart. Tsygankov is replaced by Fernandez.,0
Asst: T. KroosGOALLL! TCHOUAMENI SCORES! 2-0 MADRID! What a header from Tchouameni. The France International does well to get away from Blind in the box to get on the end of Kroos' corner before powering a header into the top corner beyond Gazzaniga.,1
Asst: J. BellinghamGOALLL! JOSELU SCORES! 1-0 MADRID! Madrid score with their first shot of the match. Bellingham has possession on the left and curls a cross into the heart of the box with the outside of his boot. Joselu is onside and fires his shot straight at Gazzaniga, but he is unable to push his effort away, with the ball going into the net.,1
Moussa SissokoTottenham · Midfielder #17Sissoko is replaced by the youngster Skipp.,0
ouyaté is beaten for pace by Sissoko as he slides in late to pick up a yellow card. ,2
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18McArthur is off for Riedewald. He's played well today. ,0
lderweireld bundles down Ayew on the halfway line and picks up a yellow. ,2
Asst: J. AyewGoal! It's 1-1! Palace go long with the corner and the ball is knocked back in. It's a little scrappy but Schlupp finds himself in space and hammers a sweet finish into the roof of the net. ,1
This time Lucas manages to spin Mitchell who gives him a little tug and it's a yellow card. ,2
It's a straightforward yellow for McCarthy who hauls his man down after losing the ball cheaply. ,2
Asst: G. Lo CelsoGoal! 1-0 Tottenham! It's a typical Harry Kane finish as he takes one touch inside past the defender before arrowing it into the bottom corner. ,1
Asst: F. MaouassaGOAL! Rennes pull one back! Maouassa whips a dangerous cross into the centre of the box from the left flank and, after getting across the Celtic defenders, Hunou nods the delivery beyond Forster and into the back of the net. 3-1.,1
aylor picks up a rather needless yellow card for time wasting down the left flank prior to a Rennes throw-in.,2
Flavien TaitRennes · Midfielder #20Gboho enters the fray in place of Tait as Stephan makes his final change with 10 minutes remaining.,0
Ryan ChristieCeltic · Midfielder #17The hosts make their final substitution of the match as Christie comes off for Griffiths.,0
Bourigeaud goes into the book after a poor challenge on Taylor in the centre of the park. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2
Scott BrownCeltic · Midfielder #8Lennon also decides to make another change following that third goal as Brown, the captain, comes off the field in place of Bitton. There are just under 15 minutes of normal time left to play.,0
Romain Del CastilloRennes · Midfielder #22The away side respond to going three goals behind by making a second alteration. Del Castillo is replaced by Hunou.,0
Asst: O. NtchamGOAL! Johnston adds another for Celtic! The substitute played a clever little one-two with Ntcham on the edge of the area before skipping beyond Maouassa and firing a right-footed shot into the bottom left corner. 3-0.,1
James ForrestCeltic · Midfielder #49The hosts opt to make their first change of the match with Johnston coming onto the field in place of Forrest.,0
Rafik GuitaneRennes · Striker #10The away side make their first change for the match as Guitane makes way for Da Cunha. It remains 2-0.,0
yamsi picks up a yellow card for dragging Morgan to the floor after the makeshift Celtic forward skipped beyond him during a quick counter.,2
rown clatters Lea Siliki with a late challenge and the Celtic captain can have no complaints after picking up a yellow card for that tackle. He will now miss the hosts’ final group match.,2
Asst: S. BrownGOAL! What a strike! Christie makes it two on the stroke of half-time! Rennes fail to clear their lines allowing Brown to nod the ball into the path of Christie. The midfielder cuts inside before firing a left-footed shot into the bottom right corner from the edge of the box. 2-0.,1
Christie is the latest player to go into the book after clipping Lea Siliki’s ankle with a slightly late challenge on the edge of the Rennes box.,2
Asst: J. ForrestGOAL! Celtic take the lead! Taylor lays the ball down the left wing for Forrest who sends a low pass back across goal. Morgan peeled away form Nyamsi before firing the delivery beyond Mendy and into the bottom left corner from the centre of the box. 1-0.,1
iebatcheu is the first player to receive a yellow card after cynically pulling back Ntcham as the midfielder looked to drive at the Rennes’ defense.,2
sst: A. PavlovićHAT-TRICK! It's a poor pass out from the back by Sule, who was under absolutely no pressure, as he gifts it straight to Pavlovic. As the defender tries to make up for his error, the substitute slides it into Kane, who has a free run into the box, and he coolly slots in his third of the game to get the match ball. 4-0 Bayern!,1
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10And Sane is also taken off, with Muller replacing him.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Bayern are making a late double change here. Musiala is the first to go off, with Choupo-Moting on for him.,0
Adeyemi makes a surging run down the right and cuts inside to get a sight of goal. Laimer takes one for the team, clipping the substitute from behind and bringing down Kim in the process. He goes into the book.,2
Niclas FüllkrugDortmund · Striker #14Dortmund's final roll of the dice sees Fullkrug, who didn't manage a single shot, go off for Haller.,0
Dortmund's frustration is showing here as Sabitzer pushes Musiala over to prevent another counter. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Davies is trying to shield the ball out of play when he gets a knee to the bottom of his back from Ryerson. The right-back goes into the book.,2
sst: K. ComanKANE SCORES AGAIN! And this one will count! Coman is afforded a lot of space down the right once more, and he curls a lovely low cross into Kane's feet in the middle of the box. He has time to get it out of his feet before neatly slotting it into the far bottom corner. 3-0 Bayern!,1
Julian BrandtDortmund · Midfielder #19Another change for Dortmund as they look to keep the momentum in their favour. Brandt makes way, with Moukoko on in his place.,0
Hummels flies into a challenge on Kane, who was also sliding to reach the ball. The defender catches him with studs to the shin though, and gets a booking for it.,2
Dayot UpamecanoBayern · Defender #2The first goalscorer, Upamecano, who was a doubt coming into this game, is taken off here. Pavlovic is on for him.,0
Donyell MalenDortmund · Midfielder #21And Adeyemi is on in place of Malen.,0
Salih ÖzcanDortmund · Midfielder #6Dortmund are making two more changes as they try to capitalise on their momentum. Ozcan goes off for Nmecha.,0
Marius WolfDortmund · Defender #17Dortmund are making a change at the start of the second half. It's Wolf that goes off, with Sule replacing him.,0
Sane loses control of the ball when he gets a nudge, and then drags Reus back with a hand around his neck. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
sst: L. SanéKANE SCORES! Another Dortmund attack just fizzles out and Sane sets Goretzka on the counter after a clever flick. The midfielder drives forward before returning it to Sane, and he gets his head up before squaring it to Kane, who is left with a simple tap-in at the far post. 2-0 Bayern!,1
sst: L. SanéUPAMECANO SCORES! What a start for Bayern! Musiala wins a corner after some great work, and it's a stunning delivery from Sane. He whips it into the middle of the six-yard box and Upamecano has a free header as he thumps it past Kobel to give the visitors a dream start. 1-0 Bayern!,1
Asst: F. KostićGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! No denying that one!!! After a goalscoring chance for Inter is cut out and scythed away, Juventus fly forward on the counter again, and Di Maria frees up Kostic. He beats Bellanova before squaring to Fagioli on the other side of the box, and the 21-year-old's finish deflects off Gosens on its way into the top corner! There'll be no VAR intervention this time, and Juve finally have their 2-0 lead!,1
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries also comes off, and on-loan midfielder Raoul Bellanova replaces him.,0
Milan ŠkriniarInter · Defender #37Skriniar also comes off, with the booked central defender replaced by an attacking wide one, in the form of Matteo Darmian.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Inzaghi rings further changes for Inter, the latest of which sees Mkhitaryan withdrawn for Marcelo Brozovic.,0
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Miretti comes off in Juve's latest change, with Angel di Maria replacing the youngster for the Old Lady.,0
rom that ball smashing back off the post, Inter pick it up and Correa looks to counter. He's pulled back by Danilo though, and the Juve captain collects a textbook yellow from the referee.,2
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Inter also make changes, as Dimarco comes off for Robin Gosens to slot in at left-wing-back.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu also comes off, and the more attack-minded Joaquin Correa enters the fray for the Nerazzurri.,0
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Juventus make their first change of the match, as Milik comes off for Federico Chiesa to make his long-awaited return to Serie A, after being plagued with injury problems for the best part of a year.,0
Skriniar flies in on Sandro as a loose ball falls to the Brazilian's feet, and it's a really nasty challenge that leaves Sandro in a heap, and Inter's Slovakian defender is shown a deserved yellow card.,2
Barella is beaten again as Juve look to counter again. It's passed inside to Miretti, but he's pulled away from the ball and to ground by Calhanoglu, who is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: F. KostićGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Juventus take the lead!!! From the corner, they counter at breakneck speed as Kostic turns away from Barella. He races into the box and cuts the ball back, with Rabiot arriving late to slot it beyond Onana and into the back of the net! They've hardly threatened all game, but one fast break and they go 1-0 up early in the second half!,1
Asst: B. SakaANOTHER FOR ARSENAL! 3-0! The away side are rampant now and Saka's at the heart of it again! This time he dispossesses Kamada 30 yards from goal, before slipping Aubameyang clean through on goal and he makes no mistake on this occasion, rolling it beyond a helpless Trapp.  ,1
Asst: N. PépéGOAL FOR ARSENAL! That makes it 2-0 and that should be the win secured now for the London club. Arsenal initiate another counter-attack with Pepe finding Saka in space on the edge of the box. The Arsenal attacker rolls the ball out of his feet, before slamming a curling effort into the bottom corner from 25 yards!  ,1
Chambers is now shown a yellow card for hauling down the dangerous Kostic 30 yards out.,2
Kamada's booked for a dangerous studs-up challenge on Ceballos - Frankfurt look like their frustration's getting the better of them. ,2
Sead KolašinacArsenal · Defender #31Kolasinac makes way for Maitland-Niles as Arsenal, perhaps, seek to avoid a red card of their own.  ,0
Red card for Kohr! Frankfurt's problems have just mounted considerably! Saka makes up for his earlier miss by drawing a cynical trip from Kohr, who's given a second yellow card for stopping the breakaway. The hosts are furious with the decision, but they can have little complaint there.   ,3
Kolasinac dwells on a throw-in and the referee strictly books him for timewasting. ,2
Danny da CostaEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #24Da Costa is replaced by Chandler on the right flank with Eintracht looking for an injection of creativity to get back on level terms.     ,0
Joe WillockArsenal · Midfielder #28Willock is replaced by Ceballos as Arsenal search for a little more energy in midfield entering the final 20 minutes.,0
Bas DostEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #9Dost - who's been guilty of wasting a few openings so far - is replaced by Saturday's goalscorer, Paciencia. ,0
Kostic turns Willock on the edge of the box and wins a dangerous free-kick that also earns the Arsenal man a yellow card.,2
Kohr is booked for cynically dragging Pepe down as Arsenal attempt to get another counter-attack started.  ,2
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Midfielder #32Smith Rowe is replaced by Pepe as Arsenal seemingly look to double their advantage.,0
Asst: B. SakaGOAL FOR ARSENAL! 1-0! Saka kickstarts an Arsenal counter-attack by jinking past Kohr, before sliding Willock in behind the Frankfurt defence. The Arsenal attacker cuts inside before hitting a curling effort that takes a wicked deflection and loops over Trapp, off the underside of the bar, and in! ,1
Hinteregger is booked for cynically tugging Smith Rowe's shirt just inside the Arsenal half.,2
Correa is the latest player to go into the referee's book for dissent.,2
Valjent was booked for time-wasting after Grenier's yellow card, and he's also going to be missing the game against Getafe in December.,2
renier slides in with a late challenge on Reguilon, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Giovanni GonzálezMallorca · Defender #20Final change for Mallorca now, and it's Gonzalez that's going off for Russo.,0
Vedat MuriqiMallorca · Striker #7Muriqi is taking his time to leave the pitch, and he goes off to a standing ovation as the goal scorer. Prats replaces him for the last few minutes.,0
Antonio SánchezMallorca · Midfielder #10And Sanchez is also going off, with Grenier replacing him.,0
onzalez sells Battaglia short with a pass, and Ruiz de Galarreta fouls Correa in an attempt to make up for the error. He's booked, which means he'll miss their LaLiga game after the World Cup through suspension.,2
Reinildo MandavaAtlético Madrid · Defender #23Atletico are making their final two changes now. Reinildo is the first to go off, with Reguilon coming on to make his first appearance for the club.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5And De Paul is also making way, with Koke replacing him.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Atletico are making their second change of the game here. Carrasco is taken off, with Lemar replacing him.,0
Iddrisu BabaMallorca · Midfielder #12There is a change for Mallorca at the break, and it's an expected one. Baba isn't coming back out for the second half after picking up an injury before half-time, so Battaglia replaces him.,0
Lee is on the spin, looking to bring down Sanchez's cross, and he doesn't realise Felipe is behind him. He kicks the defender instead, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
ee's first touch is heavy, and De Paul sees a chance to win it. He kicks the winger in the process though, and he's protesting his innocence, but he's still shown a yellow card.,2
Nahuel MolinaAtlético Madrid · Defender #16Simeone has already seen enough, and he's making an attacking change to try and get his team back into this game. Molina, who is on a booking, goes off for Correa.,0
Morata holds his ground as Baba gets tight to his back, but goes down after getting an accidental kick to the calf. There wasn't much in that, but Baba is shown a yellow card.,2
sst: J. CostaMURIQI SCORES! Sanchez is a long way out when he decides to have a shot from range, but his low effort is on target and Oblak bundles it away. Raillo touches it to Costa before he's brought down by Molina, and he scuffs a cross into Muriqi, who is left with a simple tap-in from the edge of the six-yard box. 1-0 Mallorca!,1
Lee has acres of space to run into, and Molina sprints back to try and stop his run. He wrestles the winger to the floor from behind, making no attempt to play the ball, and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Rafael LeãoMilan · Striker #17Leao is replaced by Rebic for the closing stages of the contest. Milan need a goal from somewhere.,0
D'Ambrosio wipes out Hernandez on the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Barella is withdrawn for Candreva for the Nerazzurri.,0
sst: N. BarellaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUKAKU HEADS HOME!!!! 2-0!! Inter notch their second to take control of the game. The Belgian displays great movement in the middle to get in front of Romagnoli. He meets Barella's cross from the left flank, flicking his header beyond Donnarumma into the top right corner. A fine finish.,1
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez is replaced by Politano for the Nerazzurri.,0
Ricardo RodriguezMilan · Defender #68Rodriguez makes way for the home side for Hernandez down the left flank.,0
Stefano SensiInter · Midfielder #12Sensi is withdrawn for Vecino in the Inter midfield.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluMilan · Midfielder #10Paqueta comes on to the pitch to replace Calhanoglu for the Rossoneri.,0
Asst: S. SensiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BROZOVIC SCORES!!!! INTER 1-0!!! The Nerazzurri do take the lead as Brozovic's deflected strike finds the right bottom corner. Milan switch off at the set-piece allowing Sensi to roll an offload to the midfielder. He lines up a low strike that diverts off Kessie to find roll into the net, wrong-footing Donnarumma. The referee checks for an offside decision against Martinez blocking the view of the Milan keeper, but after a look he awards the goal.,1
Conti brings down Sensi on the charge on the left flank and he goes into the book. Inter have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66Late change here for Liverpool and Alexander-Arnold goes off to a standing ovation from the home supporters as Phillips replaces him.,0
Matip gets a toe to the ball but he takes out Cunha, who is running through into the box. Matip is shown a yellow card for it, and he clearly isn't happy that the foul's gone against him.,2
Salah lifted in a cross from the right and Jota tried to go for goal with a high volley. He catches Trippier in the face and is shown a yellow card for the high boot.,2
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Midfielder #15Oxlade-Chamberlain went down holding his knee a little earlier, so he's taken off and replaced by Minamino.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Liverpool are finally able to make the change. Firmino is already off so Origi comes on for him.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Final change for Atletico now as Serrano comes on for Correa.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21And Carrasco is also going off, with Vrsaljko replacing him.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Atletico are making another double change here. Koke is the first to go off, with Cunha on for him.,0
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Second change for Liverpool now. Fabinho, who's just coming back from injury is taken off, with Thiago, who is returning from his own spell on the sidelines, coming on for him.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #7And Joao Felix is also being taken off, with Lodi on in his place.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Double change for Atletico now and that disallowed goal was Suarez's last involvement as he's replaced by Herrera. ,0
oao Felix slid in on Fabinho to try and intercept the pass into Salah in the build-up to that chance. When the move comes to an end, the referee goes back and books him for the challenge.,2
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10There's a change for Liverpool at the break. Mane, who is on a yellow card, is taken off, with Firmino on in his place. ,0
he yellow card is out again and this time, it's for Koke. He was caught by Mane, who is on a booking, so he rolled around after the challenge. The referee senses what he's trying to do though and books him for it.,2
he Atletico players swarmed around the referee to protest the red card decisions, but he's not having any of it. Suarez's is at the front of it and he's booked for dissent.,2
ATLETICO DOWN TO 10! Things are going from bad to worse here for Atletico. Mane was getting away and Felipe kicked the back of the forward. He had the yellow card out and asked the defender to come over to him. Felipe ignored his three calls, so he pulls out a straight red card and gives him his marching orders. ,3
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldMANE SCORES! It's brilliant from Liverpool! Mane starts the move, doing brilliantly to hold off De Paul before picking out Henderson. He touches it to Alexander-Arnold and his throughball is perfectly weighted. Mane times his run perfectly and taps it past Oblak. 2-0 Liverpool! ,1
Koke just tripped Mane to stop the run, but the forward isn't happy with the challenge. He makes his feelings clear and is booked for dissent. ,2
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldJOTA SCORES! It's all about the delivery from Alexander-Arnold from the right when it's pulled back to him. He whips an inch-perfect cross into the far post and Jota is unmarked as he runs onto it. He glances it on from very close range and Oblak stands no chance. 1-0 Liverpool! ,1
Salah brings it down with a lovely first touch and Hermoso rushes across to him. He steps across the Egyptian to cut off the run and is shown the first booking of the game.,2
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Pedri makes way for Braithwaite for the closing stages of the game.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!! 2-0 BARCELONA!!! The Argentine holds his composure from 12 yards as he slots his effort high into the top-left corner, giving Szczesny no chance. It caps a fine performance from the Catalan club.,1
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #7Junior Firpo comes on to the field to shore up the Barca defence for the closing stages, replacing Griezmann.,0
OFF! Demiral lunges in on Pjanic and does not win the ball. He catches the midfielder late and receives his second booking before the red card is brandished by the referee.,3
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Bernardeschi replaces Rabiot for the closing stages of the game.,0
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Arthur comes on against his former club to replace Bentancur in the Juve midfield.,0
Rabiot is left in a one-on-one situation with Messi and has to bring down the Argentine. The Frenchman is booked by the referee.,2
Dejan KulusevskiJuventus · Midfielder #44McKennie replaces Kulusevski in the Juve midfield for the final 15 minutes.,0
Cuadrado tries a trick to beat Alba, but he goes down under no pressure in the box. The referee books the Juve man for simulation.,2
Demiral gets beaten by Messi and has to bring down the Argentine with a lunge from behind. He rightfully goes into the book.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Midfielder #11The goalscorer Dembele is withdrawn for Fati in the final third.,0
Sergi Roberto slides in hard on Chiesa down the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Ronald AraújoBarcelona · Defender #4Barca are forced into a change at the break as Araujo makes way for Busquets, who has to slot into the backline.,0
Kulusevski catches Alba on his follow through after a challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: L. MessiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DEMBELE'S DEFLECTED STRIKE FINDS THE NET!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! The Frenchman puts Barca ahead with the aid of a wicked deflection. Dembele runs at the Juve defence down the right flank before he cuts inside. He fakes a shot on his left foot and goes with his right. His effort takes a massive deflection off Chiesa and drifts away from Szczesny into the top-left corner.,1
GOOOAAALLL!!! ELLIOTT SCORES! Osho intercepts Robertson's pass, only to give it away to Danns. He slides it into the box for Gakpo, but Mengi takes it off his toe. Elliott races onto the loose ball and whips a shot past Kaminski and into the back of the net. 4-1 Liverpool!,1
Kabore catches McConnell with a late tackle and becomes the fourth player to go into the referee's book.,2
Alexis Mac AllisterLiverpool · Midfielder #10And Mac Allister, who set up the first two goals, goes off for McConnell.,0
Luis DíazLiverpool · Striker #7The home crowd are on their feet to give a standing ovation to the players making way. Diaz, who scored the final goal, which looks like it will seal the three points, is replaced by Danns, who makes his debut.,0
omez gets a handful of Ogbene's shirt, and the winger decides to pull up to show it to the referee. It works, with Luton getting a free-kick, and Gomez getting a booking.,2
Ryan GravenberchLiverpool · Midfielder #38There's another change for Liverpool now, as Bobby Clark is brought on in place of Gravenberch.,0
arkley drags at Elliott's shoulder before sliding in from behind to nick the ball off him. He did catch the youngster with the follow-through, and it earns him a yellow card, much to his frustration.,2
Alfie DoughtyLuton Town · Midfielder #45Luton's final change of the game is an enforced one. Doughty was caught by Kelleher during that last attack when the goalkeeper closed him down, so he can't carry on. Kabore replaces him, which will see Ogbene switch out to the left for the end of the game.,0
sst: A. RobertsonGOOOAAALLL!!! DIAZ SCORES! That should do it for Liverpool! After missing a couple of good chances in the first half, Diaz makes no mistake this time. Luton gives it away in their own half, with Robertson cutting out a switch to Ogbene, and his interception falls to the Colombian's feet. He drives into the box before rifling his shot past Kaminski at the near post. 3-1 Liverpool!,1
Conor BradleyLiverpool · Defender #84Liverpool are making their first change now, and Bradley goes off to a standing ovation from the home crowd. He's replaced by Robertson, which means that Gomez will switch to right-back.,0
Tahith ChongLuton Town · Midfielder #14After a frantic spell of the game, Edwards is making another change to try and settle things in midfield. Chong is taken off, with Jordan Clark on in his place.,0
Asst: A. Mac AllisterGOOOAAALLL!!! GAKPO SCORES! And just like that, Liverpool lead! It comes down the right side once more as it's clipped into the near post by Mac Allister, and Gakpo just peels away from his defender to meet it. It's another great header as he flicks it past Kaminski and into the back of the net. 2-1 Liverpool!,1
Cauley WoodrowLuton Town · Striker #10Luton are making their second change in answer to that Liverpool equaliser as Woodrow is replaced by Townsend.,0
sst: A. Mac AllisterGOOOAAALLL!!! VAN DIJK EQUALISES! It's been coming from Liverpool, and their captain steps up! They finally manage to make something of one of their many corners as Mac Allister whips it into the middle, and Van Dijk darts in front of his marker to meet it. He gets power on the header, and Kaminski can't keep it out. 1-1!,1
Albert Sambi LokongaLuton Town · Midfielder #28There is a change at the break for Luton. Lokonga is the player making way after picking up a knock in the first half, with Mpanzu on in his place.,0
There's a collision between Woodrow and Quansah as they go up for an aerial challenge, with the defender getting caught on the side of his head. Woodrow is booked for the challenge.,2
Doughty steps across Gravenberch to try and stop him, but when the Dutchman gets away, he also pulls him back by the arm. The winger is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
OOOAAALLL!!! OGBENE SCORES! Luton have the lead at Anfield! It comes from a throw-in on the left, and Doughty holds off Quansah to cushion it into Chong's path. The angle is tight, but he still goes for goal. It goes through Kelleher's legs, but the keeper gets enough on it to stop it from crossing the line. It loops up though, and Ogbene nods it in from the far post. 1-0 Luton!,1
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17As one Armstrong arrives, another departs: opening goalscorer Stuart Armstrong is replaced by Djenepo in the third minute of second-half stoppage time.,0
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Contributing with an assist for the second goal, Adams has fared well today, and now makes way for Adam Armstrong.,0
sst: T. LivramentoSAINTS DOUBLE UP! Unopposed by a blue shirt, Armstrong strides into the final third, laying the ball off to Livramento. The young full-back crosses from the right for Long to meet at the far post, and the Ireland striker heads down past Pickford and into the back of the net. Surely that's game over. Southampton 2-0 Everton!,1
Armando BrojaSouthampton · Striker #18Having missed his last chance to score today, Broja makes way for Long up front.,0
Anthony GordonEverton · Midfielder #24A final throw of the dice by Lampard sees Gordon taken off and Alli asked to make a decisive contribution from midfield.,0
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Lampard has opted to make his second change, after his first has failed to improve matters, with Gomes struggling since his introduction. Now, Iwobi makes way for Townsend.,0
Asst: C. AdamsSAINTS LEAD! Capitalising on their first sustained attack of the half, Southampton go in front! Romeu and Adams combine on the left side of the area, and the latter plays in Armstrong, who strokes the ball brilliantly into the bottom corner of the net from the edge of the 18-yard box. Southampton 1-0 Everton!,1
AllanEverton · Midfielder #6On a booking and having been close to receiving a second during the first half, Allan is replaced by Gomes for Everton.,0
n ugly tackle by Calvert-Lewin on Salisu results in the former being deservedly booked.,2
s Walker-Peters attempts to escape on the break, Allan recklessly dives in on the full-back and is then booked for a foul by the referee.,2
avard is the latest player to have his name taken by the referee as he catches Kainz with a poor challenge from behind.,2
Jhon CórdobaKöln · Striker #15Gisdol makes his last change now as well as Modeste comes on for Cordoba.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Flick makes his final change of the game now and it's Coman that makes way for Goretzka.,0
Ismail JakobsKöln · Midfielder #38Second change from Gisdol now and it's Schmitz that's coming off for Jakobs.,0
Asst: F. KainzCOLOGNE HAVE ONE BACK! Uth does really well to stay onside as Kainz gets into more space on the left. The defenders don't pick him up at the far post and he's left with a simple tap-in into the bottom corner. 4-1!,1
Asst: A. DaviesGREAT GOAL BY GNABRY! He picks up the ball on the left wing and drifts inside to get into a better position. He weaves his way past three Cologne defenders before curling his shot around Horn and into the far bottom corner. 4-0 Bayern!,1
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #32Second change by Bayern now and it's Kimmich that's making way for Tolisso.,0
hiago is shown a yellow card after he catches Cordoba with a late challenge.,2
Jérôme BoatengBayern · Defender #17Flick has made a change at the start of the second half and it's Boateng that makes way for Hernandez.,0
Noah KatterbachKöln · Defender #34Cologne are finally able to make the change after Katterbach went off injured and Kainz is now on in his place.,0
Boateng picks up the first yellow card after taking out Cordoba from behind with a bad challenge.,2
Asst: J. KimmichGNABRY SCORES! Kimmich swings the corner into the far post where Gnabry brilliantly brings the ball down. He cuts back to the edge of the box to get more space before drilling his shot into the bottom-right corner. 3-0 Bayern!,1
Asst: T. MüllerTHEY HAVE A SECOND! Cologne barely had time to recover from the first goal and now they're two down! The defending is poor from the home side as Coman has time to take a touch before hitting his shot low under the keeper and into the net. 2-0 Bayern!,1
sst: T. MüllerBAYERN LEAD! Lewandowski takes a touch to get past Bornauw on the left of the box and is one-on-one with the keeper when he takes the shot. It's a tight angle, but he fires his effort over Horn and into the roof of the net. 1-0 Bayern!,1
Bruno Guimaraes is now booked for his reaction to perceived time-wasting by Leeds.,2
rying to run down the clock at a goal-kick, Meslier invites the Newcastle players' anger and is shown a yellow card for wasting time.,2
or shoving the time-wasting Meslier and setting off a subsquent scuffle, Wilson is booked.,2
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Having put in a typically energetic - but ultimately fruitless - shift, Almiron is replaced by Murphy for the final few minutes.,0
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Leeds introduce fresh legs up front: Gelhardt comes on for Rodrigo.,0
Luke AylingLeeds United · Defender #2A switch of right-backs sees Ayling coming off and Kristensen thrown on.,0
Wilfried GnontoLeeds United · Midfielder #29Marsch opts for a double substitution heading into the final 20 minutes: Gnonto is replaced by Summerville.,0
For failing to retreat a full 10 yards at Newcastle's free-kick, Gnonto is eventually shown a yellow card by the referee, who runs out of patience with the young forward.,2
 mistimed challenge by Roca on Bruno Guimaraes results in a booking for the Leeds substitute.,2
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock comes off for wing wizard Saint-Maximin.,0
Chris WoodNewcastle · Striker #20To the roars of the Geordie faithful, Howe makes a couple of attacking changes. First, Wood is replaced by Wilson up front.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #11Leeds also make another substitution, as Harrison makes way for Klich.,0
For taking out the fleet-footed Almiron with a late challenge, Struijk receives a yellow card.,2
Adam ForshawLeeds United · Midfielder #4Leeds have made a change in midfield at half-time, as Forshaw makes way for Roca.,0
ith the half-time whistle drawing near, Ayling trips Willock inside his own half; conceding a dangerous free-kick and taking a booking for his troubles.,2
aving seen Almiron gift possession to Leeds, Trippier then clips a fast-countering Gnonto and is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Caicedo is booked for removing his shirt during the rapturous celebrations.  ,2
LAZIO WRAP THE GAME UP WITH A THIRD GOAL! 3-1! Juventus throw everyone apart from Szczesny forward for a free-kick and Lazio clear and quickly counter. Lazzari initially races through on goal and has a shot saved superbly by Szczesny, but Caicedo diligently follows up and lashes a fierce volley into the empty net! ,1
Sergej Milinković-SavićLazio · Midfielder #21Milinkovic-Savic is replaced by Caicedo as the hosts try and take a little more time off the clock.  ,0
ucas is booked for a cynical foul on Alex Sandro 30 yards from goal.  ,2
Ciro ImmobileLazio · Striker #17Immobile is replaced by Cataldi as Lazio look to tighten their grip on a precious lead.  ,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Dybala is replaced by Higuain as Juventus search for an unlikely equaliser.  ,0
zczesny is booked for his foul on Correa, as Immobile prepares to take the resulting spot-kick.   ,2
Asst: L. AlbertoLAZIO TAKE THE LEAD! Juventus were already reeling from being reduced to ten men and now they're a goal down too! A pinpoint, clipped throughball from Luis Alberto delicately sails over Bonucci and into the path of Milinkovic-Savic who takes the bouncing ball down before drilling a low shot at an angle beyond the despairing Szczesny!,1
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #33Bernardeschi is replaced by Danilo as Juventus look to tighten up after going down to ten men.   ,0
The referee carefully watches the video and returns to the pitch to overrule the earlier yellow and show Cuadrado a red! It certainly looked like a deliberate professional foul and Cuadrado can have few complaints. ,3
Alex Sandro skips past Lazzari down the left flank and the wing-back responds by diving in and bringing the Juventus defender down, earning himself a yellow card.   ,2
sst: L. AlbertoLAZIO EQUALISE! 1-1! The hosts work a corner short, allowing Luis Alberto a better angle from which to bend in a cross and the midfielder takes full advantage by curling in a delivery that arcs just over Bonucci's despairing leap and into the path of Luiz Felipe who rises to thump a header past Szczesny from close range!,1
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Bentancur fails to overcome his earlier knock and he's replaced in midfield by Can. ,0
Dybala is booked for lunging in late on Lazzari just inside the Lazio half.   ,2
sst: R. BentancurJUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Dybala manages to slip Bentancur in behind the Lazio defence down the right, before the midfielder slides a perfectly weighted pass across goal towards Ronaldo, who races in to tap the ball into an empty net! That was a beautifully worked move! ,1
janic is booked for hauling Immobile over just as Lazio were looking to quickly counter-attack.   ,2
Luis Alberto is booked following some over-enthusiastic protesting after the referee refused to award him a free-kick.    ,2
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Inzaghi eats up a few more seconds of added time by introducing Klaassen for Barella.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Inzaghi introduces more fresh legs, making a double substitution: first, Dimarco makes way for Carlos Augusto on the left flank.,0
Juan BernatBenfica · Defender #14A further change by Benfica sees Bernat making way for Cabral, a former Fiorentina striker, who did well in the Europa Conference League last season.,0
Ángel Di MaríaBenfica · Midfielder #11Di Maria's part in this game is over, as Jurasek comes on to replace the veteran winger.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2A straight swap on the right flank sees Darmian replace Dumfries for the closing stages.,0
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9Apparently carrying a minor knock, goalscorer Thuram is withdrawn by Inzaghi; Sanchez replaces him up front.,0
or responding to Otamendi in a bout of penalty-box pushing, Dumfries is the latest Inter player booked. That's three in a matter of minutes for the Nerazzurri.,2
Orkun KökçüBenfica · Midfielder #10Schmidt also throws on Musa, as Kokcu comes off.,0
Rafa SilvaBenfica · Midfielder #27Following a quiet game up front, Rafael Silva departs and Chiquinho replaces him.,0
Barella follows his captain into the book, also for dissent. Inter need to keep their discipline here, having taken control of the game since half-time.,2
Having been caught by a flailing boot from Neres, Martinez stays down hurt. When Inter's skipper returns to his feet, the referee flashes a yellow card in his direction for dissent - he thought Benfica's Brazilian winger did that on purpose and complained vociferously.,2
sst: D. DumfriesINTER LEAD! It had been coming! The Nerazzurri go 1-0 up at San Siro, as Thuram slots home a Dumfries cutback from the right byline. The French forward stayed cool to convert his chance from 12 yards out, and Inter are rewarded for a relentless start to this second half!,1
Alexander BahBenfica · Defender #6Following a challenge by Dimarco, Bah can't continue due to injury; Araujo comes on to replace him at right-back.,0
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Kulusevski has been a constant threat all game, but is replaced for the last few moments by Steven Bergwijn.,0
Matt DohertyTottenham · Midfielder #2Doherty is too withdrawn by Antonio Conte, and Emerson Royal takes his place on the right.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Son is replaced for Spurs, with Lucas Moura taking his place.,0
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34Veltman also comes off for Graham Potter's side, replaced by Jakub Moder.,0
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Brighton make more subs, the first seeing Gross withdrawn for Tariq Lamptey.,0
Yves BissoumaBrighton · Midfielder #8Brighton make the first change of the game, bringing off Bissouma for attacking reinforcements in the shape of Danny Welbeck.,0
Asst: R. BentancurGOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Spurs double their lead!!! The visitors break at pace and Kane gets free of Brighton's defence to race onto Bentancur's throughball. Sanchez comes out, but not far enough to stop the England captain, who strokes the ball left-footed beyond him and into the back of the net! 2-0 to Spurs, and very little chance of a Brighton comeback now!,1
omero takes a poor touch and lunges at the ball, catching Mac Allister late and warranting a yellow card from the referee.,2
Kane looks to play a quick one-two with Son on the edge of Brighton's box, but he's scythed down by Veltman's wild challenge before he can collect the return ball. Veltman is booked, and has to now defend a free-kick in dangerous territory for his side.,2
ac Allister looks to advance over halfway into space, before being tugged back and to the floor by Reguilon. A clear booking, and the referee obliges by showing the yellow card to the Spurs left-back.,2
sst: D. KulusevskiGOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Spurs take the lead! Reguilon's inside ball finds Son, who attempts to take on Veltman before teeing up Kulusevski. He shoots first time, and a wicked deflection off Romero takes it beyond the reach of a wrong-footed Sanchez! A stroke of luck in that, but Romero won't care as he's put the away side 1-0 up!,1
ith his head strapped more heavily than Terry Butcher's circa 1989, Dier does get to his feet, and thankfully looks okay to carry on playing. Maupay is booked for his part in causing the injury, the first yellow card of the match.,2
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Hasenhuttl makes a late change now, with Armstrong coming off for Diallo. He only has stoppage time to make an impact, though.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Podence comes off for Vitinha now as Nuno freshens up his attack in the closing stages.,0
Moussa DjenepoSouthampton · Midfielder #12Hasenhuttl isn't settling for a point and withdraws Djenepo for Long in the closing stages. Walcott will shift out wide to accommodate the presence of another striker.,0
OAL!!! WOLVES ARE LEVEL!! Neto's introduction looks a masterstroke from Nuno now as he fires in the equaliser! Jimenez hit the post with a low drive but Neto was on hand to slot the rebound home! It's 1-1!,1
Rúben NevesWolves · Midfielder #8Nuno makes a bold change with 20 minutes to go. Central midfielder Neves is withdrawn for a forward in Neto. Wolves have to go for it now.,0
Asst: C. AdamsGOAL!! SOUTHAMPTON TAKE THE LEAD!! Djenepo lofts a cross to Adams on the right side of the box from the left wing and the striker gets lucky as the loose ball ricochets off Kilman and to him. Adams fires a low cross through Kilman's legs for Walcott, who is waiting at the back post to tap it in! It's 1-0 to Southampton!,1
Traore follows his team-mate into the book, catching Djenepo on the top of his ankle. That looked a painful one for the Saints winger.,2
eves is shown the first yellow card of the game for either side as he puts in a poor challenge on Romeu.,2
okratis slides in and starts a scuffle with Winks. It draws in both sides, but the referee opts to only book the Arsenal defender.,2
inks goes into the book for kicking the ball away following a foul.,2
Asst: M. GuendouziGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! AUBAMEYANG EQUALISES!!!! 2-2!!!! The Gunners are back in the game as Aubameyang converts from close range. Guendouzi lifts a brilliant ball over the top of the Tottenham defence and the striker times his run to perfection. Aubameyang touches it to the side of Lloris and into the left-bottom corner. Arsenal complete the comeback.,1
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Lacazette is withdrawn as he is feeling the affects of an apparent injury. Mkhitaryan replaces the forward.,0
Lucas TorreiraArsenal · Midfielder #11Torreira is withdrawn for the hosts and is replaced by Ceballos.,0
acazette pulls back Eriksen on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Érik LamelaTottenham · Midfielder #11Alli returns to the fold for Spurs as he replaces Lamela in the final third.,0
Eriksen goes into the book for stopping a free-kick from being taken quickly.,2
sst: N. PépéGOALLLLLLLLL!!! LACAZETTE GETS ARSENAL BACK INTO THE GAME!! 2-1!! The Gunners respond on the stroke of half-time as Spurs botch a clearance from the edge of the box. Pepe manages to work an offload towards Lacazette in the left inside channel. He takes a neat touch to get the better of Vertonghen and the ball sits up for him to strike. He goes for power with his left-footed effort, hammering it past Lloris from close range. Game on.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLL!!! KANE HAMMERS THE BALL HOME! 2-0 TOTTENHAM! Spurs double their advantage as Kane holds his composure fire his strike into the net. In true fashion, the England man rattles his attempt into the left bottom corner giving Leno no chance. Spurs are in control here.,1
Lamela pulls back Torreira on the charge and goes into the book. Spurs are being pushed back by the home side.,2
ottenham nudge the ball around at the back and play themselves into trouble. Rose has to commit to a challeng with Lacazette and clips the forward late. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ERIKSEN TAPS HOME FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 1-0 SPURS!!! The visitors take the lead after hitting the Gunners on the counter. Son releases the run of Lamela through on goal and he strikes a right-footed effort towards the target. It's a tame strike, but Leno can only palm the ball out straight to Eriksen. The Dane accepts the gift and converts from close range.,1
Benoît BadiashileChelsea · Defender #5Pochettino plays his final card in the second minute of at least eight added for stoppages. Badiashile makes way for young Gilchrist.,0
Jefferson LermaCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Stunned by going behind, Palace make another change: it's a rare chance for Matheus Franca now; Lerma comes off.,0
itchell is also shown a yellow card for his part in the confrontation with Madueke.,2
Madueke is booked for a coming-together with Mitchell by the touchline.,2
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Palace's first substitution: Schlupp comes on for Ayew.,0
After a prolonged Palace attack is ended, Madueke sprints away on the counter. Richards brings the young winger down at the second attempt, earning himself a merited yellow card.,2
Mykhailo MudrykChelsea · Midfielder #10Opening goalscorer Mudryk also departs, with Broja sent on to aid Jackson up front.,0
Christopher NkunkuChelsea · Midfielder #18Two more changes for Chelsea: Nkunku's full debut ends early, as Madueke jogs on to the pitch as his replacement.,0
Ian MaatsenChelsea · Midfielder #29Lavia is also welcomed onto the pitch for his long-delayed Chelsea debut, with Maatsen making way.,0
Levi ColwillChelsea · Defender #26Pochettino can sense his side have started this second half without the required focus, so changes are inevitable: first, Colwill is replaced by Thiago Silva.,0
Arriving late on Olise from behind, Caicedo becomes the first player on either side booked today. He also concedes a free-kick around 25 yards from goal.,2
sst: J. AyewPALACE PULL LEVEL! Killing the ball with his first touch and then sweeping it home with is second, Olise clinically makes it 1-1 at Stamford Bridge! On the left, Ayew is left in acres of space to weigh up his options, and his flat delivery beats everyone in a packed box before landing on Olise's chest. That's a superb finish at the back post, and out of the blue, Crystal Palace are back on terms!,1
Asst: M. GustoCHELSEA LEAD! Mudryk prods home from close range, putting the home side 1-0 in front! At the second attempt, Nkunku slips a ball through to the overlapping Gusto on the left, and the latter's sharp cutback finds Chelsea's Ukrainian winger alone in the six-yard box! Henderson had no chance!,1
João MárioLokomotiv Moscow · Midfielder #23Lokomotiv make the customary time-wasting substitution in injury time, as is their right. Mario departs and is replaced by Idowu.,0
Aranguiz is booked for an petulant foul on Zhemaletdinov. Leverkusen are starting to lose their patience.,2
Julian BaumgartlingerLeverkusen · Midfielder #15Leverkusen make another attacking change. Baumgartlinger off. Amiri - a summer arrival from Hoffenheim - on.,0
HAT A GOAL BY BARINOV! 2-1 LOKOMOTIV! Lokomotiv's plan is definitely working! A terrible pass back puts Leverkusen in dreadful trouble! Hradecky rushes out to try to sweep up and Barinov curls a wonderful shot into the empty net from outside the area! ,1
sst: J. MárioGOAL! 1-0 LOKOMOTIV! Well, that makes things interesting! Smolov manages to pressure Sven Bender into conceding a throw on his left. Mario manages to intercept the throw and suddenly Krychowiak is through on goal! The Polish midfielder coolly slots the ball past Hradecky.,1
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Inter are looking to let the clock run down and are now making their final change. Bastoni created the first goal and is now coming off. De Vrij replaces him at centre-back.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries played his part in winning the penalty and is now coming off. D'Ambrosio is on for the final few minutes.,0
zeko is off the pitch but is given a yellow card for dissent.,2
Penalty GoalGOALLLL! LUKAKU SCORES! 2-0 INTER! Lukaku with a composed penalty. He strokes the ball into the bottom corner beyond the reach of Vlachodimos, who dives the right way.,1
Florentino LuísBenfica · Midfielder #61Benfica make an attacking change. Florentino is off with Neres replacing him. Aursnes is now playing a deeper role alongside Chiquinho.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Their third substitution comes on the left side. Gosens, who scored last time out, replaces Dimarco.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Simone Inzaghi has decided to switch both of his strikers. Correa comes on for Martinez.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Inter make three changes. Dzeko had a bright start to the game, but has failed to make an impact in the final third. Lukaku, who scored against Porto in the last round, is coming on.,0
Asst: A. BastoniGOALLLLLL! BARELLA SCORES! 1-0 INTER! Inter break the deadlock! Bastoni rushes forward from centre-back and sends a cross into the box from the left. Barella gets away from his marker and heads the ball across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1
Brozovic is the first Inter player to recieve a yellow card after fouling Rafa.,2
Silva recieves the first yellow card of the game after a late tackle on Martinez. He went through the striker trying to get the ball.,2
Ched EvansPreston · Striker #9Cross-Adair gets on for some late Preston minutes as Evans makes way.,0
Asst: D. KulusevskiGOAL! PRESTON 0-3 TOTTENHAM! Danjuma puts some gloss on the game with a simple side-footed finish at close range. Woodman is furiously exhausted by that one, the softest he has conceded. Spurs ensure the match is a done deal as the substitute, on his debut, turns home Kulusevski's flat ball.,1
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7A round of applause comes for Son after his heroics from the away support, as Tottenham replace him with Gil for the closing stages.,0
Ali McCannPreston · Midfielder #13The hosts also make their third alteration, adding Johnson for McCann.,0
Robbie BradyPreston · Midfielder #11Preston make their second change, with Fernandez on for Brady.,0
Matt DohertyTottenham · Midfielder #2A third swap in quick succession for the visitors completes the changes, with Emerson replacing Doherty.,0
Ryan SessegnonTottenham · Midfielder #19Tottenham make a second change too, bringing on Danjuma in place of Sessegnon.,0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Tottenham also make a sub call, bringing on Skipp for Bentancur.,0
Ryan LedsonPreston · Midfielder #18With that goal, Preston signal a change as Woodburn replaces Ledson.,0
sst: I. PerišićGOAL! PRESTON 0-2 TOTTENHAM! That is surely the cup tie for Spurs, and it is Son who rises to the occasion once again! The forward latches onto a sublime backheel touch from Perisic just outside the box, pivots and fires home at the right post, despite Woodman getting a glove to it.,1
Cannon looks to dart into the box on the left, spies Tanganga and turns before going to ground. The referee deems it to be a champion dive, but as this is the pitch and not the pool, he gets booked for it.,2
sst: J. TangangaGOAL! PRESTON 0-1 TOTTENHAM! It's Son with the breakthrough and what a beauty it is too! The Spurs forward has tried his luck from distance a few times today, and this time he lashes it up and around with a left-footed curler to beat Woodman. Terrific stuff!,1
Ghoulam is shown a late yellow card for a mistimed tackle in midfield.,2
Kalidou KoulibalyNapoli · Defender #26Koulibaly has been on a yellow card since the ninth minute – but it has not affected his performance at all. He’ll finish the match six minutes early as Luperto is his replacement.,0
enalty GoalICARDI SCORES! 4-1! The striker is calm in his run-up as he finishes neatly into the bottom-left corner – sending Karnezis the wrong way.,1
Dries MertensNapoli · Striker #14Younes is given a 10-minute run-out as he replaces Mertens.,0
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #44Perisic is off for Candreva shortly after going down 4-0.,0
sst: D. MertensRUIZ MAKES IT 4-0 AS INTER FALL APART! Ruiz is allowed to walk into the penalty untroubled by defenders after an excellent pass from Mertens, before dispatching a cannon towards goal, beating Handanovic at the near post!,1
Arkadiusz MilikNapoli · Striker #99Milik is called to the bench with 19 minutes remaining, as Insigne is chosen to replace him.  ,0
sst: K. MalcuitRUIZ ADDS TO INTER’S MISERY! 3-0 NAPOLI! Mertens plays a lovely cross to the far post for Milik who is unable to get his volley past Handanovic. The near-post save doesn’t clear the danger as Malcuit is first to it, sending a pass across the face of goal for Ruiz to finish into an open goal!,1
Asst: J. CallejónNAPOLI DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE ON THE HOUR! 2-0! It’s an indictment of the Inter defence that the diminutive Mertens is allowed to power a header past Handanovic, after Callejon’s beautiful delivery into the penalty area hangs just high enough for Mertens to get in between Miranda and Skriniar and finish with ease!,1
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Inter’s second change comes two minutes before the hour mark as Gagliardini is replaced by Vecino in midfield.  ,0
he referee brandishes his second yellow card in two minutes, this time booking Allan for his lunge on Martinez.  ,2
Nainggolan’s frustration gets the better of him again as he’s late into a challenge on Malcuit – stepping on the right-back’s foot in the process. It’s a yellow for the Inter midfielder.,2
Matteo PolitanoInter · Midfielder #16A change at half-time sees Icardi introduced in place of Politano.,0
Asst: F. RuizAN INCREDIBLE STRIKE MAKES IT 1-0 NAPOLI! Sloppy again from Inter as a good bit of defending from Perisic on the wing fuels the Napoli attack after Asamoah’s careless pass into midfield. Ruiz latches onto the loose ball and passes it to Zielinski – who rockets a shot into the top corner from well outside the area! No goalkeeper is saving that shot!,1
Politano gets into a good position on the right-hand side of the penalty area and gets tripped up by the trailing leg of Koulibaly. It’s a yellow card for the centre-back, and a free-kick in a good position for Inter.,2
Anthony MartialMan United · Midfielder #11Fellaini was being readied to come on for United, but the red card for Bailly instead means that centre-back Jones is on. Martial is the player sacrificed.,0
Nathan AkéBournemouth · Defender #5Howe's third and final change sees Mings take over from Ake at the back. The visitors have eight minutes to score three goals against their 10-man opponents.,0
 blemish to what has otherwise been another good day for United under Solskjaer, as Bailly is shown a straight red for diving in on Fraser with both feet off the ground. A stupid challenge, leaving the referee with little choice.,3
Ander HerreraMan United · Midfielder #21Pereira is given another run-out under Solskjaer, coming on for the final 15 minutes or so in place of Herrera. United's supporters show their appreciation to the departing midfielder.,0
sst: P. PogbaGOOOAAALLL!! MAN UNITED 4-1 BOURNEMOUTH! Lukaku marks his return to action with a goal just a couple of minutes after being introduced from the bench. The Belgium striker's eighth league goal against Bournemouth is a well taken one, hooking the ball past Begovic after getting on the end of Pogba's lofted through-ball.,1
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10Lukaku is brought on in place of Rashford, the scorer of United's third goal, for his first appearance under Solskjaer. ,0
Callum WilsonBournemouth · Striker #13Fraser, who has four goals and eight assists in the Premier League this season, comes on for Wilson.,0
David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #20The second of Howe's changes also comes in attack, as Mousset takes over from Brooks.,0
Herrera tugs back on the shirt of Stanislas to halt the Bournemouth counter, seeing him join team-mate Young in earning a yellow card.,2
sst: D. BrooksGOOOAAALLL!!! MAN UNITED 3-1 BOURNEMOUTH! For all of United's attacking strengths, they are simply unable to keep a clean sheet. Ake, who missed a good chance earlier in the half to draw his side level, guides a header past De Gea following some impressive work from Brooks. Game on?,1
Asst: A. MartialGOOOOAAALLL!! MAN UNITED 3-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Solskjaer's men have a third before half-time! Rashford, who created the first goal with a sublime assist, gets an outstretched leg on the end of Martial's flicked cross to surely seal all three points for the home side.,1
No idea what Young is thinking here. The United captain lunges in on King, who was going nowhere, and is rightly shown the first yellow card of the match.,2
sst: A. HerreraGOOOAAALLLL!!! MAN UNITED 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Pogba really is on fire, scoring his second goal of the game and his fourth in two matches. Herrera's cross is crying out to be attacked, and the France midfielder gets between Ake and Cook to power a header past Begovic.,1
sst: M. RashfordGOOOAAALLL!!! MAN UNITED 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Pogba picks up from where he left off against Huddersfield by edging the home side into an early lead. The France midfielder profits from some brilliant footwork from Rashford, who takes the ball past two men out wide before teeing up his team-mate for a simple sliding finish from three yards.,1
Adam WebsterBrighton · Defender #4Webster trudges off the pitch. He doesn't look that injured. Van Hecke races on for Brighton.,0
anchez is shown the yellow card for taking his time over a goal-kick. You can't blame Brighton for some gamesmanship now.,2
Denis ZakariaChelsea · Midfielder #20Here's that Chelsea change. Mount takes Zakaria's place in midfield. They need a spark from somewhere.,0
Asst: S. MarchGOAL! CHELSEA 1-2 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Enciso hands Brighton the lead with an incredible strike! The 19-year-old is found unmarked by March and from 30 yards decides to put his foot through the ball, lashing it into the top-left corner. Kepa has no chance.,1
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Striker #17Sterling's the last Chelsea player to go off for now. Felix is his replacement.,0
Wesley FofanaChelsea · Defender #33Fofana goes next. James will slot in at right-back for Chelsea.,0
Enzo FernándezChelsea · Midfielder #5Fernandez is the next Chelsea player to make way. On comes Kovacic in midfield.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #10Chelsea make their first raft of changes. Ziyech replaces the ineffectual Pulisic.,0
Chalobah lands himself in the referee's book for a late tackle on Estupinan.,2
Gallagher goes in strong on Caicedo and earns himself a yellow card.,2
Asst: P. GroßGOAL! CHELSEA 1-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Welbeck equalises for the Seagulls, nodding home Gross' cross towards the far post. That goal is the least the visitors deserve.,1
Evan FergusonBrighton · Striker #28Welbeck takes Ferguson's place up front. That's a shame for Brighton. He'd been leading their frontline well.,0
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34Brighton make an enforced change. Their teenage Paraguayan Enciso replaces Veltman.,0
Asst: M. MudrykGOAL! CHELSEA 1-0 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Gallagher gives the Blues the lead against the run of play! Mudryk wins possession and darts inside, laying off to the Englishman who strikes first time from outside the box. It deflects off Dunk and past Sanchez!,1
Veltman picks up an early yellow card for a poor challenge on Mudryk down Chelsea's left.,2
Gabriel PaulistaValencia · Defender #5The injured Gabriel is replaced by Diakhaby late on.,0
Carlos SolerValencia · Midfielder #8Cheryshev comes on for Soler as Valencia go in search of a late winner.,0
Gomez fouls Thomas and becomes the latest player to be shown a yellow card.,2
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Simeone makes his third and final change - and not a moment too soon. Carrasco takes over from Koke.,0
Santiago AriasAtlético Madrid · Defender #4Morata is on and Arias off in Atletico's second change. It will likely mean a tweak in formation, too.,0
Gonçalo GuedesValencia · Striker #7Gameiro is on for Guedes as Simeone turns to his bench for the first time today.,0
sst: D. ParejoGOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!!! VALENCIA 2-2 ATLETICO!!!! Parejo floats a delightful free-kick into the penalty box and Kondogbia guides it past Oblak. The midfielder got away from Llorente and, despite miscuing his initial attempt, it went in off his other leg. Simeone will be fuming at his side's defending!,1
Vrsaljko catches Soler with a stray arm and enters the referee's book. This match is threatening to boil over.,2
uedes' shot from outside the box deflects off Arias for a corner. Valencia wanted a free-kick and Gabriel is booked for his protests.,2
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Defender #12Lodi is replaced by fellow full-back Vrsaljko in Atletico's first change of the contest.,0
OOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! VALENCIA 1-2 ATLETICO!!!! Just like that, the visitors are back in front! Thomas turns over possession and charges towards the opposition box. He pulls the trigger from around 20 yards and picks out the bottom-left corner with a fine finish.,1
sst: M. GómezGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! VALENCIA 1-1 ATLETICO!!! Gomez chests down a corner and fires a cross into the six-yard box, where Gabriel - who perhaps could have done better to prevent Atletico's opening goal - is waiting to head in an equaliser.,1
Lodi catches Wass when attempting to block a cross from the right and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! VALENCIA 0-1 ATLETICO!!!! Vitolo is played in down the right and picks out Correa, whose attempted shot is blocked by Gabriel. Llorente is right on the case and pokes the ball past Domenech to give Atletico the lead through their first real attempt.,1
erratti is shown a yellow card late on for catching Tchouameni in an aggressive challenge.,2
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11PSG's second change sees Bernat brought on in place of Di Maria.,0
PabloBordeaux · Defender #3Bordeaux make a third change as Benito enters the fray in place of Pablo.,0
Di Maria is shown a yellow card for bringing down de Preville as Bordeaux attempt to launch a counter-attack.,2
Asst: K. MbappeGOOOAL! Neymar makes it 1-0 PSG! Mbappe is the architect as he races with the ball towards the right-hand byline before squaring it across goal for Neymar, who makes no mistake as he taps the ball into the bottom left-hand corner.,1
Jimmy BriandBordeaux · Striker #7Bordeaux's second change of the match sees Bennasser replace Briand.,0
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Striker #19PSG's first change sees Sarabia withdrawn for Mbappe on his return to the match-day squad.,0
Yacine AdliBordeaux · Midfielder #19Bordeaux make the first change of the match as Adil is replaced by de Preville.,0
arquinhos is shown the first yellow card of the match for a foul on Briand which prevented a Bordeaux counter-attack.,2
resswell is booked late on after he kicks the ball away into the crowd to waste time.,2
armolenko is booked for a poor challenge on Emerson that leaves the winger injured himself. The referee waits until the physios have dealt with the injury, before brandishing the yellow card.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #18Final West Ham substitution now, with Fornals the man walking off the pitch and he is going to be replaced by Masuaku.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #30Here is the enforced West Ham change, with Antonio replaced by Haller.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18Chelsea now with their third and final substitution, with Giroud heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Hudson-Odoi.,0
Felipe AndersonWest Ham · Midfielder #8West Ham make their first change of the game, with Anderson coming off and he has been replaced by Yarmolenko.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Fornals for his late challenge on James.,2
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5The other Chelsea change sees Jorginho come off and he is replaced by Kante.,0
PedroChelsea · Midfielder #11It's a double substitution for Chelsea, with Pedro coming off and he has been replaced by Willian.,0
sst: P. FornalsGOOOAAALLL! West Ham take the lead just a couple of minutes after the restart, it's 1-0! Cresswell sprints forward on the overlap down the left wing, he the cuts inside and beats James, before sliding the ball into the far right-hand corner of the net, out of the reach of Kepa.,1
aldua is shown a yellow card for taking his time over a throw-in.,2
Martin ØdegaardReal Sociedad · Midfielder #21Sociedad make their third change as Odegaard is replaced by Guevara.,0
Barco is shown a yellow card moments after his introduction following an off-the-ball incident involving Elustondo.,2
Álvaro ReyMirandés · Midfielder #10Mirandes make their third change as Rey is replaced by Barco.,0
Mikel OyarzabalReal Sociedad · Midfielder #10Sociedad make their second switch as the goalscorer Oyarzabal is replaced by Barrenetxea.,0
Vazquez clashes with Januzaj before the pair exchange some words off the ball, and Vazquez is shown a yellow card.,2
Antonio SánchezMirandés · Midfielder #28Mirandes make their second change as Sanchez is replaced by De Sousa.,0
Willian JoséReal Sociedad · Striker #9Sociedad's first change sees Willian Jose replaced by Isak.,0
Alexander GonzálezMirandés · Defender #20Mirandes make the first change of the match as Alexander Gonzalez is replaced by Martinez.,0
illian Jose is shown a yellow card for a foul on Onaindia inside the Sociedad half.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOAL! Oyarzabal makes it 1-0 to Sociedad and 3-1 on aggregate! Oyarzabal makes no mistake from the spot as he sends Limones to the left before sweeping his penalty into the roof of the net on the opposite side of the goal.,1
Monreal is now shown a yellow card for a foul on the goalkeeper as he attempted to reach the loose ball.,2
The referee shows a yellow card to Alexander Gonzalez when he gets back on his feet.,2
Both teams argue immediately after the goal. Oukidja, in particular, is furious and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Neymar is also shown a yellow card for his part in the arguments following the winner.,2
sst: NeymarHAKIMI! 2-1! PSG win it in the final seconds! Neymar feeds Hakimi inside the area with a crisp pass. Hakimi jinks past a defender before drilling a low finish past Oukidja from eight yards on his weaker left foot! ,1
Vincent PajotMetz · Midfielder #14Pajot makes way for Traore as Metz try and waste more time. ,0
ed card! Metz are reduced to 10 men. Bronn kicks the ball away to slow down the game and receives a second yellow and a red card. Metz manager, Frederic Antonetti, is then sent off for protesting the decision.  ,3
Centonze is shown a yellow card after a gentle push on Neymar during an argument. ,2
Nuno MendesPSG · Defender #25An attacking change for PSG. The defender, Mendes, is replaced by Draxler - who will presumably be playing higher up the pitch.,0
ronn catches Mbappe with a late kick and is a little fortunate to only be shown a yellow card. He certainly caught Mbappe high on the calf there.   ,2
Mendes is shown a yellow card after getting caught out and fouling Boulaya to stop a counter.  ,2
Pape Ndiaga YadeMetz · Midfielder #26The second change sees Yade make way for Niakate.,0
Ibrahima NianeMetz · Striker #7Metz make a triple substitution. The first change sees Niane depart with De Preville taking his place up top.  ,0
Lamine GueyeMetz · Midfielder #20Finally, Gueye goes off for Boulaya on the wing.,0
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12Rafinha is replaced in midfield by Herrera.,0
Georginio WijnaldumPSG · Midfielder #18Wijnaldum makes way for Di Maria after a quiet game.,0
Asst: L. GueyeKOUYATE! 1-1! Metz equalise just before the break. The hosts force another corner, after slowly building up the pressure. Gueye puts in an outswinging cross and it's met by Kouyate inside the six-yard box, where he plants a powerful header across goal and into the far corner!   ,1
Yade is booked after chopping into a challenge with Rafinha near the touchline.,2
AKIMI! 1-0 PSG! The visitors take an early lead. Neymar slips Icardi through on goal with a crisp reverse pass. Icardi proceeds to drink it over the onrushing Oukidja, only for Udol to race back and hack it off the line! However, his clearance runs kindly for Hakimi who drills it in despite a valiant block from Kouyate. The referee took a moment to check it went over the line and then awarded the goal!,1
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Striker #32Ljungberg looks like he's trying to win this game now as he brings on Aubameyang for his final change in place of Smith Rowe.,0
Selim AmallahStandard · Midfielder #19Second change for Standard now and it's Lestienne that's coming on to replace Amallah, who scored Standard's second goal.,0
Asst: G. MartinelliARSENAL ARE LEVEL! Once again, Saka isn't closed down when he gets the ball, this time on the edge of the box. He takes a touch to set himself before drilling his shot low into the bottom right corner. 2-2!,1
sst: B. SakaARSENAL PULL ONE BACK! It's a great cross from Saka and Lacazette times his run perfectly to stay onside behind Laifis before heading the ball past Bodart and into the back of the net. 2-1!,1
Ainsley Maitland-NilesArsenal · Midfielder #15Second change for Arsenal now and Chambers is coming onto the field now to replace Maitland-Niles.,0
Sokratis PapastathopoulosArsenal · Defender #5Ljungberg makes his first change of the game now and it's Martinelli that's coming on to replace Sokratis.,0
STANDARD HAVE A SECOND! It's a poor piece of defending by Willock as he touches the ball straight into Amallah's path. The midfielder turns away from Guendouzi before firing his shot towards goal and a deflection off Mavropanos' hand takes it past Martinez and into the back of the net. 2-0 Standard!,1
Asst: G. CimirotSTANDARD LEAD! Bastien isn't closed down as he makes a forward run and he fires his shot towards goal from outside the box. It takes a huge deflection of Sokratis' arm on the way through which catches out Martinez and sends it over the goalkeeper's head. 1-0 Standard!,1
Renaud EmondStandard · Striker #9Preud'homme has decided to make a change at the start of the second half and it's Emond that's making way as Avenatti comes onto the field.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Midfielder #20Jota is carried off and is replaced by Tsimikas.,0
Jota sends Cancelo to the deck and is yellow-carded for his challenge.,2
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Alexander-Arnold enters the action for Liverpool to replace the goalscorer Salah. It was Salah at his best this afternoon.,0
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8Guardiola makes his first change as Alvarez replaces Gundogan.,0
hiago slips as he slides into a challenge with Rodri. He catches his compatriot late and goes into the book.,2
Akanji bundles Nunez to the deck and goes into the box, presenting Liverpool with a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Asst: AlissonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SALAH SCORES A SPECIAL GOAL!!!!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! Salah converts his one-on-one opportunity this time. Alisson creates the goal after claiming a poor cross from De Bruyne from a free-kick. He launches a kick downfield where Salah is left alone with Cancelo. Salah turns Cancelo out of his boots and is left through on goal against Ederson. This time he clips his effort over the onrushing City keeper and into the back of the net.,1
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Elliott makes way for Carvalho in the middle of the park.,0
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Henderson enters the action in the middle of the park for the hosts to replace Fabinho.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Midfielder #9Firmino has been quiet today and is now withdrawn for Nunez in the final third.,0
abinho brings down Gundogan on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Kvaratskhelia comes off after another superb evening for the winger. Lozano is on in his place.,0
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Juve make another sub in central midfield with Rabiot making way for Soule.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Ndombele also comes on with Zielinski replaced in central midfield.,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Napoli turn to their bench again as Osimhen makes way to a huge round of applause as Raspadori comes on to replace him.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #7Iling also comes on with Chiesa making way.,0
Ángel Di MaríaJuventus · Striker #22Juventus make another double change with Di Maria off and replaced by Miretti.,0
sst: G. Di LorenzoGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! IT'S FIVE!!! This is becoming a rout for the league leaders against Juventus. Di Lorenzo has the ball on the right-hand flank and feeds Elmas. The winger has a lot to do but he cuts inside beautifully to beat Kostic and his strike deflects off Sandro and into the back of the net.,1
Mário RuiNapoli · Defender #6Napoli turn to their bench again with left-back Rui replaced by Olivera.,0
sst: K. KvaratskheliaGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! OSIMHEN WITH ANOTHER!! 4-1!! The goal has been coming as Juventus pushed forward and it is Kvaratskhelia at the heart of it again. Bremer again is sloppy with the ball and the ball is given to Kvaratskhelia. The Georgian makes no mistake and stands up the perfect cross for Osimhen who towers above the Juve defence and slams it into the net.,1
Arkadiusz MilikJuventus · Striker #14Kean also comes on to lead the Juventus line with Milik coming off.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Juventus turn to their bench after the goal with a double change. Locatelli comes off shortly after his collision with Osimhen and Paredes replaces him.,0
Asst: K. KvaratskheliaGOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! 3-1!!!! Napoli restore their two-goal lead and what a time for Rrahmani to find his first goal of the season. Kvaratskhelia whips the ball in and the ball heads all the way through to Rrahmani. It is a sweet strike from the centre back and it flies into the back of the net. There is a VAR check for offside but the goal stands and it's a huge one for Napoli.,1
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Politano has picked up a knock in that first half and makes way with Elmas coming on in his place.,0
anilo flies into a rash challenge on Kvaratskhelia and the Juventus defender is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Asst: A. MilikGOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS PULL ONE BACK! 2-1!! That two-goal lead didn't last long and it is Di Maria with the crucial goal. He jinxes his way onto the edge of the box and the ball squirms past Kim and somehow finds Milik. He lays it back to the onrushing Argentine who finishes well past Meret to drag his Juventus side right back into this game.,1
Asst: V. OsimhenGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! 2-0!!!! Napoli double their lead out of nowhere and it is Kvaratskhelia with the composed finish. It's a hopeful ball into the box but Bremer makes a meal of it and gives away the ball cheaply to Osimhen in the box. He selflessly squares it across to Kvaratskhelia who opens up his body and fires it past Szczesny into the far post.,1
OOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! NAPOLI LEAD!!! Just moments after that chance, Osimhen puts Napoli ahead. Di Lorenzo feeds it to Politano on the left wing and the Napoli forward's cross finds Kvaratskhelia. The Georgian's effort is acrobatic but saved well by Szczesny. However, the Juventus goalkeeper can only push it out into the path of Osimhen who nods it into the unguarded net.,1
Anthony GordonNewcastle · Striker #10Gordon has scored the only goal and is now coming off. Howe's trusted man, Ritchie, comes on for the final few minutes.,0
Livramento rushes down the left and gets the wrong side of Antony, who slides him to the floor and is shown a yellow card.,2
Nick PopeNewcastle · Goalkeeper #22Dubravka is picked ahead of Karius to replace Pope in goal. He has four minutes plus additional time to keep a clean sheet.,0
Kobbie MainooMan United · Midfielder #37United have struggled in this match, but it has not affected the performance of Mainoo, who has completed 92.3 per cent of his 39 passes. He is coming off for Amrabat.,0
Aaron Wan-BissakaMan United · Defender #29United make another two substitutes. There is a change at full-back, with Reguilon coming on for Wan-Bissaka.,0
aguire has been one of United's better players in this match but goes into the book for a late slide tackle on Gordon.,2
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9Ten Hag has seen enough and has decided to make a couple of changes. Martial has been quiet in the attack and is being replaced up front by Hojlund, who is still searching for his first Premier League goal.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford has had a game to forget on the wing for United. He has not challenged full-back Livramento and has given him plenty of space to work with. Antony is on in his place.,0
Asst: K. TrippierGOALLLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! The hosts have a thoroughly deserved lead - that goal has definitely been coming. Isak finds Guimaraes on the edge of the box, with the midfielder having the awareness to slide the ball down the right side of the box to Trippier. His low first-time cross is met by Gordon, who has a simple finish from close range.,1
David SilvaMan City · Midfielder #21Third and final change for Manchester City as Silva jogs off the ground and he is replaced by Foden.,0
Montoya is awarded a yellow card after a bad foul on Sterling.,2
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20Brighton clear the bench, as March runs off the ground with Izquierdo being given the final seven minutes plus stoppage time, to make an impact on the game.,0
Anthony KnockaertBrighton · Midfielder #11Brighton make their second change, in the midst of the stoppage, as Knockaert makes way for Jahanbakhsh.,0
Jürgen LocadiaBrighton · Striker #9Brighton make their first change of the day as Locadia makes way for Murray, in a like for like replacement.,0
Leroy SanéMan City · Striker #19Sané's day is done as he jogs off the ground, being replaced by Mahrez, who has a chance to impress, in the final 19 minutes plus stoppage time.,0
Sergio AgüeroMan City · Striker #10The goal scorer Agüero heads off for an early shower, being replaced by Jesus.,0
Asst: R. SterlingGOAL MANCHESTER CITY - Aguero takes on two in the middle, as he slides it in for Sterling, but Aguero continues running into the box. Sterling returns to sender, as he taps it in past Ryan to score a goal. Manchester City 2 - Brighton & Hove Albion 0.,1
uffy connects with the lower leg of Silva, bringing him down in agony. Duffy immediately apologises to Silva, but it does not save him from the ire of the referee, who raises a yellow card in his direction.,2
sst: L. SanéGOAL MANCHESTER CITY - Aguero with a clean pair of heels, as he crosses it into the box for Sane, who sends it from right to left, for Sterling to tap it in past Ryan. Manchester City 1 - Brighton & Hove Albion 0.,1
Knockaert is the first man to go into the referee's book, after a late challenge on Zinchecko.,2
Ritchie is yellow-carded by the referee as both sides fight for a winner at Selhurst Park.,2
uehi is scythed down by Joelinton as both sides throw caution to the wind in search of a winner. The Newcastle forward is booked for his troubles.,2
As if his winner begin disallowed wasn't bad enough, Benteke's now booked for a foul on Krafth.,2
Conor GallagherCrystal Palace · Midfielder #23Gallagher, who's been very impressive for Palace, is replaced by Jean-Philippe Mateta.,0
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Striker #10Saint-Maximin has been a frustrated figure today, and he's replaced by Joelinton for Newcastle.,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Captain Milivojević is taken off for Palace, replaced by Jeffrey Schlupp.,0
Michael OliseCrystal Palace · Striker #7Olise has been very impressive for Palace in this match, but he's replaced by their historical star man, Wilfried Zaha.,0
Ryan FraserNewcastle · Midfielder #21Fraser is withdrawn for Newcastle, and Miguel Almiron comes on in his place.,0
Sean LongstaffNewcastle · Midfielder #36Longstaff is also withdrawn, replaced by Joe Willock.,0
sst: E. KrafthGOOOOOOOALLLLL!!!!! WHAT A FINISH!!!!!!!! A Newcastle corner results in the ball bouncing all over the place, before Wilson acrobatically hooks it towards goal with an overhead kick that beats Guaita and levels us up at 1-1!!! What a finish from the Magpies' striker, and we're all square once again!!!,1
ascelles is booked for Newcastle after pulling back Olise, and the Magpies' captain can have no complaints.,2
Asst: T. MitchellGOOOALLLL!!!! Palace finally take the lead!!! Gallagher does very, very well to keep hold of the ball and spreads it wide to Mitchell. His cross towards Benteke is very inviting and the big Belgian striker nods the ball past Darlow to make it 1-0 to the home side! It's been coming, but finally Palace have their goal and Selhurst Park erupts!,1
ard, who appeared to grab Wilson by the throat, is also given a booking.,2
Andersen catches the head of Fraser with a very high boot and the Scotland winger is down in a heap. Andersen is given the game's first yellow card as a result.,2
ilvestri is shown a yellow card by the referee for wasting time.,2
Mattia ZaccagniVerona · Midfielder #20Verona bring on Dawidowicz for Zaccagni in their final change of the contest.,0
Samu CastillejoMilan · Midfielder #7Castillejo is replaced by Serie A debutant Maldini for the final seconds. The four minutes of added time are officially up.,0
Borini fouls former team-mate Kessie and is shown a yellow card.,2
Verona midfielder Pessina is shown a yellow card for his challenge.,2
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Calabria is replaced by debutant Saelemaekers for the final 13 minutes.,0
Valerio VerreVerona · Striker #14Borini, loaned to Verona by Milan earlier this month, is on for Verre.,0
VERONA DOWN TO 10! The referee deems that challenge from Amrabat on Castillejo worthy of a red card after checking the pitchside monitor.,3
Giacomo BonaventuraMilan · Midfielder #5Bonaventura is replaced by Paqueta in the first of Milan's changes.,0
Milan are ending the half on top, with a couple more shots being blocked. Hernandez is caught out of position and shoves Amrabat off the ball to earn himself a booking.,2
GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! MILAN 1-1 VERONA!!! The home side win a free-kick around 28 yards from goal and Calhanoglu sees off competition from Castillejo to take it. The Turkey international's right-footed curler clips Verre on the end of the Verona wall and that deflection is enough to take it away from Silvestri.,1
Rebic tries to get away from Rrahmani but is thrown to the ground by his opponent, who is shown the first yellow card of the contest.,2
sst: M. ZaccagniGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! MILAN 0-1 VERONA!!! Faraoni gives the visitors an early lead - one that Juric will argue is deserved. A cross comes in from the left and Faraoni gets in front of Hernandez to guide a first-time finish past Donnarumma from a few yards out.,1
Atleti's chances of scoring twice now feel slim. Barca have managed to ride out the storm. The visitors harangue the referee as Herrera's booked for wafting an arm into the face of Busquets.,2
Wass has been in the thick of the action since coming on at half-time. The Dane's booked for hauling down Aubameyang.,2
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Atleti substitution. Their captain Koke heads off. Their Mexican midfielder Herrera comes on.,0
Frenkie de Jong becomes Barca's latest player to receive a card for sliding in late on Correa. This one's just a yellow.,2
GaviBarcelona · Striker #30Xavi responds straight away to Alves' dismissal. Dest slots in at right-back. Gavi is sacrificed.,0
ED CARD FOR ALVES! The Barca right-back is dismissed by the referee. The incident does look nasty on second viewing. Alves heads down the tunnel frustrated. Barca will now have to see out the last 20 minutes against a resurgent Atleti with 10 men.,3
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Xavi makes another change to Barca. Pedri goes off. Nico comes on.,0
Adama TraoréBarcelona · Striker #11Barca substitution. Traore heads off to applause after an impressive hour. Aubameyang, another arrival from the Premier League, replaces him.,0
sst: J. GiménezGOAL! BARCELONA 4-2 ATLETICO MADRID! There may still be hope for Atleti. The visitors force a corner down their right which Koke swings in. Gimenez gets to it first and Suarez nods in his flick-on at the near post. That's a proper poacher's goal from the Uruguayan.,1
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Felix is last to make way. The Atletico forward shakes his head as he approaches the bench. Correa comes on for him.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Lemar is next to go off. Mandava, a left-back, comes on for Atleti.,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Hermoso is the first Atleti player to go off in this substitution window, having had a torrid time dealing with Traore in the first half. The 22-year-old Brazilian Cunha takes his place.,0
Alba's booked for catching Felix's right leg as Atleti try to break upfield. ,2
OAL! BARCELONA 4-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Barca are running riot now! Alves finds the bottom left corner from inside the box, after a quick Barca one-two down their left. It's his first league goal since returning to the club! He soaks up the adulation from the home fans.,1
Šime VrsaljkoAtlético Madrid · Defender #24Atletico have made a change at half-time. Their Danish utility player Wass has replaced Vrsaljko.,0
sst: F. TorresGOAL! BARCELONA 3-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Araujo smashes in from the edge of the six-yard box as Torres reaches Alves' free-kick and loops a header against the crossbar. Atleti are slow to judge the rebound and get punished for it.,1
Asst: AdamaGOAL! BARCELONA 2-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Traore bursts past Hermoso to fire in a high cross from the byline. Gavi gets on the end of it to plant a deflected header past Oblak!,1
Asst: D. AlvesGOAL! BARCELONA 1-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Barca level things almost straight away with a stunning strike from Alba! Alves floats in a cross from the right and the Barca left-back thunders a volley into the top right corner off the post.,1
Asst: L. SuárezGOAL! BARCELONA 0-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Atleti take an early lead! Carrasco latches onto Suarez's tapped cross from the right and calmly steers the ball into the far bottom corner. That was coolness personified from the Belgian.,1
Ronaldo shapes to shoot but dribbles towards the box, before being brought down by Turrientes and winning a dangerous-looking free-kick. The Sociedad substitute is booked following the challenge.,2
Andoni GorosabelReal Sociedad · Defender #18Gorosabel also comes off, with his place at right-back taken by Alejandro Sola.,0
Brais MéndezReal Sociedad · Midfielder #23Mendez's penalty separates the two sides at the moment, but his industrious performance in midfield comes to an end as he's replaced by Benat Turrientes.,0
Tyrell MalaciaMan United · Defender #12United left-back Malacia makes way, with his place taken by another youth product in Charlie McNeill.,0
A poor touch from Fred gives Zubimendi the chance to nick the ball, but he's caught late by the Manchester United midfielder sliding in, and Fred is booked by the referee.,2
Takefusa KuboReal Sociedad · Midfielder #14Kubo has been bright for the visitors in their two-pronged attack, and comes off now for Ander Barrenetxea to see out the game.,0
Anthony ElangaMan United · Midfielder #36Elanga's been largely ineffective in the final third, and a fellow youth product of the hosts' academy comes on in his place, Alejandro Garnacho.,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21Antony is next off for the home side, with Jadon Sancho coming on to replace him out wide.,0
After a promising Sociedad attack, led by Cho, comes to an end, United look to counter through Antony, but he's body-checked by Munoz and the left-back picks up a yellow card.,2
David SilvaReal Sociedad · Midfielder #21Silva is the next to come off for Sociedad, and he's replaced by new signing Mohamed-Ali Cho.,0
Silva chases Casemiro into midfield and needlessly fouls the Brazilian, picking up a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLLL!!! There's the opener!!!! It's Mendez who steps up, smashing the penalty into the bottom right corner, and beyond the reach of De Gea to make it 1-0 to the visitors!!! They've been very passive so far this half, but now they have the lead, and Manchester United have to try and turn this game around now!,1
artinez is shown a yellow card for the handball, which is a tad harsh given the ball appears to have bounces up off his leg before striking his elbow.,2
Diogo DalotMan United · Defender #20Dalot also comes off, with Lisandro Martinez introduced, suggesting that a formation change could be on the cards.,0
Umar SadiqReal Sociedad · Striker #25Sociedad also make changes, as Alexander Sorloth comes on for Sadiq up front.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14Erik Ten Hag makes half-time changes for Manchester United, swapping out Eriksen for Bruno Fernandes.,0
BERENGUER! 2-1 ATHLETIC! The visitors take a dramatic late lead as Berenguer picks up a loose ball in midfield, before driving at the backtracking defence and unleashing a 25-yard effort that takes a wicked deflection off Vukcevic, and wrong-foots Fernandez to nestle in the back of the net!,1
Iker MuniainAthletic Club · Midfielder #10Muniain heads off to be replaced by Morcillo.,0
Yuri BerchicheAthletic Club · Defender #17Yuri departs with Balenziaga taking his place at left back.   ,0
Unai LópezAthletic Club · Midfielder #8Lopez is replaced in midfield by Vencedor.,0
Óscar de MarcosAthletic Club · Defender #18De Marcos makes way for Capa in defence.,0
De Marcos is booked for tripping De Frutos on the edge of the box.,2
Mikel VesgaAthletic Club · Midfielder #6Vesga is replaced by Daniel Garcia in midfield.,0
Raúl GarcíaAthletic Club · Striker #22Raul Garcia departs with Villalibre taking his place in attack.,0
Roger MartíLevante · Striker #9Marti makes way for Gomez up top.,0
José Luis MoralesLevante · Midfielder #11Morales is replaced by Leon in attack.,0
Mickaël MalsaLevante · Midfielder #12Levante make a double substitution: the first sees Malsa make way for Son in midfield.,0
Rubén RochinaLevante · Midfielder #16In the second change, Rochina departs with Vukcevic taking his place.,0
Rochina is booked for a cynical slide challenge on Williams at an angle just outside the box.,2
Róber PierLevante · Defender #4The hosts make an adventurous change as the defender Pier is replaced by the attacker Bardhi.,0
Penalty GoalGARCIA! 1-1! Garcia steps up confidently and slams a powerful penalty down the right that goes through Fernandez's hands and into the net!,1
uarte is booked for tripping Garcia to give away the penalty, and - with no covering defenders - he can count himself fortunate not to have been sent off.,2
sst: R. RochinaMARTI! 1-0 LEVANTE! The hosts take the lead, as Morales nutmegs De Marcos to set Rochina free near the byline and the midfielder looks up and squares it to Marti whose initial shot is blocked, before the striker swivels and drills the rebound across Simon and into the bottom corner!,1
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Liverpool's deadline day signing, Arthur, replaces Elliot in midfield.,0
Mathías OliveraNapoli · Defender #17Olivera also heads off with Mario Rui taking his place in defence.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Zielinski is replaced by Elmas after a fine display that featured two goals and an assist.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah makes way for Jota after a disappointing display.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Liverpool make a triple substitution: the first sees Nunez come on for Firmino.,0
James MilnerLiverpool · Midfielder #7Milner trudges off and Thiago replaces him in midfield.,0
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Midfielder #21Politano also makes way with Lozano taking his place.,0
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Midfielder #77Kvaratskhelia heads off for Zerbin after an electric display. Liverpool will be glad to see the back of him.,0
Asst: A. RobertsonGOAL! DIAZ! 4-1. Liverpool pull one back. Robertson feeds Diaz on the edge of the box and the attacker darts inside before bending a superb curling effort into the far corner from 20 yards!,1
GOALL! ZIELINSKI! 4-0. Napoli get another just after the break. Zambo Anguissa exploits Liverpool's high line again with a superb throughball into the channel. Simeone latches onto it and squares it for Zielinski who fires a strike at Alisson before dinking the rebound over the goalkeeper!,1
Joe GomezLiverpool · Defender #2Gomez had a torrid first half and he's replaced at half-time by Matip.,0
Asst: K. KvaratskheliaGOALLL! SIMEONE! 3-0. Napoli get another! Zambo Anguissa spins past his marker and releases Kvaratskhelia. The attacker skips past Alexander-Arnold with ease before outmuscling Gomez and hitting it across the face of goal, where Simeone's on hand to tap it in!,1
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Osimhen hobbles off with Simeone taking his place up top. That's a major blow for the hosts.,0
Asst: P. ZielińskiGOALLL! ZAMBO ANGUISSA! 2-0. Napoli double their lead with a superb goal. Kvaratskhelia snatches it off Gomez and dashes to the byline. He rolls it to Zambo Anguissa who plays a sharp one-two with Zielinski to find himself clean through on goal at an angle! He takes a touch before slotting it in at the near post!,1
an Dijk is shown a yellow card for his foul on Osimhen, but he'll feel relieved to still be on the pitch considering there wasn't an attempt to play the ball.,2
ilner snaps into Zambo Anguissa near the centre-circle and is shown a yellow card. It's been a rough game for the midfielder so far.,2
Penalty GoalGOALLL! 1-0. ZIELINSKI! Napoli have an early lead. Zielinski steps up and confidently sends Alisson the wrong way, before firing it into the top left corner!,1
Viktor TsyhankovDynamo Kyiv · Midfielder #15Final change for Dynamo now and it's Lednev coming on for Tsygankov.,0
Vitaliy MykolenkoDynamo Kyiv · Defender #16Another change for Dynamo now and it's Karavaev coming on for Mykolenko.,0
Shaparenko is booked for dissent after protesting against a free-kick given against him for a foul on McKennie.,2
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30Bentancur is also making way, with Arthur on for him.,0
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22Another double change for Juventus now and Chiesa is coming off for Kulusevski.,0
Volodymyr ShepelevDynamo Kyiv · Midfielder #8And Shepelev is also taken off, with Harmash replacing him.,0
Benjamin VerbičDynamo Kyiv · Striker #7Triple change for Dynamo now and Supryaha is being brought on for Verbic.,0
Gerson RodriguesDynamo Kyiv · Midfielder #22Rodrigues is also making way, with De Pena on in his place.,0
Merih DemiralJuventus · Defender #28Third change for Juve now and it's Dragusin coming on for Demiral.,0
sst: F. ChiesaMORATA SCORES! He has so much space in the middle of the box when Chiesa picks him out and he steps away from the defenders when they do close him down before hitting a low shot past Bushchan into the back of the net. 3-0 Juve! ,1
Aaron RamseyJuventus · Midfielder #8Ramsey is also coming off, with Bernardeschi on for him.,0
Leonardo BonucciJuventus · Defender #19Double change for Juventus now and Bonucci is the first to make way for Danilo.,0
sst: A. MorataRONALDO SCORES! Bushchan gets down to try and push Chiesa's cross away, but he ends up pushing it onto Morata who is rushing in. It gets through to Ronaldo at the far post and he's left with a simple tap-in. The goalkeeper felt he was fouled and VAR has a look at the incident, but the goal stands! 2-0 Juve! ,1
Zabarnyi catches Morata in the face with his elbow and picks up a booking.,2
Asst: A. SandroJUVENTUS LEAD! Chiesa pulls away from his defender in the middle of the box to get on the end of Alex Sandro's cross and he heads it down into the ground. It bounces through Bushchan's arms and into the back of the net. 1-0 Juve! ,1
Bentancur picks up the first yellow card of the game after he slides in and catches Shaparenko with a late challenge.,2
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Roca replaces Goretzka for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Juan FoythVillarreal · Defender #8Aurier replaces Foyth for the closing stages of the game on the right flank for Villarreal.,0
Arnaut DanjumaVillarreal · Striker #15Danjuma made the decisive impact tonight and is now withdrawn from the action for Chukwueze.,0
Estupinan goes into the book for the home side for time-wasting.,2
Benjamin PavardBayern · Defender #5Sule replaces Pavard in perhaps an admission from Nagelsmann that his side cannot afford to concede again.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Gnabry is withdrawn for the visitors in the final third and is replaced by Sane.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Muller was ineffective in the final third tonight and is replaced by Goretzka.,0
Francis CoquelinVillarreal · Midfielder #19Coquelin could have put the Spanish side in control of the tie, but he was caught offside to deny Villarreal a second. He is now withdrawn for Pedraza down the left flank.,0
Asst: D. ParejoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! DANJUMA FIRES VILLARREAL AHEAD!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as Danjuma steers a scuffed strike from Parejo past Neuer from close range. Gerard sends Lo Celso down the right flank, and he cuts a dangerous cross back for Parejo. The midfielder swings a leg at the ball, but doesn't make clean contact. Danjuma gambles and latches onto the ball before guiding an effort into the bottom-right corner.,1
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Midfielder #26Wolves replace an attacker with a more defensive player as they look to tighten up. Hwang makes way for Dendoncker.,0
Rice trips Semedo to stop a counter-attack near the halfway-line and a yellow card is promptly shown.,2
Daniel PodenceWolves · Midfielder #10Podence has been superb today - his direct dribbling has caused Cresswell plenty of issues, and his performance was capped off with an assist. He's now replaced by Traore. ,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20The second change is revealed and Bowen will make way for Yarmolenko.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22West Ham make two more changes as they search for an equaliser. The first sees Benrahma depart for Vlasic.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8West Ham respond immediately by replacing Fornals with Lanzini.,0
sst: D. PodenceGOAL! JIMENEZ! 1-0 WOLVES. The hosts finally get the breakthrough they deserve. A sweeping move ends with Podence cutting it back to Jimenez who slots it into the bottom corner with a precise, low strike from 20 yards!   ,1
eves cynically hacks down Bowen to prevent a breakaway and earns himself a yellow card.,2
Ruud VormerClub Brugge · Midfielder #25It is a double change for the away side as Decarli replaces Vormer. Less than one minute to go.,0
WesleyClub Brugge · Striker #7Brugge make their second change of the match as Openda replaces Wesley.,0
Axel WitselDortmund · Midfielder #28Witsel is replaced by Delaney following that earlier incident with Wesley.  ,0
Abdou DialloDortmund · Defender #4The hosts make their second substitution of the evening as Diallo is replaced by Hakimi. 10 minutes to go.,0
Emmanuel DennisClub Brugge · Midfielder #42The visitors make their first change as Dennis is replaced by Rits.,0
Raphaël GuerreiroDortmund · Midfielder #13Dortmund make their first change of the evening as Sancho replaces Guerreiro.,0
lcacer is booked just before half time following a late foul on Amrabat on the outside of the Brugge penalty area.,2
Denswil receives the first yellow card of the evening after fouling Pulisic down the right-hand side of the pitch.,2
Philippe CoutinhoBayern · Midfielder #10Coutinho is the next to be taken off, with Goretzka coming on.,0
enalty GoalGOAAL! Union pull one back! Second time lucky from the spot as Polter buries his penalty and sends Neuer the wrong way!,1
Ivan PerišićBayern · Midfielder #14Perisic has been somewhat absent from the game other than giving away the Union penalty and he's taken off for Tolisso to provide some extra solidity in midfield.,0
Sebastian AnderssonUnion Berlin · Striker #10And the second of two substitutions sees Andersson make way for Polter.,0
Marcus IngvartsenUnion Berlin · Midfielder #32The first of two changes coming up for Union as Ujah replaces Ingvartsen.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Change number one for Bayern as Coman comes off for Gnabry. Not the best of performances from the Frenchman!,0
Felix KroosUnion Berlin · Midfielder #23Union make their first change of the game, taking off Kroos for Becker.,0
OAAAL! 2-0 BAYERN! It was only a matter of time before Bayern scored again and it's Lewandowski to double their lead. He's almost crowded out as he bears down on goal, but a fortunte deflection brings the ball back into his path as he dribbles his way past and he tucks a right-footed shot away low into the bottom-right corner.,1
An early yellow card for Andrich as he fouls Thiago in a dangerous position inside the Union half. What can Bayern do with this free-kick?,2
OAAAAAL! BAYERN TAKE THE LEAD! It's Pavard with a powerful strike from outside the area! It all comes from a poorly defended Kimmich set piece on the right. Union keeper Gikiewicz comes off his line to punch it clear, but only as far as Pavard at the edge of the box and he's completely unopposed as he thunders it in to make it 1-0 Bayern.,1
Beto rolls past Berge on the left touchline, with the Burnley man pulling his shirt back. He is then shown a yellow card. Everton are getting closer to securing a huge three points.,2
Wilson OdobertBurnley · Striker #47Odobert has been quiet since the restart and is being replaced by Guomundsson.,0
Charlie TaylorBurnley · Defender #3Kompany is putting on another forward to put Everton under pressure in the last few minutes. Amdouni comes on for Taylor.,0
Lorenz AssignonBurnley · Defender #20Assignon looked bright on the right for Burnley but is now coming off for experienced forward Rodriguez in an attacking change.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Everton make their first change. Calvert-Lewin scored the only goal just before half-time and is replaced by Beto, who started the last match.,0
Ashley YoungEverton · Midfielder #18There is a swap on the right for Everton, with Young coming off for Harrison.,0
Jacob Bruun LarsenBurnley · Midfielder #34Kompany makes a change immediately after O'Shea's red card. Bruun Larsen has looked quiet on the wing and is replaced by Brownhill, who should solidify the midfield.,0
ED CARD TO O'SHEA! Burnley are down to 10 men after O'Shea is shown a straight red card. The defender takes a loose touch, with McNeil poking the ball away from him before being taken out by a slide tackle from the defender. He denied a clear goal-scoring opportunity!,3
David Datro FofanaBurnley · Striker #23Fofana has been kept quiet by Branthwaite and is coming off for Vitinho.,0
OALLLL! CALVERT-LEWIN SCORES! 1-0 EVERTON! The hosts take a fortunate lead! Muric has possession on the edge of his own box but takes too long to pass the ball away. Calvert-Lewin gets in front of him and blocks the ball, with it looping over the goalkeeper and into the net.,1
Odobert gets past the halfway line and rushes beyond Gomes, who kicks his leg and goes into the book.,2
arkowski pulls Odobert as the Burnley man races forward down the left and goes into the book.,2
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #17Second change for Palace sees Wickham come on to replace Benteke. ,0
Gylfi SigurðssonEverton · Midfielder #10Final roll of the dice from Silva now after that sending off and Davies comes on to replace Sigurdsson. ,0
SCHNEIDERLIN IS OFF! He was going for the ball but he only made contact with the player as he caught Milivojevic with a late challenge from behind. The referee is quickly across to show him his second yellow before bringing out the red card. Everton down to 10 men!,3
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Kean is coming on to make his debut in Everton's second change and he replaces Calvert-Lewin. ,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Hodgson makes his first change of the game and he brings on Zaha in place of Ayew. ,0
he yellow card is out again and this time it's shown to Milivojevic for infringement. ,2
Schneiderlin has picked up a yellow card now as well for dissent.,2
Bernard is the first Everton player to get booked today after he commits a bad foul on Ayew.,2
André GomesEverton · Midfielder #21Gomes goes straight down the tunnel after coming off the field due to his injury and is replaced by Gbamin, who comes on to make his debut for Everton. ,0
eyer is shown the first yellow card of the game after pulling back Richarlison. ,2
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Final change for Everton now, and it's a defensive one as Dyche looks to see out the win. Iwobi goes off, with Mykolenko on for him.,0
Rico HenryBrentford · Defender #3And the final roll of the dice for Brentford sees Ghoddos coming on for Henry.,0
Demarai GrayEverton · Striker #11Both sides are making another change here. First, it's Everton, with Maupay brought on for Gray.,0
Amadou OnanaEverton · Midfielder #8Onana has gone down and it looks like he's struggling with the facial injury he picked up at the end of the first half. He goes off to be replaced by Davies.,0
Christian NørgaardBrentford · Midfielder #6And Norgaard is also taken off, with Onyeka on in his place.,0
Aaron HickeyBrentford · Defender #2There's another double change for Brentford. Hickey is the first to make way, with Wissa replacing him.,0
Doucoure is complaining to the referee again and he goes into the book for dissent.,2
Mikkel DamsgaardBrentford · Striker #24And Damsgaard is also taken off, with Dasilva replacing him.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Brentford are making a double change as they look to get themselves back into this game. Jensen is the first to go off, with Schade on for him.,0
Coleman's shot was blocked by Norgaard and the defender then slides in to stop him from breaking on the counter. The referee initially played the advantage, but now shows him a yellow card.,2
ray is away through the middle again, and Norgaard takes one for the team by tripping him. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2
sst: A. DoucouréMCNEIL SCORES! What a start for Everton! They win it back deep in their own half and Coleman hooks it upfield. Iwobi squares it to Doucoure in the middle and he gets his head up to spot McNeil to his left. He takes his shot from the edge of the box, rifling it past Raya. With just 35 seconds on the clock, it's 1-0!,1
Hugo MagnettiBrest · Midfielder #27Magnetti is withdrawn in the middle of the park and is replaced by Mbock.,0
Steve MounieBrest · Striker #15Le Douaron replaces Mounie up top for the closing stages of the game for the home side.,0
Gaëtan CharbonnierBrest · Striker #10Charbonnier has had a frustrating evening in front of goal and is replaced by Baal.,0
Haris BelkeblaBrest · Midfielder #7Belkebla is withdrawn by the home side and is replaced by Jean Lucas.,0
Romain FaivreBrest · Midfielder #21Cardona enters the action for the hosts as he replaces Faivre.,0
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12Gueye comes on to the field to replace Rafinha in the middle of the park.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11Icardi replaces Di Maria in the final third for the visitors.,0
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MBAPPE DOUBLES PSG'S LEAD!!!!! 2-0!!!!! The forward is clinical from close range to extend his side's advantage, although it looks to be in vain for their title hopes. Di Maria releases Mbappe through on goal and he rounds Larsonneur as the keeper commits himself early. Duverne makes a great challenge to stop his first strike, but the ball falls kindly for the forward and he gets to his feet before tapping home into an empty net.,1
Magnetti charges in with a late challenge on KImpembe and goes into the book.,2
Neymar is frustrated as he fails to get a decision on the left flank. He is guilty of dissent and is booked by the referee. He has to watch his temperament now.,2
Herrera pulls back Faivre on a break down the right flank and he goes into the book.,2
Cristiano BiraghiInter · Midfielder #34Dimarco is in for Biraghi as Inter continue to give their young substitutes minutes on the pitch.,0
Antonio SanabriaGenoa · Striker #9Cleonise is in for Genoa, as the ineffective Sanabria is recalled to the bench.,0
Antonio CandrevaInter · Midfielder #87Lazaro replaces Candreva as Conte gives another player an early rest.,0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Gagliardini's afternoon is over, though he'll come out of the game with a goal to his name. Sensi will play out the final 20 minutes. ,0
Andrea PinamontiGenoa · Striker #99Pinamonti is replaced by Favilli as Genoa make a change in desperation. ,0
sst: A. CandrevaLUKAKU GETS A SECOND! INTER’S FOURTH! Candreva finds Lukaku just inside the penalty area, and the striker shifts it onto his left foot, before smashing a thunderbolt into the far corner! Radu had no chance at full-stretch!,1
Penalty GoalCONFIDENCE FROM ESPOSITO WHO, WHO MAKES IT 3-0! Lukaku allows the 17-year old striker the opportunity to score his first goal for Inter, which he does with absolute glee. He dispatches the spot-kick into the bottom-left corner, though Radu guessed correctly.,1
PENALTY TO INTER! Agudelo gets the wrong side of Gagliardini and brings him down clumsily! The Genoa player will have no complaints as he’s shown a yellow card and gives Inter a chance to go up by three.,2
Romero is booked for holding Esposito back during a race for the loose ball.,2
Bastoni receives a card for fouling his man in an attempt to get back into position after being brought higher up the pitch for the majority of Inter’s time on the attack.,2
sst: R. LukakuTWO GOALS IN TWO MINUTES! Genoa are collapsing! Lukaku backs into Romero and lays it off to Gagliardini after a long throw-in, and the midfielder absolutely smashes a first-time strike into the corner of the goal! Radu attempted to make the stop, but got taken into the goal with the shot!,1
sst: A. CandrevaINTER GET THE BREAKTHROUGH 31 MINUTES IN! Candreva brings play to a stop on the right and stands over the ball, before scooping a cross into the penalty area for Lukaku, who gets across his man and heads it into the bottom corner! 1-0!,1
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Son, who crossed the ball in for the first goal and then scored the second, is replaced by Bergwijn.,0
Emerson RoyalTottenham · Midfielder #12Tanganga comes on for Emerson as Spurs look to see this game out.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Winks comes on for Lucas with 13 minutes remaining.,0
sst: ReguilónIt's 2-0 to the hosts! Kane plays in Reguilon down the left on the counter and the Spaniard dribbles towards the byline before sending a low delivery across the face of goal, where Son is waiting to tap into an empty net. It's a classy goal and it's a long way back for the Bees now.,1
Skipp dives in very late and catches Boakye before being shown a yellow card. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18The visitors make their final substitution as Lo Celso, who scored the opening goal, makes way for Skipp.,0
Asst: R. SessegnonGOAL! Eriksen adds a fourth! Sessegnon gets away down the left flank before pulling the ball back for the Danish midfielder in the middle of the box. Eriksen opens up his body before seeing his effort deflect into the bottom left corner and beyond Borjan. 4-0.,1
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7The away side make their second change of the match as Son comes off and is replaced by Sessegnon after scoring a brace. It remains 3-0.,0
Mateo GarcíaCrvena zvezda · Midfielder #11Red Star make their final switch of the match as Garcia comes off for Boakye. There are just over 20 minutes of normal time left to play.,0
Petrovic is the latest player to go into the book after catching Rose with a late challenge down the left flank.,2
Dušan JovančićCrvena zvezda · Midfielder #29The home side respond to going three goals behind by making their second substitution as Canas replaces Jovancic.,0
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Pochettino opts to make his first change of the game with Alli coming off for Eriksen.,0
sst: D. RoseGOAL! The visitors make it three! Kane slides the ball down the left-hand side of the penalty area for Rose, who picks his head up before playing it back across goal. Son, who was completely unmarked at the far post, turns the ball into the top right corner from only a few yards out. After consulting VAR, the goal is given. 3-0.,1
sst: D. AlliGOAL! Tottenham double their lead! Following a quick counter that was led by Ndombele, Alli picks up the ball from the Frenchman on the edge of the area before laying it off to his left for Son. From the centre of the box, the South Korean fires his effort beyond Borjan and into the top left corner. 2-0.,1
Marko GobeljićCrvena zvezda · Defender #77Red Star opt to make a change at the break with Jander coming on in place of Gobeljic.,0
GOAL! Tottenham lead! After numerous missed chances in front of goal, in which Kane hit the post and Son had one cleared off the line, the away side kept the ball alive in the Red Star penalty area. Following the hosts' failed attempts to clear the danger, Kane lashed a volley across goal which Son turned against the bar, before Lo Celso fired home the rebound from the left side of the six yard box. After a VAR check, the goal has been given. 1-0.,1
Dier is the first player to receive a yellow card after catching Pavkov with an elbow following an aerial duel on the halfway line.,2
Iddrisu BabaMallorca · Midfielder #12Baba is withdrawn for the closing stages of the game and is replaced by Grenier.,0
sst: MarceloGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA PLANTS A HEADER HOME!!!!!! 3-0 MADRID!!!!! Benzema notches his second of the game with a fine header from Marcelo's cross. Kroos works the ball back to Marcelo from a corner before the Brazilian angles a delivery into the middle. Benzema rises highest in the box, and directs a powerful header away from Rico into the top-right corner. A perfect finish.,1
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Marcelo replaces Mendy down the left flank for the visitors.,0
Takefusa KuboMallorca · Midfielder #17Lee replaces Kubo in the final third for Mallorca. Kubo had a strong start to the game, but faded in the second half.,0
Dani RodríguezMallorca · Midfielder #14Ndiaye comes onto the field to replace Rodriguez in the middle of the park.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! BENZEMA CONVERTS!!!!! 2-0 MADRID!!! The Frenchman holds his nerve from 12 yards as he drills his effort into the bottom-left corner. Madrid now have complete control of the game and are on course to take a 10-point lead at the top of LaLiga.,1
Maffeo goes into the book for dissent in the build-up to the spot-kick.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo has to be carried off the field with an apparent ankle injury. Asensio replaces the Brazilian.,0
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Vazquez is withdrawn at right-back and on a yellow card. Carvajal enters the action to replace him.,0
Raillo lunges into a challenge with Rodrygo and brings down the winger with a poor tackle. He goes into the book and the Madrid man remains down.,2
Antonio SánchezMallorca · Midfielder #10Sevilla replaces Sanchez in the middle of the park for Mallorca.,0
Ángel RodríguezMallorca · Striker #22Prats makes his way on to the field to replace Angel Rodiguez in the final third for the home side.,0
CasemiroReal Madrid · Midfielder #14Camavinga enters the action for Casemiro, who was also walking a fine line.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde, who could well have been sent off earlier, is withdrawn by Ancelotti and is replaced by Modric.,0
Asst: K. BenzemaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VINICIUS FIRES MADRID AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Baba loses possession to Valverde on the edge of his own box before Benzema finds Vinicius to slot home. Valverde robs Baba, who expects to win a free-kick. However, the referee waves play on and Benzema works a simple offload to Vinicius in the left-inside channel, whose places his effort between the legs of Rico into the back of the net.,1
Vazquez pulls back Kubo on the charge down the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Maffeo puts in a strong challenge on Vinicius to halt his charge down the left flank. The Brazilian is furious that he does not get a free-kick and goes into the book for squaring up to Angel Rodriguez.,2
Angel Rodriguez goes into the book for his reaction to Vinicius' aggression towards him. The game has a little bit of an edge here.,2
Valverde wipes out Kubo on the charge in the Madrid half and goes into the book. It was a clumsy challenge from the midfielder.,2
sst: S. GnabryGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PAVARD SCORES AT THE DEATH!!!!! BAYERN 3-0!!!! Bayern pour on the agony for the home side as Pavard steers a close-range effort home, capitalising on woeful defending. Kimmich whips a cross deep to the back post from a corner that Gnabry slices into the ground. It travels all the way across the face of goal where Pavard times his run and taps home unmarked. All too easy for the visitors.,1
Robert LewandowskiBarcelona · Striker #9It has not been Lewandowski's night against his former team. Torre replaces the forward in the final third.,0
Noussair MazraouiBayern · Defender #40Mazraoui makes way for the visitors and is replaced by Stanisic.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Dembele has had a poor evening in the final third. Fati replaces the Frenchman.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Musiala is withdrawn from the action and is replaced by Gravenberch.,0
Dayot UpamecanoBayern · Defender #2Nagelsmann protects Upamecano, who has been booked, and replaces defender with Pavard.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Choupo-Moting took his goal well and is now replaced by Muller in the final third.,0
PedriBarcelona · Striker #8Pedri is withdrawn from the final third and is replaced by Raphinha.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Torres replaces Busquets for the home side to add an extra attacker on the pitch.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Goretzka makes way for Sabitzer at the break.,0
usquets brings down Musiala on a break after Barca lose possession. The skipper is booked.,2
pamecano catches Pedri on the boot with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: S. GnabryGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! CHOUPO-MOTING EXTENDS BAYERN'S LEAD!!!!! 2-0!!!!! The German side notch their second through a clinical counter and strike from Choupo-Moting. Gnabry runs at the Barca defence and then times his offload into the inside-right channel to perfection. Choupo-Moting takes a touch before burying his strike past Ter Stegen. A fine finish.,1
oretzka catches Busquets with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
Mazraoui brings down Balde on the charge and goes into the book. Barca have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Asst: S. GnabryGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MANE FINISHES IN STYLE ON THE BREAK!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!!! The German side take the lead with a quick counter behind the Barca defence that Mane fires home. Gnabry plays the forward behind Bellerin with a long-range pass and the Senegalese takes it in stride to burst into the box. Ter Stegen comes out, but Mane sweeps his strike past the keeper and into the net.,1
Disappointing night for Pembele. Scored an own goal and just shown a yellow card for a sloppy challenge, just when PSG needed the game to continue with time running out.,2
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Icardi, who has recently been injured, is on for the final five minutes as he replaces Paredes.,0
Josh MajaBordeaux · Striker #9Bordeaux's next change sees Briand enter the game in place of Maja. The latter worked tremendously hard today, and his constant running has allowed Bordeaux to find a way back into this match.,0
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18Kean's night is over as he is replaced by Sarabia. ,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6Ander Herrera is also on, with Verratti the one to make way.,0
RafinhaPSG · Midfielder #12Rafinha is the first PSG player to come off, with Di Maria replacing him in midfield.,0
Asst: H. Ben ArfaGOAAAALLLLL PSG 2-2 Bordeaux - What a moment for Adli, just minutes after stepping onto the pitch he has drawn his side level. The midfielder played a one-two with Ben Arfa before curling the ball past Rico in the PSG goal. No celebration though from the former PSG youngster. ,1
Hwang Ui-joBordeaux · Midfielder #18Hwang is also coming off, with De Preville now on in his place.,0
Mehdi ZerkaneBordeaux · Midfielder #17Zerkane also makes way after a relentless 60 minutes of running, replaced by Oudin.,0
Toma BašićBordeaux · Midfielder #26Changes galore for Bordeaux, the first sees Basic replaced by Adli.,0
Enock KwatengBordeaux · Defender #25A change for Bordeaux at the break as Benito comes on for Kwateng.,0
GOAALLL WHAT A COMEBACK! PSG 2-1 Bordeaux - Two goals in as many minutes and Bordeaux look stunned inside the Parc des Princes. Neymar was involved again as his long-range strike cannoned off Costil and the ball fell directly towards Kean. He has steamed his way into the box and fired into an empty net. ,1
Penalty GoalGOAAALLL!! PSG 1-1 Bordeaux - Neymar converts from the spot and restores parity. As always, he delayed his run-up before sending Costil the wrong way. GAME ON!,1
tavio is carded for that challenge and the referee had no choice.,2
ot even on the pitch today, Newcastle's Lascelles is booked in a fractious conclusion to the game - for trying to stop Chelsea resuming play by the touchline.,2
For the last in a number of aggressive challenges in the closing stages, Longstaff receives a yellow card.,2
Punished for a blatant attempt at time-wasting, Pope finds himself booked.,2
Left exposed against Almiron again, Koulibaly catches the Newcastle forward with a sliding challenge and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Sven BotmanNewcastle · Defender #4Due to injury, Botman limps off and Targett comes into Newcastle's back four. Burn is therefore likely to move inside to centre-back.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Receiving applause for his goalscoring contribution today, Willock is withdrawn late on; Murphy is his replacement.,0
Chris WoodNewcastle · Striker #20Howe swaps strikers for the game's final few minutes, as Wood makes way for the rapturously received Wilson.,0
Armando BrojaChelsea · Striker #18A lonely shift up front comes to an early end for Broja, as Havertzis thrown on for the closing stages.,0
Mason MountChelsea · Midfielder #19Potter goes for broke, using his remaining substitutions. First, Mount makes way for Ziyech.,0
Asst: M. AlmirónNEWCASTLE LEAD! Finally, the deadlock is broken! After Almiron escapes from the clutches of Koulibaly on the right side of the area, the ball falls into the path of an on-rushing Willock. Without taking a touch, the midfielder places a perfect finish into the bottom-right corner, past the well-beaten Mendy! It's 1-0 to the Toon!,1
aving taken down the fast-escaping Pulisic in the centre-circle, Trippier receives a merited yellow card.,2
César AzpilicuetaChelsea · Defender #28Chelsea have made another switch at the interval - their second of the game - with Azpilicueta making way for the more attacking option of Pulisic.,0
or tugging back Guimaraes in midfield, Jorginho's attempt at halting a counter-attack is punished by a booking.,2
Ruben Loftus-CheekChelsea · Midfielder #12Unable to continue due to a probable muscular injury, Loftus-Cheek is replaced by Thiago Silva.,0
It's a late tackle from Kurzawa, who slides in on Ben Arfa, and he has his name taken by the referee.,2
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Midfielder #19PSG are also making a change and it's the goalscorer, Sarabia going off, with Diallo on for him.,0
Youssouf SabalyBordeaux · Midfielder #20Final roll of the dice for Bordeaux now and it's Briand that's coming on to replace Sabaly.,0
Mehdi ZerkaneBordeaux · Striker #17Zerkane is also coming off, with Lacoux on in his place.,0
Jean Michaël SeriBordeaux · Midfielder #15There's a double change for Bordeaux as well and it's Seri that's being taken off first for Traore.,0
Colin DagbaPSG · Defender #31Second change for PSG now and it's Dagba that's making way for Kehrer.,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23First change for PSG now and it's Draxler that's making way for Herrera.,0
Hwang Ui-joBordeaux · Striker #18Hwang is also making way, with Ben Arfa replacing him.,0
Samuel KaluBordeaux · Striker #10Double change for Bordeaux now and Kalu is the first to make way, with De Preville on for him.,0
Adli's first touch gets away from him and he steps on Pereira in his attempt to keep hold of it and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Pereira is shown a yellow card after nudging Kalu off the ball.,2
Asst: I. GueyePSG LEAD! It all comes down PSG's left again after their win the ball back and it's pulled back for Sarabia. His first touch takes his around Koscielny before he drills it across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 PSG!,1
It's late by Seri and he completely misses the ball as he slides in and catches Sarabia, so he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Steven BergwijnTottenham · Midfielder #23Spurs decide to shore things up for the final seconds. Bergwijn off. Vertonghen on.,0
OAL! 3-2 TOTTENHAM! Heartbreak for Villa! Engels can't trap a simple ball forward and accidentally sends Son clean through on goal! Son dashes into the box and calmly rolls the ball under Reina into the far bottom corner. That's his second of the game.,1
Nakamba gets a late yellow card for a hard and late tackle on Bergwijn.,2
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Before that corner gets taken, there'll be substitutions. Spurs go first. Alli trudges off. Fernandes, their 21-year-old loanee from Benfica, comes on.,0
Mbwana SamattaAston Villa · Striker #20Villa respond. Samatta has had a quiet game. Their new arrival Borja replaces him up front.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Striker #21Villa substitution. El Ghazi gets a deserved rest. Trezeguet replaces him.,0
Eric DierTottenham · Midfielder #15Tottenham also make a substitution. Dier goes off. Lo Celso comes on for him.,0
Danny DrinkwaterAston Villa · Midfielder #4Villa make their first change of the game. Drinkwater - who the game has largely passed by - is replaced by Nakamba.,0
Asst: J. GrealishGOAL! 2-2 VILLA! What a game this is, and what a simple goal for Tottenham to concede! Grealish sweeps the corner in from the left and Engels rises high to nod it past Lloris. ,1
OAL! 2-1 TOTTENHAM! Son is the one to take the penalty. Reina dives to his right to keep out the South Korean's shot but Son rushes in to scramble the rebound into the net. He becomes the first Asian player to score 50 Premier League goals!,1
sst: E. DierGOAL! 1-1 TOTTENHAM! Spurs' corner doesn't beat the first man but Villa can't clear it. Alderweireld makes up for his own goal by smashing the bouncing ball into the net on the turn from a tight angle!,1
Marvin Akpereogene Paul Edem EkpitetaBlackpool · Defender #21,0
Ramy BensebainiMönchengladbach · Defender #25Bensebaini was not expected to last the 90 minutes and has done well to make it this far up against Sane. Jantschke is on.,0
Jonas HofmannMönchengladbach · Midfielder #23Two-goal Hofmann is replaced by Wendt, hoping his team-mates can protect this advantage.,0
Lars StindlMönchengladbach · Striker #13Stindl played a huge part in Gladbach's fightback but has been on the fringes of the match since and makes way for Wolf.,0
Denis ZakariaMönchengladbach · Midfielder #8Zakaria has put in a good shift attempting to slow Davies but now makes way for Herrmann.,0
Douglas CostaBayern · Midfielder #11In need of a spark, Bayern move first. Costa is off for Coman on the left flank.,0
ule quickly follows Ginter with Bayern's first booking. He has endured a tough outing and wrestles the troublesome Embolo to the floor.,2
Ginter gets the game's first yellow card as he takes down Costa, who pushes the ball past his man on the Bayern left.,2
Asst: J. HofmannGOOAAALLLL!!! NEUHAUS! BEAUTY! Gladbach have turned this game around! It's 3-2! Remarkable. Once again, it comes from a loose pass out of defence. Gladbach attack at speed down the left and the ball ends up at the feet of Neuhaus 20 yards from goal to fire into the top-right corner. Brilliant!,1
Asst: L. StindlGOOAAALLLL!!! HOFMANN! IT STANDS! Hofmann's second gets Gladbach level! He races through and again beats Neuer with ease, and the subsequent flag is shown to be incorrect. 2-2!,1
Asst: L. StindlGOOAAALLLL!!! HOFMANN! Gladbach are back in this at 2-1! It is a lovely goal, with Bayern this time conceding possession inside their own half. Stindl sends through Hofmann to shoot low past Neuer.,1
Asst: L. SanéGOOAAALLLL!!! GORETZKA MAKES IT TWO! The midfielder lashes beyond Sommer from 20 yards. It is a powerful finish, but the ball appears to fizz just past Sommer, who does not react quick enough. 2-0 Bayern!,1
enalty GoalGOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI! The Bayern striker never looks like missing! There is a little skip in the run-up and Sommer goes the wrong way as Lewandowski fires inside the left-hand post for 1-0.,1
Castellanos takes the yellow-card count to 11 after going head-to-head with Geertruida and pushing the Feyenoord centre-back.,2
ake that 12 cautions. Somehow, Geetruida is shown a yellow card for his involvement in the scuffle with Castellanos. Tensions continue to rise at De Kuip.,2
et another yellow card. Guendouzi is the next player cautioned, once again for dissent towards the referee. That is now 10 bookings in this game.,2
Ramiz ZerroukiFeyenoord · Midfielder #6After a dominant performance, Zerrouki comes off for Lingr.,0
Guendouzi bundles through the back of Timber, offering Feyenoord a free-kick on the edge of the area. Zaccagni reacts furiously to the referee's decision and is cautioned for dissent.,2
enalty GoalGOOOOOOAL! LAZIO PULL ONE BACK! Pedro takes his time over the spot-kick before slotting into the bottom-left corner. Bijlow goes the right way but cannot stop the penalty. The Spaniard makes it back-to-back goals in the Champions League. Feyenoord's lead is cut to 3-1!,1
Santiago GiménezFeyenoord · Striker #29There will be no treble for Gimenez as the Feyenoord striker comes off to rapturous applause. Ueda takes his place.,0
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 3-0 FEYENOORD! A wonderful turn in the middle from Zerrouki creates space before he finds Jahanbakhsh, who centres towards the penalty spot. Timber’s first-time effort is saved well by Provedel, but Gimenez is there to tap in his second goal of the game. Lazio appeal for offside but the forward is well in line with last defender, and Slot’s side are heading for another three points in Europe!,1
Igor PaixãoFeyenoord · Striker #14It's an attacking change for Feyenoord despite their lead, as Jahanbakhsh takes the place of Paixao on the left flank.,0
Felipe AndersonLazio · Striker #7Sarri sends on Pedro, who scored the last-gasp winner against Celtic, for Anderson.,0
urther discipline follows from the referee after Vecino pulls back Timber, who was aiming to slide through for Gimenez. A yellow card for the Lazio midfielder is the punishment.,2
Romagnoli is cautioned for a late sliding challenge, although the referee plays advantage before pulling it back to show the yellow card to the centre-back.,2
artman is the next added to the referee's growing list of cautions after dragging back Anderson, who eased past the full-back on the right flank.,2
Ciro ImmobileLazio · Striker #17Immobile, who has struggled throughout the game, makes way for Castellanos. The Lazio captain does not seem happy with Sarri's decision.,0
Only on the pitch for a matter of minutes, Lopez is booked for a lunging tackle on Zaccagni. The Feyenoord substitute can perhaps feel that was a harsh decision there.,2
Bart NieuwkoopFeyenoord · Defender #2Lopez replaces Nieuwkoop as Slot also makes a change at the break.,0
Elseid HysajLazio · Defender #23Hysaj, who struggled against Paixao, also makes way for Lazzari during the interval.,0
Nicolò RovellaLazio · Midfielder #65Sarri wastes no time at the break. Guendouzi comes on for Rovella at half-time.,0
sst: C. StengsGOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 2-0 FEYENOORD! The hosts work possession patiently as Wieffer offloads to Stengs, who pulls a pass back from the byline on the right. Zerrouki is there waiting on the edge of the area and the midfielder curls a pinpoint right-footed finish into the top-left corner. Slot’s side are in complete control heading into the break!,1
The yellow cards continue to flow as Casale is the next to be cautioned for blocking the run of Gimenez, who was looking to play a quick one-two with Stengs.,2
Gimenez is the third name taken by the referee, who deems the Feyenoord striker has caught Casale late in an aerial challenge. The home side react with confusion as the forward appeared to have won the duel with ease, and in a fair fashion.,2
Asst: M. WiefferGOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-0 FEYENOORD! This one will count for Gimenez, and that will be a first Champions League goal that the VAR cannot take away! The forward receives a simple pass from Wieffer, spinning into the area past Casale before angling a left-footed finish into the bottom-left corner!,1
ieuwkoop follows Rovella into the referee's book after hacking down Zaccagni.,2
Rovella launches into a late lunge on Paixao and is deservedly shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: A. RobertsonIT IS A THIRD! GAME OVER! Cody Gakpo makes it 3-1 and Liverpool are finishing this game in style. The Dutchman is there waiting to nod in Robertson's cross and he gets enough power to beat Grbic. It is a great finish. Liverpool should be home and dry now.,1
Mason HolgateSheffield United · Defender #30A defensive substitution here. Holgate makes way for Slimane and he may have a lot of work to do in the final few moments of this match.,0
cBurnie picks up a yellow card, and it is an easy decision. He elbows Konate and when Attwell shows him the card he can't really complain. He still did though.,2
Auston TrustySheffield United · Midfielder #5Wilder responds to that setback with a change, Brooks is coming on for Trusty.,0
Asst: L. DíazOH WOW! IT IS AN ABSOLUTE CRACKER AND LIVERPOOL GO AHEAD 2-1! Alexis Mac Allister with the strike and it has a huge implication on the title race. He catches a loose ball and sends an unsavable shot from the edge of the area, into the top corner. Liverpool lead the table again.,1
Dominik SzoboszlaiLiverpool · Midfielder #8Jones also gets 17 minutes to make an impact as he replaces Szoboszlai. Time is ticking by and can these subs be the difference?,0
Joe GomezLiverpool · Defender #2With Liverpool still struggling to open Sheffield United up, Klopp makes more substitutes. Gakpo enters the pitch for Gomez.,0
Ben Brereton DíazSheffield United · Striker #11There is also a new look attack here, with Osula making his way on the pitch in the place of Brereton Diaz.,0
James McAteeSheffield United · Striker #28McAtee had a great chance in the opening minute, but couldn't really leave his mark on the game and is replaced by McBurnie.,0
Gustavo HamerSheffield United · Midfielder #8Wilder also makes a batch of changes. Hamer injured himself in the equaliser and he comes off for Osborn.,0
Ryan GravenberchLiverpool · Midfielder #38Klopp also turns to Robertson, and he replaces Gravenberch, which means Gomez might go into midfield.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Klopp has made a big call here. He has replaced Salah with Elliott, let's see if he can get Liverpool back in front.,0
OAAAL! WHAT A SLICE OF LUCK! Grbic won't want to see that again. He dawdles on the ball which allows Nunez to close him down and the keeper whacks it against the striker and it bobbles in. It was a gift but Nunez didn't care, he ran off in celebration like he scored a worldie. It is 1-0 to Liverpool and they return to the top of the table for now.,1
Serrano is booked late in the match for a cynical challenge on Barja.,2
Asst: KokeCORREA ADDS A THIRD! The substitute adds insult to injury after latching onto Koke's prodded pass in midfield and volleying an effort past Sergio Herrera with the inside of his foot! 3-0!,1
Ignacio Vidal MirallesOsasuna · Defender #2Martinez comes on for Osasuna, who remain behind by two goals. Vidal is chosen to come off.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Atletico Madrid youth product Serrano gets a chance to show his stuff with Carrasco making way.,0
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7A defensive switch from Simeone sees Felix brought off for Hermoso - a centre-back.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Correa gets nine minutes to stretch his legs as Llorente's match is over.,0
Manu SánchezOsasuna · Defender #39Sanchez is brought off with just under 15 minutes left with Cote sent on in his place.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Suarez is taken off after notching Atletico's second as Simeone opts to reinforce the midfield through Kondogbia.,0
Darko BrašanacOsasuna · Midfielder #8An alteration in midfield sees Torres replace Brasanac.,0
Rubén García SantosOsasuna · Midfielder #14Barja is on for Ruben Garcia as Osasuna make a number of changes.,0
Ezequiel ÁvilaOsasuna · Midfielder #9Kike Garcia is on for Avila as Arrasate continues to search for an answer.,0
sst: J. FélixATLETICO MADRID DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Goals don’t get more simple than that, as the visitors turn defending a set-piece into a goal! Felix clears Ruben Garcia’s corner-kick and puts it directly into the path of Suarez in midfield. With the goalkeeper off his line and outside his penalty area and the defence all over the place, the Uruguay international takes a touch to set himself before launching a shot from almost halfway that nestles into the bottom of the goal!,1
Vrsaljko catches the foot of Ruben Garcia, who goes down in pain immediately. It's a yellow for the Atleti right-back, who doesn't protest the decision.,2
José María GiménezAtlético Madrid · Defender #2A change at half-time from Atletico Madrid sees Felipe enter the fray in Gimenez's place.,0
fter taking a minute to assess the situation, the referee produces a yellow card for the first time today - shown to Avila.,2
TLETICO TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It’s a much better corner from Carrasco, who swings the ball into the six-yard area from the left flag. Sergio Herrera comes to claim the ball but fumbles it under pressure from Suarez - which allows Felix to tuck the ball into the open goal!,1
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9A final Wolves change sees Jimenez run precious time off the clock as he makes the slow walk to the touchline to be replaced by Traore.,0
Gibbs-White becomes the second Wolves player booked in the span of a few minutes as he fouls Brownhill, awarding the hosts a free-kick in a dangerous position here.,2
Moutinho becomes the first Wolves player booked in the match as he takes out O'Dowda to halt a threatening move from Bristol City in its tracks.,2
Matt DohertyWolves · Midfielder #2A second Wolves change sees Doherty, who has played much less of a part in this second half than he did the first, replaced by Neves.,0
A smart turn from Jimenez on the end of a clever flick on from Gibbs-White nearly sees the striker burst through on goal, but he's dragged down by a very cynical challenge from Kalas who sees yellow.,2
Ivan CavaleiroWolves · Striker #7Wolves turn to the bench for the first time as Gibbs-White comes in to offer more defensive support in midfield, replacing Cavaleiro.,0
Kasey PalmerBristol City · Midfielder #45A final change from the hosts sees Paterson replace Palmer in attack. It's a last roll of the dice from Johnson as his side chase the leveller.,0
oncentrated pressure from the hosts as they clip in cross after cross, following a spell of good, patient build-up play. Wolves are first to every delivery, though, and as they look to break Wright puts in a hard challenge out of frustration and is issued the game's first yellow card for it.,2
Joe MorrellBristol City · Midfielder #28Morrell is withdrawn at the break, as part of a double change, but it's another defensive midfielder, Pack, who replaces him. Not the most adventurous change from Johnson, though Pack does offer a bit more playmaking skill from that deep-lying role.,0
Niclas EliassonBristol City · Midfielder #19Taylor is the other man to enter the fray, replacing Eliasson in attack. Taylor has three goals to his name in the Championship this season.,0
sst: M. DohertyWOLVES HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! Doherty was nothing short of excellent for them in the previous round and he's at it again here, driving down the right flank, beating his man and bursting into the penalty area before picking out the perfect pull-back for Cavaleiro who passes a first-time finish beyond Fielding!,1
Torres follows Dias into the book and clips the ankles of Lo Celso.,2
ias gets frustrated and brings down Kane with a loose challenge.,2
Toby AlderweireldTottenham · Defender #4Alderweireld makes way with an apparent groin injury and is replaced by Rodon in the middle of the Tottenham backline.,0
Steven BergwijnTottenham · Midfielder #23Lucas replaces Bergwijn on the left flank. Fresh legs for Spurs in the final third.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Silva makes way for Foden in the middle of the park.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Sterling replaces Mahrez, who has been underwhelming this evening.,0
Asst: H. KaneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LO CELSO MAKES A HUGE IMPACT!!!!! 2-0!!! Spurs notch a second goal as the substitute scores with his first touch. Kane releases the Argentine into the left inside channel with a precise offload. Lo Celso takes a good first touch and slides his low strike into the bottom-right corner past the onrushing Ederson, Spurs have control of the game now.,1
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Ndombele makes in the Tottenham midfield and is replaced by Lo Celso.,0
Sissoko stops City from taking a free-kick quickly and goes into the book.,2
sst: T. NdombeleGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SON PUTS SPURS AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!! Out of nowhere the home side take the lead through a composed finish from Son. Ndombele catches the City defence cold with a floated ball over the top. Son takes a neat first touch and charges into the box. Ederson commits himself, but the forward slots a low strike through the Brazilian into the back of the net. What a start for Spurs.,1
raujo's frustration gets the better of him as he shoves Portu over in an off-the-ball incident. He picks up a late booking.,2
he referee thinks Stuani overdid the celebration, and he earns a costly booking that will see him miss the next game.,2
sst: SávioSTUANI SCORES! That seals it for Girona! They won a free-kick just inside their own half which is lifted out to Savio on the right and the Barcelona defenders are standing watching him. He dinks it into the far post, and the hosts realise too late that Stuani is unmarked as he cushions it over the line. What an end to the game! 4-2 Girona!,1
Asst: F. TorresGUNDOGAN SCORES! It's a good move from Barcelona out from the back, with Yamal leading the attack down the right before threading it into Torres. He tees up Gundogan first time, and he does well to turn Eric Garcia before rifling his shot past a diving Gazzaniga. They have about four minutes - can they snatch something late on? 3-2!,1
Iván MartínGirona · Midfielder #23Final change for Girona now as Solis is brought on in place of Martin.,0
Asst: C. StuaniVALERY SCORES! What an impact by the substitute! Just two minutes after coming on, he makes it 3-1 to Girona! Gazzaniga goes long from a kick, and Stuani gets in front of Araujo to nod it down. Valery wants it more than Kounde, who only half-committed to the challenge, and the substitute slotted it past Pena and into the bottom corner.,1
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #8There's another change for Barca here as Fermin is brought on for Pedri.,0
Yan CoutoGirona · Midfielder #20And Couto is also making way, with Valery on in his place.,0
Viktor TsyhankovGirona · Midfielder #8Girona's second change is a double one. Tsygankov hasn't been able to make as big an impact in the second half and is replaced by Portu.,0
Artem DovbykGirona · Striker #9Girona are making their first change now, and it's Dovbyk, who scored the opening goal, who's going off for Stuani.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #11And there's a straight swap at right wing as well as Torres comes on to replace Raphinha.,0
João FélixBarcelona · Striker #14Joao Felix is also taken off, with 16-year-old Yamal coming on for him.,0
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Xavi is making a triple change as he looks to get his side back into this game. The first to go off is Christensen, with Balde on for him.,0
Blind slid in with a late tackle on Raphinha earlier in the Barcelona attack. The referee played the advantage but has now gone back to show the Dutchman the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: I. MartínGUTIERREZ SCORES! Girona retake the lead! Martin plays a couple of one-twos with Aleix Garcia before deciding to sweep it out to Gutierrez down the left. He drops a shoulder to wrongfoot Kounde as he cuts inside, and the space just opens up in front of him. He takes on the shot from just inside the box before curling it past Pena at the near post. 2-1 Girona!,1
sst: RaphinhaLEWANDOWSKI EQUALISES! Girona couldn't clear their lines after the latest attack and ended up giving away a corner. It's a great delivery by Raphinha onto the edge of the six-yard box, and Lewandowski rises high to thump a powerful header into the far bottom corner. 1-1!,1
sst: V. TsygankovDOVBYK SCORES! It's a simple long ball forward that catches Barcelona out as Couto slides it forward for Tsygankov. He does get a bit of luck as Christensen slips trying to clear it, leaving him with acres of space to attack. He gets into the box before squaring it to Dovbyk, whose first-time shot hits the inside of the post to bounce into the bottom corner. 1-0 Girona!,1
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77That chance was Kvaratskhelia's last involvement in the game as Ngonge replaces him for the final minute or so.,0
sst: S. RobertoLEWANDOWSKI SCORES! Roberto cuts inside from the left, playing a one-two with Gundogan to open a pocket of space in the box. He could go for goal himself, but he unselfishly squares it to Lewandowski, who is left with a simple tap-in into the bottom corner. That should just about do it now, with Barca 3-1 up!,1
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #11Raphinha was a doubt coming into this game due to an ankle injury, but he's lasted just over 80 minutes before being taken off. Joao Felix is brought on to replace him.,0
Hamed TraorèNapoli · Midfielder #8Napoli are making their third change now, and it's Traore, who is on a yellow card, that's going off for Raspadori.,0
Rui had the beating of Yamal before going off, but Olivera doesn't have the same luck. His first involvement is a heavy tackle on the youngster, and he goes into the book.,2
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Napoli are making a double change of their own now. Politano, who has looked a real threat down the right, goes off for Lindstrom.,0
Mário RuiNapoli · Defender #6And Rui is also taken off, with Olivera on in his place.,0
raore takes out his frustration at another attack breaking down on Gundogan, and he picks up a yellow card.,2
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Midfielder #15And Christensen is also taken off, with Romeu coming on for him.,0
Fermín LópezBarcelona · Midfielder #32Xavi is making the first changes of the game as he looks to regain the control they had in the early periods of the game. Fermin, who scored the opening goal, goes off for Roberto.,0
he ball is never there for Jesus, and he stretches out a leg to try and win it off Gundogan, only to catch the midfielder. He gets a yellow card for it.,2
Rui knocks it past Yamal, who gets drawn in by the defender and sweeps his leg from under him. He's the second Barcelona man into the book.,2
Asst: M. PolitanoRRAHMANI PULLS ONE BACK! Out of nowhere, Napoli are back in this game! Traore slides it forward for Politano, and he pushes past Cancelo so he can pull it back from the byline. Rrahmani, who came up from the back, has acres of space in the box, and he side-foots a composed finish past Ter Stegen into the bottom left corner. 2-1!,1
While Lobotka is down receiving treatment, the referee shows Christensen a yellow card for his poor challenge on the midfielder.,2
ANCELO SCORES! And just like that, Barcelona double their lead! Napoli committed bodies forward as they pushed for a quick equaliser, and they left themselves exposed. The hosts counter quickly, and Raphinha cuts inside from the left before curling his shot against the far post. Cancelo is following in though, and he drills his first-time shot into the net. 2-0 Barca!,1
Asst: RaphinhaFERMIN SCORES! This time, he takes his chance! Cancelo is hugging the left touchline, and he slides a good throughball to pick out Raphinha's run ahead of him. He isn't picked up and pulls it back into the middle. Lewandowski lets it run to Fermin, who is also unmarked, and he coolly slots it past Meret and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Barca!,1
bappe's frustration from both this game, and the World Cup final no doubt, turn into elation, to the extent that he's booked by the referee for celebrating excessively!,2
enalty GoalGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Ice. Cold! Mbappe trudges up to the spot, and as he did on three separate occasions in the World Cup final, nestles the ball in the back of the net to score for PSG!!! We're beyond added time, meaning that goal should win it for the hosts, 2-1!,1
El Chadaille BitshiabuPSG · Defender #31Bitshiabu has impressed in his stint at left-back, and comes off now for Achraf Hakimi, who played a massive part in Morocco's march to the semi-finals of the World Cup as they became the first African nation to reach the last four.,0
Habib DiarraStrasbourg · Midfielder #19A double change coming for Strasbourg, with the first seeing Diarra come off for Ibrahima Sissoko.,0
Kevin GameiroStrasbourg · Striker #9The visitors' next change sees Gameiro withdrawn for Habibou Diallo, as Strasbourg look to claim three points late in the day at the Parc des Princes.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Vitinha is also withdrawn, with Soler's fellow Spain international Pablo Sarabia replacing him for Les Parisiens.,0
Hugo EkitikePSG · Striker #44Ekitike comes off in PSG's first change, and Carlos Soler enters the fray as the hosts look to find a winner.,0
Sanjin PrcićStrasbourg · Midfielder #14Prcic comes off in the first substitution of the game, and he's replaced in midfield by Jean-Eudes Aholou.,0
RED CARD!!! Neymar is off!! PSG work the ball forward and Mbappe's throughball into the box is latched onto by the Brazilian, but he goes down claiming a penalty from Djiku's challenge. However, there is no contact whatsoever and the referee books him for diving, and his second yellow card in as many minutes means Neymar is sent off!,3
Neymar looks to escape Thomasson's relentless pressing, but catches the Strasbourg man in the face and is shown a yellow card.,2
erratti clips the heels of Thomasson as the Strasbourg playmaker advances, and the PSG midfielder picks up his side's first yellow card of the game.,2
Nyamsi flies through the back of Neymar as the Brazilian turns on the ball, and the Strasbourg defender picks up the first booking of this match.,2
sst: NeymarGOOOOAAALLL!!! There's the opener!!! Neymar whips in a threatening cross from the free-kick, and Marquinhos drifts behind his marker to get a free header which he directs straight into the back of the net! It's certainly been on the cards, but that was so easy for the PSG captain, whose side now leads 1-0!,1
For tangling with Mina inside the Everton half, Daka is booked by the referee.,2
sst: J. RondónEVERTON EQUALISE! Finally, it comes good for Richarlison, as after Coleman misses a great chance, the ball is recycled and the Everton striker turns the ball into the bottom corner with a deflected finish. That's 1-1 with just minutes to play! Everton have surely rescued a point!,1
A hopelessly mistimed tackle by Alli on Maddison earns the Everton midfielder a yellow card - that was an awful challenge.,2
Nampalys MendyLeicester City · Midfielder #24Mendy makes way for Amartey in a like-for-like swap.,0
Taking Daka down with a reckless late tackle, Mina is the latest player to receive a yellow card.,2
Kelechi IheanachoLeicester City · Striker #14Iheanacho is taken off by Rodgers, with Daka thrown on to provide some fresh legs up front.,0
or his rugged challenge on Maddison while the two players contested the ball in the air, Richarlison is booked.,2
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Midfielder #7Former Everton winger Lookman is the latest substitute to be introduced; Barnes makes way.,0
Demarai GrayEverton · Striker #11Everton make a second change, as Gray is replaced by a more conventional centre-forward threat - the experienced Rondon.,0
AllanEverton · Midfielder #6Lampard has decided to make a change in midfield, as Allan makes way for Alli - an attacking move by the Everton manager.,0
EICESTER LEAD! Cutting the ball back from the right byline, Maddison tries to pick out Iheanacho in the centre of the area. The latter can't force the ball goalwards, but it deflects towards Barnes, who then sweeps the ball into the bottom corner, leaving Pickford stranded. Already, it's 1-0 to Leicester!,1
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7Jesus replaces Sterling for the home side.,0
Lys MoussetSheffield United · Striker #22Mousset makes way for the visitors and is replaced by Sharp.,0
Asst: R. MahrezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DE BRUYNE FINDS THE NET!!! 2-0!!! City double their advantage courtesy of a clinical finish from the Belgian. Mahrez leads a break up field and cannot be stopped by Egan. He offloads to De Bruyne in the left inside channel. The midfielder takes a touch to get on to his right foot before drilling his effort low into the bottom-left corner.,1
Sergio AgüeroMan City · Striker #10Foden replaces Aguero for the home side.,0
Muhamed BešićSheffield United · Midfielder #27McBurnie comes on to the pitch to replace Besic. Wilder is going for it now.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Gundogan replaces Silva for the home side in the middle of the park.,0
Callum RobinsonSheffield United · Striker #11McGoldrick replaces Robinson in the final third for the Blades.,0
Asst: K. De BruyneGOALLLLLLLL!!!!!! AGUERO PUTS CITY AHEAD!!!! 1-0!! Aguero hammers home a strike into the roof of the net, but the visitors are fuming with the referee. The official gets in the way of a pass out from the back to Fleck and the ball rolls towards De Bruyne. He works a pass to Aguero, who smashes his effort past Henderson. It's a quality finish from the Argentine, but Wilder will be furious even though VAR confirms that goal.,1
Maitland-Niles brings down Hudson-Odoi and goes into the book for his challenge.,2
sst: WillianGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! WHAT A COMEBACK FROM CHELSEA!!! ABRAHAM FIRES THE BLUES AHEAD!!! 2-1!!! Chelsea produce a brilliant goal on the counter to take the lead. An Arsenal attack peters out and Abraham carries the ball forward with pace. He offloads to Willian in space down the right inside channel and the Brazilian cuts it back to his team-mate in the middle. Abraham turns Mustafi and holds his composure to fire a low strike through the legs of Leno into the net.,1
Reiss NelsonArsenal · Midfielder #24Pepe comes on for the closing stages to replace Nelson.,0
sst: M. MountGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! A HOWLER FROM LENO ALLOWS CHELSEA TO EQUALISE!!! 1-1!!! The Blues are back in the game as Jorginho taps home at the back post. Mount whips a free-kick into the box and it should be an easy claim or punch from the German. However, he misses the ball completely, allowing it to travel to an unmarked Jorginho. The midfielder takes a touch before slotting the ball into an empty net. A nightmare for the Arsenal keeper.,1
orginho commits a foul in the middle of the park to pull back Guendouzi. Arsenal appeal to the referee to give the midfielder his second booking and a red card. Lacazette vents his frustration at the official for not doing it and is himself booked.,2
Mesut ÖzilArsenal · Midfielder #10Ozil is withdrawn for Willock in the middle of the park.,0
Torreira pulls back Mount after losing possession and goes into the book.,2
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Hudson-Odoi is on for Kovacic to offer a direct threat for the Blues.,0
Fikayo TomoriChelsea · Defender #29Tomori is replaced on the right flank by Lamptey.,0
orginho pulls back Lacazette as the Frenchman runs down the left flank. The referee books him for a cynical challenge.,2
David Luiz brings down Willian on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Emerson PalmieriChelsea · Midfielder #33Lampard has seen enough and alters the shape of his team. Emerson is withdrawn for Jorginho. Azpilicueta will drop into left-back and Tomori out to right-back.,0
helsea receive another booking as Rudiger clips Torreira's ankles. ,2
ante follows Mount into the book for pulling back Torreira. It's not going Chelsea's way at the moment.,2
Mount catches Maitland-Niles late twice in the space of five minutes. The referee punishes him for the second incident, booking the midfielder.,2
Calum ChambersArsenal · Defender #21Chambers hobbles off under his own steam, but is replaced by Mustafi in the middle of the Arsenal backline.,0
Asst: C. ChambersGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! AUBAMEYANG HEADS ARSENAL IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!!! Aubameyang pounces from close range to put the Gunners into a deserved lead. Ozil's corner is flicked on by Chambers at the near post. Aubameyang is the first player to react as he gets ahead of Emerson before stooping to power a header past Kepa into the back of the net. The perfect start for Arteta.,1
Guendouzi is booked for his lunge on Willian. He will have to be careful now.,2
Moussa DiabyPSG · Striker #27Diaby entered the match in the 105th minute, and will be replaced by Nkunku at the 120th after the red card.,0
BAPPE IS SENT OFF! With two minutes remaining, the referee correctly shows the France international a straight red card for a horrible tackle on Da Silva near the Rennes corner flag. It was a dangerously high step into the shin of the centre-back. It’s a potentially leg-breaking challenge, which will see Mbappe play no further part in the cup final!    ,3
After the fracas is cleared and Neymar rises to his feet, the referee opts to indeed book Lea Siliki for the foul. ,2
Bensebaini is shown a yellow card for handball with less than 10 minutes left in the match.  ,2
Niang is shown a yellow card for using an elbow during an aerial duel with Kimpembe.   ,2
Benjamin BourigeaudRennes · Midfielder #14Rennes make a change at half-time in extra time, as Bourigeaud is replaced by Lea Siliki.  ,0
Colin DagbaPSG · Defender #31Dagba is replaced by Diaby with 15 minutes remaining in the match before penalties. ,0
Andre is booked – taking their tally to four as the captain goes into a sliding tackle on Neymar which takes the Brazil international down.,2
aredes goes into the referee’s book as he is cautioned for a scissoring slide tackle in midfield. It’s the seventh yellow of the match – PSG’s fourth.,2
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23Tuchel makes a change before extra time, as Draxler is replaced by Cavani to add extra attacking threat. ,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11The first substitution of the match is made by Tuchel, who replaces one Argentina international with another, as Di Maria is withdrawn for Paredes.  ,0
Bourigeaud has been involved in every aspect of the game, including defensively as he picks up a yellow for a foul on Neymar.   ,2
exer goes from goal scorer to booked as he takes Alves down just outside his own penalty area with a high boot – earning a yellow card giving PSG a free-kick within Neymar’s range.   ,2
sst: C. GrenierRENNES HAVE EQUALISED THANKS TO MEXER! 2-2! PSG are made to pay for their lackadaisical defending in the second half as the corner, swung in by Grenier, is met by a leaping Mexer – who easily beat Marquinhos to the ball. It’s the slightest of touches – but just enough contact to change the flight of the ball and confuse Areola!  ,1
Bensebaini looks to get around Di Maria and enter the penalty area, but when the Argentina international’s sliding challenge doesn’t work – he uses his hand to take down his opponent – earning him a yellow card.,2
Neymar is shown a yellow card for taking down Bensebaini during an attempt to win back the ball.,2
nother tackle goes flying in as tempers flare – though this time a card will be produced. Verratti’s early, two-footed challenge on Andre is deemed to be dangerous play, and worthy of a yellow.  ,2
renier runs through the back of Di Maria and receives a yellow card for his infringement. The foul drags play to a halt once again, as the Argentina international is down receiving treatment.,2
Asst: A. Di MaríaNEYMAR MAKES IT 2-0 PSG WITH A SCOOPED FINISH! It all looks a bit too easy for Paris who double their advantage after Ben Arfa’s pass is intercepted by Alves. The counter-attack flows through Di Maria who quickly looks up and slips a pass through the lines for Neymar, the Brazil international entering the penalty area before lifting the ball over the onrushing goalkeeper and into the back of the net!,1
Asst: NeymarWHAT A PHENOMENAL GOAL FROM ALVES! 1-0 to PSG thanks to a STUNNING strike from outside the penalty area! Neymar’s corner falls to the foot of Alves who smashes a volley into the bottom-left corner of the goal! It’s hit with pace and power, not to mention extreme accuracy as it sneaks past the outstretched hand of Koubek! The holders have opened the scoring!  ,1
Houssem AouarLyon · Midfielder #8The outstanding Aouar's influence has waned just a little in the closing stages, and he's replaced by a defender in Marcelo to see out the game.,0
Asst: M. CornetGOAL!! TRAORE HAS SURELY WON IT FOR LYON! Cornet steps inside from the left and is felled on the edge of the box, but it breaks for Traore on the right side of the area. The momentum of the move looked to have been lost, but the winger cuts inside his marker and ruthlessly curls into the bottom-left corner! What a finish! It's now 3-1 to Lyon!,1
Asst: PizziGOAL!! Benfica have one back! Seferovic makes a run in behind Denayer and latches onto a long ball from Pizzi before slotting the ball emphatically into the bottom-right corner, but the flag goes up for offside against the striker! It looked a very tight call and, following a VAR check, the goal is given! It's 2-1!,1
Franco CerviBenfica · Midfielder #11Cervi, who has had a quiet night, is Lage's final man to be replaced, with Pizzi coming on for him.,0
Jeff Reine-AdélaïdeLyon · Midfielder #17Former Arsenal man Reine-Adelaide makes way for ex-Chelsea forward Traore in Lyon's second change. He goes out to the right, with Cornet switching to the left and Aouar shuffling into the middle.,0
Luis commits a foul and thought he had gotten away with it as advantage was played, but the referee returns to the incident and books the young holding midfielder.,2
Gedson FernandesBenfica · Midfielder #83Lage makes an interesting half-time change, with Fernandes - who had looked bright - being replaced by a striker in Seferovic.,0
Memphis DepayLyon · Midfielder #11Lyon also make a change at the break and it's a blow for the hosts, with Depay withdrawn for Cornet. The Dutchman must be suffering with an injury of some sort.,0
ires picks up a belated booking after the referee had played advantage for a foul on Tousart. ,2
Asst: H. AouarGOAL!! DEPAY MAKES IT 2-0 TO LYON!! Aouar does superbly down the left before cutting back to Depay in the centre of the box, and the forward thumps emphatically home to double Lyon's advantage! ,1
FerroBenfica · Defender #97Ferro is now stretchered off and will be replaced by Jardel at the heart of the Benfica defence.,0
sst: L. DuboisWhat a start for Lyon! Dubois delivers a wonderful cross from the right, which falls in between Vlachodimos and Benfica's defenders. Andersen gets there first, and thumps in a brilliant header. It's 1-0 to the home side!,1
Sergio CanalesReal Betis · Midfielder #10The final change for Betis sees Tello coming on to make his final appearance for the club as he replaces Canales.,0
Nabil FekirReal Betis · Midfielder #8And Fekir is also going off, with Joaquin coming on to make his 600th LaLiga appearance.,0
JuanmiReal Betis · Midfielder #7Betis are making another double change here. Juanmi is the first to go off, with Iglesias replacing him.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Isco, who is also playing his final home match for the club, replaces Rodrygo.,0
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Triple change for Madrid now. Marcelo, who is making his last appearance at the Santiago Bernabeu, comes on to a warm reception in place of Mendy.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10And Modric is the other player going off, with Ceballos coming on for him.,0
Willian JoséReal Betis · Striker #12And Jose is also taken off, with Rodri coming on in his place.,0
Andrés GuardadoReal Betis · Midfielder #18Betis are making a double change now. Guardado is the first to make way, with Carvalho on to replace him.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8And Kroos is also taken off, with Valverde on for him.,0
CasemiroReal Madrid · Midfielder #14There's a double change for Madrid at the start o the second half. Casemiro is the first to go off, with Camavinga replacing him.,0
Jakub ModerBrighton · Midfielder #15Moder makes way for Propper after a brilliant attacking performance from the left flank.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Welbeck is replaced by Zeqiri up top.,0
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Midfielder #11Trossard is replaced by Mac Allister after a brilliant display in attack capped off with a goal and an assist.,0
sst: P. GroßMAUPAY! 3-0! Maupay wraps it up by directing Gross' powerful cross into the bottom corner with an acrobatic volley from eight yards!,1
ummett's late challenge on Gross is punished with a yellow card. ,2
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock is replaced by Murphy as Newcastle desperately search for a way back into this game.,0
Asst: L. TrossardWELBECK! 2-0! Trossard switches it out towards Welbeck on the left wing, and the attacker cuts inside and belts a curling effort across Dubravka and into the bottom corner from 25 yards!,1
Asst: J. VeltmanTROSSARD! 1-0! Trossard latches onto Veltman's long pass upfield and he takes it down, before darting inside and whipping a low, right-footed finish across Dubravka and into the bottom corner from 20 yards!,1
Isaac HaydenNewcastle · Midfielder #14Hayden is replaced by Hendrick after suffering an injury.,0
Asst: R. GuerreiroGOALLLL! MALEN SCORES! 4-2 BAYERN! Dortmund get another goal back. Malen gets the ball on the left this time and plays a quick one-two with Guerreiro. His effort is tame, but it rolls right into the bottom corner with Moukoko deciding not to poke it in.,1
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Straight swap in Bayern's midfield with Gravenberch replacing Goretzka.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Coman has a goal to his name and is now being given a rest. Musiala has the final 11 minutes in a rotated Bayern attack.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Bayern make two changes. Tuchel decides to take off Davies who has been a constant threat on the left. Cancelo makes an appearance of the bench.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLL! CAN SCORES! 4-1 BAYERN! Muted celebrations from the Dortmund man and the fans, but the away side have a goal back. The midfielder finds the top corner, beating Sommer who goes the right way.,1
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Muller is one goal away from a hat-trick but is taken off. Gnabry replaces him in the attack.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Choupo-Moting has been an excellent target man for Bayern and was denied a spectacular goal by the offside flag in the second half. He is now coming off with Mane entering the pitch.,0
pamecano goes into the book after a late tackle on Bellingham.,2
Marco ReusDortmund · Midfielder #11Dortmund make their final two changes of the game. Haller has struggled to make an impact in Dortmund's attack and is replaced by Moukoko.,0
Asst: L. SanéGOALLLLL! COMAN SCORES! 4-0! That is the best goal of the game by some distance. Roman picks the ball up on the left and switches the play with a phenomenal pass out to Sane. The winger drives inside with it, playing it back across to Coman who makes up the ground to get in the box and poke his effort past Kobel.,1
Julian RyersonDortmund · Defender #26Dortmund make two changes before the restart. Ryerson is off with Ozcan taking his place.,0
Julian BrandtDortmund · Midfielder #19Edin Terzic also decides to take off Brandt. Malen is given the responsibility to make an impact on the right in the second half.,0
Nico SchlotterbeckDortmund · Defender #4Former Bayern defender Hummels is coming on just before the break. He replaces Schlotterbeck who is forced off through injury.,0
GOALLLL! MULLER HAS ANOTHER! 3-0 BAYERN! Is it game over already? Sane cuts in from the right and unleashes a curling effort towards the goal. Kobel pushes the initial effort away, but Muller reacts the quickest to shoot in the rebound from close range.,1
Asst: M. de LigtGOALLLLL! MULLER SCORES! 2-0 BAYERN! What a start from the home side. A corner from the right is met by De Ligt who powers his header into the floor. Muller beats the offside trap, getting on the end of it and turning the ball into the net from close range.,1
Can is furious with the referee. He jumps into a tackle with Kimmich and is given the first yellow card of the game.,2
Leandro ParedesJuventus · Midfielder #32Paredes' Juventus debut draws to a close, as he's replaced by Nicolo Fagioli for the final few minutes.,0
Antonín BarákFiorentina · Midfielder #72Barak is the next Viola man to come off, as Szymon Zurkowski enters the fray.,0
Luka JovićFiorentina · Striker #7Jovic's missed penalty would've been the difference at the moment, had it gone in of course, and a frustrating match for the striker comes to an end as he's replaced by Arthur Cabral.,0
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Another change coming for Juve, with Sandro withdrawn for Leonardo Bonucci. He'll likely fill in at centre-back, pushing Danilo out onto the left side.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Defender #11Cuadrado also comes off for the Old Lady, with Fabio Miretti introduced from the bench.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Striker #17Kostic is the next Bianconeri player to come off, and is replaced in attack by Moise Kean.,0
Youssef MalehFiorentina · Midfielder #14Maleh has been busy in the middle of the park, and comes off now for Rolando Mandragora. Mandragora scored a late winner in Fiorentina's only win so far this season. An ominous substitution?,0
Christian KouaméFiorentina · Striker #99Kouame's exceptional match comes to an end also, as he makes way for Jonathan Ikone.,0
Nikola MilenkovićFiorentina · Defender #4Milenkovic comes off in Fiorentina's first change, and is replaced at centre-back by Lucas Martinez Quarta.,0
ouame comes away with the ball on the counter after a Juventus attack is thwarted, but Danilo flies straight into him in a tackle more likely to be seen on a rugby pitch! The Brazilian defender is rightfully booked by the referee.,2
ocatelli's forward pass goes astray and Maleh comes back with the ball. He's chopped down by the Juve midfielder, with Locatelli being shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Ángel Di MaríaJuventus · Striker #22Di Maria comes off at half-time after a quiet first 45 minutes, and full-back Mattia De Sciglio will replace him.,0
Dodo looks to turn Sandro, and is almost successful, but the Juve left-back catches him late and is penalised and booked by the referee.,2
Asst: R. SottilGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! La Viola equalise!!!! Terracciano gets a good punch on the corner and Locatelli can't get control of the ball. It drops to Sottil, who splits the backtracking Juve defence with a throughball to Kouame, who races clear and slots the ball beyond the onrushing Perin and into the back of the net! 1-1 in Florence, and it's game on.,1
Milik knocks the ball past Amrabat as he looks to spark a counter-attack, and is subsequently floored off the ball by the Moroccan, who can have no complaints when the referee shows him a yellow card!,2
Asst: F. KostićGOOOOAAAALLLL!!! There's the opener!!! Cuadrado's cross from the byline is met by Kostic deep in the box, who volleys the ball back towards goal where Milik is waiting to stab it home! A real poacher's finish from the striker, and it's 1-0 with nine minutes gone!,1
Sven BenderLeverkusen · Defender #5Leverkusen are resorting to throwing the kitchen sink at Atletico now. Sven Bender off, Dragovic on.,0
Kerem DemirbayLeverkusen · Midfielder #10Leverkusen substitution. Demirbay is sacrificed to make way for the Argentine striker Alario.,0
sst: R. LodiGOAL! 1-0 ATLETICO! Morata latches onto Lodi's cross from the left and powers a header past Hradecky in the Leverkusen goal from the centre of the six yard box. The keeper dives the right way but can't keep it out! That is typical Atletico.,1
Kai HavertzLeverkusen · Midfielder #29Leverkusen substitution. Havertz off, Paulinho - the teenage forward one - on.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Atletico make their final change. It's Koke who'll make way for Morata.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Simeone has seen enough. Correa leaves the pitch. Lemar replaces him for Atletico.,0
oke's first touch lets him down and he earns himself a yellow card by sliding into a tackle on Havertz. The referee urges the players to calm down. The officials have been decent so far.,2
Leverkusen can't do much with the free-kick, and Bellarabi fluffs his header to keep the pressure on. Atletico attempt to break and Bellarabi crudely brings Correa down. It's a deserved booking.,2
Asst: K. DoumbiaGOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! REIMS HAVE STOLEN A POINT AT THE DEATH! Balogun rounds Donnarumma to net the most dramatic of equalisers! PSG look to be on the brink of victory as a free-kick is hoisted downfield, but Doumbia wins possession to poke a fine pass in behind. Balogun races onto it before keeping his cool to beat the PSG goalkeeper and apply the finish. It's 1-1!,1
Donnarumma is booked for time-wasting before hammering the free-kick upfield. Is there to be one last chance for the visitors?,2
NeymarPSG · Midfielder #10Now Galtier decides to withdraw one of his front three as Neymar is replaced by Zaire-Emery, who will make up a three-man midfield with Pereira and Sanches. The Brazil forward looks likely to end up as the matchwinner.,0
Junya ItoReims · Midfielder #39Van Bergen is on for Ito, whose direct running led to Verratti's red card.,0
Jens CajusteReims · Midfielder #8Lopy replaces Cajuste for Reims, as Still decides to make another double change.,0
Marshall MunetsiReims · Midfielder #15Doumbia replaces Munetsi as Reims look to inject some attacking impetus.,0
Alexis FlipsReims · Midfielder #70Meanwhile, Zeneli is on in place of Flips, who has been lively throughout for Reims. Still will hope these changes make the difference.,0
Fabián RuizPSG · Midfielder #8Sanches is the next man introduced by Galtier, in place of Fabian.,0
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #28Soler is the man sacrificed by Galtier as PSG look to shore things up after the red card. Pereira is on in his place.,0
ED CARD FOR VERRATTI! An astonishing phase of play ends with the PSG substitute being sent off! Verratti was shown a yellow card in the aftermath of the penalty appeal for a heavy challenge on Ito in the build-up. However, a VAR review ends with referee Ruddy Buquet being sent to the monitor, and he deems the Italian's challenge to be a dangerous one. It's a straight red!,3
Asst: J. BernatGOAL! NEYMAR PUTS PSG AHEAD! PSG get the breakthrough, as Neymar finishes coolly following a fortuitous deflection. Messi dances past a challenge before letting fly from 18 yards out. His shot hits Bernat and lands at Neymar's feet, allowing the Brazilian to round Diouf and finish high into the roof of the net. 1-0!,1
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17PSG have opted to make a change at the break, bringing on Verratti for Vitinha in midfield. Galtier will hope the Italy international can provide a spark – he scored twice in this fixture last term.,0
Neymar is sent sprawling by a sliding challenge from Ito, who becomes the first Reims player to be booked. That looked harsh, with the Japan winger appearing to have won the ball.,2
SG are put on the back foot after Neymar loses possession 20 yards from goal. Ito drives at Marquinhos and tempts the Brazil international into a foul, which earns him a yellow card.,2
enalty GoalMILNER BURIES IT! Milner's the coolest man on the pitch and he steps up and thunders his penalty into the right of the goal, sending Schmeichel the wrong way. What a massive three points this will be! ,1
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah makes way for Lallana as Klopp makes his final change.,0
Salah's away here - shrugging off the challenge of Soyuncu - but Choudhury hauls him down and takes a yellow card to prevent a potential goal-scoring opportunity.,2
James MaddisonLeicester City · Midfielder #10Maddison could well turn out to be Leicester's hero with his equaliser, but this is only his first game back from injury so Rodgers decides to take him off. Choudhury is his replacement.,0
Asst: A. PérezOH THEY'VE DONE IT! MADDISON LEVELS! What a beautiful move that is and Maddison gets on the end of it! He gets in behind Van Dijk and it's an excellent shot, low and powerful enough to go in under Adrian, despite a touch off the keeper.,1
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Firmino also makes way, with Origi his replacement up front.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5A double change coming up for Liverpool as Wijnaldum comes off for Henderson - Klopp just injecting some fresh energy into midfield.,0
Dennis PraetLeicester City · Midfielder #26That's Praet's final contribution as he makes way for Perez.,0
avanagh shows Evans a yellow card as he's impeded Salah's run by grabbing him around his collar.,2
oyuncu is shown a yellow card now. He's held Salah back at the edge of the box and given away a free-kick in an extremely dangerous position!,2
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Midfielder #15Rodgers decides to act at the interval and introduces Albrighton for Barnes, who had a quiet first half.,0
Asst: J. MilnerGOAAAAL! Mane puts Liverpool ahead from a quick break! He has all the time in the world to pick his spot and fires low under Schmeichel into the bottom-right corner. He uses his incredible speed to get away from Evans and Soyuncu can't get across in time either to make a challenge. 1-0 Liverpool! ,1
abinho is next to receive a yellow for bringing down Maddison as Leicester looked to counter.,2
Ndidi is shown the first yellow of the game - he comes in high and late on Milner at the halfway line. Good advantage played by Kavanagh though, as Mane races clear and sees a shot comfortably saved by Schmeichel.,2
Abisso brings out what must surely be the last card of this tempestuous affair - this time, Dabo gets in the book after taking down Perisic.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOAAAALLLLL!!! FIORENTINA COME BACK FROM THE DEATH!! Veretout calmly dispatches the penalty past Handanovic by sending the Inter captain the wrong way to make it 3-3!! The Artemio Franchi is now rocking, and Inter look shellshocked at conceding a 3-1 lead like this!!,1
Radja NainggolanInter · Midfielder #14Spalletti looks to add more steel in his midfield in order to preserve this delicate lead, bringing on Valero for Nainggolan as his final change.,0
Brozovic takes down the substitute Dabo as the latter embarked on a run down the wing, and the Croatia midfielder gets cautioned.,2
he Artemio Franchi bring out the jeers as Martinez makes a meal of Hugo’s shoulder tackle. Lafont gets booked for forcibly getting the Inter forward back up on his feet as the Viola seek a late goal in front of their rabid support.,2
Vincent LauriniFiorentina · Defender #2Laurini comes off for Dabo in Pioli’s last throw of the dice as the Viola chase an equaliser in these final 10 minutes.,0
Matteo PolitanoInter · Midfielder #16That cross was Politano’s last act of the game, as he comes off for Candreva in another like-for-like swap by Spalletti.,0
GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! MURIEL GETS ONE BACK FOR FIORENTINA!! The substitute grabs another goal against Inter with a missile of a free-kick that goes over the wall and dips underneath the bar at just the right time! It’s now 3-2 to Inter, but the Viola faithful have turned up the volume at the Artemio Franchi!,1
Biraghi gets his ankles caught from behind by Politano as he galloped down the wing, earning the Inter winger a booking from Abisso.,2
Skriniar fouls Chiesa as the latter embarks on another run at the Inter box, and the Inter centre-back becomes the second Nerazzurri player cautioned by Abisso.,2
Dalbert Henrique Chagas EstevãoInter · Defender #29Spalletti makes his first change of the match, taking off Dalbert and bringing on Asamoah in a like-for-like swap at left-back.,0
Marco BenassiFiorentina · Midfielder #24Benassi also heads for the bench, and on comes star striker Muriel as the Viola look to push forward for goals.,0
Giovanni SimeoneFiorentina · Striker #9Pioli rolls the dice and makes a double substitution - first, off comes Simeone in order to be replaced by Pjaca.,0
Nainggolan, who has started the second half like a bull in a china shop, becomes the first player booked after an unnecessarily rash challenge on Benassi.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLLL!! PERISIC MAKES IT 3-1! The Inter winger calmly sends Lafont the wrong way, sidefooting the ball into the back of the net with aplomb for his first Serie A goal since before Christmas!,1
Asst: D. D'AmbrosioGOOOOAAALLLL!!! INTER TAKE THE LEAD!! An extended spell of Nerazzurri play around the Fiorentina area ends with Politano receiving the ball and jinking past Biraghi to cut inside and curl in a brilliant effort that the diving Lafont had no chance with! 2-1 to the visitors, who have come back from behind to lead on the stroke of half-time!,1
sst: R. NainggolanGOOOAAALLLL!! VECINO GETS INTER BACK ON LEVEL TERMS! Fiorentina will be livid at failing to properly deal with a poor Inter corner, and Nainggolan takes advantage of the chaos by floating in a teasing ball for the ex-Viola midfielder to sidefoot past Lafont! Despite the lengthy wait for VAR confirmation, Vecino’s goal stands and it is now 1-1 at the Artemio Franchi!,1
Seko FofanaLens · Midfielder #8Lens captain Fofana has been exceptional as usual for his second-placed his, and the Ivorian comes off late for Lukasz Poreba.,0
This melee is far easier for the referee to separate, and he books Gharbi for the foul once he has done so.,2
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #28Soler is the next to come off for PSG, with teenager Ismael Gharbi coming on to see out the game.,0
Alexis Claude MauriceLens · Midfielder #18Claude-Maurice's early goal in this second half has put some daylight between the sides, and he comes off now for Jean Onana.,0
Hugo EkitikePSG · Striker #44Ekitike comes off next for PSG having scored their only goal after eight minutes, and another youngster in Warren Zaire-Emery will take his place.,0
Loïs OpendaLens · Striker #11Openda's return to Lens' starting XI has yielded a goal and an assist for the Belgian, but he comes off now for the man he replaced in the Lens lineup, Wesley Said.,0
Fabián RuizPSG · Midfielder #8Ruiz's shot was his last contribution, as he's replaced by Vitinha in midfield for Paris.,0
Danilo PereiraPSG · Midfielder #15PSG make a double change, and first off is Pereira for Pablo Sarabia.,0
Asst: L. OpendaGOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Lens make it three!!!! Calamitous passing at the back puts PSG in all sorts of trouble, as Verratti is dispossessed following a poor ball from Pereira. Openda recovers possession and back-heels to Claude-Maurice, who takes a touch to set himself before firing beyond Donnarumma! Panic stations for PSG, but pandemonium for Lens, who extend their lead to 3-1 right at the start of the second half!,1
akimi raced straight into Gradit following the tackle, and so he is also booked for sparking the coming-together between the players.,2
With the players separated, Gradit is eventually shown a yellow card for the foul which sparked that melee.,2
Mukiele charges forward for PSG after drifting into the centre, but he's felled on halfway by Abdul Samed, who is shown the game's first yellow card for the tactical foul.,2
Asst: S. FofanaGOOOOOAAALLL!!! Lens are back in the lead!!! They cut out a PSG attack, and Fofana turns Soler before racing past Mbappe. From inside his own half, the Lens captain threads a ball forward for Openda to race in to the clear, and he skilfully beats Marquinhos in the box before firing the ball underneath Donnarumma to score for the home side!!! 2-1 to Lens, and this first half takes yet another wild twist!,1
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! There's the Paris response!!! Ruiz floats a ball into the box which Mukiele chases at speed. He hooks it back to the front post, where Ekitike takes a touch to beat the goalkeeper before poking it home to level the scores! Just eight minutes gone in Lens, and already it's 1-1!!,1
GOOOOOOAAALLLL!!!!! Lens lead!!!! The hosts break at speed and Sotoca fires a peach of a cross-field pass to Haidara charging down the left byline. His volley into the centre of the box is half-parried by Donnarumma, but the ball falls to Frankowski who can volley straight into the unguarded net! Five minutes gone, and it's the Ligue 1 runners-up who have a 1-0 advantage here!,1
Matías ViñaSassuolo · Defender #17Sassuolo's final change sees Ferrari come on for Vina.,0
Nedim BajramiSassuolo · Midfielder #11Bajrami is also making way, with Defrel on in his place.,0
Andrea PinamontiSassuolo · Striker #9Sassuolo are making a triple change as we head into the final five minutes. Pinamonti is the first to go off, with Castillejo on for him.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Juventus' final roll of the dice is an attacking one as Milik comes on for Locatelli.,0
inamonti took his shirt off in celebration, so he gets a yellow card.,2
INAMONTI SCORES! And just like that, Sassuolo are back in front! They work it down their left, and this time when Lauriente cuts inside he does manage to get his shot on target. Szczesny gets two hands behind the pacy shot but parries it straight to Pinamonti, who heads it over the keeper and into the back of the net. 3-2 Sassuolo!,1
sst: N. FagioliCHIESA EQUALISES! Juventus finally have their first shot on target, and they score from it! It's well worked down the right, but Iling-Junior's cross is cleared as far as Fagioli on the left. He cushions the ball into Chiesa's path and the Italy star makes no mistake as he rifles it past Cragno at his near post. 2-2!,1
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #9Juve's latest change sees Kean introduced in place of Vlahovic.,0
Vina is dawdling over a throw-in and, much to his disbelief, he's booked for time-wasting.,2
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #16Juventus are making their third change while Bremer finishes off getting treatment. McKennie is taken off, with Weah on to replace him.,0
It's a poor challenge from Berardi as he catches Bremer high on the shin with his studs. He's also shown a yellow card.,2
anilo gets nowhere near the ball and crashes into Berardi, stopping him in his tracks. He's not happy, but it was a clear booking.,2
Boloca tries to step across Chiesa to win the ball, but steps on the forward's foot instead. He goes into the referee's book.,2
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #20Miretti is also making way, with Fagioli on for him.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #11There are changes for both sides at the break, starting with a double one for Juve. Kostic is taken off, with Iling-Junior on in his place.,0
Asst: M. HenriqueBERARDI SCORES! McKennie's pass is cut out by Henrique, and Miretti slips as he tries to close him down. The Brazilian drives to the edge of the D before squaring it to Berardi. He hits the shot first time, whipping it out of Szczesny's reach and into the bottom left corner. 2-1 Sassuolo!,1
Rabiot is late as he steps across Henrique and trips the midfielder. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2
SASSUOLO LEAD! And it's a moment to forget for Szczesny! It's a poor attempt at a clearance from Bremer and he nods it straight down to Lauriente, who gets a lot of power behind his strike towards the near post. The keeper gets two hands behind it, but as it bounces off the floor, it hits his foot and hits the back of the net. 1-0 Sassuolo!,1
Penalty Goal3-1 BARCELONA! Rulli guesses the correct way as Coutinho sends his shot low to the left - but the power of the strike was enough to beat the goalkeeper, giving Barcelona a two-goal advantage!,1
Raba is shown a late yellow card for getting into a tangle with Coutinho, sending the former Brazil international to the ground in a heap. ,2
EPAY PUTS BARCELONA AHEAD WITH TWO MINUTES TO GO! Ter Stegen plays a long kick out of his penalty area, which forces Estupinan into an ill-advised backwards header for Rulli. Depay latches onto the loose ball and manages to round the goalkeeper before depositing the ball into the empty net! 2-1!,1
Manu TriguerosVillarreal · Striker #14With six minutes left Emery recalls Trigueros to the bench in order to send on Raba.,0
Nico GonzálezBarcelona · Midfielder #28Gonzalez will play no further part in the match as Xavi introduces Coutinho. ,0
Asst: A. GroeneveldCHUKWUEZE FINDS THE EQUALISER! He’s only been on the pitch for 11 minutes but Chukwueze makes the difference, prodding a shot high into the roof of the goal with a raised foot after Danjuma’s lifted pass took both Pique and Arajuo out of the play following a quick throw-in! 1-1!,1
Jordi AlbaBarcelona · Defender #18Confirmation of the enforced substitution as Alba is replaced by Mingueza.,0
Abde EzzalzouliBarcelona · Striker #33Ezzalzouli's match is over after 66 minutes as Dembele comes onto the pitch to replace him. ,0
Alfonso PedrazaVillarreal · Defender #24Two alterations at once for the hosts, who also bring Estupinan on for Pedraza. ,0
Yeremy PinoVillarreal · Midfielder #21Villarreal make the first change of the match, replacing Pino with Chukwueze. ,0
BARCELONA FIND THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Ezzalzouli beats Pedraza with a bit of trickery and fires a cross to the far post for Alba. The left-back fires a volley towards goal which receives a touch on its way through by Depay, forcing a reaction save from Rulli. The goalkeeper can only push the ball to the far post for De Jong - who tucks the chance away neatly!,1
ique sends Trigueros to the floor cynically on the halfway line - earning the Barcelona centre-back a yellow card. ,2
Alba is also shown a yellow card for his part in the argument with Pino.,2
Pino receives the first yellow card of the match for his part in a fracas with Alba during a Villarreal corner. ,2
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Newcastle are just running the clock down now and they've made another change, with Almiron replaced by Hendrick.,0
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Burnley have made a late substitution, with Gudmunds­son replaced by Mumbongo.,0
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Brownhill after he deliberately brings Almiron down as the Newcastle man looked to break forward on the counter.,2
Asst: J. ShelveyGOAL! Newcastle take the lead, Saint-Maximin with a superb strike to fire them 2-1 ahead. They counter quickly, with Shelvey feeding him and Saint-Maximin drives forward, with Mee and Tarkowski both backing off, so he cuts onto his left-foot on the edge of the box and then drills the ball into the bottom right corner of the net. What an impact he has had.,1
Asst: A. Saint-MaximinGOAL! Murphy equalises for Newcastle, it’s 1-1! The changes have made the difference for the visitors, with Saint-Maximin creating the goal. The winger does brilliantly down the left wing, getting all the way to the byline, but can’t get past Pieters and instead pulls it back to Murphy, who powers the ball into the top left corner of the net. Superb strike.,1
Dwight GayleNewcastle · Striker #12The other change is a straight swap up top, with Wilson replacing Gayle.,0
JoelintonNewcastle · Striker #9Here is the expected double substitution by Newcastle, with Joelinton one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Saint-Maximin.,0
Asst: C. WoodGOAL! Burnley take the lead, it’s 1-0! Newcastle fail to deal with a long ball over the top from Pieters and Westwood wins it back, before playing it through to Wood, who does brilliantly to get past his marker in the box and then pull it back to Vydra on the edge of the six-yard box. The striker then coolly fires it into the back of the net.,1
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17The visitors make another change. Djenepo replaces Armstrong for the final minutes.,0
Shane LongSouthampton · Striker #7Southampton substitution. The hardworking Long is replaced by their youth product Nlundulu.,0
Ademola LookmanFulham · Striker #19Here's that Fulham change. Lookman makes way for the former French youth international Kebano.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14Fulham make an attacking substitution. Mitrovic goes up front. He's on for De Cordova-Reid.,0
Anguissa lands himself a yellow card for that cynical foul on Armstrong. He won't mind a bit.,2
De Cordova-Reid is booked for that challenge. It looked nasty on first viewing but it isn't a red card offence.,2
Leighton BainesEverton · Defender #3Everton make their final substitution. Baines is replaced by Mina. ,0
Everton deal with another Newcastle cross and Richarlison dances his way down the right, holding up play. Hayden gets tired of this and chops the Brazilian down. It's a yellow card for him.,2
JoelintonNewcastle · Striker #9Second, Joelinton is replaced by Gayle. Newcastle are now playing a 4-4-2 of their own.,0
Florian LejeuneNewcastle · Defender #20Newcastle make two substitutions. First, Lejeune goes off for Atsu.,0
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Everton make a second change first though. Walcott makes way for Coleman. Everton must be worried about Willems and Almiron's threat.,0
sst: RicharlisonGOAL! 2-1 EVERTON! Richarlison rolls the ball across goal for Calvert-Lewin who grabs his second of the game!,1
Moise KeanEverton · Striker #27Everton bring Delph on as expected. Kean trudges off and gives his compatriot Ancelotti a pat on the back. No doubt Kean's new boss will help the get the best out of him.,0
sst: A. CarrollGOAL! 1-1 NEWCASTLE! Willems' cross in lands to Carroll at the far post. The Geordie nods the ball down to Schar who thumps it into the back of the net!,1
Davies is booked for sliding in on Willems to stop Newcastle from countering. Fair enough.,2
olgate climbs over the back of Joelinton to win a header and Joelinton reacts angrily. It's a Newcastle free-kick but Joelinton is booked for his reaction. ,2
OAL! 1-0 EVERTON! Everton's early assault on Newcastle's goal pays off. Sigurdsson gets two bites of the cherry from the free-kick as both his shots are blocked. However, the second lands to Calvert-Lewin who slots the ball nicely into the bottom left corner!,1
Kurzawa is booked for a foul on Emond, hooking his boot around the ankle. Nantes will have one last chance to swing a free-kick in.,2
Di Maria is booked for a foul, and Nantes boss Gourcuff is booked shortly after.,2
Traore is booked for a foul. The PSG players weren't happy about it, immediately converging on the referee.,2
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Midfielder #19PSG make a second change, Paredes coming on for Sarabia.,0
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #18Tuchel makes his first change, replacing Icardi with Draxler.,0
GOOOAAL! Nantes are back in it, Simon with a goal out of nowhere! Verratti fires a pass back towards Kimpembe at the halfway line, and the defender's attempted flick to Kehrer scuffs into the path of the Nantes forward. He carries it into the area, holding off the pair of defenders before moving onto his left foot and sweeping the ball around Navas.,1
Abdoulaye TouréNantes · Midfielder #19The first change of the evening comes from Nantes, as Emond enters the fray in place of Toure.,0
sst: A. Di MaríaGOAL! 2-0 PSG, Kehrer gets his name on the scoresheet! It's an excellent corner from Di Maria, an inswinger from the right. Kehrer meets it at the edge of the six-yard box, flicking a header into the side netting at the far post.,1
amba tries to inject some energy into proceedings with a burst down the left, but Verratti fouls Blas to kill the attack in the centre of the park and gets a yellow.,2
Asst: A. Di MaríaGOOAALL! PSG make the breakthrough, it's Icardi! Sarabia and Mbappe combine down the left, Mbappe winning himself a yard of space before pulling the ball back to the edge of the six-yard box, where Di Maria strokes home a simple finish. He celebrates but the goal is eventually given to Icardi, after it took a slight touch off his leg on the way in. That'll be a topic of discussion in the changing room.,1
Ivanovic brings down Wilson with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Almiron is withdrawn by Bruce and Yedlin replaces the winger.,0
Asst: J. MurphyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GAYLE POWERS A HEADER INTO THE TOP CORNER!!! 2-1!!! Newcastle regain the lead as Gayle haunts his former club with a bullet header from close range. Murphy has space on the right and supplies a perfect cross into the middle. Gayle gets ahead of his man and directs his effort beyond the reach of Johnstone into the top-right corner.,1
Conor GallagherWest Brom · Midfielder #18Grosicki replaces the impessive Gallagher for the final 10 minutes.,0
Emil KrafthNewcastle · Defender #17Murphy replaces Krafth for the home side. Bruce is going for it in the final third.,0
Jamal LewisNewcastle · Defender #15Gayle replaces Lewis for the home side, which will see Ritchie drop into left-back. Can the striker haunt his former club here?,0
sst: M. PhillipsGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FURLONG EQUALISES!!!! 1-1!!! The Baggies are back in the game as Furlong scores with an outstretched boot. Phillips turns Krafth down the left flank and supplies a dangerous cross into the box. Furlong gambles and gets ahead of Lewis, sticking out his right boot to guide a fine strike past Darlow into the bottom-left corner.,1
Karlan GrantWest Brom · Striker #29Grant is withdrawn for Austin in the final third.,0
Callum RobinsonWest Brom · Striker #7Gibbs replaces Robinson, which will see Phillips move forward from left wing-back to an advanced role.,0
urlong goes into the book for his part of the melee with Lewis.,2
Asst: JoelintonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ALMIRON PUTS NEWCASTLE AHEAD INSIDE 30 SECONDS!!! 1-0!!!! Wilson and Joelinton combine in the final third and the Brazilian releases Almiron into acres of space in the box. The winger holds his nerve to bend his strike away from Johnstone into the bottom-left corner with a precise effort.,1
Soppy goes into the referee's book after a clumsy challenge near the halfway line.,2
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Correa replaces Martinez as Inzaghi does not want to risk the striker getting sent off.,0
Martinez receives a yellow card after arguing back to the referee.,2
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2D'Ambrosio replaces Dumfries on the right side for Inter.,0
Giorgio ScalviniAtalanta · Defender #42Scalvini makes way for Soppy in the Atalanta defence.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Asllani comes on for man of the match contender Calhanoglu in the midfield for Inter.,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #90Dzeko replaces Lukaku to lead the line with Martinez.,0
Robin GosensInter · Midfielder #8Dimarco comes on for Gosens at left wing-back for Inter.,0
Jeremie BogaAtalanta · Midfielder #10Muriel comes on for Boga in the Atalanta attack.,0
Hans HateboerAtalanta · Midfielder #33Ederson comes on for Hateboer to give Atalanta more attacking options.,0
Asst: L. MartínezGOALLL!! 1-0 INTER!! DARMIAN!! Inter finally break the deadlock after a brilliant finish from Darmian! Martinez lays the ball off to the defender on the edge of the box and Darmian shoots first-time with his weaker foot across the goal to beat Musso.,1
Duván ZapataAtalanta · Striker #91Hojlund comes on for Zapata to lead the Atalanta frontline.,0
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Midfielder #88Lookman replaces Pasalic in the front three for Atalanta.,0
osens receives a yellow card after a clumsy sliding challenge on Maehle.,2
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7McGinn is replaced by Archer as Villa desperately hunt for an equaliser.,0
Kamara is booked after tripping a rampaging Rice on the edge of the box.,2
sst: D. RiceGOALLL! FORNALS! 1-0. West Ham take the lead. Rice hits a crisp pass into Fornals who swivels before hitting a strike from 25 yards that flicks off Konsa before looping over Martinez and in!,1
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Luiz heads off with Ramsey taking his place in midfield.,0
Philippe CoutinhoAston Villa · Midfielder #23Coutinho hobbles off with Buendia taking his place.,0
Gianluca ScamaccaWest Ham · Striker #7Scamacca makes way for Antonio up top after a quiet game.,0
Emerson PalmieriWest Ham · Midfielder #33Emerson is replaced by Benrahma at half-time as West Ham look to find more of an attacking impetus.,0
Ben JohnsonWest Ham · Midfielder #2Johnson is replaced by Coufal in defence after suffering what looks like a minor muscle injury.,0
Cucurella is booked for clattering into De Jong. Even the home fans can't be bothered to complain after all that performative noise earlier.,2
Carles PérezBarcelona · Striker #27Barca make their final change. Perez off, teenage defender Todibo on.,0
RED CARD FOR LENGLET! Barca's centre-back receives his marching orders for a second yellow card after stepping on Molina's foot. Will that change things at all?,3
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Here's that Barca change - Busquets, who's on a yellow, off, Rakitic on. Probably for the best in this febrile environment.,0
Roberto sees yellow for something or another. It feels academic at this point.,2
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #17Barca sub. Griezmann, who's been invisible today, is replaced by Semedo.,0
JasonGetafe · Midfielder #23Getafe make their final change. Jason, who's faded in this half, is replaced by Portillo.,0
Maksimovic also lands himself in the book for protesting too much. Getafe need to make sure they don't lose their discipline here.,2
Tempers are flaring here. Kenedy is booked for standing on Busquets' foot near the touchline. The Getafe fans are incensed.,2
Jaime MataGetafe · Striker #7Getafe decide to make another change. Mata goes off and is replaced by Getafe's 37-year-old captain Molina.,0
GOAL! 2-0 BARCA! Perez unleashes a venomous shot from range that Soria keeps out but can't hold onto. The ball falls to Firpo who only has to pass the ball into the goal. ,1
Kenedy makes an immediate impact as Lenglet is booked for bringing him down. What can Getafe do with this free-kick?,2
Allan NyomGetafe · Defender #12Getafe have made a substitution at half-time. Nyom's gone off. Kenedy has come on. ,0
sst: M. ter StegenGOAL! 1-0 BARCA! Getafe have played pretty well but you just can't keep Suarez quiet for long. Suarez gets through on goal, chips it over Soria and into the net. Lovely.,1
onzalez gets the first yellow card of the game for steaming into the front of Suarez.,2
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Arteta is making a double change before Forest can take their corner because he wants to get two more defensive players on. Jorginho replaces Odegaard.,0
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35And Kiwior comes on in place of Zinchenko.,0
sst: G. MontielAWONIYI PULLS ONE BACK! Danilo goes for a more direct route this time, making a big switch to Montiel on the right, and he picks out a good cross into the middle. Awoniyi has two Arsenal defenders around him, but an awkward bounce favours him and wrongfoots Saliba. The forward reacts quickest to latch onto it and pokes it under Raya. VAR checks for an offside against Montiel, but he was onside. 2-1!,1
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9And Jesus goes off to a warm reception from the away fans as he's replaced by Nketiah.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Striker #11Arsenal are making a double change as well. Martinelli goes off for Trossard.,0
Neco WilliamsNottm Forest · Midfielder #7Forest's final change of the game sees Elanga make his return from a thigh injury as he comes on for Williams.,0
sst: G. JesusSAKA SCORES! It's a really poor attempt to get Forest upfield by Montiel as he gifts it straight to Odegaard on the edge of the centre circle. He wastes no time sweeping it out to Jesus on the left, and he gets his head up to spot Saka in space on the edge of the box. He hits a low shot across goal, and though Turner gets fingertips to it, he can't stop it from hitting the back of the net. 2-0 Arsenal!,1
Orel MangalaNottm Forest · Midfielder #5And there's another roll of the dice for Forest too, as Mangala makes way for Yates.,0
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Midfielder #10Arsenal's first change of the game sees Smith Rowe taken off for Havertz.,0
sst: O. ZinchenkoJESUS SCORES! Arsenal finally break the deadlock! After all of their hard work, Forest are opened up by a long throw-in from Zinchenko to Jesus, who has time to turn before driving into the box. The angle is tight, and he has no right to score from there, but his low shot goes through Turner's legs and rolls over the line. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
Nicolás DomínguezNottm Forest · Midfielder #16Forest are making another change here, and it's another adjustment to their frontline. Dominguez goes off, with Hudson-Odoi brought on in his place.,0
Chris WoodNottm Forest · Striker #11There's a change at the break for Forest, and it's a straight swap up front. Wood struggled to get into the game, and he's replaced by Awoniyi.,0
esus picks up the first yellow card of the game. He's complaining about a decision not going his way and gets booked for dissent.,2
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Last change for Arsenal now and it's Lacazette that's making way for Elneny.,0
Xhaka misses the ball as he slides in late on Lucas and he earns himself a booking.,2
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Midfielder #32Another change for Arsenal now and Smith Rowe is the player making way, with Willian on for him.,0
SPURS DOWN TO 10! Lamela was played in by Sanchez and he swung out an arm to block off Tierney when he was closed down by the left-back. He caught him in the face with his elbow and the referee goes straight to his pocket to show him his second booking of the game and the goal scorer is off!,3
Lamela slides in late on Partey from behind and earns himself a booking.,2
enalty GoalLACAZETTE SCORES! He steps up to take the penalty that he won, taking a short run-up before hitting the shot. He sends Lloris the wrong way, nestling his spot-kick into the bottom-right corner to give his side the lead. 2-1 Arsenal!,1
he VAR review sticks with the onfield decision and Sanchez is booked for the challenge.,2
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Final change for Spurs now and it's Ndombele that's making way for Alli.,0
Gareth BaleTottenham · Midfielder #9Bale is coming off for Spurs, and he doesn't look particularly happy as he makes his way to the bench. Sissoko is on for him.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7There's a change at the break for Arsenal, with Pepe coming on to replace Saka.,0
Asst: K. TierneyODEGAARD EQUALISES! Tierney's cross picks out Odegaard, who is in a lot of space in the middle. He scuffs the shot and it takes a slight deflection off Alderweireld which helps it past Lloris and into the bottom corner. 1-1!,1
aka dribbled past Reguilon and the defender just couldn't get close to him. When Saka doubles back, Reguilon has another go, this time bringing him down, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: LucasWHAT A GOAL! It's Spurs' first attack of the game and they've broken the deadlock! Reguilon puts the cross into the box, with Lucas picking it up and touching it on for Lamela. It's a crowded box, but he goes for the Rabona, drilling it past the two defenders in front of him and into the far post. 1-0 Spurs!,1
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Son goes straight down the tunnel after leaving the field and it's Lamela that's coming on to replace him.,0
Emerson sticks out a leg and brings down Wood. He goes into the book.,2
Bruno GuimarãesNewcastle · Midfielder #39Bruno is replaces by Shelvey in the Newcastle midfield.,0
Callum WilsonNewcastle · Striker #9Wood replaces Wilson, who made the decisive impact in the first half with the opening goal.,0
Davinson SánchezTottenham · Defender #6Sanchez is withdrawn for Doherty for Spurs at the back.,0
Clément LengletTottenham · Defender #34Davies replaces Lenglet for the home side at the back.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock makes way for Murphy in the final third.,0
ilson tries to close down Lloris as he kicks the ball out from the back, but fouls the Tottenham keeper.,2
Oliver SkippTottenham · Midfielder #4Skipp is replaced after receiving a yellow card as Moura enters the game.,0
Ryan SessegnonTottenham · Midfielder #19Sessegnon is withdrawn after his booking and is replaced by Perisic.,0
Sessegnon pulls back Almiron on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: C. LengletGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KANE GETS ONE BACK!!!! 2-1!!!! Tottenham are back in the game as Kane heads home from a corner at the back post. Son curls a dangerous cross into the box from the left flank that Lenglet flicks on. It reaches Kane at the back post and he gets the wrong side of Trippier to nod into the back of the net. There is a VAR check for offside, but the goal stands.,1
Asst: S. LongstaffWHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALMIRON DOUBLES NEWCASTLE'S LEAD!!!! 2-0!!!!! The forward produces a brilliant run and finish on his left foot to put Newcastle in command. Lloris does not cover himself in glory once again as he sends a poor pass out from the back that puts Sessegnon under pressure. Longstaff works a pass to Almiron, who fends off Sessegnon and then surges past Lenglet. There is still work to do, but he fires his left-footed effort under Lloris and into the net. Another poor moment for the Tottenham keeper.,1
Bentancur is furious with the referee for the decision and goes into the book.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WILSON SCORES AFTER A TERRIBLE MISTAKE BY LLORIS!!!!1-0!!!!! Lloris races off his line to clear the ball ahead of Wilson following a clip over the top from Schar, but runs right into him. Wilson gathers the loose ball and curls a left-footed strike over Dier into an empty net. A huge moment in the game.,1
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9Vardy is replaced by Iheanacho as Leicester run down the clock.,0
James MaddisonLeicester City · Midfielder #10Maddison, who caused Brighton problems all night, is replaced by Okazaki. ,0
ardy chases back and challenges Propper around 30 yards from goal. His sliding tackle is ugly and late, resulting in a yellow card. ,2
Dale StephensBrighton · Midfielder #6Izquierdo replaces Stephens as Hughton's side push for an equaliser. ,0
Youri TielemansLeicester City · Midfielder #21Leicester respond to Brighton's increasing control in midfield, bringing Mendy on for Tielemans. ,0
Solly MarchBrighton · Striker #20March has not been able to influence the match much on the left flank. Locadia replaces him. ,0
2-1! PROPPER SCORES! Propper controls a deflected pass and dances past Tielemans on the edge of the area before unleashing a well-directed shot past Schmeichel. Game on.,1
sst: J. Maddison2-0! VARDY! Another beautiful move from Leicester. Pereira squares the ball to Maddison in front of the Brighton defence, and he takes a couple of touches, forcing them to back off. A beautifully weighted throughball finds Vardy, who fires past Ryan with a powerful right-footed shot.,1
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Big loss for Brighton as Gross goes off injured and is replaced by Bissouma.,0
Leicester build from the back again, finding Barnes out on the left flank. He goes flying past Montoya, winning a corner. Montoya pulled Barnes back and is given a yellow card. ,2
sst: Y. TielemansGOAAAL! GRAY PUTS LEICESTER AHEAD! What a lovely goal. Gray is left in acres of space after Leicester win the ball in midfield and stays onside. Tielemans slides a pass between two defenders to Gray and he remains calm, firing it past Ryan to put Leicester 1-0 up.,1
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Youngster Ramsey gets some more game time as he comes on for the closing stages in place of the industrious Douglas Luiz.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Midfielder #21A defensive change by Smith sees, scorer of the third goal, El Ghazi, brought off for El Mohamady.,0
Eze mistimes his sliding tackle as he goes in late on Grealish, who had already released his pass well before Eze's tackle. Unsurprisingly, the Palace man goes into referee Taylor's book for the challenge.,2
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Townsend is Hodgson's next change and he will replace Schlupp in a like-for-like substitute.,0
Asst: O. WatkinsGOALLL!! 3-0 VILLA! Grealish leads the counter-attack as he rolls in Watkins, whose first touch lets him down. The striker then recovers and plays it back to El Ghazi, who smashes a right-footed effort into the top left corner from the right of the area. That effort left Guaita with no chance and it seems like game over for the visitors.,1
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Hodgson rolls the dice once more as he throws on striker Batshuayi in place of McArthur.,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Milivojevic, whose needless foul led to the hosts' second goal, is hooked off for Riedewald as the visitors look to find a way back into this game.,0
ard, perhaps in frustration, goes flying through the back of Grealish, leaving Taylor with no option but to book Palace's right-back.,2
GOALLLL!! 2-0 VILLA! The resulting free-kick is swung in by El Ghazi towards Watkins, who hits the bar with his header from outside the six-yard area. Hause is then quickly onto the rebound as he heads over the line from close range. Guaita thinks he has clawed Hause's effort away, however, referee Taylor points to his watch to show the technology has confirmed the goal.,1
realish carries the Villans forward before Milivojevic bundles him over, earning the Palace captain a place in referee Taylor's book.,2
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Midfielder #15Traore, who will perhaps feel a bit harsh done by here, is the man sacrificed in order to bring on centre-back Konsa to partner Hause after Mings' dismissal.,0
ED CARD! Mings receives his second booking in six minutes and he is given his marching orders! Initially, the centre-back had failed to deal with Palace's first long ball and then, in his attempts to recover, he drags down Zaha near the halfway line, leaving referee Taylor with no option but to issue a second yellow card.,3
Zaha receives the first yellow card of the game for his aggressive response to Mings, as the Palace man seemed incensed by the centre-back's attempts to retrieve the ball for a free-kick.,2
ings also gets cautioned for his part in the chaos, with referee Taylor booking him for either his initial shove on Zaha or his part in the commotion afterwards.,2
GOALLLL!!! 1-0 VILLA! Watkins is afforded far too much space, reaching the area before shooting across goal with his right foot. Guaita saves Watkins’ initial effort but Traore is there to slam in the rebound with his right foot from just outside the six-yard area. Palace were slow to close down Watkins initially and they have been rightly punished for their defensive efforts.,1
sst: ChiquinhoGOOOAALLLL!!!! It's a fourth for Wolves!!! Ait-Nouri crosses over the defence to find Chiquinho on the opposite byline. He finds Neves on the edge of the area, and the midfielder curls a delightful chip over Foster to make it 4-0!!! What a beautiful strike to put Wolves four in front!,1
Jonny OttoWolves · Midfielder #19Jonny's first start in over a year has been impressive for Wolves, and he comes off for Chiquinho.,0
Tom CleverleyWatford · Midfielder #8Another Watford substitution sees Cleverley withdrawn for on-loan Stoke midfielder Peter Etebo.,0
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Jimenez comes off after a superb performance, and is replaced by Fabio Silva.,0
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Midfielder #26Hwang comes off in Wolves' first change, and he's replaced by the returning Pedro Neto.,0
Dennis gets free of Saiss and sets off towards the Wolves box but is pulled down by the recovering Saiss, who concedes the free-kick and is yellow-carded in the process.,2
Joshua KingWatford · Striker #7Watford make a half-time substitution, with King withdrawn for Samuel Kalu.,0
Wolves break through Jimenez, who looks to move the ball wide, but Samir cynically fouls him inside Watford's half, and is rightfully booked by the referee.,2
ennis does well to turn and sprint out of a Neves challenge before being scythed down from behind by Ait-Nouri. The offender is yellow-carded, and concedes the free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Kiko FemeníaWatford · Defender #21Roy Hodgson makes a first-half change for Watford, bringing on Christian Kabasele for Femenia.,0
GOAL! Wolves have a third and it's a horror show from Foster! Attempting to beat the incoming Jimenez, the Watford keeper slips as he clears the ball, which goes straight to Podence who strokes home into the empty net! Wolves are 3-0 up already, and it's a long, long way back for the Hornets, whose defensive woes have been comically exposed here.,1
imenez is racing towards goal before Louza hacks him down, and the Watford midfielder receives the game's first yellow card.,2
sst: H. HwangGOOOAAAALLLL!!! Wolves open the scoring!!! Some great link-play between the Wolves front three sees Podence put Hwang into space on the left. He finds Jimenez in the six-yard box, and he prods the ball past the advancing Foster and into the back of the net! 1-0 to the hosts!,1
VitoloAtlético Madrid · Striker #20Third and final Atletico substitution, with Vitolo replaced by Poveda.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Atletico make another substitution, with Llorente coming off and he has been replaced by Joao Felix, who is making his return to the team after four games out due to injury.,0
Germán SánchezGranada · Defender #6Here is the enforced Granada substitution, with German Sanchez replaced by Martinez.,0
sst: Ángel MontoroGOOOAAALLL! Granada have equalised, it's 1-1! The goal comes just seven minutes after they went behind. German Sanchez with a superb header after a corner, he powers the ball straight into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, past the reach of Oblak.,1
The referee is having a very busy game, this time Moreno is the man booked for Atletico.,2
Álvaro VadilloGranada · Midfielder #7Another Granada change now, with Vadillo coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Machis.,0
onalons is the fourth Granada player to be booked here, another for appealing a decision by the officials.,2
Ramon AzeezGranada · Midfielder #12Granada make their first substitution straight after the Atletico goal, with Azeez coming off and he has been replaced by Fernandez.,0
Asst: H. HerreraGOOOAAALLL! Atletico finally break the deadlock, it's 1-0! Lodi with a composed finish to put the finishing touch on a fine move by the visitors, his first goal for his club. Herrera spots the run of the left-back, playing him through on goal at a tight angle and Lodi slides the ball through the legs of the keeper and into the back of the net.,1
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Atletico make their first substitution of the game, with Correa coming off and he has been replaced by Lemar.,0
Puertas is the latest player to be booked, after disagreeing with a decision by the referee.,2
Another yellow card is shown now, this time to Montoro for a foul on Herrera on the halfway line.,2
The referee shows Felipe a yellow card for the challenge on Soldado. No complaints from the Atletico centre-back.,2
he referee incorrectly awards a free-kick to Atletico rather than Granada, after a handball by Vitolo. Soldado is furious with the decision and is shown a yellow card for his protests.,2
Correa is booked for the clash with Quini, the first yellow card of the game and it appears to be a harsh decision, there wasn't much contact there.,2
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9Gray will make a token appearance from the bench. Vardy gets a well-deserved rest.,0
Tosun is next to receive a yellow card for Everton. Their belief is slowly dwindling.,2
Digne is booked for a cynical check on Albrighton who's racing away down the right. Leicester free-kick. ,2
vans follows up his defensive error by scything down Richarlison on the edge of his penalty area. The Northern Irishman is booked.,2
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Everton make another substitution. Walcott, who's has a quiet second half, is replaced by Tosun. The Turk goes straight up front.,0
André GomesEverton · Midfielder #8Everton have made that change - Gomes goes off for Bernard. Sigurdsson will drop deeper alongside Gueye.,0
sst: R. PereiraGOAL! And Leicester have it! Keane deals horribly with a poor defensive header by Walcott. Pereira intercepts and slides the ball straight through to Vardy, who makes no mistake past Pickford! Everton must be sick of the sight of him. 1-0 Leicester.,1
enny races forward down Everton's right and whips in a cross that Sigurdsson can't control. Shortly before, Gomes is booked for clipping at Mendy's heels from behind.,2
Rachid GhezzalLeicester City · Striker #31Leicester make a change at half-time. Ghezzal off. Albrighton off.,0
Diop trips Success in frustration and earns himself a needless yellow card.,2
Gerard DeulofeuWatford · Striker #7Deulofeu makes way for Mariappa as Gracia shuts up shop. The Spaniard's goal will almost certainly prove decisive.,0
sst: R. PereyraGOAL!! WATFORD MAKE IT 2-0! Gracia gets his two-goal cushion! Pereyra and Deulofeu link up really well down the left with some quick interchanges and the latter controls nicely inside the box before arrowing a shot into the far corner! ,1
Troy DeeneyWatford · Striker #9Success replaces Deeney for the closing stages of the game. Gracia is perhaps hoping for a second goal to kill off the game. ,0
Ken SemaWatford · Midfielder #12Sema is replaced by Cleverley as Gracia looks to see out the game more conservatively.,0
Javier Hernández BalcázarWest Ham · Striker #17Hernandez's frustrating afternoon comes to an end as he's replaced by Diangana. ,0
Antonio then goes into the book for a clumsy challenge on Capoue. Frustration is setting in for the Hammers now.,2
Holebas clatters into Hernandez and is confronted angrily by Snodgrass before receiving a yellow card. ,2
Mark NobleWest Ham · Midfielder #16Pellegrini looks to change the game as Carroll comes on for Noble, leaving Rice as the only holding midfielder on the pitch. ,0
Kabasele bundles Snodgrass over on the edge of the box and picks up a yellow card. It's in a dangerous position just to the right of goal.,2
Fabián BalbuenaWest Ham · Defender #4Ogbonna replaces Balbuena at the back, who has not had a good time of it so far.,0
enalty GoalGOAL!! WATFORD SCORE! Deeney makes it 1-0 from the penalty spot, lifting his spot-kick high into the top-right corner while Fabianski dived the wrong way. They've had the better chances so far and are deservedly in front. ,1
albuena was the last man and may count himself fortunate to receive a yellow, rather than a red card. ,2
Burnley attempt to spark a counter-attack before Kulusevski fouls Taylor, and the Spurs substitute is shown a yellow card.,2
Emerson RoyalTottenham · Midfielder #12It's Emerson, not Bentancur, who will come off for Spurs, and Joe Rodon will come on to see out the game.,0
loris takes an age to take the free-kick, and is rightfully booked for time-wasting by the referee.,2
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Moura comes off for Spurs, and will be replaced by Dejan Kulusevski, the man he replaced in the starting XI for this game.,0
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Burnley do now make changes, bringing off Barnes for another striker in Wout Weghorst.,0
Matt LowtonBurnley · Defender #2Lowton also comes off, and Aaron Lennon replaces him. That should see Roberts drop back into the full-back position with the ex-Spurs man going to the right wing.,0
Taylor looks to latch onto a throughball from Brownhill but is felled off the ball by Moura, and the Spurs forward is booked by the referee.,2
ope's complaining to the referee about the awarding of the penalty, and he is booked for dissent by the referee.,2
Roberts is all over Sessegnon and brings him to ground, kicking the ball away in frustration and being given the game's first yellow card in the process.,2
Asst: E. LamelaGOAAALLL!!!!! WOLFSBERGER 1-4 TOTTENHAM! Carlos Vinicius seals the win for Spurs with just minutes remaining. Hojbjerg's cross picked out Lamela, and the Argentinean tried to head home. However, Carlos Vinicius decided to volley his flick-on into the opposite corner, and Kofler had no chance in goal.,1
ojbjerg mistimes a challenge in midfield and is booked as a result.,2
Michael NovakWolfsberg · Defender #27Another change for Wolfsberger as Novak comes off, with Pavelic on for the final 10 minutes.,0
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Alli also makes way, with Ndombele on in his place.,0
Moussa SissokoTottenham · Midfielder #17Mourinho freshens up his midfield, with Sissoko replaced by Hojbjerg.,0
Sven SpranglerWolfsberg · Midfielder #19Just minutes after being booked, Sprangler is replaced by Giorbelidze in the Wolfsberger midfield.,0
Dejan JoveljićWolfsberg · Striker #9Feldhofer also turns to his bench and Joveljic's night is over, with Dieng now on the pitch.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Lucas is also coming off and Mourinho sends on Bergwijn for the final 25 minutes.,0
Gareth BaleTottenham · Midfielder #9Bale makes way for Spurs and he is replaced by Lamela.,0
Sprangler tries to plead his innocence, but he is booked after a poor challenge on Lucas in the middle of the park.,2
Penalty GoalGOAAAALLL!!! WOLFSBERGER 1-3 TOTTENHAM!! The home side grab a goal back as Liendl sends Lloris the wrong way from the penalty spot. The midfielder kept his run-up nice and straightforward and slotted the ball into the bottom corner. ,1
Sissoko is booked after a clumsy challenge from behind on Wernitznig. It will be Liendl to take...,2
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7As expected, Son is given a rest and he is replaced by Carlos Vinícius.,0
Matthäus TafernerWolfsberg · Midfielder #30Taferner's night is over as Henriksson replaces him.,0
Dario VizingerWolfsberg · Striker #11Vizinger also makes way for the home side, with Stratznig his replacement.,0
Alli is the first player to be booked after a robust challenge.,2
Asst: H. WinksGOAAAALLLL!! WOLFSBERGER 0-3 TOTTENHAM - Spurs are in total control, and Lucas makes it three. The Brazilian received Winks' throughball and drove his way into the box, before nestling his shot into the bottom corner. That was far too easy for the visitors!,1
sst: M. DohertyGOAAAALLLL!!! WOLFSBERGER 0-2 TOTTENHAM - Bale take a bow. Absolutely superb from the Wales international. Spurs' counter-attack works to perfection as Doherty charges forward before releasing Bale. The winger was on his weaker right foot, but Scherzer committed himself, allowing Bale to turn inside. Once he did that, he had the goal at his mercy, and he smashed the ball past Kofler to double Spurs' lead.,1
sst: G. BaleGOAAALLL!!! WOLFSBERGER 0-1 TOTTENHAM - Son fires Spurs into an early lead, and Mourinho's side could not have asked for a more perfect start. With Spurs camped in the Wolfsberger box, Bale found space and thrashed his cross towards the penalty spot. Son was alert and stooped low to head into the far corner.,1
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Midfielder #10Barnes is the next man to be replaced with Vydra coming on in his place.,0
Rúben DiasMan City · Defender #3Another change for City as Garcia comes on for Dias. ,0
Asst: P. FodenGOAL! MAHREZ HAT-TRICK! Foden gets to De Bruyne's throughball and delivers a pinpoint first-time cross to the back post where Mahrez is on hand to thunder a header past the keeper to make it 5-0! This is as clinical as it gets.,1
Ferran TorresMan City · Midfielder #21The goal is Torres' last involvement. He is replaced by Foden. ,0
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9Pieters is on for Wood as Dyche attempts to limit the damage.,0
Asst: G. JesusGOAL! 4-0 CITY! Mahrez uses Walker on the overlap and the Englishman's cross is initially gathered by Jesus before the Brazilian tees up Torres who strikes low past Peacock-Farrell.,1
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16Fernandinho is on for Rodri at half-time.,0
Asst: K. De BruyneGOAL! WHAT A FINISH FROM MENDY! Jesus drops into midfield and picks up the ball in acres of space before passing forward to De Bruyne. He has time to size up a delivery and floats it to the back post where Mendy thunders a first-time volley into the far corner. 3-0 City!,1
Asst: K. WalkerGOAL! 2-0 CITY! Mahrez doubles City's lead after a brilliantly taken goal. Walker's throw-in catches the Burnley defence napping and the Algerian picks it up on the byline before cutting in and firing past Peacock-Farrell.,1
Asst: K. De BruyneGOAL! CITY LEAD 1-0! The warning shot was fired and moments later the goal is scored. Burnley gave the ball away far too easily and were made to pay in the blink of an eye. De Bruyne teed up Mahrez in the box who fired into the bottom corner.,1
Enzo Le FéeLorient · Midfielder #80Final change for Lorient now as Ponceau comes on in place of Le Fee.,0
DIENG SCORES! And this one will stand! PSG win a corner which is played short to Ruiz, who tries to switch it to the far side. It's cut out and Lorient break quickly on the counter, with Dieng leading it through the middle. He's one-on-one with Donnarumma, who saves it, but it bounces under him and Dieng follows in to head it over the line. 3-1 Lorient!,1
Danilo PereiraPSG · Midfielder #15Pereira needed treatment following that tackle from Dieng, and he's now going off. It's an attacking change for PSG, as Zaire-Emery replaces him.,0
Dieng's frustration after that last miss is clear as he slides in to stop Pereira from breaking forward. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2
erratti catches Abergel with a late challenge. He's protesting his innocence, but it won't stop the referee from showing him a yellow card.,2
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17PSG are also using the opportunity to make a change as Ekitike comes on for Vitinha.,0
Gedeon KaluluLorient · Midfielder #24And Kalulu is slowly helped back to his feet before going off with the medical team. Cathline replaces him.,0
Ibrahima KonéLorient · Striker #9Lorient are making a double change here. Kone is the first to go off, with Dieng on in his place.,0
Bonke InnocentLorient · Midfielder #8Lorient are making their first change now as Kari comes on in place of Innocent.,0
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14PSG are making their second change now as Mendes comes on to replace Bernat.,0
Le Fee slid in on Mbappe, and when the referee didn't see an advantage playing out, he pulled it back. The winger is also booked.,2
arquinhos gets in a tangle with Yongwa and a free-kick goes against him. There wasn't much in it, but his angry reaction towards the linesman means he's talked himself into a booking.,2
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #28PSG are making their first change at the back. Soler is taken off, with Ruiz on in his place.,0
YONGWA SCORES! It's rolled out to Faivre down the right and he dribbles past Verratti and Bernat to take it to the byline before he drills it into the middle. It's just behind Kone, but it doesn't matter as Yongwa is following in and fires it into the empty net first time. 2-1 Lorient!,1
t's a late challenge from Innocent on Soler, and he goes into the referee's book.,2
BAPPE EQUALISES! In the most bizarre of circumstances! The referee was calling for the game to carry on as Mbappe went down, but the referee didn't blow his whistle. Mvogo ushers the Frenchman back up before rolling the ball out in front of him. When the keeper doesn't immediately send it upfield, Mbappe nicks it off him and fires into the net. Lorient are furious that it stands, but the whistle didn't go. 1-1!,1
AKIMI IS SENT OFF! It gets worse for PSG! It's another late challenge from Hakimi as he lunged to try and nick the ball off Yongwa. He didn't get near the ball but did catch the wing-back on the ankle with his studs. The referee goes straight to his pocket for a second yellow card and he's off! PSG are down to 10 men!,3
Asst: R. FaivreLE FEE SCORES! It's great work from Kalulu to lose Bernat on the right before touching it through for Faivre in a better position. He fizzes his low cross into the middle of the box where Le Fee is waiting and he stretches to fire a first-time shot into the roof of the net. 1-0 Lorient!,1
akimi slides in with a very late tackle on Faivre, getting nowhere near the ball. He picks up an early yellow card.,2
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Ayew replaces Schlupp in the final third for the home side.,0
Asst: J. EvansGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BARNES EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!!! Leicester level the scores out of nowhere as Barnes finds the net. The winger twists and turns on the edge of the box and carves out just enough space to fire at goal. He drills his strike low and hard towards the bottom-right corner, beating the hand of Guaita.,1
Jaïro RiedewaldCrystal Palace · Midfielder #44McArthur replaces Riedewald in the middle of the park for the home side.,0
Kelechi IheanachoLeicester City · Striker #14Iheanacho is withdrawn for Gray in the final third. The penalty miss from the forward may turn out to be crucial this afternoon.,0
Dennis PraetLeicester City · Midfielder #26Vardy does enter the game as he replaces Praet. Ihenacho will shift out of the spearhead role and out to the right flank.,0
Asst: A. TownsendGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ZAHA BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!! 1-0 PALACE!!! The home side make Leicester pay for their missed chances as Zaha converts at the back post. He starts the move with a brilliant turn and run in the middle of the park. The forward sends a pass out wide for Townsend and then continues his run into the box. Townsend arcs a perfect delivery that finds Zaha at the back post where he powers a right-footed volley past Schmeichel at the near post.,1
Hamza ChoudhuryLeicester City · Midfielder #20Tielemans replaces Choudhury for the visitors in the middle of the park.,0
Choudhury slides in hard on Schlupp and goes into the book for his challenge. The midfielder has to be careful now.,2
Stephen EustáquioPorto · Midfielder #46Eustaquio is given a huge pat on the back by the Porto coaching staff as he is replaced by Martinez.,0
Mehdi TaremiPorto · Striker #9Taremi's night is over, with Loader getting a few minutes to impress.,0
Moussa DiabyLeverkusen · Midfielder #19Diaby limps off the field and is replaced by Fosu-Mensah.,0
GalenoPorto · Midfielder #13Here comes the subs for Porto, with Galeno the latest player to be subbed for Goncalo Borges.,0
aulinho's poorly-timed challenge on Pepe earns him a yellow card.,2
Odilon KossounouLeverkusen · Defender #6Kossounou also makes his way to the bench, with Tapsoba given 20 minutes to impress.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiLeverkusen · Midfielder #17Hudson-Odoi's miss was his involvement in the game, with Hlozek on in his place.,0
akker's temper has got the better of him, and his latest rant at the referee results in a yellow card.,2
enalty GoalGOAAALLL - LEVERKUSEN 0-3 PORTO - Taremi gets his second goal from the spot, but this time, Hradecky got a hand to his shot. The Porto striker used less power than in his previous effort, but he put the ball too far in the corner for the Leverkusen keeper, who could only tip the ball onto the post before it sailed into the net.,1
incapie is booked for dissent after voicing his concerns over the penalty.,2
Amine AdliLeverkusen · Midfielder #21Alonso turns to his bench, with Adli making way for Paulinho.,0
enalty GoalGOAAALL - LEVERKUSEN 0-2 PORTO - Taremi took his time, but he made no mistake from the penalty spot, sending Hradecky the wrong way. The Porto ace placed his shot down the middle, and Porto, despite being second-best tonight, have a two-goal cushion. Gelano, who scored the first goal, was fouled by Adli and the officials made the correct decision after a VAR check.,1
João MárioPorto · Defender #23Porto made a change at the break, with Joao Mario replaced by Evanilson.,0
Joao Mario becomes the first player to be carded after a strong challenge in midfield.,2
Asst: D. CostaGOAAAALLLLL - LEVERKUSEN 0-1 PORTO - WHAT A START! Porto open the scoring with their first attack of the match, and they make it look straightforward. Costa picked out Galeno near the halfway line from inside his own box, but the winger did the rest as he dribbled his way into the box before cutting inside and finding the bottom corner.,1
Ivan CavaleiroFulham · Striker #17Robinson comes on to the field to replace Cavaleiro for the home side.,0
Rúben DiasMan City · Defender #3Dias is replaced by Garcia for the closing stages. Guardiola is taking no chances with his key men.,0
Mario LeminaFulham · Midfielder #18Onomah comes on to the field to replace Lemina in the middle of the park.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Guadiola withdraws Silva from the action and replaces him with Fernandinho.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekFulham · Striker #15Loftus-Cheek makes way for the home side and is replaced by Mitrovic.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! AGUERO CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!!! 3-0 CITY!!! Aguero notches his first goal in the Premier League for 15 months. The Argentine drills a low strike on his right foot into the bottom-left corner, beating Areola for power, despite the Fulham keeper guessing the direction correctly.,1
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JESUS PUNISHES A LAPSE FROM ANDERSEN!!!! 2-0 CITY!!!!! Jesus capitalises as Andersen's clearance strikes Cavaleiro and falls kindly for the Brazilian. He breaks into the box and rounds Areola before drilling his effort into an empty net from six yards out. A nightmare of a goal to concede for the home side.,1
sst: J. CanceloGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! STONES PUTS CITY AHEAD!!! 1-0!!!!! The visitors take the lead as Stone converts from close range. Cancelo angles a dangerous cross in from the left flank. It travels past Adarabioyo, leaving Stones with a simple finish from six yards, guiding his right-footed effort past Areola.,1
Ganago is caught late and high by Neymar, in similar fashion to the second Danso booking, and the victim of that prior foul is booked for being the perpetrator of this one.,2
Asst: D. MachadoGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! Lens equalise!!!!!! The men in yellow flood forward after turning over possession in midfield, and Machado's low cross from the left evade all but his fellow substitute Jean, who pops up beyond the far post to tap the ball into an empty net!!! 1-1 won't delay PSG's confirmation of the title, but it's the least that Lens deserve!!!,1
Florian SotocaLens · Midfielder #7Sotoca's not had much luck up front, and Lens will hope Wesley Said can have more success in the last 10 or so minutes.,0
Przemysław FrankowskiLens · Midfielder #29Frankowski's another who has impressed for Lens, but he comes off now for Corentin Jean.,0
Idrissa GueyePSG · Midfielder #27Gueye comes off next for PSG, and is replaced by Danilo Pereira.,0
he referee shows Marquinhos a yellow card, most likely for dissent, as Lens wait to take a throw-in.,2
Achraf HakimiPSG · Midfielder #2Hakimi's the next PSG player to be withdrawn, as Angel Di Maria comes on.,0
erratti has two nibbles at Sotoca before eventually catching him late enough to bring him down, and he is booked by the referee.,2
Jonathan ClaussLens · Midfielder #11Clauss has impressed down the right, but comes off now for Deiver Machado.,0
David CostaLens · Midfielder #20Lens ring the changes as Da Costa comes off for Ignatius Ganago.,0
Asst: NeymarGOOOOAAAALLLLLL!!!!!! There it is!!!!! PSG finally break the deadlock, and it's courtesy of the best player in the world!! Neymar plays it across to Messi in space, and he curls an absolute beauty of an effort into the top corner from the edge of the box, to put PSG 1-0 up! Lens have to score twice now, otherwise the Ligue 1 title is PSG's!,1
Arnaud KalimuendoLens · Striker #15Lens' PSG loanee Kalimuendo comes off, and Massadio Haidara will replace him in the visitors' first substitution.,0
ED CARD!!! Danso recklessly slides into Neymar, and rightfully receives a yellow card, his second of the game!!! He's off, and despite his protests there's no doubt that was a bookable offence, and Lens are down to 10 men!,3
ofana looks to turn away from Kimpembe but is cynically dragged down, then Ramos arrives and boots the ball straight into Fofana's midriff on the ground! A yellow card for Ramos, and he can't really complain there!,2
SG take a quick throw with Clauss on the ground and Neymar races onto it. He looks to touch it inside, but Danso holds him back and is booked for the foul.,2
abinho is booked for a blatant block on Gueye as he looked to break forward.,2
Anthony GordonEverton · Striker #10Lampard makes another Everton change now, with Gordon replaced by McNeil.,0
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #27Nunez is the other to make way, with Jota his replacement.,0
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Final Liverpool changes now, as Elliott heads off and on comes Matip.,0
an Dijk is booked for a poor, late challenge on Onana and is rightly shown a yellow card.,2
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Everton now make their first change as Davies makes way for Gueye.,0
Konstantinos TsimikasLiverpool · Defender #21Double Liverpool substitution, the first sees Tsimikas head off the pitch and on comes Robertson.,0
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66Another straight swap at full-back, with Alexander-Arnold the other to depart and Milner is his replacement.,0
Fábio CarvalhoLiverpool · Midfielder #28Liverpool have made a change ahead of the second half, with Firmino coming on and he replaces Carvalho, who picked up an injury towards the end of the first period.,0
nana is shown the first yellow card of the game as he dives in late on Carvalho and the Liverpool midfielder looks in a bit of trouble.,2
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Defender #21Saul comes on for Carrasco with five minutes left to go in the contest.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Cunha comes on for De Paul with just under 15 minutes left.,0
Asst: I. AspasCELTA VIGO MAKE IT 3-1! Atletico Madrid fail to clear a Celta corner-kick, with Aspas able to pick up possession and play it through the lines for Veiga. The substitute swivels and hits a first-time shot that manages to squeeze in-between the goalkeeper and the near post!,1
Asst: G. Kondogbia3-0 ATLETICO! WHAT A STRIKE! The wing-back sprints the entire length of Celta Vigo’s half and gets into the penalty area, slaloming inside and out to earn room ahead of Mallo before slotting a shot that beats the goalkeeper at his near post!,1
Renato TapiaCelta Vigo · Midfielder #14A change in midfield for Celta Vigo sees Tapia withdrawn for Solari.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Griezmann makes his weekly appearance just after the hour mark, replacing Morata, whose match ends goalless.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Felix comes on for Correa in one of two changes just after the hour for Atleti.,0
oke's crunching tackle on Cervi earns the substitute a yellow card.,2
Carles PérezCelta Vigo · Midfielder #7Veiga comes on for Perez immediately after conceding the second goal.,0
sst: KokeATLETICO MADRID DOUBLE THE LEAD! 2-0! Carrasco finds a pocket of space down the left and chips the ball into the penalty area for Koke, who lays it off to the approaching De Paul. The Argentina international curls a low shot from 20 yards out that takes a deflection and leaves Marchesin powerless!,1
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Koke comes on for Lemar in a half-time switch for Atletico.,0
unez slides through Morata with a raised foot near the halfway line, prompting the referee to brandish the yellow card.,2
A desperate sliding challenge from Hermoso catches the ankle of Aspas on the right wing, giving Celta Vigo a free-kick in an attacking position and earning the centre-back a yellow card.,2
Asst: R. De PaulATLETICO TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! The hosts capitalise on a well-worked move that sees the ball progress from left wing to right before De Paul is able to slip a pass into the penalty area for Correa, who finishes with a lovely first-time hit!,1
SAVIC IS OFF! It was an off-the-ball incident that escalated very quickly! Savic dispossessed Torres but then started grappling with the forward on the floor. He was holding him down, grabbing him around the neck and then he pushes Torres away before the referee shows him a straight red. Atletico are down to 10!,3
TORRES IS ALSO OFF! He started it all by rugby tackling Savic and preventing him from standing up. He was dragging the defender by the hair at one point and giving as much as he got. Barca down to 10 too!,3
Raphinha is down holding the back of his head but tells the referee he doesn't need treatment. When he's told to stop time-wasting, he walks away from the official and picks up a silly booking for dissent.,2
Molina is late getting across to Kessie, and he swipes the substitute's legs out from under him. His name goes into the referee's book.,2
Christensen's attempts to win the ball off Kondogbia end in vain as he clips the midfielder from behind to earn a booking.,2
Reinildo MandavaAtlético Madrid · Defender #23Simeone's final roll of the dice is to bring Reguilon on for Reinildo.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5The final changes for Barcelona see Roberto coming on in place of Busquets.,0
Correa's first touch gets away from him and he thinks he's kept it in play, but the linesman says otherwise. He slices the ball away in frustration, only to be booked for dissent.,2
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7And Joao Felix is also making way, with Correa on for him.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6And it's another double swap for Atletico. Koke's game is over as Lemar replaces him.,0
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #30Both sides are making changes here, starting with Barcelona. Gavi goes off, with Raphinha on in his place.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21And Morata is also coming on in place of Carrasco.,0
Pablo BarriosAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #34Atletico are making a double change of their own now. Barrios is taken off and replaced by Kondogbia.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21And De Jong is also making way, with Kessie on for him.,0
Ansu FatiBarcelona · Striker #10Barcelona are making a double change as they try to regain some control in this game. Fati is the first to go off, with Torres replacing him.,0
raujo slides in and although he gets the ball first, he takes out Koke with the follow-through. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
sst: GaviDEMBELE SCORES! It's been coming from Barcelona! It all starts with a wonderful weaving run by Pedri through midfield and he knocks it to Gavi on the edge of the box. He rolls Reinildo to tee up Dembele and he runs onto it, striking it first time and picking out the far bottom corner. Atletico are claiming there was a foul, but it's going to stand. 1-0 Barca!,1
Christian FassnachtYoung Boys · Midfielder #16Third and final change for Young Boys as Fassnacht is replaced by Bertone.,0
Guillaume HoarauYoung Boys · Striker #99Second change for the hosts, who take goal-scorer Hoarau off and replace him with Nsame.,0
oler tugs Assale from behind to halt a threatening counter and, after initially playing advantage, the referee pulls the game back and books the Valencia man.,2
Miralem SulejmaniYoung Boys · Midfielder #7Young Boys make their first change of the game by bringing Ngamaleu into the frame in place of Sulejmani.,0
Geoffrey KondogbiaValencia · Midfielder #6Coquelin enters the game in Valencia's second change, taking the place of Kondogbia.,0
Ferran TorresValencia · Midfielder #20Valencia make the game's first substitution, replacing Torres with Gameiro.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! 1-1! Hoarau steps up and confidently dispatches the penalty, sending Neto the wrong way as he tucks home into the bottom right-hand corner.,1
Mbabu charges down the right and tussles with Gaya before hitting the deck, then furiously appealing for a penalty. The referee waved away his protests and the Young Boys man earns a yellow card for his protests.,2
Asst: C. SolerGOOOOAL! 1-0 Valencia! Soler flicks a pass through to Batshuayi, who this time manages to stay onside, and two fine touches provide room for the striker after rounding Wolfli before tapping home from a tight angle.,1
 clumsy tackle from Gabriel on Sow sees the defender pick up the game's first yellow card.,2
Kyle WalkerMan City · Defender #2Walker limps off as Laporte replaces him for the final moments.,0
Rodri goes into Tierney's book for stopping a United break cynically. United load the area from the free-kick, but Akanji and Haaland combine to clear.,2
Jack GrealishMan City · Midfielder #10Grealish is withdrawn by Guardiola as City look to shore up their backline. Ake enters the action for the closing stages.,0
Victor LindelöfMan United · Defender #2McTominay replaces Lindelof as United go for broke. Varane will be left to defend against Haaland on his own.,0
Ortega is booked for taking his time over a City goal-kick. Guardiola's men will be looking to manage the next 10 minutes or so wisely.,2
Fred finally gets the booking he has escaped on multiple occasions, tripping Grealish to stop a dangerous City counter-attack.,2
Jadon SanchoMan United · Midfielder #25Weghorst replaces Sancho for United. That may signal a more direct approach as the Red Devils hunt another equaliser.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Guardiola responds to United's improvement with a change. De Bruyne is taken off after registering two assists, with Foden coming on.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14Ten Hag makes the first change of the final. Garnacho replaces Eriksen in a positive alteration. Fernandes will likely assume a more central role now.,0
sst: K. De BruyneGOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL! GUNDOGAN GETS ANOTHER! 2-1 TO CITY! De Bruyne lifts the free-kick to the edge of the D, where Gundogan is waiting unmarked. He doesn't strike his left-footed volley as cleanly as his opener, but it squirms beyond De Gea's dive and into the bottom-left corner! It's a brace for the City skipper in the FA Cup final!,1
Wan-Bissaka takes Grealish down with a late challenge on the United right and gets the first yellow card of the game. He completely mistimed that tackle.,2
enalty GoalGOOOOAAAAAAL! FERNANDES LEVELS IT UP! 1-1! United's stand-in skipper strokes the ball into the bottom-left corner, sending Ortega the wrong way! Out of absolutely nowhere, United have equalised at Wembley!,1
sst: K. De BruyneGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAL! GUNDOGAN PUTS CITY AHEAD IMMEDIATELY! WHAT A START! De Bruyne battles for a long ball upfield and the ball drops to Gundogan 20 yards out. The City midfielder sets himself and lashes a brilliant volley into the top-right corner, giving De Gea no chance and sending the blue side of Manchester wild! 1-0!,1
Ante RebićMilan · Midfielder #18Pioli makes a change in order to hold the point as Krunic replaces Rebic to add numbers to the midfield.,0
Saelemaekers is shown his second yellow card in two minutes as his reckless and dangerous tackle on Elmas draws another booking. Milan will be down to 10 men for the final three minutes.,3
Saelemaekers is shown a yellow card for a sliding challenge on Di Lorenzo on the left wing.,2
José CallejónNapoli · Striker #7Politano will be the latest entrant, with Callejon making way. ,0
This time it’s Conti who’s booked as he gets tangled up with Rui - sending the Napoli player to the floor. All four full-backs in the match are now booked.,2
Milik is left in a heap on the ground after a wild stomp on the shin from Hernandez. The full-back is lucky it isn’t a harsher punishment as that could have left the substitute in real difficulty as he’s shown a yellow card from the match official.,2
Lorenzo InsigneNapoli · Striker #24Lozano replaces Insigne on the wing, with his pace a real threat in the late stages.,0
Dries MertensNapoli · Striker #14Gattuso switches things up after his side are brought back level - with Mertens replaced by Milik.,0
Penalty GoalKESSIE MAKES NO MISTAKE! The midfielder steps up confidently and rolls the ball coolly into the bottom corner - sending Ospina the wrong way. 2-2!,1
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Lobotka is the second player to be withdrawn by Napoli, with Elmas coming on in his place.,0
Fabián RuizNapoli · Midfielder #8Gattuso looks to get some fresh legs on the pitch as he replaces Ruiz with Demme.,0
Zlatan IbrahimovićMilan · Striker #21The second switch is in attack as Ibrahimovic’s unimpressive match ends after an hour, with Leao in for him.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluMilan · Midfielder #10Milan end up making the changes, but it’s while they’re behind as Calhanoglu departs for Bonaventura.,0
Asst: J. CallejónGOAL! NAPOLI TAKE THE LEAD! It’s a simple goal as Callejon gets into the penalty area and drives towards the byline, cutting a pass back towards the six-yard box for Mertens - who gets on the end of it and puts a low shot towards goal which squirms under Donnarumma and over the line! 2-1!,1
Lucas PaquetáMilan · Midfielder #39Milan make a change at the half, with Saelemaekers taking the place of Paqueta.,0
GOAL! The free-kick is whipped into Donnarumma, who sees it late - forcing a late and unconvincing parry. The keeper gets two hands on the cross but pushes it right into the path of Di Lorenzo, who turns it in! 1-1!,1
ui is furious as he’s shown a yellow card - but it’s the correct decision from the referee as the Napoli full-back was late in his sliding challenge on Bennacer.,2
Asst: A. RebićMILAN TAKE THE LEAD! Immediately after giving up a goal-scoring chance, Milan take on of their own as Rebic receives a pass with his back to goal on the right, turns and fires a cross to the back post for Hernandez. The left-back gets into position at the perfect time and smashes a volley into the ground, which bounces above Ospina and into the roof of the net! 1-0!,1
Di Lorenzo and Hernandez both slide in to win the loose ball, but the Napoli full-back is deemed the aggressor after crunching into his counterpart. It’s a yellow card for Di Lorenzo.,2
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31A day to remember for Kesler-Hayden, who makes his Premier League debut in the final few minutes. Bailey helped create Villa's first goal and is given a rest.,0
Digne is not happy that Wolves are given a corner and is shown a yellow card for dissent.,2
Toti trips outside the box whilst chasing after Bailey and drags him down. The referee then shows him a yellow card.,2
Moussa DiabyAston Villa · Striker #19Diaby is on his way off after getting a goal and an assist to his name. Iroegbunam is on for his sixth Premier League appearance.,0
João GomesWolves · Midfielder #8Gomes is also given a rest and is replaced by Traore in the midfield.,0
Nélson SemedoWolves · Midfielder #22Doherty comes on for Semedo on the right. The Portugal international was bright for the Old Gold, showing quality both offensively and defensively.,0
Leon ChiwomeWolves · Striker #84Chiwome's Premier League debut is over, with the 18-year-old coming off for Fraser. It shows the visitors really lack strength off the bench due to their injury issues.,0
Kilman and Duran get into a scuffle, with the Wolves man going into the book as a result.,2
Duran is shown his fifth yellow card of the season for his part in the incident with Kilman.,2
Chirewa bundles into the back of Konsa before stopping the restart. He is then shown a yellow card.,2
Tommy DoyleWolves · Midfielder #20Chirewa is on for Wolves for just his third Premier League appearance, replacing Doyle, who had 72 touches in the midfield before coming off.,0
sst: M. DiabyGOALLLL! 2-0 VILLA! Was is a shot or cross from Konsa? Zaniolo comes inside from the left before sending a pass across to Diaby, who waits for support on the edge of the box. Konsa overlaps him, looping a cross-shot over Sa, against the post and into the net.,1
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Midfielder #3Hugo Bueno is on for Ait-Nouri. He missed a huge chance to give Wolves the lead in the first half.,0
Àlex MorenoAston Villa · Defender #15Emery makes a straight swap at left-back, with Digne coming on for Moreno.,0
Morgan RogersAston Villa · Midfielder #27Zaniolo scored an important equaliser against West Ham and is given the chance to make an impression on the bench, replacing Rogers, who has had a quiet second half.,0
Ollie WatkinsAston Villa · Striker #11A moment of concern for Villa, with striker Watkins coming off for Duran. It would be very surprising if he came off without being injured. Nevertheless, a huge chance for Duran to prove himself.,0
GOALLLL! WHAT A HIT FROM DIABY! 1-0 VILLA! The hosts have the lead! Luiz is over a free-kick, and he lifts his pass down the left to Bailey, who directs it straight to Diaby on the edge of the box. He is completely free, and he fires his first-time strike past Sa. Wolves went to sleep and were punished.,1
ielemans clips the heels of Ait-Nouri and is shown a yellow card. The Belgium international will have to be careful now after a needless tackle.,2
Sarabia stops Rogers from surging forward with possession in Wolves' half and is shown a yellow card.,2
ATAN SEES RED! Napoli will end the match with 10 men after Natan is shown a second yellow card. Looking to beat Romero to the ball, the centre-back clumsily bumps into his opponent, who had played it around him. It has given Garcia a late headache as we approach added time.,3
Marco PellegrinoMilan · Defender #31Pellegrino lasts just under 80 minutes in his debut, with the substitute limping to the touchline as Florenzi replaces him.,0
Zanoli lasts just 180 seconds on the pitch before being booked, shown a yellow card for a late, dangerous sliding tackle on Hernandez.,2
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Another goalscorer is recalled to the bench, with Zanoli giving Politano an early rest.,0
Olivier GiroudMilan · Striker #9Giroud is furious to be brought off, with the striker no doubt looking to seal the hat-trick. It’s Okafor who gets a chance to stretch his legs with under 10 minutes left.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Striker #10Pioli also sends Jovic on, with Leao a surprising choice to make way.,0
Musah is left with little alternative but to drag Kvaratskhelia down to the turf following a giveaway by Tomori inside his own half. It was all the midfielder could do to stop the attack, but it presents Napoli with another dangerous set-piece.,2
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Napoli make their fourth substitution of the match, sending Anguissa on to relieve Zielinski.,0
Di Lorenzo throws himself into Leao in order to stop the Portugal international from getting into the penalty area, which earns the Napoli captain a yellow card.,2
GAME ON! 2-2! Raspadori steps up and hammers his free-kick around the Milan wall and past the outstretched arm of Maignan, leaving the goalkeeper no chance as he levels the match from 20 yards out!,1
Romero is the latest player booked, with the referee deeming the winger’s tackle to be late before showing him a yellow card. It gives Napoli a real chance to test Maignan from a free-kick 20 yards from goal.,2
Reijnders receives a yellow card for a few cynical fouls on Politano in midfield.,2
atan is shown a yellow card for a foul on Giroud in midfield during a Milan build-up.,2
Asst: G. Di LorenzoNAPOLI GET ONE BACK! 2-1! Di Lorenzo lifts the ball over the head of Krunic, playing Politano into the penalty area. Pellegrino comes to head it away but miscues his clearance, allowing the winger to get past him before beating Hernandez and hammering a shot past a flailing Maignan!,1
Elif ElmasNapoli · Midfielder #7Elmas doesn't re-emerge from the interval for kick-off, with Simeone sent into the fray.,0
Amir RrahmaniNapoli · Defender #13Looking to add a bit more solidity in defence after conceding twice, Garcia puts Ostigard on in Rrahmani's spot.,0
Mário RuiNapoli · Defender #6Olivera replaces Rui at left-back in a half-time change for Napoli.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Striker #11Milan also make a switch before the restart, as Romero ends Pulisic's match after 45 minutes.,0
sst: D. CalabriaTHERE'S NO STOPPING HIM! 2-0! Musah looks to beat Rui on the right wing but losses possession after one too many stepovers. Calabria’s overlapping run gets him onto the ball and he immediately hits an outswinging cross with his right boot that finds the head of Giroud perfectly! From there, it’s a carbon copy - with the France international easily nodding his effort into the top corner!,1
sst: C. PulisicGIROUD DOES IT AGAIN! 1-0! It’s a connection made in London, with Pulisic cutting inside from the right wing to tease a delicate cross around the shoulder of the last defender for Giroud, who pops up and nods his header towards goal. Meret manages to get two hands to the ball but he can’t prevent it from going in!,1
Pierre KaluluMilan · Defender #20With Kalulu unable to continue past the 19th minute, Pellegrino comes on for his Milan debut. The Argentine, signed in the summer from Platense, has chosen quite the place to make his first appearance - at the Stadio Diego Armando Maradona.,0
Franck RibéryFiorentina · Striker #7Fiorentina's third change sees Ghezzal introduced in place of Ribery.,0
Benassi is the latest player to be booked after pushing over Hernandez on the right wing, but the delivery that follows is easily claimed by Dragowski.,2
Lirola is booked for bringing down Leao on the left flank, but the resulting delivery is wasted by Calhanoglue as it's easily cleared by the Fiorentina defence.,2
Federico ChiesaFiorentina · Striker #25Fiorentina's second change sees Boateng enter the fray in place of Chiesa.,0
Asst: T. HernándezGOOOAL! Leao makes it 3-1! He receives the ball on the left flank and then drives into the left-hand side of the box before skipping past the challenge of Milenkovic, and he then then tucks the ball underneath Dragowski into the bottom right-hand corner.,1
SusoMilan · Midfielder #8AC Milan make their third change as Castillejo is brought on in place of Suso.,0
Gaetano CastrovilliFiorentina · Midfielder #8Fiorentina's first change sees Castrovilli replaced by Benassi.,0
sst: F. ChiesaGOOOAL! Ribery makes it 3-0 to Fiorentina! Chiesa embarks on a mazing run towards the edge of the box before playing through Ribery on his left, and he then cuts inside before drilling a fine finish into the bottom left-hand corner.,1
OOOAL! Castrovilli makes it 2-0 to Fiorentina! Milenkovic drives forward from deep before laying it off to Chiesa on the right-hand side of the area and he sees his delivery pushed away by Donnarumma, but Castrovilli is on hand to side-foot the ball home from inside the box.,1
Krzysztof PiątekMilan · Striker #9AC Milna make their second change of the match with Piatek making way for Duarte just before the hour mark.,0
RED CARD! The referee decides that Musacchio's challenge on Ribery was more dangerous than he origingally thought and the defender receives his marching orders.,3
Pezzella is shown a yellow card for bringing down Piatek after he intercepted Ribery's misplaced pass.,2
Franck KessiéMilan · Midfielder #79AC Milan make their first change as Krunic replaces Kessie for the start of the second half.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAL! Pulgar makes no mistake from the spot as he side-foots the ball into the bottom right-hand corner to make it 1-0 to Fiorentina!,1
ennacer is booked for his late challenge on Chiesa inside the box.,2
righton win a free-kick and White steps across to kick the ball away from where it's been placed. It's a needless booking to pick up at this stage.,2
Kai HavertzArsenal · Striker #29There's another double change for Arsenal, and Arteta is freshening up his forward line. Havertz, who scored the second goal today, goes off for Nketiah.,0
Asst: K. HavertzTROSSARD SCORES! He seals the points for Arsenal against his former club! Brighton committed a lot of bodies forward in their last attack, and Havertz profits from a loose touch to slide it forward through the middle. Trossard has the beating of Van Hecke, and he races onto the ball before chipping a lovely finish over Verbruggen into the back of the net. 3-0 Arsenal!,1
he yellow card is out again, this time for Saliba after he gets too tight to Pedro and clumsily sends him to ground.,2
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Brighton are also making another change. Welbeck hasn't been able to make an impact against his former club, failing to have a single shot, and he's replaced by Fati.,0
Baleba knows he isn't going to be able to catch Havertz, and he drags the German back to earn the first yellow card of the game.,2
Oleksandr ZinchenkoArsenal · Defender #35Arsenal's third change sees Tomiyasu coming on in place of Zinchenko.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7And Saka's minutes are still being managed after his recent injury, so he's replaced by Martinelli.,0
Gabriel JesusArsenal · Striker #9For Arsenal, Jesus, who has missed three great chances in this game, goes off for Trossard, who doesn't come on to the warmest reception from the home fans.,0
Julio EncisoBrighton · Midfielder #10Both sides are making a double change. Brighton are first up, and Enciso, who gave the ball away in the build-up to the goal, is replaced by Pedro.,0
Jakub ModerBrighton · Midfielder #15And Moder is also making way, with Buonanotte on in his place.,0
Asst: JorginhoHAVERTZ SCORES! Enciso cheaply gives the ball away deep in his own half, and Odegaard profits, sliding it down the right for Jorginho. He plays his low cross into the middle early, and Havertz gets in front of Van Hecke to poke it past Verbruggen from close range. 2-0 Arsenal!,1
enalty GoalSAKA SCORES! It's a confident penalty from the winger, as he strides up to the spot and fires a powerful shot into the bottom-left corner of the net. Verbruggen dives the right way, and Arsenal have a deserved lead. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
Asst: J. AlbaBARCELONA BACK IN FRONT! Another twist in the tale sees substitute Luuk de Jong rewarded for a bold run to the near post, as he powers a header past Cardenas from Alba's outswinging cross. Incredibly, the Catalans have surely stolen all three points: it's 3-2!,1
José Luis MoralesLevante · Striker #11For an excellent performance, Morales receives a warm round of applause from the home fans, as Pubill comes on for the final stages.,0
raujo is booked late on, and will miss Barcelona's next match as a result.,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Dembele is also replaced; Traore comes on to run the right flank.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangBarcelona · Striker #25Barcelona's first goalscorer Aubameyang is taken off, and Luuk de Jong makes his return from illness up front.,0
Penalty GoalLEVANTE LEVEL! Once again, Morales opts against taking another spot-kick, but Melero makes no mistake - thumping the ball confidently past Ter Stegen and into the bottom-left corner of the net! With a few minutes to go, it's now 2-2!,1
Dani AlvesBarcelona · Defender #8After a difficult day at the office, Alves is withdrawn by Xavi, and Lenglet replaces him at right-back.,0
Rúben VezoLevante · Defender #14Vezo also comes off for the home side, and Cantero is brought on.,0
Nemanja RadojaLevante · Midfielder #5Lisci makes another double change. First, Radoja is taken off, to be replaced by the enigmatic Bardhi.,0
José CampañaLevante · Midfielder #24Levante also replace Campana with Melero, as they look to recover their equilibrium.,0
Roger MartíLevante · Striker #9After his penalty miss, a dejected Marti is replaced by Gomez up front.,0
Asst: GaviPEDRI PUTS BARCELONA IN FRONT! The young substitutes combine, as Pedri steers a shot from near the penalty spot into the bottom-left corner following Gavi's ball into the box. All of a sudden, the visitors lead 2-1!,1
Asst: O. DembéléBARCELONA LEVEL! Within minutes of almost going two goals behind, the Blaugrana equalise, as Aubameyang powers a header into the back of the net from Dembele's right-wing cross. Now it's 1-1, and the momentum has surely shifted!,1
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21Another midfield swap sees Frenkie De Jong make way for Gavi.,0
Nico GonzálezBarcelona · Midfielder #14Xavi has seen enough! Gonzalez is hauled off, and Pedri is thrown on to turn the game around in midfield.,0
Penalty GoalLEVANTE LEAD! Morales sends Ter Stegen the wrong way with a cool penalty kick into the bottom-right corner, and the hosts have a merited advantage: It's 1-0 to Levante!,1
With a slightly mistimed sliding challenge in midfield, Campana incurs the first yellow card of the game for bringing down Busquets in central midfield.,2
Bastoni is booked after he clatters into the back of Berardi, stopping the striker from turning and breaking forward on the counter.,2
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9Late Inter change here, with Lukaku coming off and he has been replaced by Vecino.,0
sst: A. DuncanGOOOAAALLL! It's now 4-3! Sassuolo are throwing everything at this game and Boga has now put them within one goal of Inter. It's a wonderful run from the Sassuolo man, beating three Inter defenders, cutting inside from the left wing and placing the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1
Mert MüldürSassuolo · Defender #17Third and final Sassuolo substitution, with Muldur coming off and he has been replaced by Toljan.,0
Lazaro is booked just two minutes after coming onto the pitch, for his foul on Tripaldelli.,2
Asst: F. CaputoGOOOAAALLL! Sassuolo pull one back, it's 4-2! Djuricic with a good finish from just inside the penalty area, passing the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net through the legs of a few Inter defenders. Caputo moved out wide and drilled the ball into the path of his team-mate, who produced a fine finish.,1
Antonio CandrevaInter · Midfielder #87Another Inter substitution now, as Candreva comes off and Lazaro replaces him for his first taste of Serie A football for the visitors.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10That's the final act of the game for Martinez, he is replaced by Politano.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Martinez steps up to take the penalty and he converts to make it 4-1 to Inter! Lukaku misses the chance to get his hat-trick as Martinez takes responsibility and he makes no mistakes with the finish, sending Consigli the wrong way.,1
Hamed TraorèSassuolo · Midfielder #23Sassuolo make their second change of the game, with Traore coming off and he has been replaced by Duricic.,0
Pedro ObiangSassuolo · Midfielder #14Sassuolo have made their first substitution of the game, with Obiang coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Boga.,0
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Lukaku converts the penalty and makes it 3-1 to Inter from the spot! A second goal for the Belgian, he sends Consigli the wrong way, putting the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1
e Vrij is the first Inter player to be booked, for a foul on Caputo.,2
agnanelli is booked after he brings Martinez down right on the edge of the penalty area and it hands Inter a free-kick in a very good shooting position.,2
sst: S. de VrijGOOOAAALLL! Lukaku makes it 2-1 to Inter! That's his fourth Serie A goal of the season. Peluso doesn't get close enough to the striker as De Vrij drills the pass into Lukaku's feet and the Belgian turns him deep inside the penalty area and then powers the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1
nother Sassuolo player is shown a yellow card, Duncan is booked for his challenge on Lukaku.,2
Obiang is the first player to be booked after his late and strong challenge on Barella. The Inter man stays down, but it looks like he should be fine to continue.,2
Asst: H. TraorèGOOOAAALLL! Sassuolo are level, it's 1-1! Berardi with a superb finish, getting past Biraghi in the penalty area and drilling the ball past Handanovic and into the far left-hand corner of the net, with his weaker right foot.,1
Asst: M. BrozovićGOOOAAALLL! What a start for Inter, they lead 1-0 after just two minutes! They won a corner early on, which Sassuolo initially clear, but the visitors work the ball back into the final third and it comes to Martinez on the left-hand side of the box, he cuts inside and curls it into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1
Retsos is shown a yellow card for a rash challenge on the halfway line.,2
Asst: L. FreemanSHARP!!! 2-1 SHEFFIELD UNITED! It had to be him! The skipper gains a yard of space at the far post to meet Freeman's pinpoint cross and firmly plant a header beyond Rafael.,1
Andy RinomhotaReading · Midfielder #8Reading respond with a double-change. The first sees Rinomhota withdrawn in favour of Sam Baldock.,0
Luke FreemanSheffield United · Midfielder #8United also turn to the bench with the impressive Freeman given a well-earned rest. Panagiotis Retsos comes on for his debut.,0
Yakou MéïtéReading · Midfielder #19Meanwhile, Garath McCleary is introduced with Meite making way.,0
Sander BergeSheffield United · Midfielder #32United also turn to the bench, introducing Jack Robinson in favour of Berge.,0
Michael OliseReading · Midfielder #21Another Reading change sees Olise make way for Ayub Masika.,0
Ovie EjariaReading · Midfielder #14That was Ejaria's last action as he goes off to be replaced by Pele.,0
David McGoldrickSheffield United · Striker #17United make another change as McGoldrick makes way to be replaced by Billy Sharp.,0
Lys MoussetSheffield United · Striker #22United make their first change of the game as Mousset goes off to be replaced by Oli McBurnie.,0
inomhota is shown the first yellow card of the game for pulling back Freeman, who was threatening to counter for United.,2
Penalty GoalNO MISTAKE FROM PUSCAS!!! 1-1! The Romanian steps up and calmly plants his penalty into the bottom corner and well out of Henderson's reach.,1
Asst: B. OsbornWHAT A START!!! McGOLDRICK HEADS SHEFFIELD UNITED IN FRONT AFTER JUST 85 SECONDS! Freeman wins the ball back in midfield and drives forward before feeding Osborn, whose delicious cross is guided home by McGoldrick.,1
eus breezes past Pavard before Upamecano clatters into him to stop the run. He gets nowhere near the ball and is shown a yellow card.,2
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Fourth change for Bayern now as Coman is taken off and replaced by Nianzou.,0
ewandowski was going for the ball, but he was late as he stepped on Bellingham's shin, and he also has his name taken by the referee.,2
Bellingham pushes into Neuer after the goalkeeper clears his lines. It's a needless foul for him to give away and it's earned him a yellow card.,2
Raphaël GuerreiroDortmund · Defender #13Guerreiro also makes way, with Schulz on in his place. ,0
Erling HaalandDortmund · Striker #9There's a double change for Dortmund now as Haaland is taken off and replaced by Tigges.,0
enalty GoalLEWANDOWSKI SCORES! He tries to catch the keeper out by stopping just before hitting the spot-kick; he hops and drills it towards the bottom-right corner. Kobel still dives the right way and gets a touch, but he can't stop it from nestling in the back of the net. 3-2 Bayern! ,1
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Hernandez tried to carry on, but he's struggling to put weight on his ankle. He's taken off and replaced by Sule.,0
Julian BrandtDortmund · Midfielder #19Brandt goes off to a standing ovation from the fans in the stadium and Wolf is brought on in his place. ,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8And Goretzka is also being taken off, with Musiala on in his place. ,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Double change for Bayern now and Sane is the first to make way, with Gnabry on in his place.,0
Mahmoud DahoudDortmund · Midfielder #8Dortmund are making the first change of the game and it's Dahoud that's going off for Malen.,0
Can is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Lewandowski with a late challenge.,2
sst: J. BellinghamHAALAND EQUALISES! It looks like the chance is gone after Meunier plays it behind Reus, but Bellingham latches onto Upamecano's clearance. He lays it off to Haaland, who curls a lovely shot past Neuer and in off the outside of the far post. 2-2! ,1
COMAN SCORES! It's another mistake from Dortmund at the back as Guerreiro hits his clearance against Hummels and it pinballs straight to Coman's feet. He takes a touch before firing his shot over a back-tracking Guerreiro on the goal line and into the roof of the net. 2-1 Bayern!,1
sst: T. MüllerLEWANDOWSKI SCORES! Hummels thinks he has time on the ball, but Muller blocks his pass before breaking quickly through the middle. Muller carries it towards the edge of the box before Lewandowski takes over and slots his shot past Kobel and into the right corner to equalise. 1-1!,1
Asst: J. BellinghamBRANDT SCORES! It's all too easy for Dortmund from the drop ball as Guerreiro lifts it over the top to Bellingham. He curls a cross into Brandt on the edge of the box, and he keeps his composure as he takes it away from Hernandez. Neuer rushes out, but Brandt rifles his shot into the back of the net. 1-0 Dortmund! ,1
Renan LodiNottm Forest · Midfielder #32Looking to get more attacking players on the pitch, Cooper sends on Ayew for Lodi.,0
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9Surridge replaces Awoniyi with just three minutes remaining.,0
FelipeNottm Forest · Defender #38One final swap for Forest sees Dennis given a chance. Felipe is the man to make way.,0
illiams leaves his leg outstretched and catches Diaz, bringing down the substitute in midfield. It’s a yellow card for the Forest wing-back; the first booking of the game.,2
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17The ageless Milner is trusted by Klopp to see out the remainder of the game, with Jones making way.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Jota is recalled to the bench before he can complete his hat-trick, with the forward coming off the pitch to loud applause. Diaz enters the fray with nine minutes left.,0
Remo FreulerNottm Forest · Midfielder #23Johnson comes on for Freuler with Forest looking for another equaliser with 14 minutes left.,0
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldANOTHER TWIST IN THE TALE! 3-2 LIVERPOOL! Again a free-kick puts Forest to the sword, with Salah initially winning the set-piece after a foul from Felipe. Alexander-Arnold swings the ball into the far post where it’s met by Salah, whose first-time effort despite being off-balance beats Navas from close range!,1
FOREST BRING THEMSELVES LEVEL AGAIN! 2-2! Niakhate again threatens the Liverpool penalty area with a long throw-in, looking for Felipe at the near post. It’s Van Dijk who wins the battle but he heads it directly to an open Gibbs-White, who throws himself at the chance and beats Alisson with a lovely scissor-style finish from 16 yards out!,1
FabinhoLiverpool · Midfielder #3Fabinho is also replaced on the hour, with Thiago sent on in his place.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Liverpool make their first change of the match, with Nunez replacing Gakpo at striker.,0
Asst: A. RobertsonLIVERPOOL AREN’T FINISHED YET! 2-1! Robertson’s free-kick from the left flank finds Jota on the penalty spot, in inexplicable amounts of space. The Portugal international has time to bring the ball down with his chest, before keeping it up with his knee and finally picking out a powerful volley that beats Navas at his far post!,1
sst: M. Gibbs-WhiteFOREST FIND THEIR EQUALISER! 1-1! The immutable law of the ex-player has come back to haunt Liverpool, with a turnover in possession following a throw-in leading to an immediate chance for the visitors. Gibbs-White keeps the ball between two defenders and opens play with a switch to the right side for Williams, the former Red, who takes a touch before smashing a shot that Alisson’s hand can do nothing about!,1
Asst: FabinhoLIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! There’s little surprise that the hosts break the deadlock through a set-piece, with Alexander-Arnold’s lovely corner-kick bouncing somewhat unfortunately off of Niakhate and straight to Fabinho. Unselfishly, the Brazil international puts his header across the face of goal for Jota, who beats Lodi to the ball and turns it into an empty net!,1
Scott McKennaNottm Forest · Defender #26Confirmation of the enforced change on the half-hour mark, with Worrall stepping into the defence to replace the injured McKenna.,0
Arnaut DanjumaEverton · Midfielder #10Danjuma is unable to continue, and Dobbin is the player to replace him for Everton.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Dyche makes a like-for-like change in attack, with Beto entering the fray in place of Calvert-Lewin.,0
Ashley YoungEverton · Midfielder #18Patterson comes on to replace Young on the right-hand side for Everton.,0
Issa DiopFulham · Defender #31Silva makes an alteration at the back. Diop appeared to be struggling, and Ream will replace him.,0
Raúl JiménezFulham · Striker #7Silva makes a change at half-time, with Muniz coming on in place of Jimenez in attack for Fulham.,0
Branthwaite goes into the book for a strong challenge on Jimenez in the middle of the pitch.,2
Fulham look to break with Willian on the left-hand side, but Godfrey pulls him back and the referee awards a yellow.,2
Palhinha goes into the book for a late challenge on Harrison just outside the Fulham penalty area.,2
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Atletico make one last change. Carrasco makes way for Felipe.,0
Youssef En-NesyriSevilla · Striker #15Sevilla make one last throw of the dice. En-Nesyri off. El Haddadi on.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Atletico substitution. Suarez, who's had nothing to do in this half, is replaced by Torreira.,0
Jesús NavasSevilla · Defender #16The next player on to try to turn things around for Sevilla is Torres. He replaces Navas.,0
SusoSevilla · Striker #7Lopetegui reacts immediately, making two changes. De Jong is first. He's on for Suso.,0
sst: M. LlorenteGOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 2-0 SEVILLA! This Atletico side are so clinical. They've surely secured the three points here. Out of nowhere Llorente bursts down the right and finds Saul. Saul shoots from the edge of the area and finds the bottom right corner.,1
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Simeone adds more fresh legs in midfield as Saul comes on for Lemar.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Here are those Atletico changes. Joao Felix is on for Correa first.,0
Joan JordánSevilla · Midfielder #8Jordan is the player to make way for Oscar. Sevilla would certainly benefit from some more creativity.,0
Meanwhile, Savic gets booked for a clumsy foul on En-Nesyri about 35 yards out.,2
oke earns himself the game's first yellow card for a late, high challenge that leaves both him and his opponent on the turf.,2
Asst: K. TrippierGOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 SEVILLA! Correa gives Atletico the lead! It's a smart finish from the Argentine who has time to turn and shoot in the box from Trippier's cutback. It beats Bounou low at his near post to find the bottom right corner.,1
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Lacazette, who broke the deadlock for this game and the season, makes way for Nketiah.,0
Granit XhakaArsenal · Midfielder #34Perhaps Xhaka has not recovered from the earlier Hector challenge. He is replaced by Ceballos.,0
WillianArsenal · Striker #12A fine Willian debut comes to an end after two assists. Pepe, Arsenal's record buy, is on.,0
Josh OnomahFulham · Midfielder #25Onomah has struggled to get involved in the game. On comes Reid.,0
Neeskens KebanoFulham · Midfielder #7Zambo Anguissa, who enjoyed a strong loan spell at Villarreal last season, is back to replace Kebano.,0
Aboubakar KamaraFulham · Striker #47Unsurprisingly, here come the Fulham changes. Talisman Mitrovic is on for Kamara.,0
Frustration is growing for Fulham. Cairney takes Willian down as he advances. Yellow card.,2
Asst: WillianGOOAAALLLL!!! AUBAMEYANG! Outstanding! 3-0! Arsenal counter in clinical fashion. Aubameyang has men up in support as he cuts in from the left but prefers instead to pick out the top-right corner. A stunning move, a stunning finish.,1
ellerin is the latest man booked as he drags Cavaleiro to the ground just outside the box on the Fulham left.,2
sst: WillianGOOAAALLLL!!! GABRIEL! Debut goal! 2-0 Arsenal! This is so simple. A corner comes in from the right and Gabriel is there in the centre of the goal to nod straight through Rodak. In an increasingly assured first appearance, he has a goal.,1
Odoi has taken a kick a couple of times already. The latest challenge earns Aubameyang a yellow card.,2
ector goes into the book for a foul on Lacazette from behind, just outside the Fulham box.,2
OOAAALLLL!!! LACAZETTE! Against the run of play! Arsenal have a scrappy opener! Aubameyang squares from the left and Ream makes a real mess of a clearance as he blocks Xhaka's low shot. Willian is gifted a huge chance for a debut goal but Rodak saves, only for the ball to run for Lacazette to slam in from two yards out.,1
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez is replaced by Valero after an excellent performance spearheading the Inter attack - penalty aside. ,0
Candreva is booked in the celebrations for removing his shirt. ,2
Asst: M. BrozovićINTER SCORE AGAIN! 2-0! Guerreiro loses possession inside the Inter half, before Brozovic immediately slides Candreva through on the counter-attack. Inter then had a two-on-two and Candreva continued to drive towards goal while Weigl backed off, before slotting an assured finish in at the near post!,1
Hummels is booked for a nasty looking challenge on Gagliardini near the halfway line as time slowly runs out for Dortmund.,2
Thorgan HazardDortmund · Striker #23Hazard is replaced by Guerreiro as Dortmund look to make Inter pay late on for the missed penalty. ,0
Kwadwo AsamoahInter · Midfielder #18Asamoah is replaced by Biraghi after a strong performance down the left flank. ,0
Weigl is booked for a late lunge on Martinez in the centre of the pitch.  ,2
odin is booked for a cynical challenge that halted another Dortmund attack. ,2
Manuel AkanjiDortmund · Defender #16Akanji is replaced by Bruun Larsen as Dortmund continue to push men forward. ,0
Thomas DelaneyDortmund · Midfielder #6Dahoud comes on for Delaney as Dortmund search for a slightly more attacking midfielder in the centre of the pitch.   ,0
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9Lukaku is replaced by the 17-year-old, Esposito, as Inter look for an injection of energy up front.   ,0
Brozovic tries to slide Barella in behind, but Akanji gets there first and Barella ends up lunging in late on the Dortmund defender, earning himself a clear yellow card. ,2
Brozovic is booked for a deliberate handball near the touchline 40 yards from goal. ,2
Asst: S. de VrijINTER TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Martinez latches onto De Vrij's clipped lob over the top of the defence and takes one touch, before poking a smart finish beyond the onrushing Burki! ,1
Zaniolo is cautioned late in the match for a foul on Costa. Roma have about 60 seconds to find a dramatic equaliser at the home of the champions.,2
An unhappy Schick goes in on Chiellini and becomes the second Roma player to see yellow.,2
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Allegri also turns to his bench by introducing Costa for Dybala. That's three changes made by Roma and two by Juventus.,0
Steven NzonziRoma · Midfielder #42Dzeko is introduced with around 10 minutes to play, taking over from Nzonzi for the closing stages. Roma have been too blunt in attack today - will this change make any difference?,0
Cengiz ÜnderRoma · Striker #17Perotti is brought on for Roma in the visitors' second change of the match. Under is the player to make way.,0
Miralem PjanićJuventus · Midfielder #5Can is brought on for Pjanic in a like-for-like change in central midfield, with Allegri keen to freshen things up for the final 20 minutes.,0
Alessandro FlorenziRoma · Defender #24Di Francesco turns to his bench at the interval by taking off Florenzi and bringing on Kluivert, who scored his first Serie A goal in Roma's last outing.,0
Nzonzi becomes the first player to be shown a yellow card following a challenge on goalscorer Mandzukic.,2
Asst: M. De SciglioGOOOAAALLL!! Juventus 1-0 Roma! Mandzukic ends Roma's resistance by heading home De Sciglio's cross at the back post. As simple as you like from the hosts' perspective - De Sciglio stood the ball up and Mandzukic got to it ahead of Santon.,1
ovren brings down Delort with a firm challenge and goes into the book.,2
Ludovic BlasNantes · Midfielder #10Guessand enters the action to replace Blas, who has made the decisive impact in the game.,0
umbedi charges forward and goes down under pressure from Girotto. The Nantes man is booked and Lyon have a free-kick on the edge of the penalty area.,2
Rayan CherkiLyon · Midfielder #18Cherki has not been effective tonight and makes way for Jefferson.,0
Corentin TolissoLyon · Midfielder #88In need of a goal, Blanc takes off Tolisso and replaces him with Dembele in the final third.,0
Mostafa MohamedNantes · Striker #31Mohamed is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Delort.,0
Moussa SissokoNantes · Midfielder #17Mollet is on for Sissoko with a little over 10 minutes left to play.,0
Thiago MendesLyon · Midfielder #23Caqueret enters the action to replace Mendes for the visitors.,0
Asst: F. CentonzeWHAT A GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! BLAS PUTS NANTES AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side get their deserved opener as Blas scores a stunner to put his team in front in the semi-final. Centonze floats a long ball over the top into the Lyon box where Blas brings it down with his back to goal. The winger turns and blasts a left-footed strike on the half-volley into the top-right corner giving Lopes no chance.,1
Sinaly DiomandéLyon · Defender #2Diomande makes way for the visitors and is replaces by Aouar.,0
Tolisso catches Blas with a lunge and goes into the book. Nantes have a chance to knock the resulting free-kick forward from just inside the Lyon half.,2
Rémy DescampsNantes · Goalkeeper #16Descamps has been struggling with a knock and is replaced by Lafont between the posts.,0
sst: M. VargasGOOAALLL! Wu fires in the equaliser, brilliant finish! The stadium goes absolutely berserk as the substitute gets in behind down the right channel from Vargas' pass, drives straight towards goal and fires a superb right-footed finish across Neto and into the bottom-left corner.,1
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #17Valverde looks to shore things up with his team a man light, right-back Semedo coming on in place of Griezmann for the final 10 minutes.,0
Red card! This game gets a little more interesting as De Jong is shown a second yellow for a clear pull on Calleri's shirt. He was trying to make amends for losing the ball in midfield, and Pique puts a consolatory arm around the youngster's shoulder as he trudges off. He can't have any complaints.,3
Óscar MelendoEspanyol · Midfielder #14Espanyol make their third and final change, Chinese international Wu coming on for Melendo.,0
David LópezEspanyol · Midfielder #15A second change for Espanyol, as Iturraspe comes on for David Lopez.,0
De Jong is booked for fouling the substitute Vargas on the counter. ,2
Víctor GómezEspanyol · Midfielder #34Abelardo makes his first change, Vargas coming on for Gomez.,0
Asst: L. SuárezGOOAAAALLL! Vidal makes it 2-1 from the bench, the turnaround is complete! It's a quick Barca attack upfield. Suarez picks up a loose ball at the left side of the area, does well to chip it around one defender before scooping it towards the far post where Vidal powers a header into the top-right corner.,1
sst: J. AlbaGOOAALL! 1-1, Suarez levels it up out of nowhere! De Jong finds Alba in space on the left, he whips a low cross in towards the corner of the six-yard box and Suarez touches it in at the near post. Simple but deadly.,1
Ivan RakitićBarcelona · Midfielder #4Valverde does the sensible thing, taking my advice and bringing on Vidal at half-time. Rakitic is the man replaced. Barca win and I get a contract, right?,0
Javi Lopez sees the first yellow card of the evening for a late challenge on Griezmann on the Barca left.,2
Asst: M. RocaGOOOOAALL! Espanyol lead 1-0, it's David Lopez with a free header! The free-kick on the right is fired in beautifully by the left foot of Roca, nobody tracks Lopez and he flicks it inside the far post! There is a VAR check for offside, but a flaf-footed Suarez is just playing him on.,1
Aleksandar MitrovićFulham · Striker #9Fulham make more changes to take up time, and Mitrovic is withdrawn for Carlos Vinicius up front.,0
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #6Reed also comes off, and ex-Leeds academy product Tom Cairney will see out the game in his place.,0
Asst: J. GelhardtGOOOOOAAALLL!!!! Leeds have pulled one back!!! Gelhardt drives forward and plays a one-two with Bamford. He squeezes it through to Summerville, who prods the ball beyond an onrushing Leno, and it rolls into the net to make it 3-2!!! Can Leeds go one better here?,1
WillianFulham · Midfielder #20Willian's first goal for the Cottagers looks to have put the game beyond Leeds' reach, and Shane Duffy comes on for him to ensure Leeds don't pull a goal back.,0
Pascal StruijkLeeds United · Defender #21Struijk is withdrawn late on by Marsch, with Joe Gelhardt coming on for the last few minutes.,0
Asst: H. ReedGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! That should do it!!! Reed steps past Koch in the box, and cuts the ball back across goal, with Willian stretching across to slide the ball into the bottom corner!!! 3-1 to Fulham with just over five minutes remaining, and that will see off Leeds, and might just see off Jesse Marsch too!!,1
Sam GreenwoodLeeds United · Midfielder #42Greenwood's done well in the centre of midfield, and Marsch brings him off for Mateusz Klich, who has been a source of late goals for Leeds in past seasons.,0
Asst: A. PereiraGOOOOAAALLL!!! Fulham get their noses in front!!! The initial corner is cleared, but Pereira crosses back into the box. The unmarked De Cordova-Reid meets it at the front post, and it's another glancing header across Meslier and into the far corner!!! Two awful pieces of defending from Leeds have yielded two goals, and that one from their makeshift right-back puts them 2-1 in front!,1
Luis SinisterraLeeds United · Midfielder #23Sinisterra has been the Whites' most creative outlet along with Aaronson, but is carrying a knock and comes off for Crysencio Summerville.,0
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Striker #19Leeds also make their first changes, with goalscorer Rodrigo coming off for Patrick Bamford.,0
Harry WilsonFulham · Midfielder #8Wilson comes off in Fulham's first change, and is replaced by the man he replaced in the starting XI, Neeskens Kebano.,0
Robinson looks to contest a 50-50 with Greenwood, but arrives significantly later and catches the Leeds midfielder, and is booked for the challenge.,2
alhinha looks to put Pereira into space, but Cooper slides across and catches the Fulham playmaker with a woeful challenge, and the Leeds captain picks up a well-deserved booking.,2
sst: A. PereiraGOOOOAAALLLL!!! The Cottagers hit back!!! Pereira's corner finds a free Mitrovic at the front post, and the clinical Serb flicks a header beyond Meslier and into the back of the net!!! Woeful defence from Leeds, and it means we're level once more at 1-1!,1
GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! Leeds strike first!!!! Aaronson's throughball for Harrison is missed by Robinson, giving the winger time and space to shoot. He does so, but the low effort is parried by Leno, but Rodrigo reacts quickest to head the loose ball into the net and put Leeds 1-0 up!!! Elland Road is in raptures, but will also be breathing a sigh of relief as Leeds lead!!,1
Chris BashamSheffield United · Defender #6Sheffield United make a change as Osborn replaces Basham.,0
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9No hat-trick today for Abraham as he is replaced by Gilmour.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Batshuayi comes onto the pitch for Chelsea with Kovacic the departing player.,0
Luke FreemanSheffield United · Midfielder #8Luke Freeman makes way as Mousset enters the fray for the visitors.,0
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9As predicted at half-time McGoldrick comes on for Sheffield United with McBurnie making way.,0
Ross BarkleyChelsea · Midfielder #8Barkley is the first player to be substituted today with Willian the replacement.,0
Asst: E. StevensGOOALLLL!!!! Sheffield United get on the scoresheet just seconds into the half! Stevens gets to the byline on the left and cuts a ball back right into the path of Robinson who opened his body, and finished into the right side of goal! Chelsea 2-1 Sheffield United,1
ot entirely sure what has prompted it, but McBurnie gets into a bit of a shouting match with the referee, and the former is shown yellow.,2
OOALLLL! Chelsea double their lead! Abraham drifts behind the defence and, after a failed headed clearance, the ball fell kindly to the forward who squeezed his right-footed effort under a diving Henderson! Chelsea 2-0 Sheffield United,1
OOOOALLLL!!! Chelsea take the lead! Henderson spilt the initial flick by Pulisic, and the ball fell to Abraham who finished coolly into an empty net! Embarrassing error from the goalkeeper, but Abraham did well to score his third goal in the last two matches! Chelsea 1-0 Sheffield United,1
Mauro IcardiInter · Striker #9Icardi does not look too happy as he is sacrificed with just seconds on the clock. Full-back Cedric is introduced to shore up the backline.,0
Biabiany is cautioned for a sloppy challenge. That will eat up more valuable seconds for Inter.,2
Radja NainggolanInter · Midfielder #14Nainggolan is taken off in Inter's second change of the match and Gagliardini is brought on in his place. Can the incoming player make a similiar impact to fellow sub Martinez?,0
Juraj KuckaParma · Midfielder #87Sprocati comes on for Kucka as Parma make their third and final change. The hosts have just over five minutes to rescue a point.,0
Asst: R. NainggolanGOOOAAALLL!!! PARMA 0-1 INTER! Martinez makes an instant impact from the bench, scoring within two minutes of being introduced by Spalletti. Barilla is caught on the ball by Perisic and Parma are in trouble from that point on, with Nainggolan sliding it through for Martinez, who shows good strength and desire to blast the ball high into the net despite losing his balance.,1
Matteo ScozzarellaParma · Midfielder #21Stulac is on for Scozzarella as Parma make their second change of the contest.,0
João MárioInter · Midfielder #15Martinez comes on for Joao Mario in a change that probably should have been made about 15 minutes ago. Inter finally have something a little different in the final third.,0
Gagliolo trips Joao Mario, who was looking to break away, and picks up a yellow card that will rule him out of Parma's next match.,2
Luca SiligardiParma · Striker #26Parma make the first change of the contest, bringing on Biabiany for Siligardi with a little over half an hour to play.,0
ecino is the first player to enter the referee's book for a late challenge on Gagliolo, though he did appear to get a bit of the ball first.,2
Jonathan SchmidSC Freiburg · Midfielder #7SUB: Freiburg bring on Schlotterbeck as they attempt to see out the draw. Schmid makes way.,0
Christopher NkunkuRB Leipzig · Midfielder #18SUB: Leipzig's third change is an attacking one. Schick comes in for Nkunku.,0
sst: K. KamplGOOAAALLLL!!! Finally! 1-1! Poulsen levels for Leipzig. Kampl, who has been brilliant, crosses, and Poulsen is up above everyone to tower a header into the bottom-left corner. The hosts deserve that goal and will now fancy another.,1
Tyler AdamsRB Leipzig · Midfielder #14SUB: Leipzig respond with a change of their own. Sabitzer, who scored twice against Tottenham in the Champions League last time out, is on for Adams.,0
Vincenzo GrifoSC Freiburg · Midfielder #32SUB: It's a double substitution for Freiburg, as the highly rated Waldschmidt replaces Grifo.,0
Nils PetersenSC Freiburg · Striker #18SUB: Freiburg's top scorer has scarcely been involved and makes way for Haberer.,0
Roland SallaiSC Freiburg · Midfielder #22SUB: Sallai, who was booked early on, makes way for Holer.,0
Nordi MukieleRB Leipzig · Defender #22SUB: A first change for Leipzig. Lookman, a winger, replaces Mukiele, who had been playing at centre-back. An interesting switch.,0
sst: V. GrifoGOOAAALLLL!!! Incredible! 1-0 Freiburg! Gulde scores an unorthodox opener completely against the run of play. A rare corner for the visitors is delivered low and Gulde flicks the ball in with his heel as he leaps at the near post. It does not look entirely intentional, but that matters not.,1
YELLOW: The first booking of the match goes to Sallai for a high challenge on Poulsen. The Leipzig man is caught on the knee.,2
Moussa SissokoTottenham · Midfielder #17Pochettino also makes his final change of the match as he brings on Lucas in place of Sissoko.,0
Gylfi SigurðssonEverton · Midfielder #10Sigurdsson is taken off now as he is replaced by Tosun in Everton's final change.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7Son isn't given the chance to get his hat-trick as he is replaced by Skipp.,0
RicharlisonEverton · Midfielder #30Silva makes his second change of the game now as Bernard comes on to replace Richarlison.,0
Asst: H. SonKANE GETS HIS SECOND OF THE GAME! Everton's high line has constantly caught them out in this game as Spurs get in behind them again. The move is good and Kane is in the middle of the box to get his boot to the cross and his shot is hit diagonally across goal and Pickford didn't get close. 6-2 Spurs!,1
Eriksen is shown the yellow card after preventing Davies from taking a quick free-kick.,2
sst: E. LamelaSON SCORES SPURS' FIFTH! It looks like he was just offside, but the linesman didn't raise his flag, and Son gets around the static Everton defence and his shot goes through Pickford's legs. 5-2 Spurs!,1
André GomesEverton · Midfielder #8Schneiderlin comes on to replace Gomes in Everton's first substitution of the match.,0
Asst: RicharlisonSIGURDSSON PULLS ONE BACK FOR EVERTON! He is surrounded by Spurs defenders but he moves across the box to create more space for himself and once he does, he hits his shot low under Lloris' outstretched hand. 4-2!,1
SPURS HAVE A FOURTH! The ball came back to Eriksen in the centre of the box; the shot is hit sweetly and Pickford can't get close to it as it nestles into the bottom right corner. 4-1 Spurs!,1
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20Alli isn't coming back out for the second half and he is replaced by Lamela.,0
KANE MAKES IT THREE! Trippier took the free-kick which came very close to finding the back of the net, but his shot rebounded off the post and once again the Everton defence didn't react quick enough and Kane had the time to hit his shot in the middle of the box and find the back of the net. 3-1 Spurs!,1
ALLI GIVES SPURS THE LEAD! Son was left in a lot of space as he hit his low shot towards goal and Pickford got down to make a save, but the rebound isn't cleared by his defence and Alli reacts quickest and strikes the ball first time to find the bottom corner of the net. 2-1 Spurs!,1
rippier is awarded the first yellow card of the match for a high boot after going for the ball and catching Calvert-Lewin in the chest.,2
PURS ARE LEVEL! Pickford came out of his box to clear the ball, but there was a mix-up with Zouma, who looked like he was in control of the situation, which allowed the ball to bounce to Son who was alert and he hits his shot from the right of the box to find the far netting. 1-1!,1
Asst: D. Calvert-LewinWALCOTT GIVES EVERTON THE LEAD! Sigurdsson's pass to Calvert-Lewin takes Trippier out of the game and Walcott makes the run into the middle of the box to get on the end of the cross and hit his shot low under Lloris. 1-0 Everton!,1
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Schlupp's goal looks to have wrapped up the three points for Palace, he is substituted and his replacement is Sako.,0
Ryan BabelFulham · Striker #12Fulham make their third and final substitution in the aftermath of the Palace goal, with Babel coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Ayite.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Palace double their lead, it's 2-0! Schlupp with the goal that has surely wrapped up all three points for the home side. Batshuayi turned just inside the penalty area and curled the ball towards the top corner, forcing Rico into making a superb save. Unfortunately for the Fulham goalkeeper, the rebound falls straight to Schlupp, who fires the ball into the back of the net from just a couple of yards out.,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #14Palace make their second change, with Ayew coming off and he is replaced by Batshuayi, who joined the club this week on loan from Chelsea.,0
Wan-Bissaka is the latest player to be booked after his late challenge on Bryan, which the referee played the advantage for and then booked the Palace right-back the next time we had a stoppage in play.,2
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #17Palace make their first change of the game, with Benteke the man coming off and he has been replaced by Meyer.,0
Cyrus ChristieFulham · Midfielder #22Here is the Fulham change, with Christie forced to come off with an injury, he has been replaced by Fosu-Mensah.,0
A yellow card is shown to Babel after a poor challenge on Wan-Bissaka.,2
Tim ReamFulham · Defender #13Fulham have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Ream replaced by Vietto.,0
doi is shown a yellow card by the referee after his late challenge on Ayew, just inside the Palace half.,2
Le Marchand is the first Fulham player to be booked after he drags Benteke to the ground, as the striker looked to break through on goal.,2
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Milivojevic makes no mistakes from the penalty spot, powering the ball past Rico and into the back of the net. The Fulham goalkeeper went the right way, but there was too much pace on the ball for him to stop it. Palace lead 1-0!,1
Early yellow card is shown to Ayew, after he stops the visitors from taking a free-kick quickly, a blatant block to try and stop the Fulham counter-attack. He also follows through and catches Seri, a silly booking to pick up.,2
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Klopp makes his final throw of the dice. Mane off. Lallana on.,0
abinho is next to see a yellow card as Gomes' first act in the game is to be fouled by Liverpool's metronome.,2
Morgan SchneiderlinEverton · Midfielder #18Everton make their final change. Schneiderlin off. Gomes on.,0
Gueye finds Richarlison wide right - the Brazilian cleverly waits for Robertson to come clattering in and the Scot is booked.,2
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #29Everton make another change. Calvert-Lewin, who's been quieter this half, is replaced up front by Tosun.,0
Divock OrigiLiverpool · Striker #27Secondly, Origi's chance is over - Firmino returns to the pitch after missing Liverpool's last game through injury. Liverpool's usual front three are back together again.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5Klopp decides to make two changes for Liverpool. First, Wijnaldum goes off for Milner.,0
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Here it is - Walcott comes off and will be replaced by Richarlison. Can Everton's Brazilian winger give them the edge?,0
Everton take the throw short but Walcott can't reach Digne's cross. Walcott gets an early booking for hauling down Origi as the Belgian tries to get away on the break.,2
Christian EriksenTottenham · Midfielder #23Eriksen is withdrawn in the closing minutes for Skipp.,0
Érik LamelaTottenham · Midfielder #11Lo Celso makes his Spurs debut as he replaces Lamela.,0
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Mahrez is on for Bernardo Silva for the final 10 minutes.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16David Silva replaces Rodri for the hosts as Guardiola removes his defensive midfielder from the fray.,0
Sergio AgüeroMan City · Striker #10Aguero is withdrawn for Jesus. The Argentine is not happy with his manager, although Guardiola seems to be suggesting that the forward should have made his way off the pitch at the near point of exit rather than directly to the bench. One to monitor...,0
Asst: E. LamelaGOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUCAS SCORES WITH HIS FIRST TOUCH!!! 2-2!!! Spurs notch their second equaliser of the game. Lucas comes off the bench and makes an instant impact. He rises above Walker to glance his header from Lamela's cross over Ederson and into the net.,1
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Lucas replaces Winks, which will likely see Eriksen drop deeper into the midfield.,0
Asst: K. De BruyneGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AGUERO RESTORES CITY'S LEAD!!!! 2-1!!! Patience from the hosts allows them to regain the lead. Bernardo Silva and De Bruyne open up Spurs down the right flank. The Belgian fires a low ball into the middle where Aguero makes his run across Alderweireld. He clips the ball past Lloris from close range into the left bottom corner.,1
terling pulls back Winks on the charge down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
Asst: T. NdombeleGOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LAMELA EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! Spurs are back in the contest almost immediately as the Argentine sends a fine finish past Ederson. Lamela is afforded space and time between the City midfield and defence. Ederson's positioning is suspect and allows the Tottenham winger to bend his effort beyond his reach into the back of the net. Game on.,1
sst: K. De BruyneGOALLLLLLLLLL!!! STERLING HEADS CITY IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead out of nothing as Sterling converts at the back post. De Bruyne is the architect as he whips a pinpoint delivery towards his team-mate. Sterling travels off the back of Walker-Peters and nods his effort across Lloris and into the net. A super finish from the forward, who has his fourth of the campaign.,1
Pedro NetoWolves · Midfielder #7Neto is off and Marcal on. The full-back is returning from a three-game, injury-enforced absence.,0
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Wolves also make a substitution as Neves replaces Moutinho in a like-for-like change in midfield.,0
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #22Harrison is replaced by debutant Raphinha in the third of Leeds' substitutions.,0
Pascal StruijkLeeds United · Defender #21Attacking midfielder Hernandez, making his first appearance of the season after recovering from injury, is brought on for defender Struijk. The departing player is carrying an injury sustained in the build-up to Jimenez's goal.,0
Hélder CostaLeeds United · Midfielder #17Poveda is on for Costa in the first of Leeds' changes. The hosts have around 20 minutes to find an equaliser.,0
sst: M. KilmanGOOOOAAAALLL!!! LEEDS 0-1 WOLVES!! Jimenez opens the scoring for Wolves - and this time it will count! Jimenez picks up the ball down the right, cuts inside and, after a number of players step off, he works it onto his right foot and the shot deflects past a wrong-footed Meslier off the head of Phillips.,1
Moutinho drags back on Klich to prevent his opponent from charging clear. The Wolves midfielder feels he was fouled first but the referee disagrees.,2
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Traore is on for Podence - arguably Wolves' liveliest player today - in the first of the visitors' substitutions.,0
Phillips steps on the boot of Moutinho and is booked by the referee, likely because of an accumulation of fouls rather than this challenge alone.,2
yling loses the ball and leaves a little something on Kilman, seeing him become the first player to be issued with a yellow card today.,2
Miretti's frustration gets the better of him, losing possession before taking Alberto out cynically. It's a yellow card for the Juventus substitute - the seventh of the match.,2
Nicolò FagioliJuventus · Midfielder #44Fagioli is taken off in Juventus' final substitution. Miretti is sent into the fray.,0
Milinkovic-Savic sticks out a leg to bring Chiesa down cynically and he’s shown a yellow card for it.,2
Mattia ZaccagniLazio · Striker #20Basic replaces Zaccagni with six minutes left in the contest.,0
Provedel is shown a yellow card for deliberately wasting time with 12 minutes to go.,2
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11The yellow carded Cuadrado is quickly removed, with Danilo sent on in his stead.,0
Danilo CataldiLazio · Midfielder #32Vecino comes on for Cataldi as Sarri makes a change in midfield.,0
Ciro ImmobileLazio · Striker #17Lazio make a change as well, with Immobile given an early rest. Pedro gets a chance to impress.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #17Chiesa comes on just past the hour, with Kostic recalled to the bench.,0
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #9Milik replaces Vlahovic in a like-for-like swap at striker.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #5Locatelli makes way for Paredes as Juventus begin to make changes.,0
Asst: L. AlbertoSUPERB PLAY FROM LAZIO GIVES THEM THE LEAD! 2-1! It’s a simply brilliant goal with every part of build-up executed to perfection, started by Anderson on the right flank. Despite close marking from Sandro, the winger manages to cut back a low cross to Alberto, who opts to use the space provided to roll a silky backheel pass to the far post for Zaccagni. In acres of room, he meets the ball with a sweeping first touch to curl it around Szczesny and into the far corner!,1
Cuadrado gets far too tight to Zaccagni and charges through the winger, taking out his legs. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus captain, their fourth of the game.,2
ocatelli receives a pass from Sandro but fails to control it properly before lunging into an awkward two-footed tackle on Milinkovic-Savic. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus midfielder with a minute to go in the half.,2
Sandro cynically drags Cataldi down in midfield. The referee has apparently seen enough as he brandishes his first yellow card, showing it to the Brazil international.,2
JUVENTUS PUT THEMSELVES LEVEL AFTER FOUR MINUTES! 1-1! Incredible! Juventus get themselves up the pitch and win a corner, with Di Maria tasked to take the set-piece. The Argentina international finds Bremer on the six-yard line, though the defender’s header is initially repelled by a lovely kicked stop from Provedel. A scramble ensues and it’s Rabiot who capitalises, eventually bundling the ball over the line to restore parity!,1
Bonucci, on the bench as a substitute, is shown a yellow card for his protestations following Lazio's awarded goal.,2
Asst: M. ZaccagniLAZIO BREAK THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Zaccagni cuts inside and beats his man before chipping a cross to the far post for Milinkovic-Savic. The midfielder overpowers Sandro and takes the ball down with expert skill before firing a close-range half-volley past Szczesny!,1
Xhaka is the latest Arsenal player to be booked, for his challenge on Jota.,2
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Late Wolves substitution now, with Moutinho replaced by Gibbs-White.,0
Torreira has only been on the pitch for five minutes and he has already been booked.,2
sst: J. WillockGOOOAAALLL! Arsenal double their lead, it's 2-0 and surely that is the victory wrapped up for the Gunners now! Lacazette has only just come onto the pitch and he beats Coady at the near post after the Wolves captain doesn't read a low cross into the six-yard box. The striker takes a touch and then drills the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net, lovely finish.,1
Coady is shown a yellow card after the centre-back clatters into the back of Lacazette on the halfway line, stopping Arsenal from going on the counter.,2
Eddie NketiahArsenal · Striker #30The other change is a straight swap up top, with Nketiah heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lacazette.,0
Dani CeballosArsenal · Midfielder #8Arsenal make their final substitutions now, with Ceballos replaced by Torreira.,0
Maitland-Niles is the second Arsenal player to be booked, after his challenge on Moutinho in the Wolves half.,2
Cédric SoaresArsenal · Midfielder #17The other Arsenal substitution is a straight swap at right-back, with Cedric replaced by Bellerin.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #77Here is the double substitution by the Gunners, with Saka coming off and he has been replaced by Willock.,0
Saiss is the first Wolves player to be booked, after his heavy challenge on Aubameyang.,2
Matt DohertyWolves · Midfielder #2Another Wolves substitution now, with Doherty the man coming off and he has been replaced by Neto.,0
Kieran TierneyArsenal · Midfielder #3Arsenal respond by making a change of their own, with Tierney heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Maitland-Niles.,0
Leander DendonckerWolves · Midfielder #32Here is the Wolves substitution, with Dendoncker the man coming off and he has been replaced by Jota. So it looks like Wolves will now line up in a 3-4-3 formation, with Traore moving out to the wing.,0
GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal lead 1-0! Saka with the breakthrough just before the break at Molineux. Tierney tries to cross to Saka, but it's partially blocked and the Arsenal man has to adjust his feet quickly, but then volleys it into the right-hand corner of the net, well out of the grasp of Patricio. Great finish.,1
The first yellow card of the game is shown to David Luiz after his late and rash challenge on Traore, as the winger broke forward on the break and skipped past the defender.,2
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Sturridge is given mere seconds on the pitch following Mane's goal.,0
Asst: M. SalahThat will do it for Liverpool. After seeing off both a free-kick and the ensuing corner, they break at speed through Salah and Mane. The latter races through on goal, holds off Van Aanholt and rounds Hennessey to sew up all three points.,1
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Lallana, sporting a vintage David Beckham mohawk, is called on to give Keita a breather. Another good shift from Liverpool's new midfielder.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15It's a debut for Meyer! The midfielder replaces Schlupp and will look to get Palace moving forward in these closing few minutes.,0
Andros TownsendCrystal Palace · Midfielder #10Hodgson plugs the right-back hole left by Wan-Bissaka's dismissal as Ward comes on in place of Townsend.,0
Wan-Bissaka is off! It's a disappointing end to an encouraging performance for the 20-year-old. He left the referee with no choice, stretching to cut down Salah with the Egypt international clean through for a one-on-one.,3
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #17No surprises that Benteke is first to be withdrawn by Hodgson, who turns to a similar type of centre-forward in Sorloth.,0
James MilnerLiverpool · Midfielder #7Klopp makes the first move, injecting fresh legs into midfield as Henderson takes the armband from goal-scorer Milner.,0
Zaha is just too tricky for several defenders and is eventually bumped off the ball by Alexander-Arnold, who goes into the book.,2
enalty GoalLiverpool's stand-in skipper makes no mistake as Milner strokes the spot-kick into the bottom right corner, sending Hennessey the wrong way. Klopp's men lead 1-0 on the edge of half-time.,1
etherlands international Van Aanholt is the first man into the book for following through in a tackle on Milner.,2
agliardini is shown a yellow card for a foul which breaks up the play and slows down the tempo of the match.,2
Matías VecinoInter · Midfielder #8Ranocchia replaces Vecino as Inter look to secure the victory.,0
CONTI HAS A RED CHANGED TO YELLOW AFTER VAR! Martinez pulls off an overhead flick to keep Inter's counter-attack going and Conti flies into a sliding challenge on the striker which – the referee believed – caught him squarely on the leg with studs showing. Upon checking, it appears the challenge was not as bad as first thought, and the red is replaced by a yellow which allows the match to stay 11 against 11.,2
Matteo PolitanoInter · Striker #16Politano has been instrumental to Inter’s lead, but Spalletti chooses to have him sit the rest of the match out. Candreva is his replacement.,0
ow Suso’s name is taken by the referee after using too much force to try and win the ball back from Skriniar near the corner flag.,2
ecino becomes Inter’s second player to be booked, for a late challenge on Conti.  ,2
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77After having their lead cut back down to a single goal yet again, Inter make a change in midfield which sees Valero replace Brozovic.,0
IT’S GAME ON ONCE AGAIN AS MUSACCHIO CLAWS IT BACK TO 3-2! Another short-corner routine pays dividends, this time for Milan as Suso receives a pass from Calhanoglu and fires it towards the back post looking for a team-mate. The ball finds an unsuspecting D’Ambrosio who gets a knee to it, knocking it towards Handanovic. The goalkeeper has to make a reaction save but Musacchio is there to react quickest and hammer the ball into the net!,1
Franck KessiéMilan · Midfielder #79Gattuso looks to change the game from the bench as Kessie is replaced by Conti with just over 20 minutes left.,0
Penalty GoalMARTINEZ MAKES IT 3-1 FROM THE SPOT! The striker makes no mistake as he fires his penalty into the bottom-left corner! The two-goal lead is restored for the visitors!,1
Romagnoli is shown a yellow card for dissent following the penalty decision. ,2
Ricardo RodriguezMilan · Defender #68Immediately after scoring, Gattuso makes an attacking substitution as Rodriguez is replaced by Cutrone.   ,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluMILAN ARE BACK IN THE MATCH THROUGH BAKAYOKO! 2-1! Calhanoglu takes a free-kick from a central position well outside the penalty area but he manages to hang it high enough for Bakayoko to rise and power his header past Handanovic! The angle wasn’t favourable, but the Turkey international is known for his set-piece ability, and it came off perfectly there!,1
sst: M. PolitanoANOTHER STRONG START TO THE HALF LEADS TO A GOAL FOR INTER! 2-0 now to the Nerazzurri who get some insurance after a quick free kick allows Politano to curl a precise cross to the head of De Vrij who is inexplicably left without a defender. Milan have it all to do now as Inter tighten their grip on the match!  ,1
Lucas PaquetáMilan · Midfielder #39Milan make a change at half-time, as Castillejo replaces Paqueta in midfield.,0
Rodriguez goes into the referee’s book after an awful sliding challenge on the near touchline, going through the back of Politano.  ,2
Brozovic lunges into a challenge on Calhanoglu inside the Inter half on the left and gives away a free-kick. The midfielder is also shown a booking by the match official.,2
sst: L. MartínezVECINO MAKES IT THE PERFECT START FOR INTER! 1-0 to the Nerazzurri as Rodriguez allows Perisic to hang a deep cross to the far post for Martinez, who intelligently nods centrally, into the path of Vecino who hammers an awkward half-volley into the roof of the net!,1
Young takes Pedro down right in front of the managers’ technical area, and receives a yellow card for the foul.,2
WillianChelsea · Striker #22Willian has been limping since he was tackled by Rojo – and Sarri will heed the warnings and replace him. Pedro is on for the final six minutes.  ,0
Juan MataMan United · Midfielder #8McTominay is Manchester United’s final substitute – with Mata making way.,0
A yellow card is shown to Rojo for a tackle made on Willian with his studs showing. It’s dangerous play from the centre-back, who was only introduced nine minutes ago; he should feel slightly lucky it wasn’t red.  ,2
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Kovacic is replaced by Loftus-Cheek in a move Sarri wanted to make prior to Rudiger’s injury.,0
Eric BaillyMan United · Defender #3It’s Rojo – not Darmian – who replaces Bailly in defence as the centre-back is unable to continue following that knock.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Striker #10Rashford is called off as Sanchez is his chosen replacement with 25 minutes remaining.,0
Antonio RüdigerChelsea · Defender #2Christensen replaces the injured Rudiger in the first switch of the match.,0
Kovacic is shown Chelsea’s second yellow in as many minutes as he is booked for kicking the ball away after the referee chose to award Manchester United a free-kick for foul play. It’s a silly booking for the Real Madrid loanee to pick up.    ,2
Willian is in disbelief after receiving a yellow card for a slide tackle on Matic in midfield. Replays do suggest that the winger won the ball before making contact with his former Chelsea team-mate, but the referee remains unmoved.  ,2
HELSEA ARE LEVEL THROUGH ALONSO! 1-1! It’s another poor attempt at a save from De Gea, who bobbles Rudiger’s long-range shot. The goalkeeper is unable to keep the bouncing ball under his grasp as Alonso storms in and taps the rebound past the Spain international!,1
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Herrera for a sliding tackle just inside his own half on Alonso.,2
sst: L. ShawMATA SCORES FOR MANCHESTER UNITED! 1-0! Lukaku scoops a sensational pass over the top of Chelsea’s defence for Shaw, who gets his square pass right on this occasion – searching for Mata. The ball takes Kepa completely out of the play, allowing the former Chelsea midfielder to tap it home!  ,1
Asst: A. LennonTWO FOR BARNES, FOUR FOR BURNLEY! 4-0! This is an awesome return to form for the Clarets as the former Brighton man nets a double with a sweeping finish, pushing Lennon's cross into the bottom-left corner on the back of a blistering counter. What a finish; what a performance.,1
BARNES FOR BURNLEY! 3-0! The Clarets have surely claimed their first league win of the season with their third goal of the game. Lennon whips a cut-back off the left edge of the box to Gudmundsson who lashes a shot into the right post and the substitute bangs in the rebound with precision. It's been a fine day for the hosts at Turf Moor.,1
Adam SmithBournemouth · Defender #15Defoe is the third and final change for the visitors, on to replace Smith.,0
Sam VokesBurnley · Striker #9Barnes is introduced for Burnley as well, replacing Vokes up front.,0
Callum WilsonBournemouth · Striker #13Wilson is now replaced too by Junior Stanislas, who makes his first showing for the club since a knee injury in March.,0
Matěj VydraBurnley · Midfielder #27Bunrley make their first change too; Wood arrives to replace the excellent Vydra.,0
Westwood makes a heavy challenge on Brooks and is booked, to give Bournemouth the free-kick 24 yards out from goal.,2
Diego RicoBournemouth · Defender #21...Francis is on for Rico as the Cherries go chasing the next goal.,0
Asst: J. GuðmundssonLENNON DOUBLES THE LEAD! 2-0 TO BURNLEY! It's a purple patch for the hosts as the former Tottenham and Everton man meets a wonderful cross boomed in off the right wing by Gudmundsson near the left post, and slides it in behind the keeper. Turf Moor is absolutely rocking.,1
VYDRA GIVES BURNLEY THE LEAD! 1-0! It's a bit of a poacher's goal on his first start for the Clarets after the ball falls kindly following two blocked attempts from the boot of Westwood - but there's no stopping the striker's effort from short-range as he blasts it behind Begovic. Burnley lead for the first time in a Premier League game this season.,1
owton comes crashing in on Rico with a slide tackle and gets a yellow card for his lunging effort.,2
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2One final alteration for Real Madrid sees striker Mariano introduced for Carvajal.,0
Jon MoncayolaOsasuna · Midfielder #7Arrasate makes three changes in one go, with Sanchez in for Moncayola.,0
Ignacio Vidal MirallesOsasuna · Defender #2Hernandez is also sent onto the pitch with eight minutes left, taking over for Vidal.,0
Kike GarcíaOsasuna · Striker #18Kike Garcia is replaced shortly after picking up a booking, with Budimir on in his stead.,0
Kike Garcia comes across to remonstrate with the referee, giving him his opinion of the overturned decision. It won't change his mind however as the striker is shown a yellow.,2
ND HE'S OFF! Not only has the referee pointed to the spot and awarded Real Madrid a penalty, but David Garcia is given his marching orders 12 minutes from time! Osasuna down to 10 men!,3
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Asensio will add fresh legs to the midfield with Kroos withdrawn after 74 minutes.,0
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Ancelotti makes a change in his defence with Militao replacing Mendy.,0
Darko BrašanacOsasuna · Midfielder #8Oroz comes on for Brasanac in Osasuna’s first change of the game.,0
Abde EzzalzouliOsasuna · Midfielder #12A swap on the wing sees Ezzalzouli's match come to an end as Pena is introduced.,0
Aurélien TchouaméniReal Madrid · Midfielder #18Ancelotti makes it two changes at one juncture with Valverde also on for Tchouameni.,0
Dani CeballosReal Madrid · Midfielder #19Real Madrid make a change minutes after conceding, with Camavinga in for Ceballos.,0
Asst: U. GarcíaOSASUNA HAVE THEIR EQUALISER! 1-1! Unai Garcia puts a cross into the penalty area from a position deep on the right wing which allows Kike Garcia to attack it. The striker rises above Rudiger and nods his finish into the top corner!,1
Ceballos receives a yellow card for a stomp on the foot of Torro after the Real Madrid midfielder's first touch let him down.,2
Asst: D. AlabaHOW HAS THAT GONE IN?! 1-0 REAL MADRID! Real Madrid take a corner from the right short, moving the ball to the far side for Vinicius. The Brazil international teases a low, bouncing cross into the penalty area which somehow gets by the entire crowd of bodies and past Herrera into the far corner!,1
Daniel PodenceWolves · Midfielder #10Final change for Wolves now and it's Podence that's making way for Vitinha.,0
Asst: P. NetoSAISS SCORES! Saiss makes his run from the edge of the box and he has Davies tracking him the whole way. He gets goalside of the defender and flicks the corner on at the near post to beat Lloris and find the far side netting. 1-1! ,1
Son Heung-minTottenham · Striker #7Final change for Spurs now as well, with Lamela coming on in place of Son.,0
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Second change for Wolves now and it's Moutinho that's being taken off for Otasowie.,0
Fernando MarçalWolves · Defender #5Marcal is brought off after his earlier injury and Ait-Nouri is on in his place.,0
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Second change for Spurs now and it's Sissoko that's coming on for Ndombele.,0
A heavy touch takes the ball away from Semedo and he ends up catching Ndombele as he stretches to keep hold of it so he's shown a yellow card.,2
here was a foul on Ndombele during the build-up of that last chance for Spurs and the referee goes back to give Marcal a booking.,2
Sergio ReguilónTottenham · Midfielder #3Mourinho makes the first change on the game as he brings on Bergwijn to replace Reguilon.,0
Coady's pass is blocked by Ndombele so the defender puts an arm across him to stop his run and picks up a booking.,2
Podence is booked for dissent as he isn't happy that the referee didn't award a penalty.,2
inks slides in late and completely misses the ball as he tries to stop the counter-attack, so he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: B. DaviesSPURS LEAD! With just under a minute on the clock, Ndombele puts his side ahead! Wolves don't deal with the corner into the box and Davies plays it back to Ndombele just outside the box. He hits the shot first time and Patricio is beaten as it nestles into the bottom corner. 1-0 Spurs! ,1
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Perisic also takes his leave before the final whistle, and Spence makes another brief cameo.,0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Two more changes from Conte: first, Bentancur makes way for Skipp.,0
CasemiroMan United · Midfielder #18Former Spurs star Eriksen is given a brief run-out, appearing to general applause as Casemiro comes off.,0
Jadon SanchoMan United · Midfielder #25Sancho's shift is over; Elanga replaces him on the left wing for United.,0
Eric DierTottenham · Defender #15The third change of Spurs' triple substitution sees Dier withdrawn for Sanchez at the back.,0
Yves BissoumaTottenham · Midfielder #38Finally, Conte makes some changes: first, Bissouma makes way for Lucas.,0
AntonyMan United · Midfielder #21With three points all but assured, Ten Hag opts to withdraw Antony. McTominay is brought on to stiffen the Man United midfield.,0
NITED DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! After a rapid counter-attack, Fred sees a shot blocked by Dier just inside the box, and the ball drops invitingly into the path of Fernandes. The Portuguese playmaker doesn't hesitate to curl it calmly into the right side of the net from 20 yards, and puts Manchester United two goals to the good!,1
For a foul on Hojbjerg in midfield, Casemiro receives the game's first booking.,2
Asst: J. SanchoUNITED BREAK THROUGH! After a first half of frustration, Fred finally puts the home side in front, as he receives a short pass from Sancho on the edge of the area before firing a deflected shot past the lead-footed Lloris! The ball took a diversion via Dier, which was enough to beat the Spurs keeper and find the bottom corner!,1
Gueye is booked for a late lunge in midfield. We've played two of six additional minutes at the end of this game.,2
Abdoulaye DoucouréEverton · Midfielder #16Dyche hands Dobbin a chance from the bench, with Doucoure withdrawn. He squandered a glaring chance with the scoreline at 1-0... one of many misses the Toffees have ended up regretting!,0
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9United's free-kick comes to nothing, and that is the signal for Ten Hag to make another change. Martial is replaced after winning a penalty and scoring a goal, with Mejbri on.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Chermiti gets a run out as Dyche opts to protect injury-prone striker Calvert-Lewin.,0
Luke ShawMan United · Defender #23With the three points now surely secure, Ten Hag withdraws Shaw on his return from injury. Wan-Bissaka comes on as Dalot moves over to left-back.,0
sst: B. FernandesGOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! MARTIAL MAKES IT THREE! Surely it's game over now as Everton are hit in transition. Fernandes slots a throughball into the path of Martial, who bears down on Pickford before beating him with a clever dinked finish with the outside of his right boot. It's 3-0 to United and surely game over at Goodison Park.,1
Dwight McNeilEverton · Midfielder #7Dyche responds with two changes of his own, with Danjuma replacing the ineffective McNeil in the first of those.,0
Ashley YoungEverton · Defender #18Patterson is also on in place of Young, who conceded a penalty and has generally struggled throughout.,0
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #17Garnacho has also enjoyed a memorable outing, scoring a simply stunning opener to set United on their way. He gets a rest as fellow youngster Pellistri comes on.,0
Kobbie MainooMan United · Midfielder #37Mainoo is congratulated by his team-mates as his impressive outing comes to an end. Amrabat replaces the teenager in midfield as United look to hold onto their lead.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! RASHFORD CONVERTS FOR 2-0! Rashford makes no mistake against his England team-mate Pickford, stuttering before blasting his spot-kick into the top-left corner. It's a long way back for Everton from here!,1
The home fans are furious as Doucoure is booked for dissent. McTominay fouled Harrison and Garnacho petulantly kicked the ball away – Doucoure was simply trying to point that out to the referee John Brooks!,2
Former United player Young becomes the first man in the referee's book after bringing Garnacho down with a terribly mistimed challenge. He has already seen red against Liverpool this season, now he's walking a tightrope again!,2
Asst: D. DalotGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! OH MY WORD, THAT IS SIMPLY INCREDIBLE! Garnacho has scored what may go down as one of the best goals in Premier League history! That is unbelievable! Rashford feeds a pass to Dalot on the overlap out on United's right flank, and he swings a deep cross to Garnacho on the far side of the area. It's behind the Argentine around 15 yards from goal, but he meets it with a magical overhead kick which flies into the top-right corner! What a way to silence this crowd!,1
Andrew RobertsonLiverpool · Defender #26Robertson is off, as Klopp probably looks to rest one of his key men. Tsimikas comes on in his place.,0
Asst: G. JesusWHAT A GOAL! That is world class from Foden! An incredible finish to match an incredible performance from City’s young superstar. He cut in from the right, squared up his marker and thumped a rocket of a strike beyond Alisson and into the top-right corner. It’s 4-1 to City, and it really is curtains for Liverpool.,1
sst: B. SilvaGOALLLL!!! IT'S ANOTHER ALISSON HOWLER! The Liverpool shot-stopper again tries to play it out from his own area and once more only succeeds in finding Silva, who gets down the byline and keeps his cool to loft a cute cross to the back post, where Sterling is on hand to head into an empty net.,1
sst: P. FodenGOAL FOR CITY – GUNDOGAN AGAIN! It’s a shocker from Alisson! After getting away with one seconds earlier, the goalkeeper tried to play a pass out from the back with was intercepted by Foden, who brilliantly got beyond a group of defenders before prodding in for Gundogan to tap in his second. It’s 2-1 City!,1
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Guardiola has made a change. Mahrez is off, with Jesus coming on. Foden has switched to the right flank.,0
xcellent play by Foden, who took a fantastic first touch from Gundogan’s pass and gave Fabinho little choice but to drag him down. It was a cynical one, but a necessary one for the Liverpool defender, who receives a caution.,2
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Jones has also made way after an impressive performance. Milner is on in place of the youngster against his former club.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6A double change now for Liverpool, as Klopp looks to add some more attacking intent. Shaqiri is on in place of Thiago, who once again has just seemed slightly off the pace.,0
Penalty GoalSalah makes no mistake! Having won the penalty, Liverpool's leading scorer steps up to slam home from the spot. It's 1-1!,1
OAL!!! CITY TAKE THE LEAD! Well, one slick passing move and finally, there is a goal in this game. Foden, at the second attempt, found Sterling, who easily got around Alexander-Arnold and then found Foden, whose shot was saved by Alisson, but Gundogan is on hand to make amends for his penalty miss and prod high into the net. It’s Liverpool 0-1 City!,1
nd there is an unforced error from Ederson, whose poor clearance falls to a Liverpool man. However, the Reds don’t look to charge forward straight away, and instead move it back to their defence. City win it back, and Gundogan draws a rough challenge from Thiago, who rightly goes into the book.,2
Guendouzi takes down Meyer in midfield which stops a final Crystal Palace attack. The Arsenal player is booked, and the home side have one more chance! ,2
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Puncheon is on for the final two minutes, with Kouyate making way. ,0
enalty GoalMILIVOJEVIC HAS A DOUBLE FROM THE SPOT! 2-2 after the midfielder hammers home his penalty, blasting it over the outstretched hand of Leno and into the top-left corner! ,1
One too many challenges for Lichtsteiner who finally enters the referee’s notebook after a sliding tackle on Zaha on the Palace left wing.  ,2
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangArsenal · Midfielder #14Aubameyang goes off to a loud applause from the visiting support, as the striker is removed for Aaron Ramsey. ,0
Mesut ÖzilArsenal · Midfielder #10Ozil is called to the bench as Emery looks to change things up, with Welbeck chosen as his replacement. The exiting player seems furious with that decision as he walks past the manager on his way to his seat.,0
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #14Ayew has rarely been involved in the attack and he is the next to be withdrawn for Crystal Palace. Sorloth is his replacement.,0
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Hodgson makes his first change of the match, with Max Meyer entering the midfield in place of James McArthur.,0
AUBAMEYANG GIVES ARSENAL THE 2-1 LEAD! There is a bit of controversy in the build-up to the goal, as it looks as though Lacazette’s near-post flick for Aubameyang came off his arm. The goal is allowed to stand after the Gabon international stabs the ball narrowly over the line, beating Hennessey who has his body in the way.  What a turnaround!  ,1
OH MY WORD WHAT AN ABSOLUTELY SENSATIONAL FREE-KICK! 1-1 after an unbelievable strike by Xhaka from just outside the right-hand corner of the penalty area beats Hennessey from the free-kick. Ozil stands back, allowing the left-back to run up and curl a peach into the far corner – though the goalkeeper gets fingertips to it before it flies past him. The visitors have clawed back and are now level once again!  ,1
Héctor BellerínArsenal · Defender #2Bellerin is removed at the half, with Emery sending on the experienced Lichtsteiner.,0
enalty GoalMILIVOJEVIC GIVES PALACE THE 1-0 LEAD! The central-midfielder rolls his penalty coolly into the corner of the net and sends Leno the wrong way to make Mustafi pay for his error!,1
Lacazette is taken down from behind by Ayew who receives the match’s first yellow card.   ,2
WalaceUdinese · Midfielder #11Martin Palumbo also replaces Walace for the visitors.,0
Juan MussoUdinese · Goalkeeper #1He is! It is a debut for Manuel Gasparini, who replaces Musso for the last few minutes here.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! ROBERTO PEREYRA CONVERTS THE PENALTY FOR UDINESE! 5-1! It is consolation, which only robs Inter of a clean sheet. This party is too far on to be ruined now.,1
OAL! ROMELU LUKAKU MAKES IT A FAB FIVE FOR INTER! 5-0! It's a bit of a freak finish for the Belgian, but it will certainly count; Alexis Sanchez lobs a cross towards the far post for him, only for it to bounce off the woodwork, onto his chest at close-range and in past Musso. The hosts are having a glorious time.,1
Rodrigo De PaulUdinese · Midfielder #10Is this the final time Rodrigo de Paul leaves the field for Udinese? He is off and Jean-Victor Makengo is on.,0
Andrea PinamontiInter · Striker #99With that, Pinamonti - one of the few attackers for Inter not to score today - makes way and Alexis Sanchez is on.,0
Asst: M. VecinoGOAL! IVAN PERISIC GETS IN ON THE ACT FOR INTER! 4-0! Talk about a showcase of talent for the hosts. They break, five against three, and it is the substitute who shapes a beautiful finish in at the far top corner past Musso. Superb stuff.,1
Marvin ZeegelaarUdinese · Midfielder #90Fernando Forestieri also replaces Marvin Zeegelaar for the visitors.,0
Stefano OkakaUdinese · Striker #7Now Udinese ring the changes too as Stefano Okaka makes way for Fernando Llorente.,0
Achraf HakimiInter · Midfielder #2After winning that penalty, Hakimi also leaves, with Ivan Perisic his replacement for the hosts.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10With that goal, Lautaro can leave on a high now - and Romelu Lukaku is on for an encore for Inter.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! LAUTARO MARTINEZ NETS THE SPOT-KICK FOR INTER! 3-0! Ain't no stopping them now! Cool as you like, the Argentine rolls it into the bottom-left corner, against Musso, his old friend. Superb stuff and now San Siro's handful of fans are truly coming alive.,1
Samir HandanovićInter · Goalkeeper #1There has been a change at the interval for Inter - and it is in goal. Daniele Padelli will get a run-out for the final 45 minutes or so of the season, with Samir Handanovic handed an early bath.,0
GOAL! CHRISTIAN ERIKSEN WITH THE FREE-KICK FINISH FOR INTER! 2-0! Oh, there have been so many stories about the Denmark star looking unsettled in Milan after his move from Tottenham - but he certainly hasn't been over the past few months. His free-kick is great, and takes a kind deflection to outsmart Musso, nestling in the centre of the net. The hosts double their lead.,1
Stefano SensiInter · Midfielder #12It's a blow for Sensi, given that he hopes to feature at Euro 2020. Christian Eriksen replaces him for Inter.,0
Martinez promptly returns the favour with a studs-up challenge and Becao goes down with a howl. That will be a yellow card for the Argentine.,2
Asst: L. MartínezGOAL! ASHLEY YOUNG OPENS THE SCORING FOR INTER! 1-0! In what could possibly be the former Manchester United man's final match, he snags his first of the season, playing a cute one-two with Martinez and smuggling home a close finish past Musso, complete with a somersault follow-up as he falls over the goalkeeper. The Nerazzurri have got the party started!,1
ue to some blatant time-wasting, Turner is booked for taking too long over a goal-kick.,2
or a push on Madueke, right out on the touchline, Tavares is booked.,2
Malo GustoChelsea · Midfielder #27Gusto is also replaced. Mudryk is sent on to help Chelsea salvage something from this game.,0
Moisés CaicedoChelsea · Midfielder #25Pochettino rolls the dice again. Caicedo comes off and Maatsen is thrown on.,0
Ola AinaNottm Forest · Midfielder #43Forest's fifth and final substitution sees Kouyate coming on for Aina.,0
Orel MangalaNottm Forest · Midfielder #5Tavares makes his club debut in place of Mangala.,0
Serge AurierNottm Forest · Midfielder #24Cooper calls upon more reinforcements. A change on the right flank sees Aurier make way for Montiel.,0
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9After putting in another impressive shift up front and setting up Elanga's goal, Awoniyi is now withdrawn. Wood will replace him up front, making a 200th Premier League appearance.,0
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Midfielder #21Madueke is also introduced by Pochettino, as captain Chilwell makes way.,0
Conor GallagherChelsea · Midfielder #23Making his Chelsea debut, deadline-day signing Palmer comes on for Gallagher to add more attacking threat.,0
Yates chops down Sterling with an aggressive challenge that upends his opponent. Not surprisingly, he then receives a yellow card.,2
Asst: T. AwoniyiELANGA! FOREST LEAD! Awoniyi picks up the ball when Caicedo and Gallagher collide in midfield, then coolly eludes a couple of challenges and releases Elanga into the area. The substitute stays calm and slots the ball home past Sanchez and into the bottom-right corner! Chelsea trail 1-0 on home soil!,1
DaniloNottm Forest · Midfielder #28Elanga makes a fourth straight substitute appearance in the Premier League, taking the place of Danilo, who is forced off by injury.,0
After losing possession in midfield, Gallagher reacts by bundling over Aina and finds himself booked by the referee, who is certainly following the letter of the law today.,2
Penalised for a clear pull on Sterling in midfield, Aina becomes the latest player to see yellow.,2
For requesting that Yates be booked for a challenge not far outside Forest's penalty area, Jackson is instead shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Chelsea captain Chilwell is the first player booked today, as he handles Aurier by the waist to prevent a break.,2
imenez lunges with the foot for a delivery into the Athletic box and promptly puts his boot into the side of Martinez's head. He gets a yellow card, but VAR insists on a second look - and it's going to be a red!,3
Vrsaljko promptly gets booked down the other end for a rotten foul of his own. Bodies are flying all over the shop whenever someone gets the ball.,2
illiams is the next man to get booked, as he lunges with a foul in the opposition half, attempting to slow play down.,2
esga is flashed a yellow card now as tempers start to get the better of both sides. The nerves are fraying.,2
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Matheus Cunha replaces Thomas Lemar in Atletico Madrid's fifth change of the game.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Hector Herrera replaces Koke in Atletico Madrid's fourth change of the game.,0
sn't it funny just how the wind changes? What a remarkable comeback for Athletic Bilbao this has been! Inigo Martinez meanwhile picks up a booking as the game restarts after he brings down Carrasco and Hermoso sees his subsequent attempt to level again blocked.,2
Asst: D. GarcíaGOAL! NICO WILLIAMS HANDS ATHLETIC BILBAO A DRAMATIC LEAD! 2-1! It's one of the turnarounds of the season!Another corner is sailed in, and the ball crashes off a clutch of players before it falls to the replacement. He lines up a volley and drives home , nailing his strike at the left post!,1
sst: I. MuniainGOAL! YERAY ALVAREZ LEVELS FOR ATHLETIC BILBAO! 1-1! It's more than a lifeline for the holders! They earn a corner, swing it in and the centre-back heads a powerful header beyond Oblak to square things up with less than a quarter-hour on the clock.,1
Mikel BalenziagaAthletic Club · Defender #24Yuri Berchiche replaces Mikel Balenziaga in Athletic Bilbao's fourth change of the game.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Luis Suarez replaces Angel Correa in Atletico Madrid's third change of the game.,0
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroAthletic Club · Midfielder #7Nico Williams replaces Alex Berenguer in Athletic Bilbao's third change of the game.,0
Oier ZarragaAthletic Club · Midfielder #19Mikel Vesga replaces Oier Zarraga in Athletic Bilbao's second change of the game.,0
Oihan SancetAthletic Club · Striker #8Raul Garcia replaces Oihan Sancet in Athletic Bilbao's first change of the game.,0
Geoffrey KondogbiaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #4Rodrigo de Paul replaces Geoffrey Kondogbia in Atletico Madrid's second change of the game.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #14Renan Lodi replaces Marcos Llorente in Atletico Madrid's first change of the game, before we get back underway.,0
arvajal is booked for kicking the ball angrily at Yuri during the scuffle at the end. Madrid won't mind this late delay at all as they try and secure their win.,2
Yuri is also booked for Bilbao after pushing players in the confrontations after Muniain's tackle. ,2
Muniain is booked for a late challenge on Modric as the game threatens to boil over late on. ,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Madrid are doing an excellent job of slowing the game down as Benzema trudges off to be replaced by Jovic.,0
Casemiro is booked next after a heavy challenge near the halfway line.,2
amos is booked for his complaints to the referee after Villalibre's challenge on Militao.,2
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde makes way for Kroos in midfield after an energetic, defensive performance in midfield.,0
Dani GarcíaAthletic Club · Midfielder #14Dani Garcia also comes off after giving away the penalty as Villalibre takes his place in midfield.,0
Marco AsensioReal Madrid · Striker #20Asensio also makes way for Vinicius as Madrid use a double substitution to refresh their front three.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #27Rodrygo makes way for Vazquez on the right flank for Madrid.,0
enalty GoalRAMOS TUCKS IT AWAY! 1-0 Madrid! Ramos steps up calmly and - despite frantic dancing from Simon - slots the penalty into the bottom-left corner and beyond the correct dive of the goalkeeper!,1
Unai LópezAthletic Club · Midfielder #8Lopez is replaced in midfield by Vesga as Bilbao search for an injection of energy.,0
Iñigo CórdobaAthletic Club · Midfielder #11Cordoba is replaced by De Marcos on the left flank as the hosts make a double substitution to make change the impetus of the match.,0
Raul Garcia is shown a yellow card for a vicious lunge on Marcelo that catches the defender above the knee.,2
Yeray ÁlvarezAthletic Club · Defender #5Yeray is replaced by Nunez at the back after picking up a slight injury.,0
Shackleton hauls Sarmiento back to prevent a Brighton counter-attack and is duly shown a yellow card.,2
Jakub ModerBrighton · Midfielder #15Moder, who has had several presentable opportunities in this game, is hooked now for Sarmiento.,0
issouma comes across and barges James over as the Leeds forward raced into space. It's a clear yellow card for the Brighton midfielder.,2
Tariq LampteyBrighton · Midfielder #2Potter makes a surprising alteration now, replacing the excellent Lamptey with March.,0
Neal MaupayBrighton · Striker #9Potter has decided he needs a fresh face up front and replaces the wasteful Maupay with Locadia.,0
Llorente has looked a little off the pace all game and hauls Maupay back, earning himself a yellow card.,2
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #22Bielsa makes a third change as he looks to improve his side's performance, bringing Harrison off for Roberts.,0
Junior FirpoLeeds United · Defender #3Bielsa makes two half-time changes, bringing Firpo off for Shackleton, who goes to right-back as Dallas switches across to the left.,0
Kalvin PhillipsLeeds United · Defender #23Surprisingly, Phillips is also replaced, with Struijk coming on for him in Bielsa's second change.,0
irpo dives in late on Lamptey and catches the Brighton wing-back, earning himself an early yellow card.,2
Sarabia is promptly shown a yellow card for taking Kouame down with a clumsy and mistimed challenge. ,2
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Mbappe will not see out the entirety of the match as Sarabia is given a chance to play as we enter stoppage time. ,0
one is shown a yellow card with two minutes to go for dissent, after he gave the referee an earful in the aftermath of a Troyes corner - as the wing-back feels there was a handball. ,2
Oualid El HajjamTroyes · Defender #19El Hajjam is withdrawn with three minutes left as Zoukrou is sent on to find the equaliser. ,0
Yoann TouzgharTroyes · Striker #7Kukharevych is sent on for the final 10 minutes, with Touzghar making way. ,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23Draxler is withdrawn as Pochettino makes his first switch of the match. Ebimbe is the man chosen to replace him. ,0
cardi is shown a yellow card for a cynical tug back on Kabore inside PSG’s half. ,2
Dylan ChambostTroyes · Midfielder #14Balde replaces Chambost as Troyes make the first substitution of the match. ,0
akimi is the second PSG player booked in the first half, as his sliding challenge to win the ball in midfield caught the top of Ripart's foot.,2
he first booking of the match goes the way of Kimpembe, who deliberately blocked the run of Touzghar inside the centre-circle. Troyes were looking to break on the counter, which that tactical foul brought to a halt.,2
sst: K. MbappeCOMEBACK COMPLETE! 2-1 PSG! Mbappe makes a diagonal run into the penalty area, cheating down the cross that meets him, dragging the keeper off his line in the process. The winger then has the presence of mind to cut the ball back for Icardi, who uses the outside of his boot to beat the goalkeeper!,1
sst: A. HerreraHAKIMI LEVELS THE SCORE WITH A FANTASTIC GOAL! Herrera plays a high, looping ball over the top, which allows the right-back to run onto it. He holds Kone off with strength and whacks a volley high into the far corner of the goal - giving the keeper no chance! 1-1! ,1
Asst: D. ChambostTROYES TAKES THE LEAD! UNBELIEVABLE! It’s a simple corner-kick taken to the edge of the six-yard box, where El-Hajjam meets it with a thumping header! PSG’s zonal marking did the side no favours, as the centre-back was able to get a free run at the ball! 1-0 to the hosts! ,1
GOALLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!! DE BRUYNE LEVELS THE SCORES!!!!!!! 2-2!!! City respond for the second time in the game as De Bruyne whips a strike on his left foot past Alisson. Foden collects on the left flank and cuts a low cross back across the face of goal. It deflects into the path of De Bruyne, who fires a powerful effort towards goal that takes deflection off Matip and hits the back of the net.,1
James MilnerLiverpool · Defender #7Milner is withdrawn after surviving a second booking. Gomez replaces the veteran at right-back.,0
Silva is booked for the visitors for dissent after complaining about the Milner decision.,2
Asst: C. JonesWHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!! SALAH RESTORES LIVERPOOL'S LEAD WITH A SUPER FINISH!!! 2-1!!!! The Egyptian weaves his way past three City defenders before drilling a right-footed strike past Ederson into the left corner of the net. Salah collects on the right flank and turns away from Silva and Cancelo with a brilliant piece of skill. He bursts past Laporte in the right-inside channel before firing with power on his weaker right foot into the back of the net. What a special goal from Salah.,1
Asst: G. JesusGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FODEN EQUALISES WITH A CRISP FINISH!!!! 1-1!!! City are back in the game as Foden drills a low strike into the bottom-right corner with precision. Jesus opens up the Liverpool defence with a run across the line. He spots Foden in space in the left-inside channel and releases the run of the forward. He takes one touch before placing his effort past Alisson with a brilliant left-footed finish.,1
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Jota is replaced by Firmino in the final third.,0
Jack GrealishMan City · Striker #10Sterling is called on to the field by Guardiola as the forward replaces Grealish.,0
Asst: M. SalahGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! MANE PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Liverpool take the lead after a brisk surge from Salah before Mane provides the finish. Salah starts the move with a run at the City defence. Space opens up in the right-inside channel where Mane makes his move. Salah plays a sublime offload before the Senegalese provides the finish, firing low and hard past Ederson into the bottom-right corner.,1
Cancelo brings down Milner on the charge and goes into the book.,2
ias slips and has to drag down Jota in the City half to prevent the forward running away from him. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2
Asst: D. AlliMOURA!!!!!!! IT’S 3-2, SPURS ARE GOING THROUGH TO THE FINAL! Incredible. Just incredible! It’s a hat-trick, it’s amazing. Lucas Moura has proved the hero, somehow getting to a loose ball first and slotting a precise finish into the bottom-left corner.,1
Donny van de BeekAjax · Midfielder #6That will be Van de Beek’s last involvement. The midfielder, who plays with a maturity well beyond his years, goes off to a resounding roar of appreciation. A defender – Magallan – is on.,0
Daniel RoseTottenham · Defender #3Rose, who has had a running battle with Ziyech and was on a booking, has made way for Davies.,0
Kieran TrippierTottenham · Defender #2Lamela, who has returned from a lengthy injury lay off, has come on in place of Trippier.,0
Ziyech dived in late on Rose, and receives a booking. Just over 10 minutes remain in Amsterdam, and Ajax are looking ragged!,2
 booking for Rose, who let his temper get the better of him after conceding a free-kick, picking the ball up and thumping it into the turf.,2
Kasper DolbergAjax · Striker #25Another change from Ten Hag, whose side are clearly panicking as Spurs up the pressure. Dolberg, who has been anonymous since the restart, goes off, with defender Sinkgraven coming on.,0
Lasse SchöneAjax · Midfielder #20Ten Hag has responded by making a change. Schone is off, with Veltman – who will go to right-back – coming on. Mazraoui is now in midfield.,0
GOOOOAAAALL!! MOURA SCORES AGAIN, IT’S 2-2! Oh my word. I thought we’d witnessed the comeback of all comebacks yesterday, but incredibly, Spurs are now level on the night and one behind on aggregate! After a wonderful save by Onana to deny Llorente, Ajax failed to clear their lines, and Moura was able to latch onto the loose ball and, on the spin, unleash a pinpoint finish into the bottom-left corner.,1
Asst: D. AlliGOAL! MOURA PULLS ONE BACK FOR SPURS! It’s 2-1 on the night, and 3-1 on aggregate now, and Tottenham have some hope. A brilliant bit of skill from Rose gets the visitors away on the counter, Alli racing clear before turning the ball into Moura’s path, and he places a brilliant finish beyond Onana.,1
Victor WanyamaTottenham · Midfielder #12A half-time change for Spurs. Llorente was their hero against Manchester City in the quarter-finals, and he has replaced Wanyama. You would assume that means a change in shape, with Llorente going up top and Son, along with Moura, moving out wide.,0
Asst: D. TadićWHAT A GOAL! ZIYECH MAKES IT 2-0! This is wonderful from Ajax! Tadic gets the ball over Trippier, and combines with Dolberg. The former Southampton man then picks up his head and plays an inch-perfect cut-back to Ziyech, who slams an exquisite first-time finish into the far corner.,1
A hefty challenge by Sissoko, who lunged in late on Tagliafico. There appeared to be little malice in the challenge, but it was somewhat reckless, and the Spurs midfielder rightly receives a booking.,2
sst: L. SchöneGOAL! AJAX LEAD 1-0! What a header from De Ligt. Ajax’s young captain rose highest to meet Schone’s outswinging corner, and made no mistake with a brilliant header into the bottom-right corner. What a start this is for Ajax!,1
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #7Dembele has been nothing short of exceptional in this game, and Nico Gonzalez will replace him.,0
campos loses out to Araujo and follows him back into midfield, clipping Gavi from behind to receive a yellow card.,2
ontiel also picks up a yellow for dissent, and the referee's got his work cut out for these last few minutes!,2
ique pulls back Montiel after Corona puts him through on goal, and is very, very lucky to only get a yellow card there! That looked like a goalscoring opportunity if ever there was one!,2
evilla are furious at the referee's decision and surround him, with Corona the first to be carded for dissent.,2
Anthony MartialSevilla · Striker #22Martial comes off too, replaced by Ludwig Augustinsson.,0
Karim RekikSevilla · Defender #4Rekik is the next Sevilla man to come off, replaced by Rafa Mir.,0
campos is sandwiched between Alves and Busquets, with the referee awarding Sevilla a throw. Dembele's not happy, and his dissent sees the referee book him.,2
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangBarcelona · Striker #25Aubameyang's excellent scoring record won't be added to in this game, as Memphis Depay comes on for him.,0
Jesús NavasSevilla · Defender #16Sevilla captain Navas also comes off, replaced by Gonzalo Montiel.,0
Nemanja GudeljSevilla · Midfielder #6Sevilla make more changes with Gudelj being replaced by Youssef En-Nesyri.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21De Jong comes off for Barca, and is replaced by another teenager in Pablo Gavi.,0
Asst: O. DembéléGOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Barca hit the front!!! Dembele keeps the ball in and tracks inside before passing to Pedri. The 19-year-old feigns shooting twice on his way towards the box, and finally does let fly across goal, beating Bounou to find the far corner and put Barca 1-0 up! It's been coming, and the mercurial teenager makes the difference once again for the Blaugrana.,1
Érik LamelaSevilla · Midfielder #17Sevilla's first change of the game sees Lamela come off for Tecatito Corona.,0
usquets hauls down Lamela as he looks to latch onto a Martial pass, and that's the first yellow card of the game.,2
Diego PerottiRoma · Midfielder #8Kalinic replaces Perotti for the home side in the final third.,0
Aaron RamseyJuventus · Midfielder #8Danilo comes on to replace Ramsey, which should see Cuadrado move from full-back.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Dybala is withdrawn for Higuain for the visitors in the final third.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PEROTTI CONVERTS!! 1-2!!!! The home side are back in the game as Perotti makes no mistake from 12 yards. He hammers his effort high into the top-left corner giving Szczensy no opportunity to get there. A fine strike from the spot.,1
Jordan VeretoutRoma · Midfielder #21Cristante replaces Veretout in the middle of the park for the home side.,0
Perotti steals possession on the edge of the Juve box, forcing Cuadrado to dive in. He makes contact with only the winger and goes into the book.,2
Nicolò ZanioloRoma · Midfielder #22Under comes on to the field to replace Zaniolo in the final third.,0
Mancini clips the ankles of Matuidi on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Merih DemiralJuventus · Defender #28De Ligt is on the field to replace the injured Demiral.,0
Kolarov lunges in on Rabiot and goes into the book for his poor challenge.,2
janic brings down Pellegrini from behind on the edge of the box and goes into the book.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! RONALDO CONVERTS!!!!!!!!!! 2-0 JUVE!!!!!!!!!!!!! The visitors extend their advantage as the Portuguese holds his nerve from 12 yards. He strikes his effort on his right foot low and hard into the bottom-right corner, sending Lopez the wrong way.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! JUVE TAKE THE LEAD!!! 1-0!!! The visitors go ahead in the contest as Demiral converts from a free-kick into the box. Pjanic lifts a threatening delivery from the left flank all the way to the back post. Roma fail to clear the danger and Demiral sticks out his boot to divert his effort past Lopez.,1
OSENS SCORES! It's a poor header back to his keeper by Stepanenko and Gosens is alive in the box as he runs onto it and firing his shot past Pyatov and into the back of the net. 3-0 Atalanta!,1
He's only been on the field for a few seconds but Hateboer has already received a yellow card after taking down Marlos.,2
Papu GómezAtalanta · Striker #10Final change of the game for Atalanta now and it's the captain, Gomez, that's coming off to be replaced by Hateboer.,0
Asst: R. MalinovskyiIT'S TWO! It's a brilliant cross from Malinovskiy into the six-yard box and Pasalic times his run perfectly to stay onside and get the slightest of touches on the ball to send it past Pyatov at his near post. 2-0 Atalanta!,1
IT'S RED! The referee has a quick word with the linesman who had a good view of the challenge by Dodo. The right-back caught Freuler in the face with his hand and it's a straight red card for him, not a second yellow. Shakhtar down to 10 men!,3
It looks like Freuler won the ball fairly in his challenge with Taison, but the midfielder is shown a yellow card.,2
Luis MurielAtalanta · Striker #9It's a defensive change by Gasperini now as he brings on Ibanez to replace Muriel.,0
Viktor KovalenkoShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #20Second change for Shakhtar now and it's Kovalenko that's making way for Solomon.,0
ATALANTA TAKE THE LEAD! Muriel lays the ball off to Gomez brilliantly and the captain squares a cross into the six-yard box. It takes a deflection off Stepanenko but Castagne does well to control the ball, round the keeper and fire it into the empty net. The flag went up for offside against Gomez, but after a lengthy VAR check, it's given and Atalanta are 1-0 up!,1
Dodo is booked for dissent after his complaints about a challenge from Gosens.,2
Andrea MasielloAtalanta · Defender #5Malinovskiy has been warming up since the end of the first half and he's finally coming onto the field to replace Masiello.,0
TetêShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #14Castro makes the first substitution of the game and it's Tete, who has looked the most dangerous for Shakhtar, that's making way for Marlos. ,0
It's a clumsy challenge from Patrick as he runs into Gomez in an attempt to get the ball and he's shown a yellow card.,2
uriel receives the first yellow card of the game for that challenge on Stepanenko.,2
Sebastian RodeEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #17Another change for Frankfurt sees Rode leave the field and he is replaced by Gacinovic.,0
Andreas SamarisBenfica · Midfielder #22Samaris' night is over and he is replaced by Zivkovic for the final five minutes of the game.,0
Hasebe is now shown a yellow card for dissent after he moaned about the tackled from Samaris.,2
Samaris is shown a yellow card for a sloppy challenge on the touchline. He mistimed his tackle on Abraham and the referee wastes no time in giving him his card.,2
Asst: J. de GuzmánGOAAALLLLL BENFICA 4-2 FRANKFURT - Pacienda gives Frankfurt a lifeline in this tie thanks to a superb header from the corner. De Guzman's set piece floated towards the back post and Pacienda used the power on the cross to then guide his header back across goal. Vlachodimos did his best to tip it over the bar but he could not get anywhere near the shot, even at full stretch.,1
Ante RebićEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #4Rebic also makes way, with Paciencia his replacement.,0
Sébastien CorchiaBenfica · Defender #7Corchia can not continue due to what looks like a hamstring issue. He leaves the field to a round of applause and on comes Pizzi.,0
Luka JovićEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #8De Guzman enters the frame for Frankfurt, with Jovic making way.,0
Rafa SilvaBenfica · Midfielder #27Benfica make their first change of the night as Rafa makes way for Seferovic. ,0
Asst: Álex GrimaldoGOAAAAALLLLLL BENFICA 4-1 FRANKFURT - Felix has his hat-trick and he falls to his knees and it is clear to see this an emotional occasion for him. The youngster has been magnificent tonight and that was the easiest finish of the lot. Frankfurt look mentally drained and they switched off, allowing Grimaldo in behind and he picked out Felix. The forward drifted into the box before tapping home under the legs of Trapp.,1
sst: J. FélixGOAAAALLLL BENFICA 3-1 FRANKFURT - Dias extends Benfica's lead after some poor defending from Frankfurt from a corner. Felix met the cross at the near post and his flick on found the centre-back who could not miss with a simple header. That should be the match!,1
Asst: F. CerviWHAT A STRIKE!!!!!! BENFICA 2-1 FRANKFURT -Felix grabs his second of the night thanks to a stunning effort from the edge of the box. The Frankfurt defence fell asleep and allowed him room to shoot and he grabbed that opportunity with both hands as he rifled the ball into the bottom corner past Trapp.,1
sst: A. RebićGOAAAALLLLL BENFICA 1-1 FRANKFURT - Jovic levels matters after a perfect counter attack from the visitors. Rebic won the ball back in midfield before piling down the wing. Out of nowhere the home defence split and that allowed Jovic to offer an angle before opening up his body to fire home.,1
ebic is now in the book after a late challenge and he also looked to have said something to referee Anthony Taylor.,2
Penalty GoalGOAAALLLLL!!!!! BENFICA 1-0 FRANKFURT - Felix takes responsibility from the spot and he makes no mistake. The forward stepped up and kept his shot low, which gave Trapp no chance in the Frankfurt goal. The former Paris Saint-Germain man went the right way, but the shot was too strong.,1
'Dicka is shown a straight red card after a blatant push in the box on Gedson Fernandes. The Frankfurt man got the wrong side of the midfielder and panicked, with the Benfica star set to shoot inside the box.,3
ovic is already in the referee's book after trying to stop a counter attack near the halfway line.,2
Federico DimarcoInter · Defender #32Dimarco makes way with D'Ambrosio coming on.,0
Lorenzo InsigneNapoli · Midfielder #24The goalscorer Insigne also departs with Ounas coming on.,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Napoli, meanwhile, make a triple change. The first sees Osimhen come off for Mertens after an impressive display.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Zielinski makes his way off to be replaced by Juan Jesus.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu also makes way with Vidal coming on.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Two changes for Inter as they hunt for a winner. The first sees Martinez depart with Sanchez taking his place up top.,0
Fabián RuizNapoli · Midfielder #8Fabian is replaced by Anguissa in midfield as Napoli search for an injection of energy.,0
OALL! DZEKO! 1-1. Inter equalise early in the second half. Martinez sends in a speculative cross from the byline and although Dzeko misses his initial header, it ricochets off Di Lorenzo and falls perfectly back at the striker's feet! Dzeko makes no mistake and thumps it in off the bar from close range!,1
Insigne goes down after Perisic bundles into him from behind. The referee takes a dim view of his fall though and books the attacker for simulation.,2
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Midfielder #21Politano can't shake off the earlier knock and he'll be replaced by Elmas.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLL! INSIGNE! 1-0. Napoli make a dream start. Insigne steps up to take the penalty and confidently blasts it into the top left corner despite Handanovic guessing correctly!,1
Asst: F. SilvaGOAL!!! TRAORE HAS SURELY WON IT FOR WOLVES!!! The referee plays advantage and Silva slips the ball in behind for Traore to chase down the right side of the box. The angle is tight, but Traore strikes an effort towards the near post and Areola fails to keep it out! The Fulham goalkeeper had to do better in that position, but it's 1-0 to Wolves!,1
Ola AinaFulham · Defender #34Parker makes his final change in search of a much-needed winning goal, replacing a defender in Aina with a winger in Cavaleiro.,0
Willian JoséWolves · Striker #12Nuno makes a change up front, replacing Willian Jose with Silva for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #21Meanwhile, Parker does likewise, but replaces central midfielder Reed with an extra striker in Maja, changing systems.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Midfielder #10Nuno makes his second change now, replacing Podence with Gibbs-White in the space behind the two front-men.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekFulham · Midfielder #15Parker makes his first change of the game, replacing the ineffective Loftus-Cheek with Anguissa in midfield.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Midfielder #7Neto is forced off now due to that injury and is replaced by a central midfielder in Moutinho.,0
Ianis HagiGenk · Midfielder #23Heynen replaces Hagi for the dying seconds of the contest.,0
Théo BongondaGenk · Midfielder #27Paintsil comes on for the closing stages to replace Bongonda.,0
llan plays Ruiz into trouble and he has to take action to bring down Ito to prevent a counter. He throws the midfielder to the ground and takes the yellow card to save Napoli.,2
Arkadiusz MilikNapoli · Striker #99Milik's frustrating evening is over as he makes way for Llorente.,0
Milik's evening gets worse as he is booked for a loose challenge on Maehle.,2
Elif ElmasNapoli · Midfielder #12Mertens enters the action for the visitors to provide a clinical edge as he replaces Elmas.,0
enk attempt to put the pressure on Napoli, but Ito is too forceful and goes into the book for a poor challenge on Ruiz.,2
Mário RuiNapoli · Defender #6Malcuit is brought on to replace Rui, who was struggling with an apparent hamstring injury.,0
RED CARD! Neymar is sent off in stoppage time for a second bookable offence. He slides in late and hard on Adli and is given a yellow card then a red after previously being fouled himself by Sabaly. He only has himself to blame after being booked in the first half for dissent. Neymar does not help his cause in the future by sarcastically clapping the officials as he makes his way off the pitch.,3
impembe is booked for bringing down De Preville on the charge in the PSG half.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PARDO KEEPS THE GAME ALIVE!!!!! 4-3!!!! Bordeaux are back in the contest as Pardo scores a stunner from the edge of the box. De Preville's cross is cleared as far as the midfielder. He hammers a strike towards goal and it finds the top-right corner. Game on.,1
Hwang Ui-joBordeaux · Midfielder #18Maja is on for the final 12 minutes to replace Hwang.,0
Edinson CavaniPSG · Striker #9Icardi comes on to the pitch to replace Cavani in the final third.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11Di Maria is withdrawn for the final 15 minutes to be replaced by Sarabia.,0
Toma BašićBordeaux · Midfielder #26Adli replaces Basic for the visitors in the middle of the park.,0
sst: E. CavaniGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MBAPPE CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 4-2 PSG!!!!! Bordeaux are the architects of their own downfall as Mbappe puts the home side two goals ahead. Otavio loses possession on the edge of his own box and Mbappe takes possession. He plays a neat one-two with Cavani to open up the visitors' defence before slotting a strike into an empty net.,1
Basic goes into the book for a foul on Verratti. The referee tells him it was due to an accumulation of tackles.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MARQUINHOS NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 3-2 PSG!!!! Tuchel's men regain the lead as Marquinhos displays predatory instincts to stab home a strike from close range. Bordeaux fail to clear their lines from a corner and Mbappe collects the second cross on the left flank. He plays a firm delivery across the face of goal. Cavani connects but sees his header saved by Costil. However, Marquinhos is there to convert on the rebound.,1
Gueye wipes out Kalu on a brisk counter down the left flank and he goes into the book.,2
Enock KwatengBordeaux · Defender #25Pardo replaces Kwateng at the break for the visitors.,0
avani joins Neymar in the book after another complaint to the referee.,2
Neymar is not happy with the referee about the goal and is booked before the break.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PABLO CHARGES DOWN RICO'S KICK TO EQUALISE!!! 2-2!!!! Bordeaux level the scores before the interval. A header from Kimpembe travels to Mbappe and he rolls a pass back to Rico. The keeper goes to boot the ball down field on his left foot, but Pablo follows up to apply pressure. The PSG keeper boots it off the defender and the ball flies into the back of the net. The visitors are level in incredible fashion.,1
sst: A. Di MaríaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MARQUINHOS FINDS THE NET!!! 2-1 PSG!!! The home side take the lead on the stroke of half time through the Brazilian. Di Maria bends a dangerous ball into the box from the left flank and the defender gets ahead of his marker. The ball strikes Marquinhos on the shoulder to travel past Costil into the back of the net. A VAR check confirms the goal.,1
Kwateng deliberately handles the ball to stop Bernat's ball forward from reaching Mbappe. He goes into the book and PSG have a free-kick in a decent position.,2
sst: A. Di MaríaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CAVANI SCORES THIS TIME!!! 1-1!!! The Urugayan nods home to get PSG back on level term. It's almost a carbon-copy of his previous attempt. Di Maria curls a cross in from the right flank and Cavani makes a move to find space six yards out. He meets the ball flush and sends it away from Costil into the top-right corner.,1
Asst: T. BašićGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HWANG HEADS BORDEAUX IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead from a corner as Hwang meets Basic's delivery to nod his effort past Rico. The midfielder swings his cross into the middle where the forward evades the attention of Kehrer. He directs his effort away from Rico into the left side of the net. A precise header from Hwang.,1
Thiago SilvaPSG · Defender #2Thiago Silva makes way for Gueye. It's a huge blow for the home side. Marquinhos drop back into the defence.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Frank makes his final change, bringing Janelt off for Baptiste as the game draws to a close.,0
Ezri KonsaAston Villa · Defender #4Konsa is down on the turf again and it is clear that he cannot continue. His injury forces him off and Smith calls on Hause, who slots in alongside Tuanzebe at centre-half.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Meanwhile, Mbeumo goes off for Brentford, with Frank bringing an extra central midfielder in Jensen on for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Ashley YoungAston Villa · Midfielder #18Smith introduces Watkins to warm applause from the home supporters. The striker replaces Young as Smith makes a positive change in search of a winner.,0
The bookings continue to rack up as Janelt now slides in very late on Young. It is a poor challenge and deserving of a yellow card.,2
Ings' frustration boils over as he is shown a yellow card for clipping the heels of Ajer as the pair raced into the Brentford box to meet the ball. The referee's mind is made up, however.,2
Saman GhoddosBrentford · Midfielder #14Frank responds with a substitution of his own. Ghoddos is the man to be replaced, with new signing Wissa coming off the bench.,0
Carney ChukwuemekaAston Villa · Midfielder #33Smith blinks first and makes a change. Teenager Chukwuemeka comes off after his first Premier League start and is replaced in midfield by Nakamba.,0
ash is the latest recipient of the yellow card following a late sliding challenge on Mbeumo. Cash was always on the wrong side of the ball there.,2
his game has developed a bit of an edge as Norgaard now goes into the book for a rash sliding tackle on El Ghazi.,2
Toney swiftly joins El Ghazi in the book for a clumsy challenge on Chukwuemeka in almost exactly the same part of the pitch.,2
El Ghazi makes no attempt to play the ball and trips Ajer from behind, earning him the first yellow card of the contest.,2
Asst: D. IngsGOAL!!! BUENDIA FIRES VILLA LEVEL!!! Ings cuts in from the left and slides the ball into the feet of Buendia on the edge of the box. The Argentine controls the ball and opens himself up before lashing a ferocious strike into the top-right corner past Raya, who had no chance! It's 1-1 now!,1
Asst: P. JanssonGOAL!!! BRENTFORD TAKE THE LEAD!!! A corner from the left is headed away but Brentford keep it alive through Canos, who drives down the right and puts in a low cross that Jansson flicks on to Toney. The striker finds himself unmarked in the centre of the box and fires an unstoppable effort into the top-right corner! It's 1-0 to Brentford!,1
Robert LewandowskiBayern · Striker #9Lewandowski also enjoys a special reception, as he comes off to be replaced by Choupo-Moting.,0
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Amid a party mood in Bavaria, Kimmich is replaced by Sule for the final moments.,0
Erling HaalandDortmund · Striker #9An admission of defeat? A frustrated Haaland is withdrawn and Passlack will be his replacement.,0
Asst: M. Sabitzer3-1 BAYERN! Surely that's it? Musiala makes it happen by surging into the area and firing a shot at Hitz, and after Dortmund fail to properly clear the ball, it pinballs around the box and falls to the young Germany international again. He picks out the bottom-left corner with his second attempt, and the champions are set to be crowned!,1
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Nagelsmann also replaces Coman; Sane will have a run-out on the wing.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Bayern make a double change. First, Muller makes way for Sabitzer to warm applause.,0
Reinier JesusDortmund · Midfielder #20Rose responds to Bayern's substitution with a bold move of his own: Reinier is taken off after a quiet game, and Bynoe-Gittens makes his Bundesliga debut aged 17.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Nagelsmann makes the game's first change, as goalscorer Gnabry is sacrificed for some fresh legs in midfield: Musiala comes on.,0
Penalty GoalBVB BACK IN IT! A calmly taken penalty by Can sends the ball into the left side of the net, with Neuer diving the other way. The visitors have reduced their deficit, and the comeback is on!,1
After Wolf again gives the ball away, he attempts a recover tackle which brings down Muller in midfield. Can responds badly to the latter's reaction, and is booked.,2
sst: T. MüllerLEWANDOWSKI DOES IT AGAIN! After a let-off for the visitors just minutes ago, Zagadou now errs in defence, allowing Gnabry to pounce - with the ball finding Muller in space. He feeds Lewandowski inside the box, and the Polish striker simply does not miss from there - he fires it into the bottom-right corner and Bayern lead 2-0!,1
sst: L. GoretzkaBAYERN LEAD! The champions-elect go in front, as Gnabry coolly controls the ball on the edge of the box when it breaks to him following Kimmich's corner via Goretzka, and slams a powerful shot past Hitz! One shot on goal, and already it's Bayern 1-0 Dortmund!,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HWANG HAS A DEBUT GOAL!!!!!! 2-0 WOLVES!!!!! The visitors double their lead as two substitutes combine to surely get the Midlands outfit off the mark this season. Podence opens up the Watford defence with a neat turn in the right-inside channel. He supplies a perfect cross to the back post. Marcal steers an effort towards goal that is blocked, but Hwang pounces on the rebound and hammers home his strike.,1
Adama TraoréWolves · Striker #37Lage opts to withdraw Traore for the final nine minutes as Podence makes his way on to the pitch.,0
Oghenekaro EteboWatford · Midfielder #4Etebo is withdrawn for Sema, which allows the Hornets to send another forward into the final third.,0
arcal joins his opposite number in the book as he clips Sarr on the charge.,2
ose brings down Traore with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
Francisco TrincãoWolves · Striker #11Lage hands a debut to Wolves' new signing Hwang in the final third. Trincao makes way for the visitors.,0
Joshua KingWatford · Striker #7Hernandez enters the action in the final third to replace King.,0
tebo blocks off the run of Trincao down the right flank and goes into the book.,2
Neal MaupayBrentford · Striker #7Brentford are making their final change following that goal. Maupay is taken off, with Olakigbe replacing him.,0
GHODDOS SCORES! And what a goal it is! Wissa and Norgaard link up well down the left, with the Dane clipping a cross into the middle. Al Dakhil heads it clear but only gets it as far as Ghoddos. He brings it down on his chest and takes on the shot from distance. It swerves away from Trafford and goes in off the inside of the far post. 3-0 Brentford!,1
Janelt is late getting across to Redmond, and picks up a late yellow card.,2
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Third change for Brentford now, and it's Ghoddos that's coming on for Onyeka.,0
Jacob Bruun LarsenBurnley · Striker #34Bruun Larsen, who only came onto the pitch 15 minutes ago is having to be sacrificed for another defender here as Delcroix is brought on.,0
ROBERTS IS OFF! Flekken goes long over the top to try and pick out Wissa's run off the back of Roberts. It's a clumsy challenge from the right-back as he has a handful of the winger's shirt as he wrestles him down. He's saying he got the ball, but it's not going to stop him from being shown a second yellow card. Burnley are down to 10 men!,3
Zeki AmdouniBurnley · Midfielder #25There's a change for Burnley too as Redmond comes on for Amdouni.,0
Kristoffer AjerBrentford · Defender #20And Ajer also makes way, with Roerslev replacing him.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Brentford are making their first changes now. Jensen is going off for Yarmolyuk.,0
ensen just pushes Brownhill off the ball, and then walks away with it to prevent the quick free-kick. He's booked for time-wasting.,2
Sander BergeBurnley · Midfielder #16And Berge is also taken off, with Brownhill replacing him.,0
Mike Trésor NdayishimiyeBurnley · Midfielder #31Burnley are making a double change as they look for a way back into this game. Tresor is the first to go off, with Bruun Larsen on for him.,0
Asst: N. MaupayMBEUMO SCORES! It's Onyeka that drags Brentford forward down the right this time, and he squares it into the box. Ajer helps it onto Maupay, who cushions it into Mbeumo. He gets it out of his feet before curling a lovely effort past Trafford and into the top corner. 2-0 Brentford!,1
Onyeka is late getting across to Amdouni, and just steps across his path. He picks up a yellow card.,2
Koleosho has the beating of Ajer, and the right-back's last attempt at catching him is to slide in. He's booked for the challenge.,2
Wilson OdobertBurnley · Midfielder #47Burnley are making a change at the break as they look to get back into this game. Odobert goes off, with Koleosho on in his place.,0
Cullen has two attempts at clipping Wissa's heels, succeeding the second time. He's not happy with the free-kick, and he's booked for dissent.,2
Roberts is complaining that it should've been a Burnley throw-in, and he's booked for dissent.,2
Onyeka pushes his way past Berge, who drags him back by his shirt. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: B. MbeumoWISSA SCORES! Brentford win it back in midfield again and Maupay threads it into Mbeumo down the right of the box. He plays it straight back across goal to the far post, and it's got just enough weight on it to find Wissa, who is left with a simple tap-in. 1-0 Brentford!,1
Booked when he was still on the pitch, Kampl receives a second yellow card for his protests about the claimed-for 'penalty' from the dugout.,3
Mohamed SimakanRB Leipzig · Defender #2Simakan makes way for Gvardiol in the Leipzig defence.,0
As Szoboszlai breaks into the Freiburg half, Demirovic chooses to commit a clear foul and is booked.,2
Manuel GuldeSC Freiburg · Defender #5Gulde's race is run, and Keven Schlotterbeck is introduced by Streich for the last few minutes of this marathon final.,0
Konrad LaimerRB Leipzig · Midfielder #27Tedesco opts for another change in midfield, as Laimer goes off and Adams is sent on.,0
ienhart pulls danger man Nkunku back as Leipzig launch a counter from deep, and the referee shows him a yellow card.,2
Maximilian EggesteinSC Freiburg · Midfielder #8More Freiburg substitutions: first, the final's opening goalscorer Eggestein is replaced by Haberer.,0
Lukas KüblerSC Freiburg · Defender #17Having recently been booked, Kubler is withdrawn, and Schmid is thrown on.,0
Yet another Leipzig player finds himself shown a yellow card for dissent - this time, Forsberg is booked for his protestations from the bench.,2
An awful sliding challenge by Kubler on the increasingly influential Nkunku results in a merited yellow card for the Freiburg man.,2
Roland SallaiSC Freiburg · Striker #22Sallai is also replaced; Demirovic is sent on.,0
Lucas HölerSC Freiburg · Striker #9Streich reacts to conceding the equaliser with a double change. First, Holer makes way for Petersen up front.,0
Asst: W. OrbanLEIPZIG BACK IN IT! Laimer's second attempt at delivering into the box finds the head of Orban near the penalty spot, and the defender's nod down to the back post finds Nkunku unmarked. The prolific forward slides in to force the ball home from a tight angle, and it is now 1-1 in the DFB Pokal final! It's anyone's game!,1
Kevin KamplRB Leipzig · Midfielder #44Greeted with a hug by opposition manager Streich, Kampl is the latest Leipzig player substituted by the desperate Tedesco, and Olmo will replace him for the final 20 minutes.,0
Emil ForsbergRB Leipzig · Midfielder #10Tedesco also takes off Forsberg, and Mukiele will take his place.,0
André SilvaRB Leipzig · Striker #33A fruitless final for Silva comes to a premature end; Szoboszlai is thrown on with instructions to become Leipzig's saviour.,0
Leipzig are losing their heads, as Kampl follows Simakan into the book for verbally assaulting the referee.,2
or protesting that a possible foul on him just prior to Halstenberg's dismissal went unpunished, Simakan is booked.,2
LEIPZIG DOWN TO 10! Trying to prevent a rapid counter-attack, Halstenberg hauls back the fast-escaping Holer, and given the lack of cover, the referee decides showing him a red card is the only option! Leipzig are both a goal and a man down now!,3
sst: R. SallaiFREIBURG LEAD! Another attack down Freiburg's left ends in Eggestein thumping home the final's opening goal, after a cutback from the left flank is rolled into his path by Sallai, who gets a vital touch on the edge of the area. The underdogs go 1-0 up, and this sets the game up nicely!,1
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9Final change for the Blades now, with McBurnie replaced by Osborn.,0
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Third and final Palace substitution now, with McArthur making way for Kouyate.,0
James McCarthyCrystal Palace · Midfielder #22Another Palace change now, with McCarthy coming off and he has been replaced by Meyer.,0
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #17Palace make their first substitution of the game now, with Benteke replaced by Townsend.,0
ard accepts his yellow card for the tackle. Palace keep all 11 men on the pitch.,2
leck is the latest player to be booked, after his foul on Zaha down the right wing. The Palace winger then reacts angrily towards the Blades midfielder.,2
Sander BergeSheffield United · Midfielder #32Another Sheffield United change now, with Berge heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lundstram.,0
ilivojevic is booked after he deliberately stops McBurnie in his tracks as he tried to break forward on the counter.,2
Billy SharpSheffield United · Striker #10The visitors make the first substitution of the game, with Sharp the man coming off and he has been replaced by Mousset.,0
omkins is the first Palace player to be booked today, for his late sliding challenge on Sharp, which hands the Blades a free-kick in a decent position out on the left wing.,2
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Baldock after he holds onto Zaha and pulls the winger to the ground as he looked to break forward.,2
s Bayern attempt to break Khedira away downfield, Khedira takes a booking for his blatant shirt-pull on Gravenberch.,2
András SchaferUnion Berlin · Midfielder #13Schafer's game comes to an end, as Seguin is thrown on for the closing stages.,0
Morten ThorsbyUnion Berlin · Midfielder #2Union make a midfield change: Thorsby makes way for Haraguchi.,0
Alphonso DaviesBayern · Defender #19Goretzka makes his Bundesliga comeback for the final few minutes; Davies is replaced.,0
Julian RyersonUnion Berlin · Midfielder #6After putting in a strong shift, Ryerson takes some warm applause from the fans and makes way for Giesselmann.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Bayern switch things up again in the final third, as Coman is withdrawn and Gnabry replaces him.,0
Overstretching in an attempt to win back the ball, Gravenberch rakes his studs across Ryerson's shins and is shown a yellow card, not long after coming on.,2
Kevin BehrensUnion Berlin · Striker #17Fischer responds with a double change of his own: Behrens is replaced by Michel.,0
Sheraldo BeckerUnion Berlin · Striker #27A clearly annoyed Becker wanted to add to his goal, but he has to give way for Leweling up front.,0
Joshua KimmichBayern · Midfielder #6Kimmich is also withdrawn, as Gravenberch comes on to add fresh legs to the Bayern midfield.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Nagelsmann opts for a double substitution to aid his side's search for a winner. First, the youthful Musiala makes way for wily veteran Muller.,0
immich is penalised for another foul - this time on Thorsby, who he slices through with an ill-judged late challenge. He receives the game's first yellow card.,2
AYERN BACK LEVEL! Just minutes after falling behind, the champions equalise! Kimmich kept a clear head to drive his low shot through a thicket of bodies and into the net, in the aftermath of a corner. Already, it's 1-1 in Berlin - this could be a cracker!,1
Asst: C. TrimmelUNION GO ONE UP! Drifting in at the back post, and planting a perfectly placed side-foot volley past Neuer into the bottom corner, Becker puts Union ahead! Trimmel picked out the hosts' top scorer, who calmly steered the ball home. Bayern are on the back foot: it's 1-0 to Die Eisernen!,1
PERISIC DOUBLES INTER'S LEAD! Cedric has the initial shot from a tight angle on the right and the keeper makes a great save to deny him in the top corner. His save only goes as far as Perisic who is waiting in the middle of the box though and Semper can't get close to his effort as he fires it into the back of the net. 2-0 Inter!,1
Emanuel VignatoChievo · Midfielder #55Di Carlo makes his final change of the game now as well as he brings on Pellissier in place of Vignato. ,0
Mauro IcardiInter · Striker #9Icardi has had a fairly quiet game and he is replaced by Martinez for Spalletti's final change of the game.,0
Nenad TomovićChievo · Defender #40Tomovic is coming off now and Jaroszynski has come on in his place. ,0
IGONI IS SENT OFF! He catches Gagliardini with a late challenge as he makes a darting run down the left and the referee is very quick to go to his pocket to produce a yellow card. He starts walking off the field as soon as he sees it as it's his second yellow of the game. ,3
Perisic is shown a yellow card after pulling back Klyine and stopping Chievo's attack. ,2
Matías VecinoInter · Midfielder #8Second change of the game for Inter now as Vecino goes off to be replaced by Gagliardini. ,0
Matteo PolitanoInter · Midfielder #16It looks like Politano won't be able to carry on after that earlier injury and Candreva has come on to replace him. ,0
Sergej GrubačChievo · Striker #25Di Carlo makes the first change of the game as he brings on Klyine in place of Grubac. ,0
POLITANO PUTS INTER AHEAD! The ball is bouncing around and Politano is the first to react as it rolls into a lot of space. He takes it around the defender with his first touch and then takes his shot from outside the box. It rebounds off the inside of the near post before rolling into the back of the net. 1-0 Inter!,1
igoni has picked up a yellow card himself now for a bad foul on Skriniar. ,2
Grubac is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Vecino in the face with his elbow.,2
nother yellow card, it's Meslier who goes into the book for time wasting,,2
Well, well, well things just go from back to worse for Wolves. Substitute Matheus Nunes, who hasn't even entered the pitch today, is shown a red card for his reaction to that goal standing. This game has been riddled in incident!,3
Asst: C. SummervilleGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! 4-2! GAME, SET AND INDEED MATCH TO LEEDS UNITED! Wolves had to gamble and Leeds strike on the counter! The hosts think there's a foul on Traore in front of the dugout from 8, but he didn't play to the whistle and Summerville nips in to play the ball to Rodrigo, who coolly lifts the ball over Sa. Michael Salisbury goes over to the touchline to take a look at this one, and you would think this will get overturned...but it hasn't been! The referee has stuck with his original decision and that is definitely game over!,1
It's been a very busy afternoon for Michael Salisbury, this time Gomes sees yellow for a trip on Roca.,2
Yep, there are no complaints from Jonny. The full-back - scorer of Wolves' first goal - knew it was coming, he was practically going off before Salisbury had even checked it. He's not a dirty player, but it was an awfully timed challenge and Ayling is lucky not to have suffered more damage in truth.,3
Junior FirpoLeeds United · Defender #3And Firpo, who has had a torrid time of it up against Traore, will be relieved to take his seat on the bench as Struijk enters the action.,0
Brenden AaronsonLeeds United · Midfielder #7Leeds now turn to their bench as Aaronson is replaced by Summerville in the first of a double switch.,0
Rúben NevesWolves · Midfielder #8One Portuguese maestro is replaced by another as Moutinho enters the fray for Neves.,0
t's another booking now, this time for a really silly push from Roca on Traore, who is absolutely battering this Leeds defence.,2
GOAAAAAAAAAAL! 3-2!! WOLVES ARE RIGHT BACK IN THIS NOW!! The following corner is initially cleared as is a follow-up cross, but it lands at the feet of Cunha, whose shot form just inside the area deflects off Wober, wrong-foots Meslier, and finds the bottom-right corner. This is absolutely breathless stuff!,1
Patrick BamfordLeeds United · Striker #9Rodrigo, who is still on the comeback trail following ankle surgery in January, enters the fray to replace Bamford. It's a like-for-like swap with both forwards having endured injury problems this campaign.,0
HOLD THE PHONE!!! WOLVES HAVE A GOAL BACK! Meslier comes out to make a headed clearance, the ball eventually is kept in the air off a Leeds boot into the path of Jonny, who nonchalantly lifts his volley over the stranded goalkeeper! Is there life in Wolves yet? They still trail 3-1...,1
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! WHAT AN IMPACT FROM KRISTENSEN, HE'S BARELY BEEN ON THE PITCH A MINUTE! 3-0 TO LEEDS AND THREE HUGE, HUGE POINTS HEADING TO YORKSHIRE! Harrison keeps the ball alive to play the ball across the face of the goal. Jonny tries to be too cute with his defending and Kristensen robs him of the ball, takes a touch out of feet, and drills into the bottom-left corner!,1
Wilfried GnontoLeeds United · Midfielder #29Gnonto's return to the starting XI lasts a little over an hour as Kristensen comes on to offer a little more defensive stability. It's been a fine outing for the Italy teenager, who set up Leeds' opening goal.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Another double change here by Lopetegui, who brings on the rapid Traore for Podence.,0
Nélson SemedoWolves · Defender #22And, somewhat sensibly, the booked Semedo - who really has struggled today - is off for Cunha.,0
Semedo is the latest name in the book. It's lazy defending, square up against Gnonto and he pulls his opponent to the ground to earn a deserved yellow.,2
sst: M. RocaGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!! CAN YOU BELIEVE IT? Moments after seeing a goal ruled out at one end, Wolves receive a complete sucker punch at the other end, and it is awful defending! Roca's corner from the right sails across to the back post where a completely unmarked Ayling can stoop low to nod over the line. That is a huge, huge goal for Leeds - who now lead 2-0 - and Wolves have a monumental task on their hands now!,1
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Lopetegui has also switched his pack further forward with Neto surprisingly withdrawn for Sarabia.,0
Craig DawsonWolves · Defender #15Dawson, who was walking the proverbial disciplinary tightrope, is replaced at the back by Collins in the first of a Wolves double change at half-time.,0
That's a little silly from McKennie, whose attempt at playing keep-the-ball to delay Wolves' taking of the free-kick leads to a little tangle with Neto and his own name being put in the book.,2
 third booking of the game and that's both Leeds full-backs cautioned now. Firpo is late with his sliding tackle on Lemina in the centre of the pitch.,2
That's a painful one for Harrison. Dawson lunges in on the winger and catches his ankle. That's maybe fortunate not to be upgraded to a red card, Harrison's poor first touch perhaps giving him a reprieve.,2
yling is the first player to go into the book. Kilman finds Jonny on the left flank and the Wolves full-back gets around the Leeds man, who crudely tugs and clips his opponent just outside of the left area of the penalty box.,2
Asst: W. GnontoOOOFT!!! WHAT A START FOR LEEDS UNITED! Just six minutes in the visitors lead. Koch spreads a lovely ball out of to the left flank where Gnonto ghosts past Semedo and cuts back for Harrison, who strikes high into the roof of the net! 1-0 to Leeds!,1
OOOOAAAAALLL!!!!! LEIPZIG 1-1 PADERBORN!!! Ritter's shot is parried by Gulacsi and Strohdiek is there to convert the rebound. The division's bottom side have surely snatched a point from Leipzig, ending their opponents' slim title hopes in the process.,1
Kevin KamplRB Leipzig · Midfielder #44Nagelsmann makes his final change of the contest by bringing on Orban for Kampl.,0
Laurent JansPaderborn · Defender #20Evans is on for Jans in the fourth of Paderborn's changes.,0
Dennis SrbenyPaderborn · Midfielder #18Srbeny makes way for Zolinski with around five minutes to go.,0
Klaus GjasulaPaderborn · Midfielder #8Ritter is on for the booked Gjasula in Paderborn's latest change.,0
Kai PrögerPaderborn · Midfielder #9Sabiri, who has three Bundesliga goals this season, comes on for Proger.,0
Dani OlmoRB Leipzig · Midfielder #25A third change for 10-man Leipzig now as Olmo makes way for Laimer.,0
Streli MambaPaderborn · Striker #30Mamba is off and Michel on in his place as Baumgart changes things around.,0
trohdiek is cautioned by referee Deniz Aytekin for pulling back on Werner's shirt.,2
Christopher NkunkuRB Leipzig · Midfielder #18Nkunku is replaced by Haidara in the second of Leipzig's changes.,0
Patrik SchickRB Leipzig · Striker #21Leipzig goalscorer Schick is sacrificed for Halstenberg, who will slot into defence.,0
Mamba is the latest player to enter the referee's book for his mistimed challenge.,2
EIPZIG DOWN TO 10! Now then! Upamecano, booked for a foul on Srbeny earlier in the game, is shown a second yellow card for dissent. Unhappy with a decision that went against him, the centre-back booted the ball away and must now make his way down the tunnel.,3
unemeier fouls Olmo and joins Upamecano and team-mate Gjasula in being shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: T. WernerGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! LEIPZIG 1-0 PADERBORN!!! Werner carries the ball into the box and squares it to Schick, who sends a first-time shot spinning away from Zingerle into the bottom-right corner. The goal is allowed to stand following a VAR check for a possible offside.,1
jasula enters the referee's book for catching Mukiele a little late on the foot. That is his 16th yellow card in the Bundesliga this term, equalling the record.,2
pamecano gets plenty of Srbeny and none of the ball, leading to the first yellow card of the contest. ,2
Wout WeghorstBurnley · Striker #9Weghorst's been poor in this game, and Burnley bring on Ashley Barnes hoping he can improve on the Dutchman's performance.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Opening goalscorer De Bruyne comes off, to be replaced by Bernardo Silva.,0
Jack CorkBurnley · Midfielder #4Cork is the next Burnley man to come off, and their attacking options are bolstered further by the introduction of Jay Rodriguez.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Striker #47City's first change of the game sees Foden brought off for Gabriel Jesus.,0
Dwight McNeilBurnley · Midfielder #11Sean Dyche makes a half-time change, bringing off McNeil for Maxwel Cornet.,0
sst: R. SterlingGOOOAAALLLL!!! City double their lead!!! A lovely one-two between De Bruyne and Sterling sends the latter steaming down the right, and he cuts the ball back to Gundogan whose half-volley wrong-foots Pope and rolls into the back of the net! 2-0, and it looks like game over, even at this early stage.,1
eghorst catches Cancelo in the neck with a very deliberate looking elbow, and is rightfully booked by the referee. How on earth did he think he'd get away with that!,2
Asst: R. SterlingGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! City take the lead!!! Rodri floats a diagonal pass wide to Sterling, whose volley back inside bounces, before De Bruyne arrives to smash it beyond Pope and into the back of the net! Exactly the start the champions wanted, and it's 1-0 after just five minutes!,1
Ferran TorresMan City · Striker #21Guardiola makes a defensive change now, bringing Torres off for Rodri. The substitute slots into midfield, with Silva moving out to the right wing.,0
Egan now follows his team-mate into the book for persistent holding of Fernandinho as the midfielder burst forward.,2
aldock flies into Foden as the youngster drives forward and receives a deserved yellow card. He's furious with the decision, but it was a poor challenge.,2
Chris BashamSheffield United · Defender #6The second change is a bold one, with centre-half Basham going off for a third centre-forward in McBurnie. Wilder is certainly going for it now.,0
Oliver BurkeSheffield United · Striker #14Wilder makes that double-change now, with Burke replaced by Sharp up front in the first alteration.,0
Rhian BrewsterSheffield United · Striker #24Wilder makes his first change of the game, bringing Brewster - who has hardly touched the ball - off for McGoldrick up front.,0
Norwood picks up the first yellow card of the game as the referee returns to an earlier incident having played advantage.,2
sst: F. TorresGOAL!!! CITY TAKE AN EARLY LEAD!!! Torres races onto a ball over the top on the right that Ampadu can't head clear and latches onto it at the byline just inside the box. The winger goes down under the challenge of Bogle but keeps the ball and gets back up, beating Bogle and Ampadu before squaring to Jesus in the six-yard box. The striker's first touch gets stuck under his feet, but Ramsdale dives early and Jesus then thumps in from close range! It's 1-0 to City! ,1
Christopher NkunkuPSG · Midfielder #24Choupo-Moting replaces the lively Nkunku to round off PSG’s substitutions for the match.,0
Moussa DiabyPSG · Midfielder #27Diaby gets rewarded for his vibrant display with an early rest as Di Maria comes on to take his place in midfield.,0
Julian DraxlerPSG · Midfielder #23PSG bring on a youth product of their own, as N’Soki comes on for Draxler in Tuchel’s first substitution.,0
Radamel FalcaoMonaco · Striker #9Another youngster emerges from the Monaco bench, as the 17-year old Massengo makes his senior debut in place of the struggling Falcao for Henry’s final change of the match.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! PSG GET THEIR FOURTH! Neymar takes a stuttering run-up before coolly slotting the ball past Benaglio’s bottom right corner! 4-0 to the champions, and Henry will be fuming!,1
sst: M. DiabyGOAL! PSG AND CAVANI FINALLY GET THEIR THIRD! It’s a stroll for the champions as Rabiot picks out Diaby with a fine pass as the winger whips in a quick ball for the grateful Uruguay forward to tap in another hat-trick for his side! 3-0 to PSG, and they are cruising!,1
Jordi MboulaMonaco #22Mboula, who has been his side’s best player since coming on, is carried off on a stretcher in tears as Isidor replaces him.,0
Nacer ChadliMonaco · Midfielder #20Chadli, who had looked like he had been struggling since kick-off, comes off to add to Monaco’s injury tally and Mboula replaces him for the first change of the match.,0
sst: M. DiabyAND PSG GET THEIR GOAL CONFIRMED! Lightning strikes twice as once again, VAR goes the way of the champions. Further replays verified Sidibe having played Cavani onside for the second time, and it is now 2-0 as Henry and company face an uphill task!,1
sst: NeymarAND BUQUET GIVES THE GOAL! The replays did show Cavani having been played onside by Sidibe, and the goal correctly stands. 1-0 to PSG, and another big blow to Monaco!,1
Umar SadiqPartizan · Striker #9A really poor game from Sadiq - he was nowhere to be seen - and he makes way for Ivanovic.,0
Scott McTominayMan United · Midfielder #39That's game over for McTominay, no chances taken there. Such an important player he's become for United. It's Lingard on to see the game out.,0
Another yellow card shown, this time to Young for a foul on Tosic. He gives the ball away and gets a booking for holding Tosic back. ,2
Takuma AsanoPartizan · Midfielder #11Not the performance Asano would have wanted from himself and he's taken off now with Stevanovic coming on.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10He could easily have scored more than once, but it's a great performance from Rashford nonetheless. He's off to a standing ovation as Pereira comes on.,0
FredMan United · Midfielder #17A decent performance from Fred - who seems to be growing into his role at United - but he's off for Garner. The 18-year-old is making his first appearance at Old Trafford.,0
Bibras NatchoPartizan · Midfielder #6First change for Partizan as Natcho comes off for former United man Tosic. Just not Natcho's night! ,0
reenwood is practically dancing his way through this Partizan defence and Pavlovic has had enough, clattering him before he gets a chance to complete a one-two. A yellow card for him.,2
Asst: A. YoungGOAAL! 3-0 UNITED! Rashford finally gets his goal! It's well deserved for the forward, he's been superb. A cross-field pass from Mata to Young on the left and the left-back just cushions it into Rashford. He goes for the near post and thunders it first time past Stojkovic.,1
sst: M. GreenwoodGOAAAAL! SENSATIONAL FROM MARTIAL! United lead 2-0! Greenwood blocks a clearance which lands in Martial's path, but he has to beat two defenders to get a clear shot at goal! And he does in some style, cutting inside away from Pavlovic and then again to avoid another challenge. He eventually tucks it under Stojkovic. Some goal that from Martial! ,1
atcho is the first to go into the book. He's shown a yellow card for coming through the back of McTominay while trying to reclaim a loose pass from a team-mate.,2
GOAAAAL! 1-0 UNITED! The Red Devils finally take the lead, Greenwood with the goal! He just holds his position on the shoulder of the Partizan full-back, latches onto a bit of a fortuitous pass from Rashford, cuts inside and sends Stojkovic the wrong way to finish at his near post. Great build-up from Rashford to dribble his way into the box, but his pass takes a lucky touch on the way through to Greenwood.,1
Ivan PerišićBayern · Midfielder #14SUB: Flick now hopes to protect that lead. Perisic is off for Martinez.,0
Asst: B. PavardGOOAAALLLL!!! GORETZKA! Is that the winner? 2-1 Bayern! Pavard refuses to give up on Alaba's misplaced pass, racing down the right and squaring for Goretzka to touch into the bottom-left corner. Gladbach's resolve is broken as Bayern close on the title.,1
Breel EmboloMönchengladbach · Striker #36SUB: The substitute is substituted. Benes comes on for Embolo as Gladbach look to continue to frustrate Bayern.,0
Joshua ZirkzeeBayern · Striker #35SUB: Zirkzee, the Bayern goalscorer, makes way. Wriedt is on up front as the hosts look for a winner.,0
Patrick HerrmannMönchengladbach · Midfielder #7SUB: Herrmann has been Gladbach's chief threat today, but Davies has started to control that flank. Wendt comes on in a change of shape.,0
YELLOW: Coman smartly beats Lainer to the ball and his flick prompts a foul and a yellow card.,2
Michaël Bruno Dominique CuisanceBayern · Midfielder #11SUB: It's a double Bayern switch as Coman, another player rested today, replaces full debutant Cuisance.,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21SUB: An unsurprising first Bayern change sees Hernandez off for the in-form Davies. The Canadian will be tasked with halting Herrmann.,0
Nico ElvediMönchengladbach · Defender #30SUB: The visitors make a change at the break, with Jantschke on for Elvedi.,0
YELLOW: The first card of the game goes to Bensebaini, who is late to a challenge on Pavard and goes into the book.,2
GOOAAALLLL!!! ZIRKZEE! Bayern lead 1-0, but this goal is entirely down to some woeful play from Sommer. He made an early error with the ball at his feet and does so again, advancing from his goal and knocking the ball square straight to Zirkzee. The 19-year-old passes into the net. Awful, awful goalkeeping.,1
Marcus ThuramMönchengladbach · Striker #10SUB: Thuram is unable to continue. Gladbach at least have Embolo fit again to come on, although he and the team would have preferred to delay his return until later in this game.,0
Ridgeciano HapsVenezia · Midfielder #55Venezia are making their last two changes, as they look for a late equaliser. Mateju is the first to go off, with Okereke on in his place.,0
Fabio MirettiJuventus · Midfielder #47And Arthur is also being brought on in place of Miretti.,0
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #7Another double change for Juventus now. Vlahovic is the first to make way, with Chiellini replacing him.,0
It's a frustrated challenge from Haps, who leaves a leg trailing to trip Dybala and he's shown a yellow card.,2
BONUCCI SCORES AGAIN! The corner is whipped in and Danilo rises high to nod it towards goal. Maenpaa is stretching to push it away, but it hits Ampadu before bouncing over the line off Bonucci's shin. It's not the cleanest of finishes, but Juventus won't care. 2-1 Juve!,1
Asst: D. PeretzARAMU EQUALISES! And what a goal it is! It's been coming from Venezia, and they've finally broken through! Ampadu lifts it over Rabiot to Peretz, and he cushions it down for Aramu on his chest. He lets it bounce before letting fly on the half-volley and Szczesny can't get anywhere near it as it nestles in the bottom corner. 1-1!,1
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Third change for Juventus now, and it's Morata that's going off to be replaced by Kean.,0
Domen ČrnigojVenezia · Midfielder #33Venezia are making their third change now, and it's Crnegoj that's making way for Peretz.,0
It's a poor challenge from Alex Sandro who lunges in on Henry. He's the latest player to go into the referee's book.,2
Aramu tries to tug back Morata before clumsily catching him from behind. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Luca PellegriniJuventus · Midfielder #17Juventus are making a double change here, and Pellegrini, who is on a yellow card, is the first to go off. Alex Sandro replaces him.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #20And Dybala is also being brought on, which will see Juve switch to a 4-3-3 formation. He comes on for Bernardeschi.,0
Kiyine just clips the back of Pellegrini's heels to effectively stop his run and he can have no complaints with the yellow card.,2
Michaël Bruno Dominique CuisanceVenezia · Midfielder #21Venezia are making their second change at the break, with Kiyine coming out in place of Cuisance.,0
Venezia broke on the counter and Pellegrini clipped the back of Crnigoj's heels to stop his run which earns him a yellow card.,2
Antonio Junior VaccaVenezia · Midfielder #5Venezia aren't going to take any risks with Vacca, so he's taken off to finish getting treatment, and Fiordilino is brought on in his place.,0
Zakaria slid in on Ampadu, catching him with his studs, in an attempt to stop the move. The referee initially played the advantage to the visitors but has gone back to book him now there's a break in play.,2
Asst: M. de LigtBONUCCI SCORES! It's a wonderful free-kick into the far post from Pellegrini down the right and De Ligt rises high to knock it back across goal. Bonucci gets in front of his defender to glance it on and Maenpaa has no chance. 1-0 Juve!,1
Asst: B. ChilwellZIYECH SEALS IT FOR CHELSEA! It's Ziyech that starts the move when he intercepts Jagielka's header before continuing his run into the box. He just reaches Chilwell's cross before hitting his shot across goal on the stretch and into the bottom corner. 2-0 Chelsea!,1
Jayden BogleSheffield United · Midfielder #20Third change for United now and it's Bogle that's going off, with Mousset on for him.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #10The final change for Chelsea sees Tuchel bring on Kante for Pulisic.,0
Oliver NorwoodSheffield United · Midfielder #16Another change for United now and it's an attacking one as Brewster comes on in place of Norwood.,0
Oli McBurnieSheffield United · Striker #9The first change for United sees McBurnie coming off, with Burke on in his place.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Midfielder #20Another double change for Chelsea now, with Hudson-Odoi making way for Havertz.,0
Billy GilmourChelsea · Midfielder #23Gilmour is also going off, with Ziyech replacing him.,0
Andreas ChristensenChelsea · Defender #4Christensen is also being taken off, with Azpilicueta on in his place.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18There's a double change for Chelsea now, with James being brought on for Giroud, which means a change up front for the hosts, with Mount now playing through the middle.,0
Daniel Guerrero GómezSant Andreu · Midfielder #8Home boss Mikel Azparren makes his third and final change of this first leg, bringing on Carroza for Guerrero with his side on top.,0
Óscar MuñozSant Andreu · Striker #9Kandeh is brought on for Munoz, who had 24 touches of the ball during his 65 minutes on the field.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Lemar, whose biggest contribution on the match was a first-half shot on target, is replaced by Correa for the remaining half an hour of the contest.,0
Felipe SáSant Andreu · Midfielder #7Sa, who was cautioned a few minutes ago, is replaced by Gimenez in the first change of the contest.,0
unoz follows through on his man and is the second home player to be booked.,2
ant Andreu winger Sa catches Rodrigo and is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
Asst: VitoloGOOOOAL! Sant Andreu 0-1 Atletico Madrid! Atletico finally make the breakthrough in Catalonia through a well-taken Gelson strike. Vitolo slots it through and the Portuguese keeps his cool by tucking the ball under Segovia, who perhaps could have done better.,1
Castrovilli is booked for a dangerous challenge on Theo that could have warranted further punishment.,2
Theo is shown a yellow card after reacting to Castrovilli's bad foul.,2
Alfred DuncanFiorentina · Midfielder #32Duncan is replaced by Maleh after a superb display that was capped off by a goal and an assist.,0
sst: N. GonzalezVLAHOVIC SEALS IT! 4-2. It's another poor mistake from Milan. Gonzalez rips possession from Theo on the edge of the box and it breaks for Vlahovic, who whips in a brilliant low finish from 20 yards!,1
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Another change for Milan: Leao is replaced by Krunic in attack after a thrilling display.,0
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8Tonali heads off to be replaced by Bennacer as Milan search for an injection of energy in midfield.,0
José CallejónFiorentina · Striker #7Callejon also makes way with Gonzalez taking his place in attack.,0
Giacomo BonaventuraFiorentina · Midfielder #5Fiorentina make two changes as they try and halt Milan's momentum. Bonaventura is replaced by Castrovilli.,0
Asst: T. HernándezIBRAHIMOVIC AGAIN! 3-2. Milan pull another goal back. Theo races towards a loose ball and breezes past Odriozola near the byline, before drilling a low cross into the six-yard box. Ibrahimovic promptly moves into position and runs onto the cross to slam it into the net from close range!,1
IBRAHIMOVIC! 3-1. Is there hope for Milan? Bonaventura surrenders possessions to Ibrahimovic with a loose pass on the edge of the box, and the striker takes one touch before lashing a vicious strike past Terracciano from 12 yards!,1
sst: A. DuncanVLAHOVIC! 3-0! It's a brilliant goal from Vlahovic. Duncan sets the striker through on goal, with a clever pass over the top of the defence. Vlahovic keeps his composure and rounds Tatarusanu, before firing a powerful strike in from a tight angle!,1
Pierre KaluluMilan · Defender #20Milan make a triple substitution to try and turn this one around. The first sees Kalulu make way for Florenzi.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56Saelemaekers also departs with Messias taking his place.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Giroud will now partner Ibrahimovic up top after replacing Diaz.,0
sst: D. VlahovićGOALLL! SAPONARA! 2-0. Saponara comes back to haunt his old team with a brilliant strike! Vlahovic holds it up on the edge of the box before laying it off to Saponara. The attacker steadies himself with one touch, before bending a superb 25-yard strike beyond Tatarusanu and into the far corner!,1
DUNCAN! 1-0 FIORENTINA! It's a terrible error from Tatarusanu who drops a corner inside the six-yard box. Gabbia gets there first but attempts to shield it for his goalkeeper to pick up, and Duncan nips in to tap it in from close range!,1
enalty GoalGRIEZMANN SCORES! The Frenchman steps up to take the penalty that he won and takes a short run-up before drilling it into the bottom-right corner. Soria does get a hand to it, but he can't stop it sneaking across the line. 5-2 Barca!,1
sst: L. MessiARAUJO SCORES! The corner is whipped into the box by Messi and it's over Busquets, but Araujo is rising behind him. He gets above his defender and thumps his header past Soria at the near post to restore the two-goal lead. 4-2 Barca! ,1
ChemaGetafe · Midfielder #6Final change for Getafe now and it's Rodriguez that's making way, with Miranda on in his place.,0
Óscar MinguezaBarcelona · Defender #28Koeman is making another change now and it's Mingueza that's being taken off, with Umtiti on to replace him.,0
Penalty GoalUNAL SCORES! The substitute steps up to the spot to take the penalty that he won and he confidently slots it into the bottom left corner of the net, sending Ter Stegen the wrong way, and pulling a goal back for his side. 3-2!,1
he referee shows Araujo a yellow card for the challenge that gave away the penalty after pointing to the spot.,2
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Midfielder #20Barcelona are making a change now as well as Roberto leaves the field for Trincao.,0
Ángel RodríguezGetafe · Striker #9Another change for Getafe now and Bordalas is bringing on Unal for Angel.,0
Marc CucurellaGetafe · Defender #15Cucurella is also being taken off, with Koffi on to replace him.,0
Clément LengletBarcelona · Defender #15Barcelona are making a double change at the start of the second half. Lenglet isn't coming back out and Moriba is on in his place.,0
Carles AleñáGetafe · Midfielder #11And finally, Alena is making way for Abdulai.,0
Gerard PiquéBarcelona · Defender #3Pique is also being taken off, with Araujo on for him,0
Nemanja MaksimovićGetafe · Midfielder #20There's a triple change for Getafe as well, with Arambarri on in place of Maksimovic.,0
MESSI SCORES! Pedri wins it back in midfield and heads it down for Messi on the right of the box. He drills a low shot across goal, and Soria tips it onto the inside of the post. He latches onto the follow-up though and from an extremely tight angle beats Soria at his near post. 3-1 Barca!,1
Asst: S. BusquetsMESSI SCORES! Busquets plays another long ball forward and Messi curves his run to stay onside. Chakla is trying to pull him back, but the captain stays on his feet to carry it into the box before curling his shot over Soria and into the far side of the net. 1-0 Barca! ,1
Pedri's loose pass is picked off by Iglesias and he's making a driving run towards the box when he's blocked off by Lenglet, which earns the defender an early booking.,2
alvert-Lewin, who has not had the most enjoyable of games, hacks down Vestergaard after the centre-back had played the ball and referee Friend rightfully books the striker.,2
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Adams, who grabbed the second goal and has been a nuisance all game, is brought off for N'Lundulu.,0
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Armstrong, who had a wonderful goal ruled out for offside in the first half, is replaced by Diallo.,0
RED CARD! Everton make it back-to-back red cards as left-back Digne is given his marching orders! He was racing after Walker-Peters and managed to end up treading on the back of the right-back's ankle from behind. The French full-back waves his arms in the air as he leaves the pitch but replays do not help Digne's case as the tackle looks even worse.,3
Bernard receives the second booking of the game after catching Romeu late near the centre circle.,2
Gylfi SigurðssonEverton · Midfielder #10Sigurdsson, who hit the crossbar in the first half, is brought off for Delph.,0
Abdoulaye DoucouréEverton · Midfielder #16Youngster Gordon replaces Doucoure as Ancelotti looks to chase the game.,0
alker-Peters is cautioned for handling the ball as he attempted to block Digne's cross wide on the left.,2
Alex IwobiEverton · Striker #17Ancelotti is not waiting about to try and change the game as he makes his first substitute at half-time, with Bernard the man to replace Iwobi.,0
Asst: D. IngsGOALLLL!! 2-0! Ings pops up on the left wing, shifts possession onto his left and crosses towards the back post. Sigurdsson then misses the headed clearance, which gifts Adams the chance to slam home under Pickford with his right foot.,1
sst: D. IngsGOALLLL! 1-0 SAINTS! Ward-Prowse races into the area before driving past Pickford with a right-footed effort into the far corner. Initially, Ings had done well to bring the ball down and poke a throughball to the Saints captain.,1
Asst: M. BatshuayiGOAL!! Mount makes it 5-2 to Chelsea! He gets down the left and cuts back inside Vallejo before tucking the ball inside the far corner past Patricio! ,1
GOAL!! Wolves have another! Doherty smashes one at Kepa after being released down the right and Kepa can only parry into the path of Cutrone, who diverts the loose ball home for his first Wolves goal! It's 4-2! ,1
Saiss allows his frustration to get the better of him and fouls Willian, earning himself a yellow card.,2
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Wolves are furious as play is stopped for Abraham, who has gone down with cramp and is now replaced by Batshuayi up front.,0
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Jimenez is also replaced by promising youngster Gibbs-White in Nuno's final change.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Kovacic is replaced by Barkley in the Chelsea midfield. A common sight over the last season or so for Blues fans.,0
hristensen lunges in on Jota and is the next Chelsea player to go into the book. The Wolves forward had plenty of space to run into there.,2
braham finds himself at the base of midfield and clips Jota's heels, seeing him pick up a yellow card to go with his hat-trick.,2
Adama TraoréWolves · Midfielder #37The explosive Traore is now replaced by Doherty at right-wing-back.,0
sst: JorginhoGOAL!!! ABRAHAM GETS HIS HAT-TRICK!!! He takes a long ball down, stops and then beats Coady with quick feet before tucking it into the bottom-left corner across Patricio! It's now 4-0 to Chelsea!,1
Leander DendonckerWolves · Midfielder #32Midfielder Dendoncker comes off for Cutrone, an extra striker at the break as Nuno looks to get his side back from a desperate position.,0
Antonio RüdigerChelsea · Defender #2Rudiger has been forced off at the break for Zouma. Possibly a recurrence of the defender's injury. ,0
sst: M. AlonsoGOAL!! Abraham makes it 3-0! He uses his strength to shrug Abraham out of the way and powers a cross into the top-left corner of the net with an emphatic header! Chelsea are running riot at Molineux!,1
OAL!! Chelsea make it 2-0! Tomori barrels his way down the left before feeding Mount, who is hauled to ground, but Abraham picks up the pieces, turns and fires in to double the Blues' lead! It would almost certainly have been a penalty if the striker hadn't scored.,1
GOAL!! WHAT A HIT FROM TOMORI! Chelsea take the lead in extraordinary circumstances! An attempted short-corner routine goes wrong but the loose ball falls to Tomori outside the box and the centre-half curls one into the top-left corner from some distance! The spin of the ball seemed to fool Patricio, who moved the wrong way initially. It's 1-0 to Chelsea!,1
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Chelsea's opening goalscorer Jorginho is unable to shake off the knock and is replaced by Azpilicueta for the closing stages.,0
amptey goes through Barkley and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Kai HavertzChelsea · Midfielder #29Havertz's rather underwhelming competitive debut for Chelsea ends with 10 minutes to go. Hudson-Odoi will provide some fresh legs out wide.,0
Ben WhiteBrighton · Defender #3White also makes way for Brighton after picking up an injury when blocking Werner's shot a little earlier. The creative Gross is on in his place.,0
Steven AlzateBrighton · Midfielder #17Brighton make their second substitution of the contest, with Jahanbakhsh introduced in place of Alzate.,0
Asst: R. JamesGOOOOAAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 1-3 CHELSEA!! Lampard's men have some breathing space thanks to Zouma's volley, although it may go down as a Webster own goal. James sends in a corner, Zouma makes himself free to guide the ball goalwards and it trickles past Ryan after taking a touch off Webster.,1
Ruben Loftus-CheekChelsea · Striker #12Chelsea's first change of the game sees Barkley come on for Loftus-Cheek, who has been rather off the pace today.,0
Asst: JorginhoGOOOOAAAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 1-2 CHELSEA!!! WHAT A STRIKE!!! Trossard's goal was good, but this is even better from right-back James - his first goal in the Premier League. He puts his foot through the ball 25 yards from goal and picks out the top-right corner, giving Ryan no chance whatsoever.,1
Asst: T. LampteyGOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! BRIGHTON 1-1 CHELSEA!! The home side have an equaliser - and a deserved one at that! For all of Brighton's impressive team play, the goal is all about the individual quality of Trossard, who sends a long-range shot swerving away from Kepa.,1
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Lallana is replaced by Connolly with a minute of the first half to play. It may be a new club for Lallana, but it is a familiar tale as he hobbles down the tunnel.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 0-1 CHELSEA!! Jorginho sends the ball to the left and Ryan dives the opposite way. An impressive penalty from the Italian to give Chelsea a first-half lead at the Amex Stadium.,1
Charlie DanielsBournemouth · Defender #11Diego Rico is on for Daniels for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Junior StanislasBournemouth · Midfielder #19Stanislas is replaced by Mings for the home side.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Firmino makes way in Liverpool's final change to be replaced by Henderson.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HAT-TRICK FOR SALAH!!! LIVERPOOL HAVE FOUR!!! Salah notches his third goal of the afternoon compounding the misery for Cook and Bournemouth. The forward latches on to Lallana's flick over the top and beats Cook for pace. There's still work to do as he rounds Begovic. Salah does push the ball slightly too far to the left, but he recovers and beats Begovic for a second time before poking his effort past Ake and Cook on the line. A clinical finish.,1
abinho commits his second foul of the game and is booked by referee Mason.,2
David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #20Brooks has been quiet since the restart and makes way for Mousset.,0
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Lallana comes on in the middle of the park to replace Keita.,0
Xherdan ShaqiriLiverpool · Midfielder #23Shaqiri makes way for Mane in the final third.,0
Asst: R. FirminoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!! LIVERPOOL 2-0!!! A mistake by Cook allows the Reds to double their advantage. The Bournemouth defender misplaces a pass and it allows Firmino to release Salah, who surges towards the edge of the box. Cook tries to clip his ankles, but the forward maintains his balance. He strikes with his left foot and although it's not clean contact, the ball travels between the legs of Ake and into the back of the net. A fine finish from the Egyptian.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH CONVERTS ON THE REBOUND!!! LIVERPOOL 1-0!!! The Reds get the breakthrough as Salah pounces on a rebound and dispatches his effort into the net from close range. Firmino was afforded space and time to fire at goal from distance. Begovic made the stop, although he palmed the ball out into the middle of the box. Salah was the first to react and he guided his effort past the Bournemouth keeper, although there was a hint of offside.,1
erma catches Fabinho with a late boot, resulting in a booking for the Cherries midfielder.,2
Asst: Gonçalo GuedesGOAL! VALENCIA 3-3 ATLETICO MADRID! Duro grabs his second goal in added time to make Mestella erupt! Guedes swings in the free-kick and Duro is unmarked at the near post to chest it past Oblak! ,1
riezmann gives away a cheap free-kick on Guedes near his own corner flag. What can Valencia do with this?,2
usah picks up a late booking for a poor challenge on Griezmann. Atletico are almost there.,2
Asst: J. GayáGOAL! VALENCIA 2-3 ATLETICO MADRID! Well, that makes things interesting! Atletico give away possession cheaply and Valencia rush forward. Duro races into the box to convert Gaya's wonderful cross on the volley. ,1
Vrsaljko's booked for tripping Foulquier down Valencia's right. Atletico deal with the free-kick. They've got seven more minutes to hold out.,2
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5De Paul also goes off. Joao Felix enters the fray for Atletico.,0
Luis SuárezAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Suarez gets the last few minutes off having grabbed Atletico's opening goal. The Mexican midfielder Herrera is his replacement.,0
Omar AldereteValencia · Defender #15Alderete is Valencia's last player to go for now. Vallejo, a forward, replaces him.,0
Carlos SolerValencia · Midfielder #10Valencia also sacrifice Soler. The French midfielder Koindredi is on for him.,0
Hélder CostaValencia · Midfielder #11Costa is replaced as Valencia go for broke. Duro comes on for him.,0
uillamon gets more than a talking to actually. The referee shows the midfielder a yellow card for his foul on Suarez.,2
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Atletico make a substitution. Correa waves to the away fans in the top tier of the stadium. Kondogbia, who joined Atletico from Valencia last season, comes on to jeers from the home supporters.,0
Uroš RačićValencia · Midfielder #8Valencia are making two changes. Racic is first to head off. The teenage American midfielder Musah comes on.,0
Daniel WassValencia · Midfielder #18Wass also exists the game. Marcos Andre is his replacement.,0
GOAL! VALENCIA 1-3 ATLETICO MADRID! After a lengthy wait Vrsaljko's goal stands! Suarez wasn't offside from Griezmann's throughball so the question was whether the Atletico substitute was offside when Suarez smuggled the ball to him. He wasn't so he can celebrate!,1
OAL! VALENCIA 1-2 ATLETICO MADRID! Griezmann gives Atletico the lead again with a lovely solo strike! Valencia overcommit forward and the Frenchman pounces, dribbling through the middle of the pitch before spanking a left-footed shot into the top left corner from just wide of the D.,1
sst: Á. CorreaGOAL! VALENCIA 0-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Suarez gives Atletico the lead with a clinical finish! The Uruguayan bursts past Diakhaby to dart into the box after receiving Correa's pass and slots past Cillessen towards the bottom right corner. The ball rebounds into the net off the post.,1
Kieran TrippierAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #23Here's that enforced Atletico change. Vrsaljko takes Trippier's place at right wing-back.,0
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Armstrong is replaced by Smallbone to delay the free-kick.,0
esus hammers the ball away in frustration after the referee awards a goal kick rather than a corner, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Adams is replaced up top by the tireless Long, after a strong display that was perfected with his wonderful finish over Ederson.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26De Bruyne replaces Mahrez as City push to try and find that elusive equaliser. ,0
Raheem SterlingMan City · Striker #7Sterling is replaced by Foden as City look to add a new dimension to their front three.,0
Fernandinho is booked for a frustrated, late challenge on Redmond.,2
Romeu is booked for a cynical trip on David Silva near the halfway line.,2
Asst: S. ArmstrongSOUTHAMPTON TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Zinchenko loses possession inside his own half again and Armstrong pokes it to Adams, who hits a stunning first-time lob from 40 yards over the top of Ederson and in! What a brilliant way for the striker to net his first goal for the club!,1
acroix is shown a yellow card for timewasting as Wolfsburg continue to keep Lille at bay.,2
Jérôme RoussillonWolfsburg · Defender #15Roussillon makes way for Gerhardt in defence.   ,0
XekaLOSC · Midfielder #8Xeka is replaced by Mvom Onana in midfield.,0
Angel GomesLOSC · Midfielder #20The hosts make two changes as they search for a winner. The first sees Gomes depart for Yazici in attack.,0
Wout WeghorstWolfsburg · Striker #9Weghorst also departs with Nmecha taking his place.,0
Maximilian PhilippWolfsburg · Midfielder #17Two more changes as Wolfsburg look to tighten up. The attacker Philipp is replaced by the defender Bornauw.,0
aldschmidt is booked after tripping Zeki Celik down the wing. This game is boiling over right now.,2
The Lille players surrounded the referee to appeal for that red card and Ikone is shown a yellow card for his complaints,2
Red card for Wolfsburg! Brooks stops Ikone from breaking away with a cynical handball and earns himself a second yellow card. Wolfsburg have a huge job on their hands to hold onto this 0-0 now.,3
Renato SteffenWolfsburg · Midfielder #11Steffen is replaced by Waldschmidt for the second Wolfsburg change.,0
Ridle BakuWolfsburg · Midfielder #20Wolfsburg make a double change as they look to change the momentum of this game. The first change sees Baku make way for Lukebakio in attack.,0
Guilavogui is booked after a late challenge on Xeka near the touchline.,2
Brooks is booked after hauling Yilmaz down near the touchline. ,2
Gastón RamírezSampdoria · Striker #11Another change for Samp. Maroni is on in place of Ramirez.,0
Rabiot has been given a booking for charging into Linetty and then kicking the ball away in frustration.,2
Cuadrado becomes the latest player to pick up a booking, after he dived in on Leris as this match becomes increasingly scrappy.,2
Miralem PjanićJuventus · Midfielder #5Bentancur has also been introduced by Sarri, as a replacement for Pjanic.,0
Matthijs de LigtJuventus · Defender #4De Ligt seemed to sustain an injury while making that block a few moments ago, and he has now been replaced by Rugani.,0
RED CARD! Matters are made worse for Samp, as Thorsby receives a second booking after he lunged in on Pjanic. A hefty touch took the ball away from him, and as soon as he made the challenge, the midfielder knew his game was over.,3
Jakub JanktoSampdoria · Midfielder #14Gabbiadini has come on for the visitors, replacing Jankto.,0
GOOOOAALLLL!!! BERNARDESCHI MAKES IT 2-0! Juve are one step closer now, as – after Audero could only parry out Ronaldo’s effort – Bernardeschi slams home on the rebound.,1
sst: M. PjanićGOOOOOAAALLLLL!!! JUVE TAKE THE LEAD! Right on the stroke of half-time, the hosts hit the front through Ronaldo. Pjanic played a short free-kick to the edge of the box, catching Samp’s defence off guard, with Ronaldo on hand to send a brilliant first-time finish into the bottom-right corner.,1
A booking now for Tonelli, who had to pull back Rabiot to prevent the midfielder driving through towards the box.,2
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10A change for Juve, as Dybala is forced off with what appears to be a quad issue. Higuain is on in his place.,0
DaniloJuventus · Defender #13Indeed, Danilo is not going to be okay to carry on. He has been replaced by Bernardeschi.,0
Julian ChabotSampdoria · Defender #5Ronaldo is again the target as Cuadrado lifts in a cross, but the Colombia winger gets too much on it. Meanwhile, Samp have made a change, replacing the injured Chabot with Leris.,0
Red card for Kang-In Lee! The referee reviews the footage and decides to show the substitute a straight red.,3
VALENCIA EQUALISE! 1-1! Valencia win a free-kick 25 yards from goal and Parejo confidently steps up to curl a stunning strike over the wall and into the top corner beyond the despairing Oblak!,1
Denis CheryshevValencia · Midfielder #11Cheryshev is replaced by Lee Kang-In as Valencia continue to search for an equaliser. ,0
Ferran TorresValencia · Midfielder #20Torres makes way for Soler as Valencia search for a little more quality in the final third to match Parejo's build-up play. ,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Morata is replaced by Llorente in a move signalling that Joao Felix will switch from the wing to a position up top next to Costa. ,0
Geoffrey KondogbiaValencia · Midfielder #6French striker, Gameiro, replaces the midfielder Kondogbia as Valencia commit more men forward in search of an equaliser.  ,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Hermoso is replaced by Lodi as Atletico search for an injection of energy down the left flank. ,0
Thomas ParteyAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Partey is replaced by Lemar, enabling Koke to move into the centre of Atletico's midfield. ,0
oao Felix is booked for a cynical tug on Parejo as Valencia try and break forward on the halfway line.   ,2
Cheryshev - fresh from giving away the penalty - thunders into Joao Felix near the touchline to earn a yellow card.  ,2
Penalty GoalCOSTA SCORES! 1-0 Atletico! Costa steps up and sends Cillessen the wrong way with an assured finish into the left-hand corner!,1
homas is booked for an aggressive challenge on Parejo as the hosts looked to continue their relentless press.  ,2
onaldo clatters into Veltman, leaving him in a heap on the floor and earning himself a yellow card. That is most likely the Portuguese's last act in this season's Champions League. ,2
Hakim ZiyechAjax · Midfielder #22Real Madrid and AC Milan old boy Huntelaar now enters the fray, with Ziyech making way. He'll lead the line and allow Tadic to shift out to the right. ,0
Daley SinkgravenAjax #8Substitute Sinkgraven departs for Magallan as Erik ten Hag looks to see out the game. ,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #33Bernardeschi is now replaced by Bentancur. An odd substitution, bringing on a central midfielder for a winger when chasing the game. Perhaps the idea is to get Ronaldo in a more central position.,0
Can hacks Ziyech down and earns himself a booking, prompting a furious reaction. The set-piece is within shooting range, and Schone stands over it. ,2
sst: L. SchöneGOAL!!! DE LIGT MAKES IT 2-1 TO AJAX!! The underdogs take the lead for the first time in the tie and it could prove significant! De Ligt meets a corner above Sandro and powers a header down and into the back of the net! Juventus are shell-shocked!,1
Mattia De SciglioJuventus · Defender #2Cancelo is now introduced for De Sciglio at right-back. He provided the assist for Ronaldo's goal int eh first leg and will hope to do the same again tonight.,0
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Bold substitution from Allegri - Kean replaces Dybala up front at half-time. ,0
sst: H. ZiyechGOAL!! AJAX ARE LEVEL!! A left-wing cross comes out to Ziyech and he takes a speculative shot at goal. It deflects through the crowd and straight into the path of Van de Beek, who is one-on-one with Szczesny and slots calmly into the far corner! It's 1-1!,1
sst: M. PjanićGOAL!! JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! Ronaldo meets the corner with his head and bullets the ball into the bottom corner past a static Onana! He had no chance of saving that! It's 1-0 to Juventus! ,1
Noussair MazraouiAjax · Defender #12That change is now made and Sinkgraven is the man to replace Mazraoui at left-back.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11Juve turn to their bench again and wing-back Cuadrado is replaced by De Sciglio.,0
anilo is late into a challenge on Zaccagni and receives a yellow card.,2
Perin appears to receive a yellow card for timewasting after taking a long time to restart play after the substitutions had been made.,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Striker #7Juventus also take the opportunity to make a change. Chiesa went down a few moments ago and he is now replaced by Di Maria.,0
Alessio RomagnoliLazio · Defender #13Lazio make another change with Romagnoli off for Casale.,0
Luis AlbertoLazio · Midfielder #10Lazio turn to their bench again, this time with a double change. First off is midfielder Luis Alberto makes way for Basic.,0
Danilo CataldiLazio · Midfielder #32Antonio also comes on for Lazio in midfield with Cataldi being replaced.,0
Zaccagni becomes the first Lazio player into the book after a poorly timed challenge from behind as Miretti looks to bring the ball forward for Juve.,2
Zaccagni has the beating of Cuadrado with a nice one-two but the Colombian cynically hauls him back and receives a yellow card for the foul.,2
Nicolò FagioliJuventus · Midfielder #44Midfielder Fagioli also makes way with Miretti on in his place.,0
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #9Juventus make their first changes of the night with a double change. First off is Vlahovic with Kean on to replace the forward.,0
Matías VecinoLazio · Midfielder #5Lazio make their second change of the match with central midfielder Vecino coming off for Milinkovic-Savic.,0
Ciro ImmobileLazio · Striker #17Lazio make a change at half-time with Immobile coming off for Pedro.,0
sst: F. KostićGOOOAAAAALLL!!!! JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD!! 1-0!! It is Bremer with the header and Juventus have the lead. Lazio twice fail to clear a corner and Juve are able to keep the ball alive. Kostic's inch-perfect ball finds Bremer, who knicks in front of goalkeeper Maximiano to head into an empty net. There is a VAR check for offside but the goal stands.,1
Alejandro GarnachoMan United · Midfielder #17Garnacho, whose two goals hauled United back into the game before Hojlund completed the turnaround, is replaced by Hannibal.,0
Christian EriksenMan United · Midfielder #14Eriksen makes way for Gore as United look to see out these remaining minutes.,0
Rasmus HøjlundMan United · Striker #11Having scored what could prove to be the winner, Hojlund comes off to a great reception from the home crowd. Kambwala is on in his place as Ten Hag looks to shore up his defence.,0
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7McGinn, whose touch teed up Hojlund to fire home, is replaced by Duran.,0
Leander DendonckerAston Villa · Midfielder #32Looking to stem the massive swing in momentum, Emery brings on Iroegbunam for Dendoncker.,0
GOOOAAALLL!!! HOJLUND MAKES IT 3-2!!! The young striker finally has his first Premier League goal, and what a huge one it could prove to be as United complete the turnaround! A corner comes into the Villa box, and McGinn fails to deal with it as the ball comes off his thigh and into the danger area. It sits up perfectly for Hojlund, who fires in off the post to spark wild celebrations at Old Trafford!,1
Kobbie MainooMan United · Midfielder #37Mainoo looks to rally the Old Trafford crowd as he makes way for McTominay.,0
Marcus RashfordMan United · Midfielder #10Rashford, who got the assist for Garnacho's first goal, trudges off for Antony.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Zaniolo, who came off the bench to score a late equaliser against Sheffield United last time out, comes on for Bailey, looking to repeat his heroics.,0
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Ramsey has struggled to make an impact, and he makes way for Diaby as Emery looks to freshen up his attack.,0
arlos is booked for hauling Hojlund to the turf as the striker looked to latch onto a long punt upfield.,2
ernandes receives a yellow card for dissent after furiously protesting the referee's decision not to book Luiz for getting in the way of a quick free-kick.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!! GARNACHO LEVELS FOR UNITED!!! The youngster has done it again as he fires home his second of the game to make it 2-2! Fernandes receives the ball on the right before trying to cross. His delivery is flicked out by a Villa defender's leg, falling straight to Garnacho, who fires goalwards. His shot looks as if it will be saved by Martinez, but the ball takes a wicked deflection off Carlos, wrongfooting the Villa goalkeeper and flying into the back of the net!,1
Asst: M. RashfordGOOOAAALLL!!! GARNACHO MAKES IT 2-1!!! United catch Villa in possession, and Fernandes plays a neat throughball into the path of Rashford. Much like the disallowed goal moments ago, Rashford manages to pick out Garnacho, though this time the youngster manages to stay onside before firing home to cut into Villa's lead!,1
Lucas DigneAston Villa · Defender #12With the linesman not putting up his flag to rule Garnacho offside, Digne picks up an injury while trying to stop the winger scoring. Emery will not be best pleased about that as Digne comes off for Moreno.,0
The first booking of the game goes to Ramsey for wiping out Garnacho as United came forward.,2
Asst: C. LengletGOOOAAALLL!!! DENDONCKER MAKES IT 2-0!!! It is another terrible goal to concede for United, as McGinn curls a deep corner to the far post. Lenglet is in acres of space in the box to meet it, and he nods it back across goal for Dendoncker, who swings a leg at the ball and sends it into the back of the net for his first Villa goal!,1
OOOAAALLL!!! VILLA ARE IN FRONT!!! After Fernandes brought down Dendoncker, the visitors have a free-kick near the touchline. McGinn whips the free-kick in, and it somehow evades everybody in the crowded box before nestling into the back of the net! 1-0 to the visitors!,1
Beñat EtxebarriaAthletic Club · Midfielder #7Rico replaces Etxebarria for the home side.,0
txebarria goes into the book for the home side for a loose challenge on Isco.,2
Iñaki WilliamsAthletic Club · Striker #9San Jose replaces Williams for the home side.,0
Gareth BaleReal Madrid · Striker #11Bale makes way for Vazquez for the visitors.,0
Berchiche brings down Isco on the edge of the box with a late challenge. He had to make the tackle, but it hands Madrid a free-kick on the edge of the box. Ramos will take the set-piece.,2
Asst: G. BaleGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ISCO LEVELS THE SCORES!!! 1-1!!!! Madrid are back in the game as the substitute makes an immediate impact. Kroos and Bale combine to tee up Isco to get the visitors' equaliser. Kroos releases Bale down the right flank with a precise offload over the top. The cross from the Welshman is even better, delivering a peach of a ball on his right foot. Isco doesn't have to move and he makes no mistake guiding his effort past Simon from close range.,1
Dani Garcia has been walking a tightrope and he finally goes into the book for dissent.,2
Iker MuniainAthletic Club · Midfielder #10Capa comes on to the pitch to replace the injured Muniain.,0
Dani CeballosReal Madrid · Midfielder #24Lopetegui has made a change and he opts to pull Ceballos for Casemiro.,0
lvarez brings down Ceballos on the charge and he goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BILBAO TAKE THE LEAD!!! 1-0!!!! Susaeta weaves his way into the Madrid box and fires the ball across the face of goal. No one is quite sure is who has bundled the ball over the line, but it doesn't matter as the home side put themselves in front. Susaeta's driving run opened up the visitors' backline. Williams made the first contact to steer his cross towards goal, but it appears Muniain has got the last touch to guide it over the line.,1
Nicolas PépéArsenal · Striker #19Reiss Nelson comes on for the final few seconds in place of Pepe.,0
eno is booked for time-wasting as Arsenal look to run down the clock.,2
Marcel RitzmaierRapid Wien · Midfielder #8Rapid turn to the bench as Ritzmaier is replaced by Christoph Knasmullner.,0
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Meanwhile, Joe Willock comes on in place of Lacazette.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Another double-change for the Gunners. The first sees Saka make way for Kieran Tierney.,0
Ercan KaraRapid Wien · Striker #29Rapid turn to the bench as Kara is replaced by Koya Kitagawa.,0
Asst: H. BellerínAUBAMEYANG!!! 2-1 ARSENAL! What a lovely move by the Gunners! Elneny splits the defence with a precise through ball. Bellerin races onto it and squares for an unmarked Aubameyang to slot into the empty net.,1
Asst: N. PépéLUIZ!!! 1-1! Arsenal are level! The centre-half ghosts into the area and climbs to head home Pepe's delicious free-kick from the right flank.,1
Cédric SoaresArsenal · Defender #17Arsenal make a double-change. The first sees Hector Bellerin replace Cedric.,0
Eddie NketiahArsenal · Striker #30Meanwhile, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is also introduced and immediately takes the captain's armband. Nketiah is the player to make way.,0
sst: E. KaraFOUNTAS!!! 1-0 RAPID! What a mix-up in the Arsenal defence! Trying to play out from the back, Leno is intercepted by Kara and the ball breaks for Fountas, who drills it home.,1
Nketiah has his name taken as he is deemed to have kicked the ball away after Arsenal had been ruled offside. ,2
Partey is booked after accidentally catching Fountas in the face with his trailing arm.,2
acazette goes into the book as he takes his protest too far after being penalised for a foul on Kara.,2
Grahovac is shown the first yellow card of the game for a rash foul on Pepe.,2
Grigoris KastanosSalernitana · Midfielder #20Kastanos makes way for the visitors and is replaced for the closing seven minutes by Ruggeri.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Dzeko is called off by Inzaghi after notching two goals. Correa replaces the forward in the final third.,0
ÉdersonSalernitana · Midfielder #13Radovanovic slots into the Salernitana midfield in place of Ederson.,0
Pasquale MazzocchiSalernitana · Defender #30Mazzocchi has endured a difficult second half and is replaced at right-back by Obi.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Gagliardini replaces Brozovic as Inzaghi looks to preserve his midfielder for the Champions League next week.,0
sst: D. DumfriesGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! DZEKO HAS A SECOND, INTER HAVE FIVE!!!!! 5-0!!!!!!! After initially being ruled out for offside, Dzeko has his second goal confirmed by VAR. Dumfries raids down the right flank and spots the forward in acres of space in the middle. Dzeko does time his run to perfection and is left to a simple left-footed finish to bury past Sepe. Inter are running riot here.,1
sst: R. GosensGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! DZEKO MAKES IT FOUR!!!!!!! 4-0 INTER!!!!!! The Nerazzurri are firing on all cylinders as Dzeko slots home a strike at the near post. Barella sends Gosens into space in the left-inside channel, and he finds the run of Dzeko. The forward gets ahead of Fazio and sweeps his effort past Sepe before he can react. All too easy for the hosts.,1
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Gosens replaces Darmian on the left flank to get vital minutes under his belt.,0
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6Ranocchia enters the action to replace De Vrij, who was booked in the first half.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Calhanoglu is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Vidal in the Inter midfield.,0
Lys MoussetSalernitana · Midfielder #99Perrotti replaces Mousset in the final third for the visitors after an underwhelming outing for the forward.,0
Simone VerdiSalernitana · Midfielder #10Zortea makes his way on to the field to replace Verdi in the final third for Salernitana.,0
Asst: E. DžekoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MARTINEZ COMPLETES HIS HAT-TRICK!!!!!!! 3-0 INTER!!!!!!!!! Martinez notches his third with a fine finish on the slide with the aid of the post. Dzeko takes possession down the right flank and places a low cross into the box. Martinez races to the cutback ahead of Dragusin and directs his effort past Sepe, striking the inside of the right post before it nestles into the back of the net.,1
e Vrij goes into the book for a lunge on Djuric, despite his appeals to the referee.,2
Asst: N. BarellaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MARTINEZ NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!! 2-0 INTER!!!!!! Martinez buries a left-footed strike from close range to double Inter's advantage. Barella is once again the architect as he cuts open the Salernitana defence with an incisive throughball. Martinez fends off one challenge before placing his strike past the hand of Sepe into the bottom-left corner.,1
Asst: N. BarellaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MARTINEZ FIRES INTER AHEAD!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Argentine finds the net on this occasion, placing his strike past Sepe. Barella threads the needle with an incisive pass into the right-inside channel for Martinez's run. The forward takes a touch before curling his right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner.,1
Mousset battles for the ball on the edge of the Inter box and catches Darmian late. The referee brandishes a yellow card.,2
Darmian catches Kastanos with a late challenge and goes into the book, presenting the visitors with a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Midfielder #20A welcome sight for Chelsea as Pulisic returns from injury for his first appearance of the season to replace Hudson-Odoi.,0
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7Kovacic replaces Kante for the closing stages of the game.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JORGINHO SCORES AGAIN!!! 4-0!! Chelsea are cantering towards victory now as Jorginho notches his second with another cool penalty. It's a carbon-copy of his first spot-kick, placing his effort to the right away from Guaita.,1
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JORGINHO CONVERTS!!! 3-0!! The Italy international holds his composure from 12 yards to all but secure the win for Chelsea this afternoon. He does his trademark hop on his run-up before placing a right-footed strike into the right side of the net away from the dive of Guaita.,1
James McArthurCrystal Palace · Midfielder #18Riedewald replaces McArthur in the Palace midfield for the final 18 minutes.,0
ante brings down Townsend on the charge and goes into the book.,2
James McCarthyCrystal Palace · Midfielder #22Milivojevic comes on to the field to replace McCarthy in the Palace midfield.,0
Asst: B. ChilwellGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ZOUMA HEADS HOME!!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!!! The Blues have control now as Zouma finds the net. Chilwell sees his corner repelled, but the Blues recycle possession. The England full-back gets a second chance and puts his delivery on the money. Zouma gets above Kouyate and glances his header away from Guaita into the top-right corner.,1
Azpilicueta brings down Eze trying to break upfield and goes into the book.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHILWELL BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!! A mistake at the back from Sakho allows Chelsea to take the lead. Hudson-Odoi tries to beat the challenge of the Frenchman, who stops his progress. However, he slices his clearance straight to Azpilicueta. The Spaniard lifts a cross into the box where Abraham diverts it into the path of Chilwell. The left-back hammers a left-footed strike past Guaita into the net to notch his first goal for the club.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Aguero makes it 2-0 to City! The hosts whip a corner into the box and Ake meets it well, rising above his marker and powering a header towards goal, but Mandanda gets across well and makes a good save. However, the rebound falls straight to Aguero, who taps it in from just a couple of yards out.,1
Valère GermainMarseille · Midfielder #28The final substitution sees Germain come off and he has been replaced by Benedetto.,0
Florian ThauvinMarseille · Midfielder #26Thauvin is also coming off and he has been replaced by Ake.,0
Pape GueyeMarseille · Midfielder #22Triple substitution by the visitors now, in a final attempt to get back into the game. Gueye is the first man to come off, he has been replaced by Strootman.,0
Dimitri PayetMarseille · Striker #10The other change by the visitors sees Payet replaced by Cuisance.,0
Riyad MahrezMan City · Midfielder #26City also make a substitution and it is Mahrez who is making way for Aguero.,0
Boubacar KamaraMarseille · Midfielder #4Double substitution now by Marseille, with Kamara the first to come off and he has been replaced by Rongier.,0
GOOOAAALLL! City take the lead, it’s 1-0! Silva sprints forward and lays the ball off to Mahrez, who gets the ball nicked off his toes and it falls perfectly into the path of Torres, who then fires it past Mandanda from close range. It was unlucky for Marseille that the ball fell straight to the City man, but he made no mistakes with the finish.,1
İlkay GündoğanMan City · Midfielder #8City have made substitution ahead of the second half, with Gundogan the man coming off and he has been replaced by Sterling.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Gueye for his blatant trip on Gundogan as he tried to break forward and set up another City attack from the halfway line.,2
Eric GarcíaMan City · Defender #50Here is the enforced City substitution, with Garcia limping off with an injury and he has been replaced by Stones.,0
Romelu LukakuRoma · Striker #90Roma make a late change as they look to shore up their defence in the final few minutes. Llorente comes on for Lukaku.,0
Leandro ParedesRoma · Midfielder #16Bove will enter the game in the final few minutes of the match, and he will replace Paredes.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7De Rossi makes an alteration in midfield, with Aouar entering the fray. Pellegrini makes way.,0
Paulo DybalaRoma · Striker #21De Rossi makes an alteration in attack, with Abraham coming on to replace Dybala.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #10Leao is also replaced in the forward line, with Okafor entering the fray.,0
Christian PulisicMilan · Midfielder #11Pioli makes a change in attack as Milan search for an equaliser, with Pulisic heading to the bench to be replaced by Chukwueze.,0
oftus-Cheek has his name taken by the referee for illegally halting a Roma counter-attack.,2
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Pioli makes the first change of the game, with Adli coming into midfield in place of Bennacer.,0
ristante has his name taken after bringing down Loftus-Cheek as Milan looked to counter-attack.,2
Pulisic receives a yellow card for stopping a Roma counter-attack with a reckless challenge.,2
Asst: P. DybalaGOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-0 ROMA!! From the resulting corner, Dybala delivers a dangerous ball into the box, and Mancini peels away from his marker. He gets up well and glances towards goal, and it flies into the bottom corner, leaving Maignan rooted to the spot! That’s his second goal in the competition this season!,1
Thilo KehrerPSG · Defender #4PSG make a late change, with Kehrer heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Diaby.,0
Damien Le TallecMontpellier · Midfielder #14Third and final substitution by the visitors, with Le Tallec replaced by Lasne.,0
Dani AlvesPSG · Midfielder #13PSG change now, with Alves the man coming off and he has been replaced by Dagba.,0
 Gaëtan Laborde Montpellier · Midfielder #10Montpellier make their second substitution of the game, with Laborde replaced by Sambia.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11PSG make their first change of the game, with Di Maria coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Choupo-Moting.,0
nother yellow card, this time it is shown to Verratti after his late challenge on Skuletic. The midfielder dives into the tackle and takes the legs of the striker, not getting anywhere near the ball.,2
Alves is the first PSG player to be booked after he fouls Aguilar just outside the penalty area, in a good position for Mollet to whip the ball into the box.,2
he referee shows the first yellow card of the game to Oyongo after his foul on Alves, who appears to be in some pain following the challenge.,2
Pedro MendesMontpellier · Defender #5Here is the first substitution for the visitors, with Mendes forced off with injury and he has been replaced by Cozza.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Midfielder #30A final change for West Ham, and it's a defensive one. Antonio's race is run, as he makes way for Obiang, who will likely slot into midfield, with Snodgrass moving wide.,0
Marko ArnautovićWest Ham · Striker #7The second change sees Carroll, whose height and aerial prowess will be useful in defence as well as attack, replace by Arnautovic, who makes a point of waving to the West Ham crowd before making his way off. That was no normal reaction to a substitution, and given West Ham do not play at home until January 29, could that well be a goodbye from the Austrian?,0
Samir NasriWest Ham · Midfielder #18Ramsey has forced a corner, and West Ham will use the break in play to make a double change of their own. First, Nasri – who has capped a fine display with an assist – makes way for Snodgrass.,0
Ainsley Maitland-NilesArsenal · Midfielder #15A third and final change now from Emery. Maitland-Niles has had a decent game, but Bellerin is now on, and the Spaniard will offer another attacking outlet down the right flank.,0
The change in shape for Arsenal will leave their full-backs more exposed, however, and Kolasinac will now have to tread a fine line, with the former Schalke man having just received a booking for a late lunge on Antonio.,2
Shkodran MustafiArsenal · Defender #20The second change sees Mustafi replaced by Ramsey, so there will indeed be a change in shape, likely to a 4-3-3 or a 4-2-3-1 system.,0
Granit XhakaArsenal · Midfielder #34Well, no time wasted from Emery. He is making a double change, and the first Arsenal substitution sees Xhaka make way for Torreira.,0
Asst: S. NasriGOAL! West Ham take the lead thanks to Rice! He missed a gilt-edged chance on the stroke of half-time, but the youngster now has his first Hammers goal, having hammered home into the corner from the centre of the box.,1
Straight away, West Ham are on the front foot, with Felipe Anderson drawing a clumsy foul from Mustafi, who picks up the game’s first yellow card.,2
sst: H. ZiyechLUKAKU SCORES! For a moment there, it didn't look like he'd manage it, but he finally found the back of the net! Llorente lost the ball and Loftus-Cheek finds Ziyech. He squares it to Lukaku, who keeps hold of it as Struijk slides in. Three Leeds defenders are clipping at his heels, but he keeps his cool and lifts his shot over Meslier. 3-0 Chelsea!,1
RaphinhaLeeds United · Defender #10Raphinha did go back out onto the pitch after receiving treatment, but he went to the sidelines to ask Marsch to come off. He does so, with Gelhardt on for him.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #10Pulisic is also taken off, with Ziyech replacing him.,0
Reece JamesChelsea · Midfielder #24Chelsea are making a double change here. James is the first to go off, with Azpilicueta on in his place.,0
Lewis BateLeeds United · Midfielder #26Leeds are making their second change of the game now. Bate is going off, with Klich on to replace him.,0
Asst: M. MountPULISIC SCORES! Once again, it comes from Chelsea's right as it's worked infield and Mount just flicks it to Pulisic on the edge of the D. He takes it around Cooper to open up the space before drilling a low shot past Meslier into the bottom corner. 2-0 Chelsea!,1
Pulisic nicks the ball off Phillips, who quickly jumps back to his feet before sliding in on the American. It's a frustrated challenge that sees him go into the book.,2
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #22Harrison's game is coming to an early end, as he comes off with the medical team. Firpo comes on to replace him.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Kovacic is down again, and this time, it doesn't look like he'll be able to carry on. He leaves the field with the medical team, and Loftus-Cheek is being brought on to replace him.,0
DAN JAMES IS SENT OFF! Leeds are down to 10 men for the second game in a row! It's a really poor challenge from James, who lunges into the challenge on Kovacic and catches him on his calf with his studs. It's right in front of the referee, who goes straight to his pocket to produce the red card. Things have gone from back to worse for the hosts here...,3
Asst: R. JamesMOUNT SCORES! Chelsea work it well from left to right and Reece James has acres of space down the right. He wrongfoots Struijk before laying it off to Mount, and he hits the shot first time. He wraps his foot around it, curling it past Meslier and into the top right corner. That is not the start Leeds wanted! 1-0 Chelsea!,1
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Antonio has led the line with aplomb for West Ham all game long, and Andriy Yarmolenko comes on late.,0
est Ham soak up a good minute of City pressure before finally clearing the danger, and Bowen sets off on the counter before being pulled back by Jesus, who is booked for the cynical foul.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8Fornals comes off for West Ham, and youngster Ben Johnson will see out the game for the Hammers.,0
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10Lanzini is withdrawn for West Ham, and their captain Mark Noble comes on for his final appearance in front of the home fans.,0
abianski takes too long to take the goal kick from the referee's perspective, and is booked for time-wasting.,2
oufal holds back De Bruyne's run on the edge of the West Ham box, and the defender is yellow carded by the referee.,2
Asst: RodriGOOOAAALLL!!! There's the response!!! Zinchenko's deep cross is headed back by Rodri, and Grealish smashes a volley the bounces over Fabianski and into the net! 2-1, and game on already!!,1
Asst: M. AntonioGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! He's got another!!!! Antonio chests down Soucek's header and flicks it over the City defence. Bowen sneaks in between the centre backs and slots the ball beyond Ederson and into the bottom corner!!! 2-0 to West Ham, and Bowen's got a golden touch at the moment!,1
Bowen clips Fernandinho late and is penalised, picking up the game's first yellow card in the process.,2
Asst: P. FornalsGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! West Ham hit the front!!! A beauty of a reverse ball from Fornals on the volley puts Bowen in the clear, and he ghosts past everyone before rounding Ederson and slotting home! 1-0 to West Ham, and the London Stadium lights up!,1
Lukic is shown a late yellow card for handball just outside the Torino penalty area, which gives Milan a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Linetty’s desperate sliding challenge catches Hernandez and earns the substitute a yellow card.,2
Aleksei MiranchukTorino · Midfielder #59Adopo replaces the goalscorer as Miranchuk comes off.,0
Samuele RicciTorino · Midfielder #28The first substitution comes in midfield with Linetty on for Ricci.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30No surprise as Giroud comes onto the pitch for the final 12 minutes as Milan continue to search for the equaliser, with Messias making way.,0
A frustrated Pobega is shown a yellow card for leaving a stamp on Vlasic.,2
Perr SchuursTorino · Defender #3Zima comes on for Schuurs with Torino continuing to reshuffle their defence.,0
Pietro PellegriTorino · Striker #11Pellegri is replaced shortly after his booking, with Karamoh on in his place.,0
Alessandro BuongiornoTorino · Defender #4Buongiorno is also replaced, with former MIlan defender Rodriguez on instead.,0
Pellegri is shown a yellow card for having a bit too much to say to the referee.,2
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8A swap in midfield for Milan sees Bennacer come on for Tonali.,0
MILAN MAKE THE MOST OF A MISTAKE! 2-1! Tonali launches the ball forward for Messias, who is beaten to the ball by Buongiorno. The centre-back takes a poor touch and loses possession to the former Crotone winger, who in the same motion turns the oncoming Milinkovic-Savic. With the goalkeeper caught in no man’s land, Messias puts the ball on his left foot and curls a finish into the empty net!,1
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Diaz is hauled off after 45 minutes with De Ketelaere on in his place.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Rebic comes on for Leao in an attacking change for Milan.,0
Pierre KaluluMilan · Defender #20Pioli switches his right-backs with Dest coming on for Kalulu.,0
Asst: N. VlašićIT GOES FROM BAD TO WORSE FOR MILAN! 2-0 TORINO! Milan are again inexplicably lax in defence, allowing Milinkovic-Savic’s goal kick to drop just outside the penalty area. Vlasic gets on the end of it and lays it off for Miranchuk, who slots his effort through the crowd and in!,1
Asst: V. LazaroDJIDJI MAKES IT 1-0 TORINO! Lazaro puts the free-kick right onto the penalty spot, where Djidji is able to place his unmarked header off the far post and in!,1
Kalulu blocks the path of Vlasic and drops the forward to the ground during an attempt to cut inside, which prompts the referee to show the Milan full-back a yellow card.,2
uongiorno is shown the second yellow card of the match for a late step through the ankle of Messias.,2
chuurs catches Pobega on the ankle in midfield and receives the first yellow card of the match.,2
Lemar brings down Fati down the left flank and goes into the book. Messi will have at least one final chance to send a cross into the box.,2
Arturo VidalBarcelona · Midfielder #22Setien turns to Griezmann for the closing stages. Can the former Atletico man haunt his old club?,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Busquets makes way for Barca in an attacking move as Fati comes on to the pitch.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21Lemar replaces Carrasco on the left flank.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Vitolo replaces Correa for the visitors in the final third.,0
Carrasco sticks out a boot and catches Messi. He goes into the book and hands Barca a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Diego CostaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Morata replaces Costa for the final 14 minutes of the game.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Striker #14Llorente makes way for Joao Felix in the final third.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SAUL SCORES FROM THE SPOT AGAIN!!! 2-2!!! Ter Stegen is furious with himself as Saul's strike just bursts through his hands and finds the bottom-right corner. It's not a clean effort from the Spaniard and the Barca keeper should make the stop, but his hands are not firm enough and the ball trickles into the net.,1
Messi pulls back Lodi and then protests the decision. He goes into the book.,2
Felipe goes in to a 50/50 with Busquets and catches the Spaniard on his follow-through. He did win the ball, but it was not enough for the referee not to brandish the card.,2
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MESSI BAMBOOZLES OBLAK!!!! 2-1 BARCELONA!!! The home side regain the lead as the Argentine scoops his strike with a panenka into the middle of the net. Oblak dives early and is powerless to prevent the strike from crossing the line. It's a special strike for Messi - his 700th career goal.,1
essi gets the better of Saul in space and the Spaniard has to bring him down to stop his run.,2
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SAUL CONVERTS FROM 12 YARDS!!! 1-1!!! Atletico opt to change their penalty taker after Costa's miss. Saul has no problem dispatching his left-footed strike into the bottom-right corner, sending Ter Stegen the wrong way. The visitors are back in the game.,1
ique is booked by the referee for his protest to the official in the aftermath of the decision.,2
ELLOW! Ter Stegen comes off his line too early from the spot-kick and is booked by the referee. His intial save of Costa's effort is chalked off.,2
William CarvalhoReal Betis · Midfielder #14Carvalho is the final player to come off for Betis after struggling with an injury in the last few minutes and Sidnei comes on to replace him. ,0
Isco is shown a yellow card after he catches Carvalho with a bad challenge from behind. ,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Final roll of the dice from Zidane now as he brings on Vazquez in place of Benzema. ,0
Asst: J. FirpoJESE DOUBLES BETIS' LEAD! Lo Celso was keeping the ball on the edge of the box and was drawing the Madrid defenders towards him. He picks out Firpo who crosses it into an unmarked Jese in the middle of the box and he fires his effort high into the roof of the net. 2-0 Betis!,1
Lorenzo Jesús Morón GarcíaReal Betis · Striker #16Second change for Betis now as the goal scorer Moron is replaced by Tello. ,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Madrid make their second change of the game now as Isco comes on in place of Valverde.,0
Wilfrid KaptoumReal Betis · Midfielder #34First change of the game for Betis now as Kaptoum goes off after that earlier injury and is replaced by Jese. ,0
Asst: A. GuardadoMORON PUTS BETIS AHEAD! Guardado had quite a lot of space down the left wing and he got his head up and saw Moron's run to the far post. The forward took the shot first time and fired his effort into the roof of the net. 1-0 Betis!,1
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Striker #21Zidane makes the first change of the game as he brings on Asensio in place of Brahim. ,0
arvajal is shown a yellow card after clumsily bringing down Firpo. Some of the Betis players are asking for a red card instead as they think he was the last man, but it looked like Varane would get back on the cover. ,2
Valverde is shown a yellow card after catching Guardado with a bad challenge. ,2
Kaptoum is shown the first yellow card of the game after pulling back Vinicius. ,2
Cole PalmerChelsea · Striker #20We're going to see a Chelsea debut for former Leicester City loanee Casadei. He replaces Palmer, who has been totally anonymous, for the closing stages.,0
Curtis JonesLiverpool · Midfielder #17Klopp makes his fifth and final change as Clark replaces Jones.,0
sst: D. NúñezGOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! DIAZ MAKES IT 4-1! Nunez may not have a goal to his name, but he does have an assist! Badiashile is playing the Uruguayan onside as he darts onto Mac Allister's throughball before firing a low cross into the six-yard box. Diaz arrives to steer it past Petrovic, and Liverpool's three-goal cushion is restored!,1
onate is booked for a tactical foul on halfway to prevent a Chelsea break. What a game we have on our hands here!,2
Asst: C. ChukwuemekaGOOOOAAALL! CHELSEA GET ONE BACK! Two substitutes combine for Chelsea as they reduce the arrears! Chukwuemeka powers his way to the edge of the box before flicking a pass into Nkunku, who holds off Mac Allister before swivelling to the left and hitting a low shot across Alisson and in off the far post. 3-1. They couldn't, could they?,1
Joe GomezLiverpool · Defender #2Finally, Robertson is brought on for Gomez at left-back.,0
Dominik SzoboszlaiLiverpool · Midfielder #8Szoboszlai's goal is one of his final actions as he is also withdrawn, with Klopp protecting him after his return from injury. Elliot comes on.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Jota scored Liverpool's opener, and he is also getting a rest. Gakpo comes on in attack.,0
Conor BradleyLiverpool · Defender #84With the points surely secured, Klopp makes four changes in one go! Bradley is the first to go off, and he gets a standing ovation from the home fans as he's replaced by Alexander-Arnold. A man of the match performance from the 20-year-old!,0
Moisés CaicedoChelsea · Midfielder #25Pochettino makes his fourth change after seeing Chelsea go 3-0 down. Caicedo was booked early on, so he is protected as Chukwuemeka comes on.,0
sst: C. BradleyGOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLL! SZOBOSZLAI KILLS THE CONTEST! It's another assist for Bradley! Liverpool take the sting out of the game with a prolonged spell of possession, then Van Dijk hits a booming crossfield ball to Bradley. He puts his head down and darts down the line, beating Badiashile with ease before lifting a cross onto the edge of the six-yard box, where Szoboszlai plants his header under Petrovic! 3-0 and surely it's game over now!,1
unez picks up an early second-half booking for kicking the ball away to prevent a quick Chelsea restart.,2
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Defender #21Chilwell is perhaps the most surprising withdrawal, though he was booked for diving earlier. Gusto replaces him.,0
Noni MaduekeChelsea · Midfielder #11Wow. Desperate times call for desperate measures, and Pochettino has made a triple substitution at half-time. Mudryk is on for the ineffective Madueke.,0
Conor GallagherChelsea · Midfielder #23Nkunku makes his return from injury in place of Gallagher. That move will see Palmer drop into a number 10 role.,0
ow Disasi is booked for a careless foul, which prompts some complaints from Pochettino. Chelsea need half-time here.,2
Asst: L. DíazGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! WHAT A MOMENT FOR BRADLEY! Liverpool have a two-goal lead! Bradley has been absolutely terrific so far, and now he has his first Liverpool goal! Diaz turns and scampers over halfway, with a collision between Jota and Chilwell opening up space on the right. Sterling doesn't track Bradley as Diaz offloads the ball into the right-back's path, and he drills it across Petrovic and into the bottom-left corner! 2-0 to the Reds!,1
Penalty? No, he's booked for diving! That is embarrassing from Chilwell! The Chelsea left-back drives inside from the wing, beating Konate, who flicks out a foot vaguely in his direction. He makes absolutely no contact whatsoever, yet Chilwell throws himself down and appeals for a spot-kick. The referee rightly books him, and he can have no complaints.,2
ow Fernandez is cautioned for a late lunge on Jones near the edge of the box. He joins his midfield partner Caicedo in the book, and Liverpool have a free-kick in a shooting position, perhaps five yards back from the edge of the D.,2
Asst: C. BradleyGOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! JOTA MAKES THE BREAKTHROUGH! Liverpool have the goal they deserve as Bradley dispossesses Chilwell before feeding a pass inside to Jota. He has options right and left, but instead, he charges between Silva and Badiashile, taking advantage of a fortunate ricochet to wriggle through on goal before slotting his finish into the bottom-right corner! 1-0 Liverpool!,1
Caicedo, a former Liverpool target, is booked for dissent after that foul.,2
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Palmer will be given the chance to show his quality in the closing minutes as he replaces De Bruyne.,0
uehi is the third player to receive a yellow card in as many minutes from the referee.,2
Mateta is too aggressive when trying to win the ball back and is into the referee's book.,2
Foden receives a yellow card after a clumsy challenge from the winger.,2
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9Gomez comes on for his Man City debut for the hat trick hero Haaland.,0
sst: İ. Gündoğan4-2 HAALAND!!!! IT’S A HATTRICK FOR HAALAND! Gundogan plays the ball into the feet of Haaland and the striker uses his strength to body Ward and slots the ball past Guaita. Ruthless finishing from Haaland.,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Midfielder #9Mateta will move into the striker position as he comes onto the pitch for Ayew.,0
Nathaniel ClyneCrystal Palace · Defender #17Olise replaces Clyne as Vieira brings on an extra attacking player to try and fight back in this game.,0
sst: J. Stones3-2 HAALAND!!!!!!! Man City take a quick corner and Silva combines with Alvarez and the Portuguese man cuts it back to Stones. Stones’ mishit shots falls to Haaland from two yards out and puts City ahead!,1
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Hughes comes on for Palace to add another body into the Palace midfield. It seems to be Eze who has been pushed into the striker role for now.,0
sst: P. Foden2-2 HAALAND!!!!!!! It is his first chance all game and he buries it. Foden crosses it into a dangerous position and the Norwegian heads home. It is his first goal at the Etihad Stadium for Man City.,1
Riyad MahrezMan City · Midfielder #26Alvarez comes for Mahrez to change City to a two-striker formation and cause more trouble for the Palace defenders.,0
Tyrick MitchellCrystal Palace · Defender #3Richards replaces Mitchell who cannot carry on due to the injury he picked up minutes earlier.,0
Asst: Rodri2-1 BERNARDO SILVA!!!!! Rodri switches the ball to Silva who drives out to the edge of the box and then cuts the ball towards the near post and a deflection wrong-foots Guaita. Game on!,1
Asst: E. Eze2-0 ANDERSEN!!!!!!!! Andersen sends a bullet header into the bottom left corner past Ederson from Eze’s corner to double Palace’s lead! Clinical finishing from the away side.,1
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20One final roll of the dice by Inzaghi: Calhanoglu is replaced by Klaassen for the final few minutes.,0
Martin ErlićSassuolo · Defender #5Dionisi makes his final substitution, as Erlic is withdrawn and Ferrari steps into the Croatian's shoes at centre-back.,0
Andrea PinamontiSassuolo · Striker #9Sassuolo make a further change, this time up front. Having now scored only once in nine league meetings with his former club, Pinamonti traipses off; Defrel jogs on.,0
inally, the referee produces his first yellow card, as Henrique is booked for time-wasting.,2
Federico DimarcoInter · Midfielder #32Carlos Augusto is also sent on, with Dimarco withdrawn from Inter's left flank.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95De Vrij comes on for Bastoni at centre-back.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Finally, Mkhitaryan makes way for ex-Sassuolo midfielder Frattesi.,0
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9Reacting to falling behind, Inter make no less than four changes: first, Thuram is replaced by the vastly experienced Sanchez, who only recently returned to San Siro for a second spell.,0
Asst: J. ToljanBERARDI DOES IT AGAIN! Inter trail 2-1 to Sassuolo at San Siro! After leaving Mkhitaryan flat-footed by dancing past him on the right, Berardi lets fly with a typically clinical finish, which nestles into the bottom-left corner of the net: Sommer had no chance this time! What a way to put the Neroverdi in front!,1
Nedim BajramiSassuolo · Midfielder #11Shortly after scoring, Bajrami is somewhat surprisingly hauled off by Dionisi; former Milan man Castillejo comes on.,0
Mattia VitiSassuolo · Defender #21Sassuolo introduce more fresh legs in order to preserve their point. First, Viti is replaced by Ruan at the back.,0
Asst: D. BerardiSASSUOLO STRIKE! The Neroverdi haul themselves level! Scoring his ninth Serie A career goal - and perhaps one of the most important - Bajrami gets his team back into this game. Latching on to Berardi's pass, he picks up the ball on the right side of the box before beating Sommer at the near post! 1-1!,1
Matías ViñaSassuolo · Defender #17Dionisi has made a half-time change at left-back: Pedersen comes on for Roma loanee Vina.,0
sst: M. ThuramINTER LEAD! Just before the break, the home side go in front! Invited by a hyper-cautious Viti to jink inside from the right, Dumfries finally steps away from his marker before sending an unerring strike straight into the bottom corner from 18 yards out! Thuram fed his team-mate, but that was all the wing-back's hard work: 1-0 to the Nerazzurri!,1
onte is booked for his late challenge on Lukaku just outside his own penalty area.,2
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Havertz is the latest Chelsea player to be rested with the weekend in mind, and Ziyech replaces him for the final few minutes.,0
Jonathan BambaLOSC · Midfielder #7Bamba has been productive in spells today, but now makes way for Gomes.,0
Gabriel GudmundssonLOSC · Midfielder #5Gudmundsson is also taken off by Gourvennec, and Bradaric will now slot in on the left.,0
Jonathan DavidLOSC · Striker #9After a relatively quiet game, David has been substituted, with veteran forward Ben Arfa coming on.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Striker #10Having scored in the first half, Pulisic has earned a rest; Lukaku replaces him up front.,0
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Tuchel also offers Jorginho an early finish to his shift, as Loftus-Cheek comes on in midfield.,0
Asst: M. MountCHELSEA LEAD! Again the champions strike out of the blue, as Mount receives the ball in the area and crosses from the left towards the back post. Haring in from his right-wing position, Azpilicueta is the man to make decisive contact: guiding the ball home from close range to effectively end the tie. Lille 1-2 Chelsea, and it is 4-1 to the visitors on aggregate!,1
Mehmet Zeki ÇelikLOSC · Defender #2Lille make another defensive change, as Celik is taken off for the more attacking option of Weah.,0
Sven BotmanLOSC · Defender #4His match ended by injury, Botman makes way for Onana.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Tuchel has opted to shuffle his pack during the interval, and Kovacic has been replaced by Mount for the second 45.,0
Asst: JorginhoCHELSEA EQUALISE! After a deliberate Chelsea build-up, Jorginho finds a yard of space around 20 yards from goal and prods through a beautifully weighted pass to pick out Pulisic in the box. The American winger stays cool to cut inside and steer the ball home at the far post; leaving Jardim with no chance. Lille 1-1 Chelsea, and the visitors are now 3-1 ahead on aggregate!,1
or a clear shirt-pull on Havertz out on the left flank, Gudmundsson is the first Lille player to receive a yellow card.,2
Penalty GoalLILLE LEAD! With supreme confidence, Yilmaz steps up to the penalty spot and firmly plants the ball into the top-right corner, leaving Mendy without a hope of saving it. Lille have reduced their aggregate deficit to one goal: just 2-1 to Chelsea overall, and the home crowd are going wild!,1
No sooner has he sprung from the bench, Chalobah goes into the referee's notebook for fouling David just outside the left side of the area.,2
Andreas ChristensenChelsea · Defender #4Christensen's game comes to an early end, and his injury-induced substitution sees Chalobah come on in his place.,0
nnecessary scenes at the end of the game saw Maitland-Niles clash with some Valencia players, and a fracas builds up on the pitch. The Arsenal youngster has received a booking after the whistle has gone, but he will likely not mind too much.,2
Asst: H. MkhitaryanWHAT A GOAL! AUBAMEYANG GETS HIS HAT-TRICK! That was absolutely sublime from Arsenal! They worked a patient move down the right, Aubameyang exchanging a number of passes with Guendouzi before dummying it for Mkhitaryan, whose throughball is perfectly weighted for the former Borussia Dortmund man to slam home high into the net. It's 4-2 on the night, and 7-3 on aggregate.,1
Lucas TorreiraArsenal · Midfielder #11A final change for Arsenal. Torreira has gone off, with Guendouzi coming on.,0
Rodrigo MorenoValencia · Striker #19Mina, who scored twice against and provided two assists against Huesca, has replaced Rodrigo.,0
Gonçalo GuedesValencia · Midfielder #7Valencia have made a double change. Guedes has made way for Torres.,0
Sead KolašinacArsenal · Midfielder #31Arsenal have been forced into another change, with Kolasinac hobbling off. Mustafi comes on, to a warm round of applause from the Valencia fans.,0
Asst: A. Maitland-NilesGOAL! 3-2 TO ARSENAL! Surely, that’s the game all over now. Maitland-Niles sends in a low cross, and Aubameyang is on hand at the front post to prod in and make it 6-3 on aggregate to the Gunners. Clinical!,1
Mesut ÖzilArsenal · Midfielder #10A first Arsenal substitution now sees Ozil – who puts a finger to his lips to silence the angry Valencia faithful – replaced by Mkhitaryan.,0
OAL! IT’S 2-2! It’s 5-3 on aggregate now, as Gameiro bundles in after initially blocking Wass’ shot. Cech tried his best to get there, but the Frenchman managed to flick it beyond Arsenal’s goalkeeper.,1
Cristiano PicciniValencia · Defender #21Piccini has made way for Soler in what is Valencia's first change.,0
sst: L. TorreiraGOOOAAAALLL!! LACAZETTE MAKES IT 2-1 TO ARSENAL! That really could be the tie over now! Valencia’s defence parted in front of Torreira following Gaya’s slack touch. The midfielder quickly picked his head up and found Lacazette who, after controlling it expertly, spun clear of two defenders and slammed home into the bottom-right corner.,1
Gaya has been shown a booking for simulation, much to the chagrin of his coach.,2
The first booking of the game goes Garay’s way, after he scythed down Lacazette. The Argentine is complaining about that decision, but the replays have shown it was a poor tackle.,2
Asst: A. LacazetteGOAL! AUBAMEYANG MAKES IT 1-1! Well, just as it looked as though Arsenal would get overrun, Emery’s side have sprung to life and delivered what could be a hammer blow to Valencia’s hopes. Lacazette sent a lovely cushioned pass through to Aubameyang, and he made no mistake with an unerring first-time finish on the half-volley.,1
ALENCIA GOAL! IT’S 1-0! The hosts are right back in this tie now, and could we be in for another comeback? Rodrigo gets away from his marker and slides a great cross into the six-yard box, where four-time Europa League winner Gameiro is on hand to tuck home.,1
onaldo catches De Bruyne with a late challenge on the right flank and goes into the book.,2
FredMan United · Midfielder #17Van de Beek enters the action to replace Fred in the United midfield. He gets a warm reception from the home fans.,0
Luke ShawMan United · Midfielder #23Shaw goes down for a second time and the United medical staff take no chances. Telles replaces the England man at left-back.,0
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Striker #11Rashford enters the action to replace Greenwood in the final third.,0
Silva catches Ronaldo with a late challenge and goes into the book. ,2
Greenwood has a run at Cancelo down the right flank and goes down after being tripped. Cancelo goes into the book.,2
Eric BaillyMan United · Defender #3Sancho replaces Bailly at the break. United may switch to a 4-2-3-1 formation.,0
Asst: J. CanceloGOALLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SILVA DOUBLES CITY'S LEAD BEFORE THE BREAK!!!!! 2-0!!!!!! The Portuguese coasts in at the back post to latch on to Cancelo's cross and pokes it through De Gea and into the bottom-right corner. The Spaniard has been excellent in the first half, but he allows a tame effort from the Portuguese to slip through his grasp into the net. It is a huge moment in the game.,1
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Bruce makes a late change of his own as he seeks to hold on to the result now, with Almiron replaced by Hendrick in midfield.,0
Asst: A. PérezGOAL!!! IHEANACHO GRABS A SECOND FOR LEICESTER!! The striker is fed out on the right by Perez and he cuts inside before cleverly steering a low shot inside the near post, leaving Dubravka rooted to the spot! It's 4-2 now!,1
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Striker #10Bruce makes a late change in attack now, bringing Saint-Maximin off for Joelinton in support of Wilson.,0
Asst: J. VardyGOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM ALBRIGHTON! Vardy's square ball from inside the box is dummied by Iheanacho and Albrighton thunders a strike into the top-right corner! It's unlikely to affect the result, but it was a terrific effort nonetheless. It's 4-1 now!,1
James MaddisonLeicester City · Midfielder #10Rodgers, meanwhile, brings Maddison off for the more defensive Mendy in midfield as the Leicester boss looks to do some damage control.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock went down holding his hamstring and, with the game wrapped up, Bruce takes no chances and replaces the Arsenal loanee with Longstaff in midfield.,0
GOAL!!! WILSON MAKES IT FOUR!!! Wilson gets in behind the Leicester defence yet again and opens his body up before curling a shot towards the far corner. It comes off the post, but ricochets straight back to him and the striker can simply tap the rebound into an empty net from a tight angle! It's 4-0 to Newcastle now!,1
Iheanacho slides in very recklessly on Almiron and gets a deserved yellow card for his poor challenge.,2
Ricardo Domingos Barbosa PereiraLeicester City · Midfielder #21Rodgers makes a second change now, replacing Pereira with Thomas and adding a naturally left-footed player at wing-back.,0
GOAL!!! WILSON MAKES IT 3-0 TO NEWCASTLE!!! Leicester are caught very high up the field and Castagne can't cut out a ball in behind for Wilson, who races into the box unopposed and draws Schmeichel out before rounding him and slotting into an empty net! ,1
Wilfred NdidiLeicester City · Midfielder #25Rodgers makes a bold substitution now, replacing a defensive midfielder in Ndidi with an extra forward in Perez.,0
Krafth slides in on Vardy as the Leicester striker charges towards the box and misses the ball, earning himself a yellow card.,2
sst: M. RitchieGOAL!!! NEWCASTLE DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! Ritchie swings a corner to the back post and Dummett out-jumps Fofana to meet it and power a header at goal that Schmeichel can only palm into the net! It's 2-0 to Newcastle now!,1
GOAL!!! NEWCASTLE TAKE THE LEAD!!! Soyuncu loses concentration for a moment and fails to properly control a low ball forward, allowing Willock to pounce on it and drive into the box before steering an effort across goal and in from a tight angle! It's 1-0 to Newcastle!,1
esus is booked after the final whistle amidst City players protesting vigorously towards the referee. ,2
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah makes way for Gomez as Liverpool add to their defensive contingent to try and hang on to their lead. ,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Firmino is replaced by Oxlade-Chamberlain as Liverpool try and tighten up their defence. ,0
CITY GET ONE BACK! Well, if it's the start of the comeback they've certainly left it late! De Bruyne beats Fabinho in the air to recycle possession out towards Angelino who fires in a low cross that Silva calmly slots beyond Alisson from 10 yards! ,1
Sergio AgüeroMan City · Striker #10Aguero is replaced by Jesus after a profligate day in front of goal. ,0
Rodrigo is booked for some excessive protesting after the push on Sterling.,2
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Henderson is replaced by Milner as the hosts try and ensure that their energy levels don't drop in midfield. ,0
Asst: J. HendersonLIVERPOOL GET A THIRD! Gundgoan affords Henderson too much space on the right-wing and he flights in a cross from deep towards the back post, where Mane charges past his marker and powers a header beyond Bravo at the near post!,1
Asst: A. RobertsonLIVERPOOL SCORE AGAIN! 2-0! Alexander-Arnold executes a crisp switch of play out towards Andy Robertson on the left flank, who proceeds to swing in an early cross that Salah runs onto, before nodding a cushioned header beyond Bravo from close range! What a start for the hosts!,1
IVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD! What a strike! The hosts break rapidly while City are still howling for a penalty and Mane drives down the left flank before having a cross blocked out towards Fabinho, who fires a fierce drive into the top left corner from 25 yards! Bravo was left with no chance!,1
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Everton use their last substitution window. Iwobi departs and is replaced by Gordon, who made his Everton debut last weekend.,0
BernardEverton · Midfielder #20Everton make another change of their own. Bernard is replaced by Everton's veteran left-back Baines.,0
Jamal LewisNorwich City · Defender #12Here's that Norwich change - Lewis off, Cantwell on. Norwich are chucking everyone forward.,0
Kean earns himself an immediate yellow card for a poor challenge on Vrancic. The Italian's still struggling to justify how much Everton paid for him.,2
Alexander TetteyNorwich City · Midfielder #27Another Norwich change. Tettey is sacrificed to bring on the more creative midfielder Vrancic.,0
RicharlisonEverton · Striker #7Everton also make a substitution. Kean comes on for Richarlison up front.,0
Onel HernándezNorwich City · Midfielder #11Norwich make a few more changes. Hernandez, who's faded this half, is replaced by the young Irishman Idah.,0
Lukas RuppNorwich City · Midfielder #7Norwich make a second change. Rupp makes way for the Argentinian playmaker Buendia.,0
Ondrej DudaNorwich City · Midfielder #25Norwich substitution. The Canaries' top scorer this season Pukki comes on for Duda.,0
sst: L. DigneGOAL! 1-0 EVERTON! Hernandez hands Everton a corner down their right. Digne swings the ball in with his left foot and Keane nods it down easily to nestle into the bottom corner!,1
Tom DaviesEverton · Midfielder #26Everton make a substitution at half-time. Sigurdsson replaces Davies in the centre of midfield.,0
Hernandez throws the ball to Tierney and the left-back goes down holding his chest. The Watford fans and players are angry when the referee gives the free-kick against them and Hernandez is booked.,2
Nketiah steps across Sissoko to stop him from breaking away quickly on the counter and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Arsenal's final change is a defensive one as they try to see out the win. Odegaard is taken off, with Holding on for him.,0
Tom CleverleyWatford · Midfielder #8Watford are making their second change now as Cleverley goes off for Kalu.,0
Asst: J. HernándezSISSOKO PULLS ONE BACK! It's a lovely floated cross from Hernandez and Sissoko brings it down on his chest. He does well to keep hold of it under pressure from White before taking on the shot from a tight angle. He keeps it low, hitting it under Ramsdale into the far side of the net. 3-2!,1
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Second change for Arsenal now, with Lacazette making way for Nketiah.,0
Gabriel MartinelliArsenal · Midfielder #35Arsenal are making their first change now and it's Martinelli that's going off for Pepe.,0
Imran LouzaWatford · Midfielder #6Watford are making the first change of the game and it's Louza that's going off for Kayembe.,0
It's a clumsy one from Soares, who has his hands all over Pedro as he clips him from behind, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: A. LacazetteMARTINELLI SCORES! Saka takes a quick throw-in, and it's worked through Soares, Odegaard and Lacazette to Martinelli with a series of one-touch passes. He lets it bounce in front of him before hitting it on the half-volley, and he fires his shot into the far top corner of the net. 3-1 Arsenal!,1
sst: A. LacazetteSAKA SCORES! The move starts with Saka, who quickly steps across Cleverley to win the ball back when he was dawdling on the ball. He plays a one-two with Lacazette on the edge of the box before rifling a great shot over Foster to restore Arsenal's lead. 2-1 Arsenal!,1
Asst: K. FemeníaWHAT A GOAL! It's great work from Sissoko originally to hold off Tierney and keep his side upfield before it's pulled back to Femenia. He clips a wonderful cross into the box and Hernandez pulls off a spectacular overhead kick, which bounces under Ramsdale's hand and into the bottom corner. 1-1!,1
sst: B. SakaODEGAARD SCORES! Saka plays a clever one-two with Odegaard to open up the space down the right before he squares it back to Odegaard on the edge of the box. He takes it past Cathcart before poking a shot under Foster and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
Iddrisu BabaAlmería · Midfielder #4The hosts' other change sees Lazaro introduced for Baba.,0
Sergio ArribasAlmería · Midfielder #19Almeria also make a double change. Puigmal replaces Arribas in the first of those.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Madrid make a further two changes. The first sees Vazquez replace Valverde.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #7Vinicius also goes off to be replaced by former Milan loanee Diaz.,0
Jude BellinghamReal Madrid · Midfielder #5Bellingham is given a well-earned rest as he goes off to be replaced by Joselu.,0
sst: J. BellinghamVINICIUS!!! 3-1! And surely, that's game over! Carvajal and Bellingham combine to set up Vinicius, who takes a touch before neatly lifting a shot beyond Maximiano and into the top corner.,1
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Madrid also makes two changes. Modric replaces Rodrygo in the first of them.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Kroos is also given a breather with Camavinga taking his place.,0
Lucas RobertoneAlmería · Midfielder #5Melero also enters the action with Robertone making way.,0
Marc PubillAlmería · Defender #18The hosts make a double change. The first sees Pubill replaced by Pozo.,0
Largie RamazaniAlmería · Midfielder #7Almeria make a change with Kone replacing Ramazani.,0
sst: T. KroosBELLINGHAM!!! 2-1 MADRID! It's that man again! Madrid complete the turnaround as Bellingham arrives late from midfield to beat Maximiano to Kroos' cross, and heads home his second goal of the game.,1
ELLINGHAM!!! 1-1! Madrid equalise and it had been coming! Carvajal's cross is headed towards goal by Valverde and drops kindly for Bellingham, who controls before slotting home the equaliser.,1
Asst: L. RobertoneARRIBAS!!! 1-0 ALMERIA! What a counter by the hosts! After dealing with Kroos' delivery into the box, Almeria go straight down the other end with Robertone leading the charge. He crosses for Arribas, who powerfully heads past Lunin.,1
João GomesWolves · Midfielder #8Another change for Wolves. Doherty comes on for Gomes for the final few minutes,,0
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Midfielder #3Wolves make a late change straight after the goal. Ait-Nouri is replaced by Hugo Bueno.,0
sst: M. MudrykGOALLL! CHELSEA GET ONE BACK! Could this start an unlikely comeback for the Blues? Mudryk's inswinging corner from the left is inviting, with Silva flicking his header across the goal and into the net. Wolves lead 4-2.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR CUNHA! 4-1 WOLVES! That should confirm the win for Wolves, who have been excellent against a poor Chelsea side. Cunha keeps his composure and rolls the spot-kick down the right side of the goal, sending Petrovic the other way. The Blues haven't created anything noteworthy since Sterling's opportunity at the start of the half and Wolves have taken full advantage. There will be plenty of questions for Pochettino after this display.,1
Ben ChilwellChelsea · Defender #21Chilwell is also coming off. He is replaced by Badiashile. Pochettino is trying to delay the penalty to try and distract Cunha.,0
Malo GustoChelsea · Defender #27Gusto is taken off immediately after conceding a penalty and is replaced by academy graduate Gilchrist.,0
Chilwell slides through Doyle and goes into the book. The left-back has struggled in the last two Premier League matches.,2
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Neto is given a huge round of applause from the away fans as he makes his way off the pitch. He created Wolves second goal and assisted the third. He is replaced by Bellegarde.,0
Pablo SarabiaWolves · Midfielder #21Wolves also make a straight swap in the midfield, with Doyle coming on for Sarabia.,0
Christopher NkunkuChelsea · Striker #18Nkunku hasn't been able to make an impact in Chelsea's attack after scoring off the bench against Liverpool and is now coming off for Chukwuemeka.,0
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #7Sterling had a huge opportunity to level the score earlier in the second half but drilled his low shot wide. He is replaced in the attack by the speedy Mudryk.,0
Asst: P. NetoGOALLLL! CUNHA SCORES AGAIN! 3-1! The visitors double their lead and are now in control. Fernández tries to intercept a pass on the right but inadvertently sends it down the wing to Neto, who darts forward and gets to the byline. He cuts it across to Cunha, with the forward rushing into the box to get to the ball before Gallagher to blast in his effort from close range.,1
Moisés CaicedoChelsea · Midfielder #25Pochettino has seen enough and has decided to make an attacking change. Jackson is back from the Africa Cup of Nations and replaces Caicedo.,0
Sarabia is pulled to the floor by Caicedo and wins a free-kick in almost the same position as moments before.,2
eto is shown a yellow card for a late tackle on Chilwell just outside Chelsea's box. He protests the foul immediately after the whistle is blown and goes into the book.,2
Semedo is the first Wolves player to go into the book for time wasting.,2
Gusto trips Cunha on the outside of the box on the left and gives away a free-kick.,2
Asst: J. GomesGOALLL! WOLVES ARE LEVEL! 1-1! Gomes wins possession just inside Chelsea's half and rolls the ball down the left for Cunha. The Brazilian cuts inside just outside the box and looks for a shot with his right foot. The ball takes a deflection off Silva and goes into the net.,1
Asst: M. CaicedoGOALLL! PALMER SCORES! 1-0 CHELSEA! The hosts are ahead through a regular source! Fernández has possession on the left and he sends a pass inside to Gallagher, who offloads it to Caicedo. The former Brighton man then slides a pass down the right side of the box to Palmer, who calmly dispatches his low effort into the bottom left-corner.,1
ofana completely missed the ball as he slid into Di Maria and he took out the Argentine. He's shown a yellow card for the tackle.,2
Mathieu DebuchySt-Étienne · Defender #26Final change for St-Etienne now and it's Debuchy making way for Krasso.,0
Ryad BoudebouzSt-Étienne · Midfielder #7There's another change for St-Etienne as well as Nordin replaces Boudebouz.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Tuchel is making a change now as Verratti comes on to replace Paredes.,0
here's another booking for dissent now and this time it's for M'Vila.,2
Mahdi CamaraSt-Étienne · Midfielder #8There's a double change for St-Etienne at the start of the second half as Neyou replaces Camara.,0
Romain HamoumaSt-Étienne · Striker #21Khazri also comes on to replace Hamouma. ,0
hat was a very late challenge from Camara on Paredes and he's shown a yellow card.,2
he yellow card is out again and it's shown to Marquinhos who caught Kolodziejczak late.,2
Yvann MaçonSt-Étienne · Midfielder #27There's a change for St-Etienne as well as Macon makes way for Moukoudi.,0
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Mbappe has been receiving treatment since the challenge but he's not going to be able to carry on. He limps down the tunnel and is replaced by Sarabia. ,0
After checking the monitor, the referee has gone back over the Perrin and showed him a red card for the challenge on Mbappe. St-Etienne are down to 10 men!,3
erratti is booked for dissent after coming off the bench to talk to the referee.,2
Thilo KehrerPSG · Defender #4Kehrer goes straight down the tunnel after going off with the medical team and Dagba replaces him.,0
PSG LEAD! It's a mistake from Debuchy as he gives the ball away cheaply to Mbappe and he drives forward into the box. Moulin is equal to his shot but he parries it into Neymar's path. It's a powerful hit from him and it bounces off the bar before crossing the line. 1-0 PSG!,1
There's an early yellow card here for Macon after he catches Neymar with a late challenge.,2
Trubin goes into the book for timewasting in the dying stages.,2
TaisonShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #7Dentinho comes on for the closing stages to replace Taison.,0
Achraf HakimiInter · Midfielder #2Hakimi has not produced for the home side and is withdrawn for Darmian.,0
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95D'Ambrosio comes on to replace Bastoni for the final five minutes.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10It has not been Martinez's night. He makes way for Eriksen for the closing stages.,0
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Gagliardini is withdrawn for the final 15 minutes as Sanchez gets the nod to replace the midfielder.,0
Ashley YoungInter · Midfielder #15Conte throws Perisic into the action down the left flank to replace Young.,0
TetêShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #14Tete is replaced by Solomon in the final third.,0
MarlosShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #11Marlos is withdrawn for Patrick in the middle of the park.,0
aison makes a penetrating run into the Inter half before he finally gets brought down by Hakimi from behind. The full-back is booked and hands Shakhtar a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
VitãoShakhtar Donetsk · Defender #49Vitao is forced from the field due to his head injury and is replaced by Khocholava.,0
agliardini talks himself into the book, speaking out of turn to the referee. A needless one for the midfielder.,2
Vitao clips the heels of Lukaku as he surges forward and goes into the book.,2
Locko is the latest to go into the referee's notebook, with the wing-back shown a yellow for dissent.,2
bappe comes across and takes the legs out from under Gravillon cynically. The forward is shown a yellow card as the match continues to boil over.,2
Neymar’s shoulder charge bundles Munetsi over and earns the Brazil international a yellow card.,2
ravillon is shown a yellow card for his part in the fracas, with the referee keen to punish those involved.,2
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Midfielder #19Hakimi gets two minutes to make a difference as he's sent on for Sarabia.,0
Dion LopyReims · Midfielder #17Lopy is recalled to the bench with six minutes remaining. Mbuku is chosen to replace him.,0
Arbër ZeneliReims · Striker #10Zeneli's wonderful match comes to an end as he's brought off for Doumbia.,0
Alexis FlipsReims · Midfielder #70Reims’ first change of the match sees Flips replaced by Van Bergen.,0
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #28Galtier makes a change in attack, sending Neymar on in Soler's place.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6Verratti is replaced by Vitinha at the half.,0
erratti is also shown a yellow for his cynical kick-out during Lopy's mazy run.,2
AMOS IS SENT OFF! PSG DOWN TO 10! Ramos is incensed by his yellow card and has far too much to say to the referee, who has no qualms about showing the former Real Madrid centre-back a second yellow card. He's given his marching orders as Galtier looks on pensively.,3
opy runs through three or four PSG players, evading each tackle as he inches closer and closer to goal. Ramos eventually takes one for the team and brings him down - taking a yellow card in the process.,2
This time it’s Munetsi who goes through the back of Soler, with the Reims midfielder picking up the first yellow card of the game.,2
Andrew RobertsonLiverpool · Defender #26Robertson has had a difficult time both offensively and defensively today. Tsimikas comes on at left-back for the final few minutes.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Another substitution for Liverpool. Milner switches with Thiago in the midfield.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Klopp has seen enough and has decided to make three changes. The first sees Gakpo come off for Oxlade-Chamberlain.,0
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Defender #3Lopetegui has decided to give Ait-Nouri a rest. Jonny comes on at left-back.,0
Mario LeminaWolves · Midfielder #5The injured Lemina is replaced Podence for the final seven minutes. Hee-Chan also had to go off with an injury in the first half.,0
Stefan BajčetićLiverpool · Midfielder #43The away side have decided to bring on another substitute. Elliott, who scored Liverpool’s winning goal at Molineux in the FA Cup, replaces Bajcetic.,0
Naby KeïtaLiverpool · Midfielder #8Klopp makes his first change. It is a straight swap in the midfield with Henderson replacing Keita.,0
Matheus CunhaWolves · Striker #12Wolves look to the bench for a second time. Taking his time to come off, Cunha is replaced in the attack by Jimenez.,0
Pablo SarabiaWolves · Striker #21A third switch for the home side. Looking to consolidate the midfield, veteran Moutinho replaces Sarabia.,0
The first yellow card of the game goes to Dawson. The defender tripped Nunez who had raced past him with the ball.,2
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Midfielder #11Wolves are forced into their first change of the game. After going down with an injury, Hee-Chan is replaced on the wing by Traore.,0
Matěj VydraBurnley · Striker #27Stephens enters the action to replace Vydra for the closing stages.,0
Collins brings down Sissoko on the left flank and goes into the book. Watford will have one last chance to threaten from a set-piece.,2
Aaron LennonBurnley · Midfielder #17Lowton replaces Lennon for the visitors to shore up their backline for the closing minutes.,0
Kucka goes into the book for a melee with Tarkowski after losing the ball behind for a goal-kick.,2
sst: M. VydraGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BROWNHILL FIRES BURNLEY IN FRONT!!!!!!! 2-1!!!!!! The midfielder scores a massive goal in the battle to remain in the Premier League. Watford fail to clear their lines from McNeil's free-kick from the left flank that pinballs around the box. Brownhill collects on the edge of the box and takes a touch. He places his right-footed strike with precision away from Foster into the bottom-right corner. What a goal that could be for Burnley.,1
sst: C. TaylorGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! CORK HEADS HOME A VITAL EQUALISER!!!!!!!!! 1-1!!!!! The Clarets have a deserved equaliser as Cork coasts in at the back post and heads home with a diving effort. Taylor is the architect with a driving run down the left flank before he whips a perfect cross to the back post for Cork to attack. The midfielder gets in behind Dennis and dispatches his attempt past Foster.,1
Wout WeghorstBurnley · Striker #9Weghorst makes way for the visitors and is replaced in the final third by Barnes.,0
arkowski brings down Joao Pedro on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Jay RodriguezBurnley · Striker #19Burnley throw on Barnes for Rodriguez as they hunt for a winner.,0
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Striker #15Schlupp is replaced by Kouyate for the hosts.,0
Erik PietersBurnley · Defender #23Pieters hasn't been able to get over his injury and heads off with Taylor coming on.,0
Jack CorkBurnley · Midfielder #4Burnley also make two changes: the first sees Cork make way for Westwood.,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Palace look to turn the tide of this game with a change: Milivojevic is replaced by Mateta.,0
Asst: M. OliseGOALL! SCHLUPP! 1-0. Palace take an early lead. Olise sizes up Lennon and beats the Burnley man before whipping in a dangerous cross that Schlupp pokes across Pope and into the far corner from five yards!,1
ow there’s a booking for Hakimi, whose foul will give Tatarusanu the chance to launch a long ball forward. However, the attack comes to nothing.,2
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! AND THERE IT IS! What a moment for Inter, and what a moment for Eriksen. If there was ever a player who needed that goal, it was him. The playmaker reminds everybody of his quality with a sublime free-kick, getting it up and over the wall and into the left-hand side of the net. It’s 2-1 Inter!,1
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77The break in play allows Conte to make a change, and it is Eriksen – the much-maligned playmaker who may yet move away from Inter this month – coming on for Brozovic.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56A second change in quick succession for Milan sees the ineffective Saelemaekers make way for Castillejo.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17It isn't Kessie who comes off, but instead Leao, with Krunic introduced.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLL!!! LUKAKU SCORES! The penalty had so much power behind it that it went high to the left-hand corner, with Tatarusanu lunging the wrong way. The ball hit the bar, but bounced in nevertheless. It’s 1-1!,1
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14That miss is Perisic’s last involvement. Martinez comes on in his place.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #21Pioli makes an immediate change. Rebic, capable of playing out wide or up front, will come on and fill in up top. Diaz is the player to make way.,0
IBRAHIMOVIC HAS BEEN SENT OFF! Well, out of nothing, Inter have been given a lifeline. Milan’s goalscorer and the difference-maker in this match so far has received his second booking, having gone in on Kolarov. It appeared very harsh, with Kolarov seemingly clipping his own heels, but it has fooled the referee and now it’s advantage Inter!,3
Milan steal back possession and look to get away on the break, with Leao driving the charge. Brozovic, though, halts the attack in its tracks, and gets a booking for his troubles.,2
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36A change at half-time for Inter, with first-choice right-back Hakimi on in place of Darmian.,0
There’s a real disagreement between Lukaku and Ibrahimovic, who went head-to-head – literally – as Milan prepared to defend a free-kick. The Rossoneri goalscorer has received a booking. ,2
Asst: S. MeïtéGOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! MILAN TAKE THE LEAD! Against the run of play, it’s the Rossoneri who hit the front. Diaz’s free-kick was poor, but Milan kept up the pressure – Meite heading it to Ibrahimovic, who takes a few touches to set himself before arrowing a low finish in off the left-hand upright.,1
Simon KjærMilan · Defender #24Here is the on-loan defender, who gets his first chance in Italy in what is undoubtedly one of the biggest games.,0
A first booking of the game goes to Kjaer, who dived in on Sanchez. The centre-back had to attempt a tackle, or the Inter forward would have been in on goal.,2
RED CARD36'Red card for Anastasios Donis (Reims). The original decision is confirmed by a VAR review.,3
BERNARDESCHI IS SENT OFF! He goes sliding into Barrow with his foot off the ground and he takes out the player. He was going for the ball, but it was a bad challenge and the referee goes straight to his pocket to pull out the red card. Juventus will have to play the last minute with 10 men. ,3
Blaise MatuidiJuventus · Midfielder #14Final roll of the dice for Allegri now as his team chase a winning goal. Matuidi is the player to make way and Kean is on in his place.,0
Asst: J. CuadradoMANDZUKIC EQUALISES FOR JUVENTUS! The cross into the box from Cuadrado looks like it's going out of play but Mandzukic slides towards the byline and squeezes the ball through the keeper's legs, against the far post and into the back of the net from a very tight angle. 1-1!,1
Josip IličićAtalanta · Striker #72Barrow comes on for Atalanta's final change of the game as he replaces the goalscorer Ilicic. ,0
Papu GómezAtalanta · Midfielder #10Second change for Atalanta now as Pasalic comes on in place of Gomez. ,0
Matuidi is shown a yellow card for catching Ilicic with a bad tackle from behind. That also means that he'll miss Juventus' final game of the season. ,2
Robin GosensAtalanta · Midfielder #8Gasperini makes his first change of the game now as Mancini comes on to replace Gosens. ,0
Andrea BarzagliJuventus · Defender #15Barzagli's last home game for Juventus is cut short as Allegri brings him off and replaces him with Mandzukic. ,0
Alex SandroJuventus · Defender #12Allegri has decided to make a substitution at the start of the second half and he's bringing on Bernardeschi in place of Alex Sandro. ,0
onaldo is booked for dissent after the half-time whistle after arguing with the referee for ending the half when Juventus were on the attack. ,2
Asst: A. MasielloILICIC PUTS ATALANTA AHEAD! Masiello squares the ball across the face of goal and Szczesny doesn't react quick enough to get onto it. It goes all the way to Ilicic at the far post without being intercepted and he reacts quickly enough to sidefoot it into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Atalanta!,1
Hateboer is shown a yellow card for a deliberate handball which means that he will miss Atalanta's final game of the season next weekend. ,2
Alex Sandro receives the first yellow card of the game after catching Ilicic with a late challenge. ,2
Zaha is booked for a late foul on Stephens, and he's perhaps lucky to escape without a red after mouthing off to the referee afterwards.,2
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #20Another Palace change, January signing Mateta coming on for the goalscorer Benteke.,0
ouyate is booked for an angry reaction to a challenge from Ward-Prowse. ,2
Danny IngsSouthampton · Striker #9The goal is Ings' last touch of the game. Obafemi comes on to replace him.,0
sst: C. AdamsGOOALL! TWO CHANCES, TWO GOALS FOR INGS! He's had a quiet night but he's a bagged a brace anyway, and Southampton will take that. Adams stretches to collect a pass in a central position 30 yards out, and he slips it through to Ings. It looks as though Guaita might come out and beat him to the ball but he just manages to reach his toe to it and poke it inside the bottom-right corner. Clinical.,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Batshuayi comes on for Ayew as Palace chase the game in the closing stages.,0
Luka MilivojevićCrystal Palace · Midfielder #4Palace make their first change. Milivojevic is off, handing the captain's armband to Dann as he goes. Schlupp enters the fray.,0
estergaard is booked for tripping Zaha when one-on-one at the edge of the area. It's a good foul to give away, as Zaha was past him and through on goal. Great position for a free-kick, though, just to the left of the D.,2
Asst: S. ArmstrongGOOOALL! 2-1 SOUTHAMPTON, ADAMS! Inside 90 seconds of the restart! It's a brilliantly worked corner from the home side. Ward-Prowse fires it to Armstrong at the edge of the area, and he drills it across goal towards the back post. It looks to be going behind for a goal kick but from the tightest of angles, a sliding Adams somehow manages to turn it in.,1
Jan BednarekSouthampton · Defender #35Southampton make a change at the back. Salisu replaces Bednarek.,0
yew is booked for clipping Redmond's heels just outside the area in a central position. Good position for a free-kick.,2
Bednarek gets the first yellow card of the night for a foul from behind on Zaha as he gathered momentum over the halfway line.,2
sst: N. RedmondGOOOALLL! SOUTHAMPTON LEVEL, INGS! It's brilliant from the forward. Redmond fires in a cross from the left and Ings controls it perfectly, knocking it back away from Kouyate and swivelling to slot it into the bottom-right corner with his back to goal. Superb finish.,1
GOOOALLL! 1-0 PALACE, BENTEKE INSIDE TWO MINUTES! Dann nods down a free-kick from the left flank, it comes to Benteke and the home defence just can't get it off him. He brings it down in a crowd of players, turns and smashes it across the keeper, into the bottom-right corner.,1
ojbjerg is booked late on for a foul on Yordanov after he clips the Ludogorets man from behind as he looked to break forward on the counter.,2
Dominik YankovLudogorets · Midfielder #64The other change see Yankov replaced by Mitkov.,0
Stéphane BadjiLudogorets · Midfielder #25Ludogorets make two late substitutions, the first sees Badji replaced by Yordanov.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27The final Spurs change sees Moura head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Scarlett.,0
Dele AlliTottenham · Midfielder #20The second substitution sees Alli come off and he has been replaced by White.,0
Joe HartTottenham · Goalkeeper #12Triple substitution here by Tottenham, the first sees Hart replaced in goal and Whiteman comes on to replace him for his Tottenham debut.,0
Asst: C. VGOOOAAALLL! Moura makes it 4-0! Ludogorets try to play out from the back, but Alli wins it back in the final third and whips a cross into the box, which is controlled by Vinicius and then played it to Moura to his left, who fires the ball into the top right-hand corner of the net.,1
Claudiu KeșerüLudogorets · Striker #28The other Ludogorets change sees Keseru replaced by Dufounou.,0
Anicet AbelLudogorets · Midfielder #12The visitors now make a double substitution, with Anicet coming off and he has been replaced by Souza.,0
Gareth BaleTottenham · Midfielder #9Tottenham with another change now, with Bale replaced by Clarke.,0
Kiril DespodovLudogorets · Midfielder #11Ludogorets make a substitution now, with Despodov the man coming off and he has been replaced by Tekpetey.,0
sst: B. DaviesGOOOAAALLL! Winks makes it 3-0! The midfielder has plenty of time and space just inside the Ludogorets half and he launches an ambitious attempt at goal, which catches the keeper off guard and the ball flies straight into the top right-hand corner of the net. What a goal!,1
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Here is the first Tottenham substitution of the game, with Ndombele the man coming off and he has been replaced by Hojbjerg.,0
Ndombele is the first Tottenham player to be booked, after his foul on Nedyalkov inside the Ludogorets half of the pitch.,2
Despodov is booked after he goes up for a header with Davies and his swinging arm catches the Tottenham left-back.,2
Asst: D. AlliGOOOAAALLL! Vinicius with his second goal to put Tottenham 2-0 ahead! Superb run by Ndombele in midfield, he races past a couple of Ludogorets players and then fires a low effort at goal from the edge of the box, which forces Iliev into an excellent save. The keeper pushes it out wide, but Alli pounces and squares it to Vinicius who has a tap-in from close range.,1
GOOOAAALLL! Vinicius fires Tottenham into the lead, it’s 1-0! His first Spurs goal and it’s a lovely finish. Alli turns nicely in midfield and has plenty of time and space, he tries to play the ball through the Ludogorets defence, it takes a deflection and lands straight at the feet of Vinicius who then only has the keeper to beat and he coolly slides it into the back of the net.,1
Keseru is shown a yellow card for his handball, but it does seem a little harsh as the striker turned and jumped, with the ball striking the back of his arm.,2
David RaumRB Leipzig · Defender #22Lukeba is also introduced late in stoppage time, with Raum the man to make way.,0
Benjamin ŠeškoRB Leipzig · Striker #30Leipzig send Baumgartner on for Sesko immediately after going behind.,0
sst: E. Choupo-MotingBAYERN TAKE THE LEAD IN INJURY TIME! 2-1! Dier’s long pass over the top gets Choupo-Moting on the ball inside the penalty area and instead of taking it down with a touch, the substitute lifts a pass over the outstretched leg of the defender for Kane. As clinical as ever, the forward steps up and whacks a powerful volley with his left foot that blazes past Blaswich!,1
Xavi SimonsRB Leipzig · Midfielder #20Rose looks to add some fresh legs into his midfield and replaces Simons with Elmas, a January signing from Napoli.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Choupo-Moting comes on to replace a tiring Musiala with just six minutes to go.,0
Aleksandar PavlovićBayern · Midfielder #45Looking to switch things up in the final 10 minutes, Kim is sent on for Pavlovic, which should mean a reshuffle of the Bayern formation.,0
imakan is late to get to Musiala, missing the ball and pushing the forward over on the left wing as a result. It’s a yellow card for the centre-back, while Bayern Munich are given a free-kick.,2
Amadou HaidaraRB Leipzig · Midfielder #8Kampl is introduced at the same time, with Haidara withdrawn after 74 minutes.,0
Loïs OpendaRB Leipzig · Striker #17Rose doesn't appear to be satisfied with a draw as he makes a change at striker, with Poulsen replacing Openda.,0
Asst: D. OlmoSESKO PULLS IT LEVEL! 1-1! Orban is allowed to get to the edge of the penalty area in possession, dragging a defender towards him before slipping a pass through the lines for Olmo. The winger shapes to shoot but instead plays an unselfish pass square to Sesko, who uses the side of his foot to guide his shot past Neuer - with a deflection from Goretzka sealing the finish!,1
The referee is forced to produce two yellow cards in two minutes, with Schlager called for catching Tel’s ankle with his studs during an attempted tackle inside the centre-circle. The Leipzig midfielder is the fifth player to be booked today, and the third this half.,2
For the second time in the match, Olmo is tugged back by a Bayern Munich player in order to prevent a counter-attack. This time, it’s Musiala who has attracted the attention of the referee, with the Germany international shown a yellow card.,2
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Laimer gets his opportunity to play against his former club, with Muller recalled to the bench.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Bayern Munich's first substitution of the game sees Tel replace Sane on the right wing.,0
e Ligt lifts his leg to try and volley away a bouncing ball, but he's beaten to it by Openda, who receives a painful kick as a result. It's a free-kick for Leipzig just inside Bayern's half, while the centre-back is shown a yellow card.,2
sst: J. MusialaBAYERN BREAK THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Musiala receives a square pass from Guerreiro on the flank and manages to turn between Haidara and Schlager before playing an incisive ball for Kane. The striker takes a touch to set himself before dispatching in typical clinical fashion, finding the far corner with a low, powerful hit!,1
rban sticks out his leg inside the centre-circle and catches Kane, preventing him from turning and sending him down to the turf. It's a yellow card for the Leipzig captain with four minutes left to go in the half.,2
Looking to stop Olmo from progressing into Bayern’s half with the ball, Pavlovic reaches out and holds the winger with two hands, pulling him back cynically. It’s a yellow card for the midfielder, who is shown the first booking of the game.,2
Cédric SoaresArsenal · Defender #17Cedric is brought off by Mikel Arteta, and Sead Kolasinac replaces him in what will likely be Arsenal's last throw of the dice.,0
sst: R. YatesGOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! Forest take the lead!!! Arsenal are dispossessed again, and the cross from Yates finds Grabban steaming into the box. The striker stretches to get a touch, and toes the ball home to make it 1-0 to the home side! What a finish!,1
ierney looks to cut inside, but is caught late by Spence and the Forest right-back is given a yellow card.,2
Philip ZinckernagelNottm Forest · Midfielder #11Zinckernagel is the next to be withdrawn for Forest, and on comes Cafu to replace him in midfield.,0
Spence races forward and looks to advance towards Arsenal's box as he glides through challenges, but he's scythed down from behind by Martinelli, who is rightfully booked.,2
Charlie PatinoArsenal · Midfielder #87Patino comes off for Arsenal, and is replaced by Alexandre Lacazette.,0
Keinan DavisNottm Forest · Striker #9Davis has impressed up front for the hosts, and he's replaced by another good lone frontman in Lewis Grabban.,0
Saka looks to get away from Zinckernagel after releasing Lokonga, and is promptly brought down off the ball by the Forest midfielder, who is booked.,2
Nuno TavaresArsenal · Defender #20Tavares is withdrawn for Arsenal, either through injury or a tactical decision, and Kieran Tierney is introduced for Arsenal.,0
Óliver TorresSevilla · Midfielder #21The 10th and final change of the game sees Escudero come on for Torres.,0
Sergio ReguilónSevilla · Defender #23Lopetegui is also making full use of his five subs as Vazquez takes over from Reguilon.,0
Àlex MorenoReal Betis · Defender #15A final roll of the dice for Betis now as Pedraza comes on for Moreno. ,0
Munir El HaddadiSevilla · Striker #11The injured Munir is replaced by Suso. Lopetegui still has two substitutions available should he wish to use them.,0
Luuk de JongSevilla · Striker #19De Jong is off and En-Nesyri on as Lopetegui makes a double change with 20 minutes to go.,0
Lucas OcamposSevilla · Striker #5Lopetegui turns to his bench for the first time today as the impressive Ocampos makes way for Banega.,0
Borja IglesiasReal Betis · Striker #9The visitors' fourth substitution sees Borja replaced by Moron up top.,0
Carles AleñáReal Betis · Midfielder #24Rodriguez replaces Alena in a like-for-like central-midfield change.,0
Asst: L. OcamposGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! SEVILLA 2-0 BETIS!!! Ocampos produces a skilful flick at the front post to help on a corner and Fernando gets between two Betis players to guide in a second Sevilla goal with his head. Terrible defending, yet again!,1
Cristian TelloReal Betis · Striker #11With just over an hour played, Lainez is on for Tello as Rubi makes his second change of the contest.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! SEVILLA 1-0 REAL BETIS!! Ocampos sends the ball to the right and Robles dives to the left. As cool as you like from the Sevilla winger, and a deserved lead for the hosts.,1
arta is booked for bundling into the back of De Jong. Further punishment could follow from the penalty...,2
Emerson slides in on Munir and is shown the game's first yellow card.,2
SidneiReal Betis · Defender #12Betis make a half-time change, with Feddal replacing Sidnei at the back.,0
Palmer was taken off earlier in the second half, but he comes back onto the pitch to join in the celebrations. He's booked for it, but he won't care in the least!,2
Asst: E. SimmsWRIGHT HAS WON IT FOR COVENTRY! Absolutely incredible! O'Hare is forced wide by Kilman, but he brilliantly turns to pull it back into the box. Santiago Bueno is static, and doesn't realise that Simms is behind him. The forward darts in front of him and helps it onto Wright, who curls a delightful shot past Sa and into the far bottom corner. 3-2 Coventry!,1
sst: B. ThomasSIMMS EQUALISES! The visitors were pushing Wolves deeper into their own half before it's switched out to Wright on the left, and he clips a great ball into the near post. Thomas flicks it on at the near post, and Simms is unmarked in the six-yard box as he nods it past Sa from close range. 2-2!,1
Joel LatibeaudiereCoventry · Defender #22And Latibeaudiere also makes way, with Tavares on in his place.,0
Josh EcclesCoventry · Midfielder #28Robins is making a double change to shake things up in search of that equaliser. Eccles is taken off, with Torp on for him.,0
Asst: R. Aït-NouriHUGO BUENO SCORES! Wolves have turned this game on its head! Van Ewijk sells himself as he slides in but fails to block the pass into Ait-Nouri, who then leaves Thomas behind too with a clever drop of the shoulder. He has four players to his right in support, and he knocks it into Bueno, who keeps his composure to slot it past Collins and net his first senior goal. 2-1 Wolves!,1
IT-NOURI EQUALISES! Sarabia plays a lovely reverse pass down the right to Gomes, and his cross just isn't dealt with by Latibeaudiere. It bounces off the right-back and falls straight to Ait-Nouri, who makes no mistake as he slots it past Collins and into the back of the net. 1-1!,1
It's a frustrated tackle by Sarabia on O'Hare, and it earns him a yellow card that would see him miss the semi-final if Wolves get to it.,2
Tommy DoyleWolves · Midfielder #20There's another change for Wolves now, and it's Hugo Bueno that's being brought on for Doyle.,0
Kasey PalmerCoventry · Midfielder #45Coventry are making their first change now, and it's Palmer, who arguably should've been on the scoresheet today, that's going off for O'Hare.,0
Toti GomesWolves · Defender #24There's also a change at the back, as Doherty comes on for Toti.,0
Nathan FraserWolves · Striker #63O'Neil is making a double change in reaction to that Coventry goal. With so many injuries, he turns to a youngster, as 18-year-old Chiwome comes on for his debut to replace Fraser, who has managed just one off-target shot in this game.,0
sst: J. LatibeaudiereSIMMS SCORES! Coventry have the lead! It's a wonderful delivery from Palmer on the free-kick as he curls it to the back post and Kitching nods it back across goal. Latibeaudiere gets his leg up, but can't direct it on target, but Simms is behind him to walk it into the net from close range. There is a VAR check for handball though...,1
t was there to be won, but Ait-Nouri was a little late sliding in on Van Ewijk, and he picks up an early booking.,2
Kenny TeteFulham · Defender #2Parker makes a change at the back as Robinson replaces Tete.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Midfielder #14Cordova-Reid's night is over and on comes Cavaleiro.,0
Robbie BradyBurnley · Midfielder #12Here's something you do not see every day. Brady, who came on as a sub in the first half, has now been replaced by Brownhill.,0
Mario LeminaFulham · Midfielder #18Parker makes a change in midfield as Anguissa replaces Lemina.,0
Asst: J. RodriguezGOAAAALLLL!!! BURNLEY 1-1 FULHAM - Burnley fire back at the earliest opportunity and it is Barnes that draws them level. Fulham allowed Rodriguez to sneak down the right wing and he played a beautiful ball across the face of goal. Fulham's defence were outnumbered and Barnes, even after a poor touch, was able to slot the ball past Areola who left too much of a gap at his far post.,1
Asst: J. AndersenGOAAAALLL!!!! BURNLEY 0-1 FULHAM - The visitors open the scoring from a corner and Aina will claim it, despite knowing very little about the goal. Andersen's flick at the near post hit Aina in the chest, and it seemed to confuse everyone in the Burnley defence. The ball was allowed to bounce towards goal and Brady's clearance went the wrong way and into the back of the net. Pope had no chance, and Burnley seemed too bothered about claiming for a handball, but the pass hit Aina in the chest before going towards goal.,1
Brady is booked and rightly so after a poor challenge on Reed. The winger lost control of the ball and tried to win it back, before clipping Reed above his ankle.,2
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Gudmundsson's night is over, he has already walked down the tunnel, and Brady comes on to replace him.,0
Loftus-Cheek is the first player to be booked after catching Taylor with a flying tackle. Taylor looked in some pain, but he seems fine to carry on without any treatment.,2
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33Bakayoko replaces Krunic in midfield for Milan, with the latter having got through plenty of hard work in Bennacer's absence.,0
Dany MotaMonza · Midfielder #47Palladino's final roll of the dice sees Valoti introduced for Mota.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17A frustrating shift for Leao comes to an end - on another day he could have had a hat-trick - as Rebic is thrown on for the closing stages.,0
Marlon SantosMonza · Defender #4An attacking switch indicates Palladino's desire to salvage something from this game, as a centre-forward Gytkjaer comes on for a defender, Marlon.,0
Nicolò RovellaMonza · Midfielder #6Monza make two further changes, with time ticking away. First, Rovella is replaced by Sensi in central midfield.,0
The bookings count climbs higher during a niggly second half, as Thiaw sees yellow for a foul on Mota.,2
Divock OrigiMilan · Striker #27Origi's fruitless shift up front comes to an end; Giroud is introduced in his place.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30Finally, a change on the right flanks sees goalscorer Messias make way for Saelemaekers.,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Pioli decides fresh legs are needed to see this result over the line. The first substitution of a triple change sees Diaz replaced by De Ketelaere.,0
or leaving a little extra on Hernandez in a challenge by the touchline, Machin is shown a yellow card only minutes after coming on.,2
fter seeing his own shot blocked, Rovella has to chase back and recover the ball. Diaz is escaping quickly on the counter, though, so a pull on the Milan man's jersey results in a booking.,2
Samuele BirindelliMonza · Midfielder #19Carboni also comes on; in his case for Birindelli, who has just been booked.,0
Andrea PetagnaMonza · Striker #37Palladino blinks first, and introduces two substitutes on the hour mark. First, Petagna makes way for Machin.,0
Birindelli hits the deck in the box under challenge from Hernandez, but rather being awarded a penalty, the referee judges he dived. He receives a booking for simulation.,2
The referee doesn't hesitate to reach for his pocket, as Krunic crudely hacks down Pessina in midfield and receives a yellow card.,2
MILAN LEAD 1-0! It's been coming! With the ball bobbling around just inside Monza's area, nobody seems to be able to take control of the situation. Messias takes decisive action, though, as the Brazilian winger takes a touch to control it with his studs before swivelling and striking at goal: it finds the bottom corner via Di Gregorio's glove, and Milan go in front!,1
 reckless lunge from behind on Leao earns Marlon the game's first yellow card. That was a clear booking.,2
epay is shown a late caution after scything Nacho down with an ugly and late sliding challenge inside the Madrid half.,2
Asst: M. DepayGOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! ATLETICO EQUALISE IN THE FINAL MINUTES! The visitors race over to the corner in celebration after a last-gasp leveller to make it 1-1 in Madrid. Savic is offered far too much room to progress forward before his hopeful cross is headed in the air by Depay. The ball loops upwards before Llorente, with the run on Nacho, rises the highest to nod past Lunin. The Madrid goalkeeper has no chance as the effort crashes in off the underside of his crossbar.,1
Jude BellinghamReal Madrid · Midfielder #5Bellingham’s game is over as Ancelotti sends on Ceballos for the final minutes in Madrid.,0
Barrios is the next Atletico player to be shown a yellow card after clipping the ankles of a marauding Modric.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Ancelotti opts to freshen things up in midfield. The experienced Modric comes on for Rodrygo, who dragged the Atletico defence all over the place in this derby-day clash.,0
Brahim DíazReal Madrid · Striker #21That chance will be Diaz's last involvement as he makes way for Joselu. The Madrid forward's 20th-minute finish is still the difference here.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Simeone rolls the dice once more, introducing forward Correa for Koke. Atletico are rapidly running out of time to find an equaliser.,0
Rodrigo De PaulAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5As the final part of a triple change, young midfielder Barrios also comes on for World Cup winner De Paul.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Morata has offered little and his game is over. Atletico bring on Depay up top, replacing the Spain striker.,0
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Simeone makes a triple change, the first of which sees Lino introduced for Saul. This will likely signal a change of formation for the visitors.,0
Rodrigo RiquelmeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #17Simeone wastes no time at the interval, sending on Molina for Riquelme.,0
A second Atletico caution comes in a matter of minutes as Hermoso foolishly drags back on Valverde. That cynical foul was always going to bring a yellow card.,2
aul slices Camavinga down with a sliding tackle, earning the game's first yellow card. The Atletico midfielder pleads his innocence but the referee is not interested.,2
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-O TO LOS BLANCOS! Atletico are furious in their appeals for offside, but those claims fall on deaf ears as the hosts open the scoring. Diaz attempts to slide a pass through for Bellingham before a deflection finds Vazquez, whose square cross is prodded away by Koke. However, the loose ball falls into the path of Diaz, who takes a few touches inside the Atletico area before prodding a right-footed finish past Oblak! The VAR checks Vazquez's position in the build-up phase before confirming the goal can stand.,1
Correa goes in late and over the top of the ball on Sastre and, as a result, is shown a yellow card.,2
João FélixAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Simeone makes his final change of the match with Llorente coming on in place of Joao Felix. It remains 2-0 with just over five minutes of normal time remaining.  ,0
ED CARD! Rather incredibly, Morata, who has only been on the field for eight minutes, is shown a second yellow card for dissent after exchanging words with Sevilla just moments after the initial booking.,3
he referee is forced to intervene after Morata and Campos come together in a heated exchange. The Mallorca captain is shown a yellow card for his role in the altercation.  ,2
Diego CostaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Simeone opts to bring on Morata with just over 20 minutes left. Costa is the man who makes way.  ,0
Iddrisu BabaMallorca · Midfielder #12Moreno responds to going two goals behind by making a double change. Prats comes on to replace Baba.,0
Ante BudimirMallorca · Striker #22The hosts make their second substitution of the game as Budimir is replaced by Moreno.,0
OAL! The visitors double their lead! Following the free-kick from the right, Mallorca once again fail to clear their lines and Joao Felix’s ambitious left-footed effort on the turn from the centre of the box takes a huge deflection before looping into the bottom left corner. 2-0.,1
Lago JuniorMallorca · Midfielder #11The hosts make their first change of the match as Junior makes way for Trajkovski. There are less than 30 minutes of normal time left to play.,0
VitoloAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #20Atletico make their first substitution of the game as Correa comes on to replace Vitolo. It remains 1-0.  ,0
Felipe is the latest player to go into the book after cynically bringing down Budimir from behind on the halfway line. He can have no complaints with that one.,2
Asst: KokeGOAL! Atletico take the lead! Mallorca only clear Koke’s initial corner back to the Spaniard, and the midfielder is able to send the ball back into the area. Costa rises higher than everybody else on the penalty spot and powers a header into the bottom right corner. 1-0.  ,1
Savic is the latest player to receive a yellow card after catching Budimir with an elbow during an aerial dual a few yards outside of the Atletico box. The hosts have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Mallorca pick up their second yellow card in just a few minutes as Budimir goes into the book for cynically bringing down Felipe in Atletico’s defensive third.,2
Baba picks up the first yellow card of the match after catching Saul with a late tackle down the right wing.,2
Milot RashicaWerder · Striker #7Rashica’s race is run. He has been replaced by Bartels.,0
Christoph KramerMönchengladbach · Midfielder #6Benes has also come on for the visitors, with Kramer making way.,0
Josh SargentWerder · Striker #19That missed opportunity is Sargent’s final involvement. He is being replaced by Selke.,0
Tony JantschkeMönchengladbach · Defender #24The second switch sees Jantschke make way for Bensebaini, suggesting a switch in shape.,0
Lars StindlMönchengladbach · Midfielder #13There will be a double change for Gladbach. First, Stindl – who has struggled to get involved today – makes way for Hofmann.,0
Yuya OsakoWerder · Striker #8A first change from Bremen. Bittencourt, the match winner against Freiburg, is on in place of Osako.,0
Jantschke becomes the first Gladbach player to receive a card, having fouled Sargent to prevent a counter-attack.,2
Another booking for Bremen. This time it is Veljkovic who is penalised for pulling on Thuram's shirt.,2
Lainer is caught out by Moraes' run and brings him down to earn himself a yellow card.,2
Marcus ThuramMönchengladbach · Midfielder #10Last change for Gladbach now and it's Traore that's coming on for Thuram.,0
Alan PatrickShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #21Final roll of the dice for Shakhtar now, with Maycon replacing Patrick.,0
Lars StindlMönchengladbach · Midfielder #13Another change for Gladbach now and it's Stindl that's making way for Benes.,0
WENDT SCORES! Gladbach won a free-kick on the right and he steps up to take it. He floats a brilliant cross into the box but no one in the box gets a touch on it and it sneaks in at the far post. 4-0 Gladbach! ,1
MarlosShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #11Shakhtar are also making another change and it's Antonio coming on for Bonfim.,0
Florian NeuhausMönchengladbach · Midfielder #32Neuhaus is also being taken off, with Zakaria on for him.,0
Breel EmboloMönchengladbach · Striker #36And Embolo also makes way, with Plea on in his place.,0
Valentino LazaroMönchengladbach · Midfielder #19There's a triple change for Gladbach now and Lazaro is the first player to make way, with Herrmann replacing him.,0
Manor SolomonShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #19Shakhtar are making the first change of the game now and it's Solomon that's making way for Fernando.,0
Lazaro is booked after he loses the ball to Matvyenko and kicks his shin to try and win it back.,2
WHAT A GOAL! It comes from the free-kick Stepanenko gave away and Shakhtar don't deal with the cross into the box. It's headed into him at the near post and he sends his close-range overhead kick over Pyatov and into the back of the net. 3-0 Gladbach! ,1
tepanenko picks up the first yellow card of the game after he steps across Lazaro to cut off his run.,2
Asst: L. StindlELVEDI SCORES! Nobody picks up his run to the near post and he rises above everyone else to head his effort across goal and into the far side of the net. 2-0 Gladbach! ,1
Penalty GoalGLADBACH LEAD! It's the captain Stindl that steps up to take the penalty and he confidently slots his shot into the bottom-right corner, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way, to put his side ahead. 1-0 Gladbach! ,1
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Midfielder #15Another Villa change sees former Chelsea man Traore make way for Keinan Davis.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Midfielder #21Villa turn to the bench with Jacob Ramsey replacing El Ghazi.,0
ante catches McGinn with a late challenge and is shown a yellow card.,2
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Kai Havertz is also introduced for Chelsea with Jorginho making way.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18That was Giroud's last action of the game. He goes off to be replaced by Timo Werner.,0
El Ghazi also goes into the book for his part in the altercation.,2
After getting into a tussle with El Ghazi, Giroud has his name taken by the referee.,2
Asst: M. CashEL GHAZI!!! 1-1! Villa are level! Although, Chelsea will feel aggrieved after having a man down injured. The visitors play on and El Ghazi ghosts in at the far post to meet Cash's deep cross, before slotting his volley through the legs of Mendy.,1
Azpilicueta is the first player to have his name taken by the referee today.,2
Asst: B. ChilwellGIROUD!!! 1-0 CHELSEA! What a lovely goal by the hosts! The Frenchman neatly links up with Pulisic, who releases Chilwell on the left, and the striker is in the right place to head home the England international's cross at the near post.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLL! Kramaric smashes home the penalty to make it 4-1 to the hosts! What a win against the champions!,1
Asst: I. BebouGOALLL! IT'S THREE! Kramaric finds himself alone in the box, takes one touch to control the ball before volleying home past Neuer! Surely that's the winner!,1
sst: T. MüllerGOALLL! Kimmich curls a brilliant effort into the top right corner and in off the underside of the crossbar. The champions have pulled a goal back before half-time.,1
Baumgartner is booked after catching Tolisso late with his studs.,2
GOALLL!!! IT'S TWO! Pavard makes an error and Dabbur pounces, runs through on goal and chips Neuer!,1
sst: D. GeigerGOALLL! BICAKCIC HEADS IN! A brilliant delivery is flicked on by Bicakcic and Davies can't head the ball clear as it flies into the net!,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!75'Mallorca3 - 1MirandésAntonio Jesús Camacho DíazMirandés,1
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Late City substitution now, with Bernardo heading off to a standing ovation and he has been replaced by Palmer.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17Another City change now and it's De Bruyne who comes off and he passes the captain's armband to Fernandinho who replaces him.,0
Chris WoodBurnley · Striker #9Final Burnley change now, with Wood replaced by Rodriguez up front.,0
Aymeric LaporteMan City · Defender #14City have also made a change and it's a straight swap at centre-back, with Laporte replaced by Dias.,0
Jack CorkBurnley · Midfielder #4Burnley make their second substitution of the game, with Cork heading off and he has been replaced by Gudmunds­son.,0
GOAL! City finally double their lead, De Bruyne makes it 2-0! They break quickly up the pitch and De Bruyne tries to find Mahrez in the box, but Westwood gets in the way and the Burnley midfielder can only play the ball straight back into the path of De Bruyne. The Belgian picks it up and drills it into the back of the net, giving Pope no chance of stopping it.,1
Maxwel CornetBurnley · Striker #20Burnley have made their first change of the game, with Cornet the man coming off and he has been replaced by Barnes.,0
It's just a yellow card for Laporte, after his poor challenge on McNeil, who should be fine to continue after treatment.,2
GOAL! City take the lead, Bernardo fires them ahead after 12 minutes, it’s 1-0! Bernardo starts the move, playing the ball into the feet of Foden, who drills a low strike towards the bottom right corner of the net. However, Pope does brilliantly to get down quickly and make the save, but the rebound is followed in by Bernardo and he gets to it first, firing it into the back of the net from close range.,1
Àlex MorenoReal Betis · Defender #15Tello comes on for Moreno down the left flank.,0
Lorenzo Jesús Morón GarcíaReal Betis · Striker #16Loren is withdrawn for Iglesias in the final third for the visitors.,0
eddal gets involved in a war of words with Costa and the referee from the sideline in the cooling break and goes into the book.,2
Asst: Y. Ferreira CarrascoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! COSTA HEADS HOME FOR ATLETICO!!!! 1-0!!! Finally the home side have the breakthrough as Costa guides his header home from 10 yards out. Carrasco puts his free-kick on the money, curling his delivery into a dangerous area. Costa gets behind Bartra and plants his header away from Martin into the bottom-right corner. A precise header from the forward.,1
William CarvalhoReal Betis · Midfielder #14Carvalho is withdrawn for Joaquin as Betis put attacking options on the pitch.,0
Antonio BarragánReal Betis · Defender #19Emerson is on down the right to replace Barragan.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Correa is withdrawn so Felipe can shore up the Atletico back four.,0
RED CARD59'Red card for Mario Hermoso (Atlético Madrid). The original decision is confirmed by a VAR review.,3
RED! Hermoso is given a straight red card for a lunge on Loren. It's from behind and cynical, but there was not a violent intent from the defender. ,3
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #8Saul is withdrawn by Simeone for Vitolo in the final third.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Costa comes on for Morata to spearhead the line.,0
Barragan gives away a free-kick for a poor challenge on Llorente. He is booked for catching the forward on the foot.,2
Andrés GuardadoReal Betis · Midfielder #18Guardado has to make way as well in the closing stages of the first half. Pedraza replaces him on the left flank.,0
Kieran TrippierAtlético Madrid · Defender #23Arias replaces Trippier for the home side at right-back.,0
Bremer wrestles Kean to the floor to stop the youngster from spinning away from him. The referee shows the Torino defender a yellow.,2
Lorenzo De SilvestriTorino · Midfielder #29Mazzarri makes his third and final change of the contest by bringing on Zaza for De Silvestri. Allegri still has one sub available to use should he wish.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #33Bernardeschi is off and De Sciglio on for the closing stages. Juve look fired up now but time is not on their side.,0
sst: L. SpinazzolaGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! JUVENTUS 1-1 TORINO! So close, yet so far for Torino! It looks as though the visitors' long wait for an away victory in this fixture will go on as Ronaldo gets between two opposition defenders and powers a trademark header past Sirigu from the edge of the six-yard box.,1
Bernardeschi takes out Baselli and earns a yellow card that will rule him out of Juve's next match.,2
Saša LukićTorino · Midfielder #7Torino's goalscorer Lukic is replaced by Aina with a little over 10 minutes to go.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #16There are some jeers around the Allianz Stadium as Cuadrado, who has had a bad day at the office, is replaced by Pereira.,0
Bonucci catches Belotti right on the edge of the box. The experienced defender is cautioned and a bigger punishment could follow if Torino convert the free-kick.,2
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroTorino · Striker #21Berenguer had a good first half but has dropped off over the last 20 minutes. Baselli is brought on in his place in the game's first change.,0
ukic tries to hold off Cancelo and catches his opponent in the face with his hand. There was absolutely no intention to do so, making the referee's decision to book him very harsh.,2
Rincon stamps on Spinazzola's foot and leaves his opponent on the ground in some pain. The referee does well to allow play to continue before showing the Torino ace a yellow card 30 seconds later.,2
Matuidi catches Berenguer and is rightly shown the game's first yellow card.,2
OOOOOAAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 0-1 TORINO! The visitors take the lead thanks to an horrendous mistake from their opponents. Pjanic lets a simple throw back to him roll across his body and Lukic is waiting to pounce behind him. The midfielder keeps his composure in front of goal by picking out the far corner with the inside of his foot.,1
Asst: D. UpamecanoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! COMAN HAMMERS HOME A FOURTH!!!!! 4-0 BAYERN!!!! Coman gets himself on the scoresheet with a simple effort from close range.Upamecano knocks a long ball over the top that Raum fails to intercept on the stretch. Coman has time and space to pick his spot and he beats Baumann with a strike into the right corner. All too easy for Bayern.,1
Dennis GeigerHoffenheim · Midfielder #8Geiger is withdrawn by the visitors and is replaced by Stiller for the closing stages.,0
Ihlas BebouHoffenheim · Midfielder #9Adamyan makes his way on to the field to replace Bebou.,0
Asst: D. UpamecanoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHOUPO-MOTING MAKES IT THREE!!! 3-0 BAYERN!!!! The forward scores on this occasion as he guides a low strike past Baumann at his near post into the bottom-right corner. Upamecano feeds the run of Choupo-Moting and he sweeps his effort into the net, displaying great composure.,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7Sane comes on for Gnabry on the flank after a goalscoring performance from the winger.,0
Marcel SabitzerBayern · Midfielder #18Tolisso replaces Sabitzer in the Bayern midfield for the final 14 mintues.,0
Raum wipes out Choupo-Moting on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Coman replaces Musiala on the left flank for Bayern for the final 20 minutes.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Choupo-Moting replaces Muller in the final third for the home side.,0
After being on the field for only two minutes Rudy is booked. He catches Upamecano on the ankle with a late challenge.,2
Jacob Bruun LarsenHoffenheim · Midfielder #7Brunn Larsen is withdrawn in the final third for the visitors and is replaced by Skov.,0
Diadie SamassekouHoffenheim · Midfielder #18Rudy enters the action to replace Samassekou in the middle of the park for Hoffenheim.,0
Lucas HernándezBayern · Defender #21Sule enters the action at the break to replace Hernandez, who may have been struggling with a head injury.,0
sst: T. MüllerWHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES A STUNNER!!!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!!!! Bayern extend their lead courtesy of a super strike from Lewandowski. Muller chases down a long ball over the top and outbattles Richards. He flicks the ball to Lewandowski, who still has plenty of work to do from 25 yards. However, he rifles a strike on his right foot into the top-right corner beating the outstretched hand of Baumann. A super goal.,1
Kevin AkpogumaHoffenheim · Midfielder #25Akpoguma is forced off with his ailment and is replaced by Rutter.,0
sst: J. MusialaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! GNABRY FIRES BAYERN AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Bayern winger fires a low strike past Baumann and this time it counts. The home side move the ball with pace on the edge of the box as Muller and Musiala combine before the latter releases Gnabry. He takes a good touch in the right-inside channel before hammering his effort into the bottom-left corner.,1
Samassekou slides in hard and late on Muller in the middle of the park and goes into the book.,2
ellerin is shown a yellow card for a heavy tackle on Jesus to stop a counter.  ,2
Mohamed ElnenyArsenal · Midfielder #25Elneny is replaced in midfield by the more attacking Ceballos. ,0
Rob HoldingArsenal · Defender #16Holding is replaced by Luiz in defence.,0
Nicolas PépéArsenal · Midfielder #19Pepe is also replaced by Smith Rowe, after a quiet second half for the hosts.   ,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #11Odegaard makes way for the more attacking Lacazette.,0
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17De Bruyne departs with Jesus taking his place, to offer City more of a focal point up top.,0
Xhaka quickly joins Silva in the book, after receiving a yellow card for a late challenge on Sterling near the halfway line.     ,2
Silva cynically trips Saka to prevent a break and he's shown a yellow card.  ,2
sst: R. MahrezSTERLING! 1-0! City's early pressure pays off as Mahrez scoops in a deft cross, inviting the unmarked Sterling to steer an accurate header across Leno and into the top corner!,1
ickford is shown the yellow card for wasting time before taking the free-kick.,2
Lucas DigneEverton · Defender #12Everton make their third and final change as Digne is replaced by Mina.,0
uffy is shown a yellow card for a dangerous challenge on Richarlison.,2
alvert-Lewin is shown a yellow card for using his arm to nudge the ball across the line.,2
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Everton now make their second switch as Coleman enters the fray in place of Walcott.,0
Dale StephensBrighton · Midfielder #6Brighton are now making their third and final change as Stephens is replaced by Murray.,0
BernardEverton · Midfielder #20Everton make their first change of the match as the lively Bernard is replaced by Delph.,0
Alireza JahanbakhshBrighton · Striker #16Brighton's second change sees Jahanbakhsh replaced by Alzate.,0
Martín MontoyaBrighton · Midfielder #22Brighton are making a double change, with Montoya replacing Gross in the first switch.,0
sst: L. DigneGOOOAL! Richarlison makes it 1-0 to Everton! Digne squares the ball towards Richarlison near the penalty spot, and he then gets there ahead of Duffy before taking it away from the reach of Webster, and the striker then curls a fine effort into the bottom right-hand corner.,1
sst: G. DeulofeuGOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! Game. Set. Match!!!! Udinese are heading to the Serie A summit as they put the gloss on this famous victory!!! They break down the right again and Deulofeu crosses after playing a one-two with Samardzic, and Arslan is at the back post to smash a diving header into the roof of the net, and it's 3-1 with no way back for Inter!,1
Asst: G. DeulofeuGOOOOAAAALLLL!!! That may well win it!!! Deulofeu's corner is met by Bijol racing towards the near post, who fires a powerful header over the crowd of players in the box and nestles the ball in the far corner!!! What a header, and what a way to potentially win this match!,1
Destiny UdogieUdinese · Midfielder #13The booked Udogie is also withdrawn for the hosts, with Enzo Ebosse replacing him.,0
Sandi LovricUdinese · Midfielder #4Lovric has been exceptional in the middle for the hosts, but comes off now for Tolgay Arslan.,0
Francesco AcerbiInter · Defender #15Inter make another defensive switch as Acerbi comes off, replaced on his first league start for the Nerazzuri by Stefan de Vrij.,0
Roberto PereyraUdinese · Midfielder #37Ude captain Pereyra also comes off, with Nigeria international Kingsley Ehizibue replacing him.,0
BetoUdinese · Striker #9Beto couldn't add to his four goals in this game, and Isaac Success will take his place in attack for the hosts.,0
Edin DžekoInter · Striker #9Dzeko comes off in Inter's latest change, with Joaquin Correa coming on to replace him up front.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Darmian is also brought off, and he's replaced out wide by Danilo D'Ambrosio.,0
Jean-Victor MakengoUdinese · Midfielder #6Makengo comes off in Udinese's first change, and Lazar Samardzic will replace him in midfield.,0
Brozovic slides in recklessly on Walace but catches only the player, and the Serb is booked by the referee as a result.,2
Gagliardini and Becao both contest a 50-50 ball, but the Inter midfielder comes off worse, with Becao getting none of the ball and picking up a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Dzeko's flick on for Dumfries comes to nothing after Udogie catches the Inter wing-back off the ball, and the on-loan Tottenham player is booked for the home side.,2
Darmian swings his boot to clear a bouncing ball, but catches an onrushing Becao high, sending him to the floor and receiving a yellow card from the referee.,2
Pereyra's heavy touch to get past two allows Dimarco to clear for Inter, but Pereyra follows through on him and smashes into the Inter substitute, and the Ude captain is booked as a result.,2
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Inter's other yellow-carded player is also brought off, with Bastoni, who was so close to scoring just moments ago, withdrawn for Federico Dimarco.,0
Henrikh MkhitaryanInter · Midfielder #22Simone Inzaghi clearly isn't happy with what he's seeing so far, and the Inter boss makes a double substitution, bringing off Mkhitaryan first for Roberto Gagliardini.,0
Pereyra surges down the right before cutting inside, and he glides past Mkhitaryan before being taken to ground by the Armenian, who picks up his side's second yellow card of the match.,2
Bastoni loses out to Beto and Pereyra races forward with it, but he's clipped by the Inter defender and Bastoni picks up the first yellow card of the match.,2
GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! Thunderbolt!!! Barella steps up to take the free-kick, and calmly curls it straight over the wall and beyond Silvestri into the top corner!!! No way Silvestri was stopping that, with that peach of a free-kick giving Inter an early 1-0 lead!,1
Ivan PerišićInter · Midfielder #14Perisic has put in another industrious showing today, but now makes way for Dimarco for the closing moments.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2D'Ambrosio replaces the goalscorer, Dumfries, who receives some warm applause from the Inter faithful.,0
Arturo VidalInter · Midfielder #22Vidal is given a rest for the final few minutes; Sensi is on in midfield for the Nerazzurri.,0
Josip BrekaloTorino · Midfielder #14Having just failed to find the final ball today, Brekalo is now substituted and Leicester City loanee Praet comes on. Juric is clearly not afraid to mix things up here!,0
Wilfried SingoTorino · Midfielder #17Singo comes off for Torino, with his fellow wing-back Ansaldi being brought on in his place.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10There will be no more goals in 2021 for Martinez, who is brought off, as Sanchez comes on to add experience and fresh legs to the Inter attack.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20Inzaghi responds by making changes of his own, as the recently booked Calhanoglu comes off to be replaced by Vecino.,0
Tommaso PobegaTorino · Midfielder #4Pobega is substituted with 25 minutes to go, allowing Mandragora the opportunity to impose himself on the midfield battle.,0
Alessandro BuongiornoTorino · Defender #99Buongiorno is the second player to be hooked by Juric, as he comes off for Rodriguez in a like-for-like replacement at the back.,0
For using his arm to stop Lukic's strike at the Inter goal, Calhanoglu picks up a yellow card.,2
Antonio SanabriaTorino · Striker #19After a fruitless hour up front, Sanabria comes off for Torino, who opt to bring Warming on in his place.,0
sst: E. DžekoINTER LEAD! In a break from the edge of their own box, the champions spring forward with menace, and Dzeko carries the ball past several rather static Torino defenders to roll the ball across the box, Brozovic lets it trickle by, allowing Dumfries to step forward and steer it home for the opening goal! Inter 1-0 Torino!,1
Abdoulaye DoucouréWatford · Midfielder #16Watford substitution. Doucoure has battled well in midfield. Chalobah replaces him for the final minutes.,0
Ismaïla SarrWatford · Midfielder #23Sarr's miss is his last action of the game. He's frustrated now but he can be mightly proud of the game he's had. The Argentine winger Pussetto comes on for him.,0
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Liverpool make their final change. Minamino replaces the largely invisible Firmino.,0
sst: I. SarrGOAL! 3-0 WATFORD! Deeney grabs the goal that surely secures a Watford win! Sarr draws Alisson out of his goal and passes back to Deeney, who floats it into the net from the left of the box!,1
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Midfielder #15Liverpool make an attacking substitution. Oxlade-Chamberlain's game is done. Origi is on for him.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5Liverpool make an immediate substitution. Wijnaldum makes way for Lallana.,0
Asst: T. DeeneyGOAL! 2-0 WATFORD! Sarr grabs his second! The Senegalese winger races onto a ball behind the Liverpool defence and coolly dinks it over Alisson. Liverpool are right up against it!,1
Asst: A. DoucouréGOAL! 1-0 WATFORD! Sarr breaks the deadlock! Liverpool don't deal with a simple throw-in, letting it bounce in the box. Doucoure steals in behind Lovren to hook it across goal and Sarr stabs it in from a few yards out! It's no less than the hosts deserve.,1
Gerard DeulofeuWatford · Midfielder #7Pereyra comes on for the stricken Deulofeu.,0
Peluso is shown a yellow card late in the match for cutting across Icardi and taking his opponent's legs.,2
Matías VecinoInter · Midfielder #8Valero takes over from Vecino for the final eight minutes, with Inter in desperate need of a goal.,0
Matteo PolitanoInter · Midfielder #16A double change for Inter, with Martinez being replaced by Politano in the frontline in the first of the alterations.,0
Stefano SensiSassuolo · Midfielder #12Sensi is unable to shake off the injury problem and is replaced by Magnanelli. That is all three changes made by De Zerbi.,0
Alfred DuncanSassuolo · Midfielder #32Duncan is off and Bourabia on in his place. Sassuolo have 17 minutes to see through and you get the impression that they will take a point now.,0
Filip ĐuričićSassuolo · Midfielder #9Sassuolo bring on Boga for Duricic to provide some fresh legs in midfield.,0
João MárioInter · Midfielder #15Nainggolan is brought on in place of Joao Mario with around half an hour to play. Sassuolo boss Roberto De Zerbi has yet to turn to his bench.,0
ogerio pulls back on Politano and is shown a yellow card by the referee. A good turn from Politano left the Sassuolo full-back with little choice.,2
Brozovic becomes the second player to enter the referee's notebook for lunging in on Rogerio to halt the Sassuolo attack. The Inter midfielder may have got a slight touch to the ball, though...,2
Sensi clatters into Brozovic and is shown the first yellow card of the match.,2
Correa does well to keep a long ball in by the right corner flag, and wins a fairly soft free-kick from Koybasi. Koybasi is then booked, either for the foul or for complaining about it.,2
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Koke is replaced by Lemar, who gets a 'mixed' reception from the home fans.,0
Vitolo is booked for pulling Azeez back. Granada get the free-kick about 30 yards out, just to the right of centre.,2
Koybasi gives the ball away to Carrasco in the centre circle, and the Atletico man drives straight towards goal. He gets to the edge of the area before being fouled by Duarte, who is booked.,2
José MartínezGranada · Defender #5An attacking change for Granada, as defender Martinez is replaced by striker Fernandez. He got a goal and an assist in the 2-1 win over Espanyol last weekend.,0
Vrsaljko is shown the yellow card for a handball on the halfway line.,2
artey is booked after the Azeez chance for a foul in the build-up.,2
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Defender #12Carrasco comes on for his second appearance back in Madrid, replacing Lodi.,0
oulquier is booked for a foul in an excellent position for an Atletico free-kick. About 25 yards out, over to the left.,2
ow Koke is booked, apparently for a word in the referee's ear following the Soldado yellow.,2
Asst: KokeGOOOALLL! Correa opens the scoring, Atletico lead 1-0! The ball breaks for him out of nowhere as a throw-in from the left somehow slips between two defenders and Koke knocks it on. He finishes coolly first time with his right foot, rolling it into the bottom-right corner.,1
A fracas ensues after that Simakan foul, and Kampl is also booked by the referee after coming off the bench to argue Leipzig's case!,2
imakan strides down the right and catches Zappacosta in cover accidentally. The Leipzig defender then steals the ball from the free-kick, and is given booking for his troubles!,2
Hateboer brings down Olmo as the Spaniard looks to cross halfway, and is booked by the referee.,2
Remo FreulerAtalanta · Midfielder #11Atalanta captain Freuler comes off, and Mario Pasalic will see out the game as the hosts hunts two tie-levelling goals!,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLLL!!!! That might just do it!!! Nkunku, who won the spot-kick, steps up from 12 yards, and despite Musso going the right way, the Frenchman smashes the ball into the top corner to make it 2-0!!! A 3-1 lead on aggregate now, and Atalanta are in the last-chance saloon to save this tie!,1
Kevin KamplRB Leipzig · Midfielder #44Kampl comes off in Leipzig's next change, being replaced by Marcel Halstenberg.,0
Joško GvardiolRB Leipzig · Defender #32Gvardiol is withdrawn too, but the defender to striker switch of him to Yussuf Poulsen will likely see the Red Bulls re-shuffle their formation.,0
oopmeiners catches Nkunku late as the Leipzig goalscorer looks to advance down the right, and the Atalanta midfielder is booked.,2
Benjamin HenrichsRB Leipzig · Midfielder #39The booked Henrichs also comes off, and first-leg starter Lukas Klostermann replaces him.,0
Konrad LaimerRB Leipzig · Midfielder #27Laimer's been everywhere in this game, including where it mattered to assist the goal, but comes off now for Tyler Adams.,0
Merih DemiralAtalanta · Defender #28Demiral is also withdrawn, as Gasperini brings on Giorgio Scalvini at the back.,0
Jeremie BogaAtalanta · Midfielder #10That shot was Boga's last contribution, as he comes off for Aleksey Miranchuk.,0
André SilvaRB Leipzig · Striker #33Silva comes off after a tireless performance up front, and Dominik Szoboszlai will come on for the German side.,0
uriel jinks out of two challenges before a sliding Orban arrives on the scene, absolutely clattering the Atalanta forward! He's rightfully booked, and all control from both sets of players has gone out the window in the last few minutes!,2
Demiral is all over Silva and catches him on halfway, warranting a yellow card from the referee.,2
Freuler isn't at all happy with that Demiral booking, and his appeals turn sour before he too is booked by the referee!,2
Zapata attempts to take a throw-in before being informed that it's gone the other way, but he isn't happy at all and his appeals eventually see him booked for dissent by the referee!,2
Ruslan MalinovskyiAtalanta · Midfielder #18Atalanta's first change of the game is a bizarre one, with the creative Malinovskyi withdrawn by Gasperini! First-leg scorer Luis Muriel comes on, and the hosts will hope he's in similar form for the last half-hour of the tie.,0
Koopmeiners' free-kick batters into the wall, but Henrichs is judged to have blocked the ball with his arm and is booked by the referee!,2
Asst: K. LaimerGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! The Bulls hit the front!!! Laimer steams clear down the right and enters the box, cutting the ball back to Nkunku who fires home!!! It hits the post on its way in, as RB Leipzig take a 1-0 lead! He loves these high-stakes European ties!,1
The yellow card is out again and this time it's shown to Nandez after he catches Sensi with a very late challenge. ,2
Radja NainggolanCagliari · Midfielder #4Maran brings off Nainggolan in his final change of the game and replaces him with Cigarini. ,0
Antonio CandrevaInter · Midfielder #87Final roll of the dice for Inter now and it's a defensive change as Godin comes on to replace Candreva. ,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez, the scorer of Inter's first goal in the game is taken off now and Politano is on in his place. ,0
Ionita is the latest player to be shown a yellow card after he catches Martinez with a late challenge. ,2
Fabio PisacaneCagliari · Defender #19Second change of the game for Cagliari now and it's Pisacane who comes off and he's replaced by Castro. ,0
enalty GoalLUKAKU SCORES! He only takes a short run-up to the spot and confidently hits his shot into the bottom right corner of the net, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way. 2-1 Inter!,1
Pisacane is shown a yellow card for the tackle he made which gave away the penalty. ,2
Matías VecinoInter · Midfielder #8Conte makes his first change of the game now as he brings on Barella to replace Vecino. ,0
Ceppitelli's name has been taken by the referee now for dissent after he ran to the referee asking for a penalty. ,2
ainggolan receives a yellow card for not retreating for Inter to take their free-kick. ,2
Asst: N. NándezPEDRO PULLS CAGLIARI LEVEL! Nandez puts a great cross into the box and Pedro gets ahead of his defender to nod the ball across goal and past Handanovic who didn't even move on his line. 1-1! ,1
Alberto CerriCagliari · Striker #9Maran has made a change at the start of the second half and he brings on Simeone for his debut. He comes on to replace Cerri. ,0
Asamoah is shown a yellow card after making a clumsy challenge on Nandez. ,2
THE GOAL STANDS! VAR have spent a long time looking at the decision but have now made the decision that Martinez was not offside when he headed the ball into the back of the net. 1-0 Inter!,1
Brozovic receives the first yellow card of the game after sliding in with a bad challenge on Nainggolan. ,2
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #7Vinicius makes way as Ancelotti looks to eat into the remaining stoppage time. The Brazilian taunts the Barcelona fans as he makes his way off the pitch to be replaced by Vazquez!,0
sst: L. ModrićGOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! WOULD YOU BELIEVE IT? IT'S BELLINGHAM IN STOPPAGE TIME! The Barcelona fans are stunned into silence as Madrid complete the turnaround! Carvajal finds space to cross from the right, and an unmarked Modric gets a touch to send the ball bouncing over Martinez's head. Bellingham is in the right place at the right time again as he pokes the ball between Ter Stegen's legs before standing with his arms aloft in trademark fashion. 2-1 to Madrid!,1
João FélixBarcelona · Striker #14Raphinha is also entering the fray, with Joao Felix withdrawn. He started brightly before fading in the second half.,0
João CanceloBarcelona · Midfielder #2Xavi will freshen up his attack here. Yamal is on for Cancelo.,0
Fermín LópezBarcelona · Midfielder #32Xavi introduces Romeu at the base of midfield, with Fermin taken off after receiving a yellow card earlier in the game.,0
OOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! INCREDIBLE STRIKE FROM BELLINGHAM! It's surely the pick of the bunch from Bellingham in a Madrid shirt! Los Blancos are level out of nowhere as a left-wing cross is headed out as far as the England international. He takes a touch to set himself before crashing a 25-yard strike into the top-right corner! Ter Stegen got a slight touch but was beaten for power, and it's 1-1 in El Clasico!,1
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #11Rodrygo is also going off, with Ancelotti introducing a physical presence up front in the form of Joselu.,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Ancelotti responds with two substitutions of his own. Modric finally enters the fray, with Kroos off after enduring a difficult 63 minutes.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Striker #7A big cheer goes up as Lewandowski makes his return from injury! Torres makes way as Xavi turns to his bench for the first time.,0
arvajal is booked for pulling Joao Felix's shirt on halfway. Madrid have struggled to cope with the Atletico Madrid loanee.,2
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Ancelotti has seen enough. Camavinga replaces Mendy as Gundogan prepares to take another corner.,0
orres is booked for stopping Vinicius' run by dragging the winger down, with what will surely be the final action of the first half.,2
Moments after striking the post, Fermin picks up the first yellow card of the game for a late challenge on Kroos deep in Madrid territory.,2
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL! GUNDOGAN PUTS BARCELONA AHEAD! The former Manchester City captain has his first goal for the Blaugrana, and what a time to get it! Gundogan looks for a give-and-go with Torres, and Tchouameni gets a toe to the forward's return pass. Alaba is unable to reach it on the slide, and Gundogan bursts into the area before side-footing past Kepa! 1-0!,1
Malo GustoChelsea · Defender #27Youngster Alfie Gilchrist is also brought off for the final throws in this cauldron-like atmosphere, and replaces Gusto at right-back.,0
Cole PalmerChelsea · Midfielder #20Palmer's goal remains the difference for Chelsea in the dying moments of this game, and he's replaced very late in the day by Carney Chukwuemeka.,0
João PalhinhaFulham · Midfielder #26Sasa Lukic also enters the fray for the Cottagers, replacing the ever-busy Palhinha in the heart of their midfield.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Another two changes coming for Fulham, as Pereira comes off to be replaced in the attacking line by Rodrigo Muniz.,0
There was a fair bit of acrimony towards the referee following that illegally-thwarted Fulham break, and Chelsea's goalscorer Palmer is also shown a yellow at the conclusion of the argument.,2
ulham concede a corner but break away from it almost straight away, and after Jimenez knocks the ball over halfway and beyond Silva, he's clipped by the Brazilian and the veteran Chelsea centre-back goes into the book.,2
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #7Sterling's been one of Chelsea's main attacking outlets so far in this game, but comes off now for Ben Chilwell's first league appearance in months for the Blues. It's a change that could well see the hosts shift into a back three or five.,0
aicedo chops down Pereira on the edge of Chelsea's box and out comes the yellow card from the referee's pocket - but it's instead for Disasi, who booted the ball away to prevent Fulham taking a quick free-kick!,2
Armando BrojaChelsea · Striker #19Chelsea' first alteration comes in attack as Noni Madueke comes on for Broja, in a change that could well see Palmer or Sterling move into a central striking role.,0
Kenny TeteFulham · Defender #2Tete also comes off having engaged in one hell of a battle with Sterling, and Timothy Castagne will replace him at right-back for the remainder of this game.,0
Harry WilsonFulham · Midfielder #8Bobby De Cordova-Reid comes on in Fulham's first change of the match, replacing the booked Wilson on the right side of their attack.,0
ernandez runs down a dead end and loses the ball from Tete's challenge, but then slides in late on Cairney and picks up a yellow card for the tackle.,2
he Fulham free-kick is dealt with and Fernandez races away on the counter-attack for Chelsea. He bypasses Willian before losing the ball after Wilson's lunge from behind, and the Welsh international is booked for the reckless challenge.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! Palmer makes no mistake!!! A drilled, low shot finds the bottom-right corner, sending Leno the wrong way and giving Chelsea a 1-0 lead!!! What a time to put your side in front, and this 21-year-old's stock just carries on soaring!,1
Gusto's loose touch sees him dispossessed and he slides in to win the ball back, but gets his challenge all wrong, catching Willian late and picking up the game's first yellow card!,2
owton is shown the yellow card now after he cuts off a Mooy run with an arm.,2
Sam VokesBurnley · Striker #9Vydra replaces Vokes for Burnley as the referee signals eight additional minutes of injury time.,0
Chris LöweHuddersfield · Defender #15Hadergjonaj is the final man to arrive for Huddersfield, replacing a limping Lowe.,0
Jorgensen is also shown a booking now following a Burnley free-kick, albeit for a bit of pushing and pulling away from the ball.,2
ee picks up a yellow card now after a bad foul to halt Billing's breakaway counter-run.,2
Ashley WestwoodBurnley · Midfielder #18Play resumes with Schindler remarkably continuing for Huddersfield. Burnley make another change; Westwood is replaced by Hendrick.,0
Asst: C. LöweSCHINDLER PULLS IT BACK FOR HUDDERSFIELD! 1-1! The possession and the pressure finally tells as the Terriers get their goal. Lowe, off the back of a long throw, clips a neat cross in off the left wing; in the middle of the defensive huddle, the German heads home to push it past Hart. We're all square at Turf Moor.,1
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10Burnley also make their first switch of the game now, with Wood on for Barnes.,0
Rajiv van La ParraHuddersfield · Midfielder #17There will be a double change now for Huddersfield; Van La Parra makes way for Mounie...,0
Mooy leathers a shot - one of the better ones from Town today - towards Hart which the Burnley keeper can't keep hold of. Depoitre chases it and then dives as Tarkowski comes in, earning himself a booking from the referee.,2
sst: J. GuðmundssonVOKES GIVES BURNLEY THE LEAD! 1-0! The Clarets open the scoring, arguably against the run of play as they unlock a rather sloppy Huddersfield defence. The free-kick finds Gudmundsson deep on the right wing and the Terriers fail to shut down his cross into the box where the Welsh striker nods a header in beyond Lossl at the right post. Sean Dyche's men have their noses in front.,1
Callum WilsonNewcastle · Striker #9Wood has come on for Wilson for the final few minutes. The New Zealander will hope to grab a goal.,0
Demarai GrayEverton · Striker #11McNeil has come on in place of McNeil. Everton will hope he can offer a different kind of threat from the right flank.,0
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Iwobi has been pulled in favour of Garner, who'll look to add something new to Everton's midfield.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Maupay has replaced Calvert-Lewin, who's still in the process of recovering his match fitness.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Similarly, Fraser has come in to provide relief for the game's only goalscorer, Almiron.,0
Jacob MurphyNewcastle · Striker #23Anderson has replaced Murphy in what appears to be a straight swap.,0
Gueye is booked after losing the ball to Wilson and then pulling him back by his shirt.,2
JoelintonNewcastle · Midfielder #7Willock has replaced Joelinton in a like-for-like change.,0
Gordon has picked up a booking for an off-the-ball altercation with several Newcastle players.,2
Asst: B. GuimarãesGOAL! Almiron breaks the deadlock. Trippier switched the play from the right to the left flank and then, after a couple of intelligent passes, the ball fell to Guimaraes at the edge of the box. He then teed up Almiron, whose left-footed finish beat Pickford and nestled in the back of the net.,1
oelinton is issued a yellow card for a coming together with Onana.,2
s Liverpool come forward on the counter, Sangare takes out Gakpo and picks up a yellow card.,2
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #9Nunez had a big hand in the first two goals and now makes way for Endo.,0
Asst: D. SzoboszlaiGOAL!!! SALAH PUTS IT TO BED!!! It is an absolute howler from Turner, who races out of his goal to try and cut out Szoboszlai's punted ball upfield. The Forest goalkeeper completely misjudges the bounce of the ball and Salah latches onto it, coolly finishing to make it 3-0 and surely wrap up the three points for Liverpool!,1
Willy BolyNottm Forest · Defender #30Cooper brings on Awoniyi for Boly in an attacking substitution.,0
Nicolás DomínguezNottm Forest · Midfielder #16Cooper makes his first changes, bringing on Yates for Dominguez.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20Jota opened the scoring but now makes way for Gakpo.,0
Mac Allister is booked for wiping out Gibbs-White in midfield.,2
Dominguez cynically drags back Alexander-Arnold and receives a yellow card.,2
sst: D. SzoboszlaiGOAL!!! NUNEZ MAKES IT 2-0!!! Jota picks out Szoboszlai in midfield before the Hungary international plays a lovely one-two with Salah. Szoboszlai manages to dig out a cross, and Nunez is waiting in the middle to turn home and put Liverpool firmly in the driver's seat!,1
GOAL!!! JOTA FIRES LIVERPOOL IN FRONT!!! A swift move from the hosts sees Salah slide a neat throughball into the path of Nunez, who fires goalwards. The forward's effort is saved by Turner, but the Forest goalkeeper can only parry back into the danger area, where Jota is on hand to tap home the rebound and put the hosts 1-0 up!,1
Alexander-Arnold receives the first booking of the contest for a late challenge on Aina as the visiting defender tried to clear upfield.,2
here's a late flashpoint as a frustrated Bellingham catches Correa and goes into the book. The Atletico players want a card of another colour, but a caution looks to be the right punishment.,2
Samuel LinoAtlético Madrid · Defender #12Meanwhile, Javi Galan is on for Lino in a straight swap at left wing-back. Lino was excellent in the first half and played a crucial role in two of Atletico's goals, assisting their first.,0
José María GiménezAtlético Madrid · Defender #2Simeone makes another change as Correa replaces Gimenez.,0
Álvaro MorataAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Morata gets a standing ovation as he makes way for Depay. The former Madrid striker looks like being the Atletico matchwinner here...,0
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Diaz replaces Kroos as Ancelotti rolls the dice for the final time.,0
Madrid substitute Mendy is booked after catching Llorente with a late challenge in midfield.,2
Nahuel MolinaAtlético Madrid · Defender #16Azpilicueta replaces Molina as Simeone makes a change at right wing-back.,0
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Nacho is on at right-back, with Vazquez withdrawn. All three Atletico goals have come down his side.,0
Fran GarcíaReal Madrid · Defender #20Mendy is also on for Fran Garcia, in another straight swap at left-back.,0
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #12Madrid make three changes. The first sees Tchouameni take Camavinga's place in midfield.,0
Asst: SaúlGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! MORATA MAKES IT 3-1! What a start to the second half! Griezmann feeds the ball wide for Saul on the left, and his brilliant deep cross finds Morata, who is completely unmarked six yards out. Kepa has absolutely no chance as he powers a header into the top-right corner!,1
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Madrid struggled to make much headway without a focal point in attack prior to the break, and Joselu is entering the fray now. Modric is the man withdrawn.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Both teams have made a change at half-time. For Atletico, Witsel is on for Koke in midfield.,0
hat's a nasty one! Gimenez chops Rodrygo down with an awful challenge on Madrid's left flank and sees yellow. The Atletico man is lucky his studs weren't showing, as that tackle was reckless!,2
Modric is booked for dissent as Madrid's players surround the referee to complain about that decision.,2
OOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! KROOS WITH A STUNNING STRIKE! Wow, what a goal that is! Madrid halve the arrears as Kroos brings down a clearance on the edge of the box before cutting inside Llorente and firing the bouncing ball into the bottom-left corner. Oblak had no chance, and it's 2-1!,1
sst: SaúlGOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! GRIEZMANN MAKES IT TWO! Atletico are in dreamland as their talisman doubles their lead! Lino is involved again, finding Saul with a neat reverse pass and allowing the midfielder to stand up a cross from the left. Griezmann is totally unmarked as he nods it past Kepa and into the bottom-right corner! What a start!,1
Asst: S. LinoGOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! MORATA PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD! The Civitas Metropolitano erupts as the hosts seize the lead! Lino is the architect, running at Vazquez before cutting inside to cross, and his inswinging delivery is expertly glanced into the bottom-right corner by Morata! It's 1-0 to Atleti, and Morata has bitten the hand that used to feed him!,1
Asst: L. ParedesUNBELIEVABLE! IT’S ONE FOR THE HIGHLIGHT REEL! 5-0! Despite his sustained brilliance, Messi still finds new ways to entertain, getting into the penalty area and chesting down Paredes’ lifted pass before executing a spectacular overhead kick to beat Diaw!,1
Maxime GonalonsClermont Foot · Midfielder #12Baiye comes on for the booked Gonalons with five minutes to go.,0
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6Verratti is given a break before the end of the match as he's replaced by Zaire-Emery.,0
Elbasan RashaniClermont Foot · Midfielder #18Khaoui comes on for Rashani in the aftermath of PSG's fourth goal.,0
Asst: NeymarMESSI MAKES IT FOUR! 4-0! It could not have been easier for the Argentina international, who slaloms through midfield in trademark style before presenting the ball to Neymar and continuing his run. After executing a step-over to earn some room the number 10 returns it to Messi for the tap-in!,1
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Striker #19It's a first appearance for PSG in Ligue 1 for Ekitike, who is sent on for Sarabia.,0
Nuno MendesPSG · Midfielder #25A change on the left side sees Bernat replace Mendes.,0
Jim AllevinahClermont Foot · Midfielder #11The hosts make two changes at once as Allevinah is also withdrawn, for Dossou.,0
Muhammed ChamClermont Foot · Midfielder #70Clermont shuffle their pack with just under 20 minutes remaining as Magnin replaces Saracevic in attack.,0
Sergio RamosPSG · Defender #4Galtier manages Ramos' minutes in the first match of the season, withdrawing him for the newly acquired Mukiele with just over 20 minutes remaining.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Vitinha is withdrawn 67 minutes into his Ligue 1 debut, with Paredes his replacement.,0
Gonalons knowingly sticks out a leg to bring Vitinha down in midfield, earning the Clermont player a yellow card.,2
sst: NeymarMARQUINHOS MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! It’s a simple goal for the PSG captain, who makes the late run to get on the end of Neymar’s free-kick, nodding it past Diaw from seven yards away!,1
Allevinah’s cynical tug back on Vitinha sees him awarded a yellow card.,2
sst: NeymarHAKIMI DOUBLES THE LEAD! 2-0! It’s a great goal from the wing-back, who explodes into space on the counter-attack, getting on the end of Neymar’s leading pass before entering the penalty area and smashing a shot high into the roof of the net!,1
The first yellow card of the match is shown to Vitinha, whose careless bump from behind sends Sarcevic to the turf 28 yards from Donnarumma’s target.,2
Asst: L. MessiPSG OPEN THE SCORING! 1-0! It has taken less than 10 minutes for the champions to go ahead in their first league match of the season as Sarabia drives to the byline before cutting a cross back to the edge of the 18-yard box. Messi meets it with a deft touch to flick it to Neymar, who slots it into the corner of the goal!,1
Asst: L. MessiSOLER SCORES! Messi just checks back when he cuts inside from the left, and Lavi's momentum carries him forward. He pulls it back to Soler on the edge of the D, and he slots his first-time shot through the crowd and past Cohen into the bottom corner. 7-2 PSG!,1
Fabián RuizPSG · Midfielder #8Final change for PSG now as Sarabia comes on to replace Ruiz.,0
Ali MohamedMaccabi Haifa · Midfielder #4Haifa are also making their last changes. Muhammad is on in place of Arad.,0
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Vitinha is also making way, with Zaire-Emery on for him.,0
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7Triple change for PSG now, and Mbappe won't have the chance to get a hat-trick as he's replaced by Ekitike.,0
avi has a couple of attempts at pulling Neymar back, and eventually succeeds which results in a booking.,2
Mohammad Abu FaniMaccabi Haifa · Midfielder #16And Abu Fani is also taken off, with Meir replacing him.,0
Pierre CornudMaccabi Haifa · Midfielder #27Haifa are making a double change now. Cornud is the first to go off, with Menachem on in his place.,0
Renato SanchesPSG · Midfielder #18PSG are making their first change now as Soler comes on in place of Sanches.,0
Omer AtziliMaccabi Haifa · Midfielder #7Haifa are making the first change of the game following PSG's latest goal. Atzili is taken off and replaced by David.,0
sst: A. HakimiMBAPPE SCORES! It's another wonderful goal by the Frenchman! The move starts deep in their own half down the right, and Hakimi goes for the big switch to pick out Mbappe, who is unmarked on the left of the box. He has time to bring it down and set himself before curling his shot into the far top corner, out of Cohen's reach. 5-2 PSG!,1
tzili is shown a yellow card after catching Vitinha with a late challenge in an attempt to stop the break.,2
Asst: F. PierrotSECK SCORES AGAIN! PSG just don't clear their lines from Atzili's corner, and Haifa make them pay for it! Goldberg gets the first flick on before Pierrot helps it onto Seck, who is unmarked at the far post. He loops his header over Donnarumma and into the opposite top corner. The goalkeeper is saying he was offside, but Seck timed his run! 4-2!,1
Chery clips the back of Sanches' heels as he gets away from him, and he's shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: K. MbappeMESSI SCORES AGAIN! It's a lovely goal from the Argentinian who dribbles away from the two Haifa central defenders on the edge of the box to open up space for a shot. He rifles his low shot towards the near bottom corner and squeezes it past Cohen for his second of the game. 4-1 PSG!,1
amos is tight to Pierrot's back, and he pushes him before going to ground and taking him out from behind. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: O. AtziliSECK PULLS ONE BACK! It's a really clever free-kick from Haifa, with Chery placing the ball on the ground when the referee's whistle goes and Atzili quickly whips it into the box. PSG aren't ready for it, but Seck is and he thumps a header past the stunned Donnarumma. 3-1!,1
Asst: L. MessiNEYMAR SCORES! Haifa lose it high upfield and PSG break quickly on the counter. The front three links up really well again, with Mbappe squaring it to Messi before he tees up Neymar on the edge of the box. Cohen rushes out, and the Brazilian chips it over him, and it goes in off the inside of the far post. 3-0 PSG!,1
BAPPE SCORES! Neymar slides it through to Mbappe with a Rabona on the throughball, and the Frenchman tries to tee up Messi. Lavi slides in to block it, but the loose ball rolls straight back to Mbappe, and he curls a lovely shot around Cohen into the far side of the net in a finish similar to Messi's earlier goal. 2-0 PSG!,1
As soon as Mbappe went down, Neymar squared up to Seck before continuing his protests to the referee. He's talked himself into a booking with his complaints, and it's a costly one as he'll miss the next match against Juventus.,2
Mbappe is away from Seck again, and he lifts a cross in from the byline as Seck dives in. He catches the Frenchman with his studs, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: K. MbappeMESSI SCORES! Messi nodded it down for Mbappe, but Seck slid in to stop him from getting a shot away. He manages to roll it back to Messi, and he curls a wonderful shot around Batubinsika so the keeper can't see it, and picks out the far side of the net. 1-0 PSG!,1
Undav is handed a late booking now for attempting to impede a quick restart from Bonham. We'll have four added minutes here.,2
Jacob BrownStoke City · Striker #9Stoke make their final change now, introducing Lowe for Brown.,0
Jeremy SarmientoBrighton · Midfielder #19Another Brighton change now and it is a former FA Cup winner in Welbeck who arrives to replace Sarmiento.,0
Tyrese CampbellStoke City · Striker #10Campbell is also replaced by the Potters, who introduce Celina.,0
Kaoru MitomaBrighton · Midfielder #22That is Mitoma's last action too, as Brighton replace him with Enciso.,0
Facundo BuonanotteBrighton · Midfielder #40The Seagulls make a second swap too, with Veltman on for Buonanotte.,0
Evan FergusonBrighton · Striker #28Brighton make their first alteration now, as goalscorer Ferguson is replaced by Undav.,0
Dujon SterlingStoke City · Defender #20Stoke now make their second change of the game, with Clucas on for Sterling.,0
aker clips Caicedo on the back of the right ankle and the latter goes down like a sack of potatoes. It's a yellow card for the Stoke man.,2
Josh LaurentStoke City · Midfielder #28Stoke have made a change at the break too, with Smallbone brought on in place of Laurent.,0
Asst: K. MitomaGOAL! STOKE 0-1 BRIGHTON! It's Ferguson who breaks the deadlock in the Midlands, after a quiet start to the game. Dunk rolls a lovely ball down the left after catching the defence out through Mitoma. He simply cuts the ball beyond Bonham inside for a tap-in finish. Textbook stuff, but lovely to watch!,1
The first yellow card of the day is out, and it is for Stoke's Laurent, after another industrial challenge on Caicedo. The Ecuador international is certainly drawing those tackles to him.,2
Sean LongstaffNewcastle · Midfielder #36Longstaff makes way for Anderson in the Newcastle midfield.,0
Chris WoodNewcastle · Striker #20Ritchie is on for Wood for the closing stages.,0
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28Willock is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Murphy.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Saint-Maximin comes on in the closing stages for Almiron, who added another goal to his tally today.,0
Boubakary SoumaréLeicester City · Midfielder #42Ndidi replaces Soumare for the hosts in the middle of the park.,0
Harvey BarnesLeicester City · Midfielder #7Barnes has not been at his best today and is replaced by Iheanacho.,0
Patson DakaLeicester City · Striker #20Daka had a difficult first half and is withdrawn by Rodgers.,0
sst: K. TrippierGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! JOELINTON HEADS HOME A THIRD!!!!! 3-0!!!!!! Newcastle pour on the agony for the home side as Joelinton uses his strength to power a header past Ward from a corner. Trippier angles a perfect cross into the penalty area from the right flank. Joelinton outmuscles Soumare at the back post to power his header past a stranded Ward. Newcastle are in command here.,1
Dennis PraetLeicester City · Midfielder #26Perez enters the game to replace the injured Praet.,0
Asst: B. GuimarãesWHAT A GOAL!!!! ALMIRON SCORES A BRILLIANT FINISH!!!!! 2-0 NEWCASTLE!!!!!! Almiron places a low strike into the bottom-right corner following a brilliant move. Almiron cuts in from the right flank and plays a one-two with Bruno, who cuts open the Leicester defence with ease. Almiron takes a great first touch and his second is even better as he guides his finish past Ward.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WOOD HAMMERS HOME THE PENALTY!!!! 1-0 NEWCASTLE!!! Wood keeps his composure from 12 yards against his former club. The New Zealander blasts his effort straight down the middle as Ward dives early to his left.,1
Yerry MinaEverton · Defender #13Mina comes off the pitch limping and Holgate is on for the closing stages.,0
Asst: RicharlisonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SIGURDSSON SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 2-0!!! Everton surely wrap up the three points as the Icelander buries a perfect strike into the top left corner. He takes possession on the edge of the box and works the ball on to his right foot away from Rice's sliding challenge. Sigurdsson lines up a curling effort that soars into the net away from the outstretched hand of Jimenez.,1
Alex IwobiEverton · Midfielder #17Sigurdsson is on for Iwobi for the home side.,0
Theo WalcottEverton · Midfielder #11Walcott is withdrawn for Kean for the closing stages of the contest.,0
Mark NobleWest Ham · Midfielder #16Noble is withdrawn for Ajeti for the visitors.,0
Rice has to pull back Walcott on the charge to stop a counter. He takes one for the team and is booked.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #18Wilshere replaces Fornals for the visitors after an underwhelming performance from the Spaniard.,0
Felipe AndersonWest Ham · Midfielder #8Felipe Anderson makes way at the break for the visitors and is replaced by Yarmolenko.,0
Asst: T. WalcottGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BERNARD FINDS THE NET FROM THE ANGLE!!!!! 1-0 EVERTON!!!! The Toffees take the lead as Bernard squeezes an effort past Jimenez at his near post. Walcott releases the run of the Brazilian with an incisive throughball into the right inside channel. Bernard opts not to strike first time and the opening appears to have gone. However, he backheels his way past Masuaku before slotting an offload between Jimenez and the post to find the net.,1
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21Another change by Valverde now and Fati is on in place of De Jong.,0
Asst: A. MorataATLETICO LEAD AGAIN! Correa gets the ball and runs at Neto before drilling his shot on target. The goalkeeper gets two hands to it, but the ball loops up and bounces over the line. Rakitic tries to get back and clear it, but goal-line technology shows it's well over the line. 3-2 Atletico!,1
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5First change for Barcelona now and it's Rakitic that's coming on for Busquets.,0
enalty GoalATLETICO ARE LEVEL! It's Morata that steps up to the spot and it's a confident run-up from the Spaniard. He sends Neto the wrong way and sidefoots his spot-kick into the bottom right corner. 2-2!,1
Vidal slides into Vitolo from behind in an attempt to win the ball and is shown a yellow card for the tackle.,2
Llorente has only been on the field seconds and he's already picked up a yellow card for a bad foul on Messi.,2
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Final roll of the dice for Simeone now and it's an enforced one as the substitute Koke has picked up an injury. Llorente comes on in his place.,0
Renan LodiAtlético Madrid · Defender #12Second change for Atletico now and it's Vitolo that's coming on to replace Lodi.,0
Felipe takes out Suarez with a challenge from behind and is shown a yellow card.,2
GRIEZMANN SCORES! The ball is crossed into Suarez at the near post and he gets a lot of power behind his header. Oblak makes a brilliant save to deny him but puts the ball straight into Griezmann's path and he heads his effort into the back of the empty net. This one counts and Barcelona lead 2-1!,1
Asst: L. SuárezBARCELONA ARE LEVEL! It looked like the chance had gone as Messi was closed down by two Atletico players when he got on the ball but he managed to keep hold of it, get past them and drill his effort low into the bottom left corner. 1-1!,1
sst: Á. CorreaATLETICO TAKE THE LEAD! Just seconds after coming onto the pitch, Koke has scored! They go straight on the attack from the kick-off and Correa lays it off to him. Koke then takes a touch before slotting the ball past Neto and into the bottom left corner. 1-0 Atletico!,1
Héctor HerreraAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #16Simeone has decided to make a change at the start of the second half as he brings on Koke for Herrera.,0
oao Felix was unhappy with something that happened at the end of the first half and it sparked an argument between both sides after the whistle. Suarez got involved for Barcelona and he's shown a yellow card for dissent.,2
s Barcelona get ready to take the corner, the referee spots a foul off the ball as Umtiti goes to ground. He goes over and shows a yellow card to Thomas for dissent.,2
ique picks up the first yellow card of the game after he slides into a tackle on Lodi and although he does get a touch on the ball, he takes the left-back out.,2
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9SUB! Bonatini comes on for the closing stages of the match, replacing Jimenez up front.,0
Asst: M. DohertyGOAL! JONNY MAKES IT 2-0 TO WOLVES! Doherty strolls past Armstrong on the right and gets to the byline before rolling it into Jonny, whose first touch looks poor initially, but it's just out of reach of the Southampton defenders, and the Spaniard drills the ball in through the legs of McCarthy! ,1
sst: R. JiménezGOAL! CAVALEIRO SCORES OFF THE BENCH! WOLVES LEAD 1-0! Traore charges down the right but slows up as he faces up to Bertrand. He gets to the byline well though and fizzes a cross into Jimenez, who lays it off for Cavaleiro and the substitute smashes it into the back of the net with a ruthless first-time finish! It's 1-0 to Wolves! ,1
Diogo JotaWolves · Midfielder #18SUB! Jota makes way for Cavaleiro - who makes his first Premier League appearance after returning from a back injury. ,0
Charlie AustinSouthampton · Striker #10SUB! Austin fails to continue his scoring record against Wolves, and is replaced by Gabbiadini.,0
YELLOW! Traore tries to dribble past Redmond and steps on the winger's foot. He's bewildered at the yellow brandished at him, claiming that it wasn't intentional. ,2
Mohamed ElyounoussiSouthampton · Midfielder #11SUB! Elyounoussi - just back from injury - is replaced by fellow summer signing Armstrong for the final 20 minutes. ,0
YELLOW! The corner is a poor one, and Jonny ends up being forced to make a cynical challenge to prevent a Southampton counter.,2
Hélder CostaWolves · Midfielder #10SUB! Costa appears to be struggling after a clash of knees earlier in the half, and he is replaced by new signing Traore, who will relish facing up to a full-back on a yellow card.,0
YELLOW! Jota makes a poor challenge on Lemina inside the Southampton box, slipping as he goes to nick the ball away. He's not happy, however, referencing Vestergaard's three unpunished challenges on himself. ,2
YELLOW! Bertrand finally picks up the first yellow card of the day, hacking down Moutinho as he progressed down the right.,2
Andrej KramarićHoffenheim · Midfielder #27Kramaric heads off with Dabbur taking his place.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Musiala also heads off with Sabitzer coming on.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25This time Bayern make two changes. The first sees Muller head off for Choupo-Moting.,0
Christoph BaumgartnerHoffenheim · Midfielder #14Hoffenheim make two changes as they look for more energy in the final 20 minutes. The first substitution sees Baumgartner make way for Larsen.,0
Pavel KadeřábekHoffenheim · Defender #3Kaderabek also makes way with Akpoguma taking his place.,0
Diadie SamassekouHoffenheim · Midfielder #18Samassekou heads off with Geiger taking his place. The midfielder was on a yellow card and this move will prevent the hosts from a suffering a red card.,0
Georginio RutterHoffenheim · Striker #33Rutter is replaced by Bebou at half-time.,0
sst: J. KimmichGOALL! LEWANDOWSKI! 1-1. Bayern equalise on the stroke of half-time. Kimmich puts in an outswinging corner and Lewandowski climbs over Samassekou to plant a powerful header beyond Baumann and in!,1
Rutter's now shown a yellow card as he stops Coman near the touchline. Lewandowski can't quite control Sane's delivery and the hosts concede a corner.,2
Hernandez is booked after tripping Rutter. The defender has struggled with Rutter today.,2
Asst: D. RaumGOALL! BAUMGARTNER! 1-0. Hoffenheim take the lead. The hosts sweep forward as Kramaric feed Raum near the byline. Raum sends in a precise cross and Baumgartner acrobatically guides it beyond Neuer and into the bottom corner from eight yards!,1
Samassekou cynically stops Sane from driving through midfield with a high foot. He's deservedly shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: A. HakimiGOAL! BREST 2-4 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Di Maria finally sees off Brest after a fast counter-attack! Brest's corner comes to nothing and PSG find themselves three-on-one. Hakimi floats a pass to Di Maria who dinks the ball over Bizot from outside the box.,1
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #9Icardi, meanwhile, trudges off for PSG after taking a slight knock in the run-up to Mounie's goal. Kalimuendo-Muinga comes on for him.,0
Ronaël Pierre-GabrielBrest · Defender #18Brest make another change. Their captain Duverne comes on for Pierre-Gabriel.,0
Asst: R. FaivreGOAL! BREST 2-3 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Faivre beats Hakimi to send a dangerous cross in from the left. Mounie controls the ball with his chest and rifles it past Navas.,1
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7PSG make another change. Di Maria takes Mbappe's place.,0
Irvin CardonaBrest · Midfielder #14Cardona also heads off for Brest. He's replaced by Le Douaron.,0
Haris BelkeblaBrest · Midfielder #7Brest respond by making changes. Magnetti comes on for Belkebla.,0
Asst: A. HerreraGOAL! BREST 1-3 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! A fantastic Gueye goal surely seals the win for PSG. Brest clear PSG's corner but the visitors regroup and Gueye belts an powerful shot towards the top left corner from way out. Bizot gets a hand to it but is unable to stop it from going in.,1
Marco VerrattiPSG · Midfielder #6PSG make the game's first substitution. Verratti makes way for Draxler.,0
bappe gets a yellow card for the challenge. The France star looks perplexed. Honorat soon gets to his feet.,2
erratti's cynical challenge earns him a yellow card. PSG plead his innocence but the referee disagrees.,2
rassier receives the game's first yellow card for that challenge on Icardi.,2
sst: R. FaivreGOAL! BREST 1-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Mounie scampers down the left and waits for support. The forward lays off to Faivre who finds Honorat racing into the box to his right with a lovely backheel. Honorat fires low across Bizot and into the far bottom corner.,1
OAL! BREST 0-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Kehrer's header down in the box is hit on the volley by Wijnaldum into a Brest defender. The ball rises nicely for Mbappe who races onto the scene to power a header past Bizot.,1
GOAL! BREST 0-1 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Mbappe's high cross is headed out as far as Herrera who smacks it opportunistically on the half-volley from range. The shot catches Bizot off guard and bounces into the net. It's a tame opener for Brest to concede.,1
or a foul out wide on Guehi, Forshaw goes into the referee's notebook.,2
Tyler RobertsLeeds United · Striker #11To kill precious time, Roberts comes off for Leeds and Cresswell is now on.,0
Penalty GoalLEEDS IN FRONT! Raphinha skips into the penalty kick and coolly slots the ball past Guaita in the Palace goal, sending the Leeds fans delirious with joy! At the death, it's Leeds 1-0 Palace!,1
or handling the ball in the area, Guehi is inevitably booked - adding to his pain at conceding such a late penalty.,2
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Vieira makes a last roll of the dice, as the lively Ayew is replaced by Olise in the dying moments of the game.,0
Due to Kouyate's quick turn on the ball inside his own half, Roberts' sliding challenge upends the Palace midfielder and earns him a yellow card.,2
Jeffrey SchluppCrystal Palace · Midfielder #15Palace make another change for the final 10 minutes, as Schlupp comes off and Hughes is brought on in his place.,0
Dallas crudely hauls back Zaha in the latest tussle between the pair, and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Odsonne ÉdouardCrystal Palace · Striker #22Vieira makes a change up front in his search for all three points, as Benteke is brought on for the ineffective Edouard.,0
 far from ideal start for Firpo, as he is caught out of position and clips Ayew 20 yards out from goal, conceding a free-kick in dangerous territory and picking up a yellow card.,2
Mateusz KlichLeeds United · Midfielder #43Klich has been replaced by Rodrigo at the break, as Leeds chase an increasingly rare victory.,0
Pascal StruijkLeeds United · Defender #21Following his difficulties in the first half, Struijk has been taken off, with Junior Firpo on in his place.,0
Struijk's troubles in dealing with Ayew continue, as the defender's attempts to stop Palace's number nine from dribbling down the right end in the concession of a free-kick and a booking for the Leeds left-back.,2
Tempers are flaring now, as Gallagher thunders into a lunging challenge on Raphinha, which deservedly earns him a booking. He'd previously been struck by a flailing arm and went looking for vengeance.,2
ronic cheers reverberate around a soggy Elland Road, as Ward is penalised for holding back James and subsequently finding his way into the referee's notebook.,2
Asst: A. TownsendGOAL!!! BENTEKE HAS SURELY WON IT FOR PALACE!!! Despite being on the back foot for almost the entire game, Palace have snatched a victory! Townsend races down the left and crosses to the back post for Benteke, who catches his volley sweetly and arrows it low into the bottom-left corner past Sanchez! It's 2-1 to Palace now!,1
Eberechi EzeCrystal Palace · Midfielder #25Hodgson now replaces Eze with the more industrious McCarthy in midfield as he looks to see the game out with a point intact.,0
Palace have a rare opportunity to break through Eze and Veltman scythes him down in the middle of the pitch, accepting his yellow card in exchange for the prevention of the counter.,2
Pascal GroßBrighton · Midfielder #13Potter makes his third change now, taking Gross off for a wide forward in Jahanbakhsh as he gambles in search of a winner.,0
Jean-Philippe MatetaCrystal Palace · Striker #14Hodgson makes a change up front, replacing his side's goalscorer, Mateta, with Benteke. In truth, Mateta has hardly touched the ball aside from his goal.,0
Alexis Mac AllisterBrighton · Midfielder #10Potter makes a proactive change, replacing Mac Allister with Lallana as his side continue to search for a winning goal.,0
GOAL!! BRIGHTON ARE LEVEL!! Gross plays the ball into the box for Welbeck, but Mitchell is there to hold the substitute off. He loses his footing as he tries to turn away with the ball, however, and it breaks to Veltman on the right side of the box, who smashes a left-footed effort past Guaita at the near post! It's 1-1 now!,1
Burn feels he's won the ball after sliding in on Ayew, but the referee takes a different view of the challenge and books the Brighton defender instead.,2
Steven AlzateBrighton · Midfielder #17Potter makes an attacking change at the break, replacing Alzate with an extra striker in Welbeck and shifting to a back four.,0
Asst: J. AyewGOAL!!! WHAT A FINISH BY MATETA!!! Ayew bursts past Burn on the right and drives a low cross towards the near post, where Mateta has White for company. The striker produces a wonderful piece of skill, however, spinning White and backheeling a shot through Sanchez's legs with just one touch! That's his first goal for the Eagles! Palace have hardly had a chance, but they lead 1-0!,1
Asst: S. BoufalGOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!! REDMOND GETS SOUTHAMPTON'S SECOND!!! 2-0!! The Saints surely secure the three points as Redmond converts at the back post. Boufal creates the opening down the left flank with a run and fine cross. Redmond is in the right place at the right time to slot the ball home.,1
Danny IngsSouthampton · Striker #9Armstrong is on for Ings in Southampton's final change.,0
Hojbjerg slides in on Montoya to stop his progress and goes into the book.,2
Che AdamsSouthampton · Striker #10Boufal comes on to the field for Adams, who will have had better days.,0
Dale StephensBrighton · Midfielder #6Gross replaces Stephens for the hosts. Another attacking move for the Seagulls.,0
Neal MaupayBrighton · Striker #7Murray replaces Maupay for the Seagulls leading the line.,0
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20March makes way for Locadia for the home side in the final third.,0
Djenepo is in the action and he goes into the book for an aerial challenge with Montoya.,2
Asst: D. IngsGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DJENEPO PUTS SOUTHAMPTON AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! WHAT AN IMPACT!! The substitute makes an impression with his first touch as he curls a super strike beyond the reach of Ryan into the top corner. Brighton are caught out at the back, leaving space exposed. Ings picks out the winger in acres of room on the left flank. He cuts in from the left flank before letting fire on his right foot, beating the Brighton keeper with a brilliant effort.,1
Yan ValerySouthampton · Defender #43Valery makes way for Djenepo for the Saints.,0
OFF! Andone is dismissed for a terrible challenge on Valery. The forward takes a heavy touch and then dives in with two feet over the top of the ball as he tries ti regain possession. It's a poor one from the forward and the referee Kevin Friend brandishes a red card immediately.,3
Brighton clear their lines from a Ward-Prowse corner and Andone leads the charge out from the back. The Southampton midfielder takes one for the team to bring down the forward to halt the counter, but he goes into the book.,2
GOAL! Vormer makes it 4-0 to Brugge! It's a decent finish from the captain, low into the corner, but there's yet more dreadful defending. A long ball over the top is flicked on, and three Monaco defenders hesitate and allow it to run through for the midfielder, who duly slots the chance away. ,1
Clinton MataClub Brugge · Midfielder #77Clinton Mata is replaced by Vlietinck in Brugge's final change.,0
Kamil GlikMonaco · Defender #25Glik doesn't re-enter the field of play and is helped along by the physios. Toure comes on in his place. ,0
WesleyClub Brugge · Striker #7Wesley, the scorer of Brugge's lovely third goal, is replaced by Rezaei for the final 20 minutes or so.,0
Youssef Aït BennasserMonaco · Midfielder #15Bennasser is replaced by another youngster in Massengo as Henry places his faith in youth. ,0
Radamel FalcaoMonaco · Striker #9This is a bold change. Falcao is replaced by youngster Gouano. Henry will be hoping that the substitute's youthful exuberance will encourage his side to play without fear. ,0
sst: R. VormerGOAL!!! Wesley makes it 3-0 to Brugge! It's great work from the forward as he dances away from three, cutting inside from the left, before opening up his body and curling a wicked shot into the far corner! The 2016/17 semi-finalists are getting humiliated at home, and it's not a pretty sight for their fans. ,1
Penalty GoalGOAL! It's 2-0 to Brugge! Vanaken calmly rolls the ball down the middle as Benaglio dives to his right. Monaco wasted two great chances early on, and all of a sudden they're two goals down! ,1
GOAL!! Vanaken puts Club Brugge ahead! It's a simple, simple goal, and Henry looks distraught on the touchline. Rits is allowed to advance down the right far too easily, his cross isn't blocked and it lands at the feet of Vanaken for a simple tap-in! It's 1-0 to Brugge! ,1
Krépin DiattaClub Brugge · Midfielder #11And the substitution is made, with Cools coming on. Really unfortunate for Diatta, who cuts a disappointed figure on the sidelines.,0
Rodriguez goes into the book after chopping down Ilicic from behind. He can have no complaints about that one.,2
Lucas PaquetáMilan · Midfielder #39Final change for Milan sees Pacqueta replaced by Laxalt.,0
Duván ZapataAtalanta · Striker #91A change up front for Milan as Barrow enters the game in place of Zapata.,0
SusoMilan · Striker #8Another change for Milan as Suso is replaced by fellow winger Castillejo.,0
Krzysztof PiątekMilan · Striker #19Despite grabbing a brace, Gattuso has decided to bring off Piatek and replace him with fellow striker Cutrone. He was desperate to stay on but a foot injury appears to have got the better of him.,0
Hans HateboerAtalanta · Midfielder #33After a quiet night, Hateboer is replaced by Gosens.,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluGOAALLLL - Atalanta 1-3 Milan - A bullet header from Piatek puts Milan two up in this Serie A clash. He grabs his second of the night after timing his run to perfection from a corner. When Calhanoglu's cross was played in, he was behind the penalty spot, but the striker gets to the near post and beats Berisha with ease.,1
Papu GómezAtalanta · Midfielder #10A surprise change here as Gomez is replaced by Kulusevski.,0
WHAT A STRIKE!!! Atalanta 1-2 Milan – Calhanoglu sends the away fans wild with a stunning effort from the edge of the box. Atalanta defender Hateboer produced a poor clearance and Calhanoglu reacted quickest so that he could have a shot. He took one touch out of his feet before smashing the ball past Berisha.,1
Asst: R. RodríguezGOAALLLLLLL! Atalanta 1-1 Milan - Sublime. Simply sublime from Piatek with what looks like the last kick of the first half. Milan looked destined to share the lead at the break, but Rodriguez decided to carry the ball over halfway. Piatek demanded the ball and it came from the left wing and he has somehow managed to volley over his shoulder and into the far corner.,1
Asst: J. IličičWHAT A GOAL!!!!! Atalanta 1-0 Milan - Gasperini's troops keep the ball for over a minute and pass their way around the park. They eventually get into the box and Illcic cuts the ball back looking for a team-mate. Two or three Atalanta players make their way into the box and it is Freuler that fires towards goal. His right-footed shot is saved by Donnarumma but he does not do enough and it trickles over the line behind him.,1
uso joins De Roon in the book after he chops down Castagne on the left touchline.,2
De Roon becomes the first man to be carded tonight after a lazy tackle in midfield. The former Middlesbrough man was on the floor before bringing down Paqueta.,2
Milot RashicaNorwich City · Midfielder #17Norwich make a late substitution. Idah replaces Rashica up front.,0
rentford squander their latest venture into the final third. Aarons is booked for time-wasting.,2
Teemu PukkiNorwich City · Striker #22Norwich make another change. Pukki heads off. The American Sargent replaces him up front.,0
Kieran DowellNorwich City · Midfielder #10Norwich make their first substitution. Giannoulis replaces Dowell. It looks like Norwich are changing to a 3-5-2.,0
Rico HenryBrentford · Midfielder #3Here's Brentford's latest change. Their goalscorer Henry goes off. Their Finnish forward Forss comes on.,0
sst: S. GhoddosGOAL! BRENTFORD 1-2 NORWICH CITY! Ghoddos' great cross from the right sails over everyone in Norwich yellow and lands to Henry at the far post. All Henry has to do is steer the ball into the open net.,1
Omobamidele barges into Ghoddos and gives away a free-kick. The Irishman is also shown the yellow card.,2
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Brentford make an offensive change at half-time. Janelt makes way for Ghoddos.,0
Normann is booked for a crude challenge on Janelt. Norwich's Norwegian has been in the thick of the action so far.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! BRENTFORD 0-2 NORWICH CITY! Pukki coolly steps up and sweeps the penalty into the bottom left corner of the goal, sending Fernandez the wrong way. Norwich have scored twice and their fans must think they're dreaming!,1
oode is booked for bringing Pukki down. The Norwich striker will now get the chance to double his team's lead from the penalty spot.,2
Mathias JørgensenBrentford · Defender #22Zanka trudges off. Goode replaces him at centre-back for Brentford.,0
GOAL! BRENTFORD 0-1 NORWICH CITY! Toney's shanked clearance lands to Normann who jinks through the middle and slots into the bottom right corner from the edge of the box. Norwich have taken the lead for the first time this season!,1
Toney picks up an early yellow card for raking the calf of Omobamidele. It's a poor challenge by the Brentford striker.,2
Gloukh is booked now for preventing a quick free-kick being taken.,2
banez is cautioned for dissent for his protests at the referee giving a goal-kick to the hosts.,2
sst: S. PavlovićGOAL!!! Salzburg take the lead!!! Pavlovic works the space for a cross, and his pinpoint delivery finds the head of Capaldo. The midfielder's powerful header flies into the back of the net, giving Patricio no chance. The hosts lead 1-0 with what could end up being a massive goal in the tie.,1
Koita is yellow-carded for standing in the way of a Roma free-kick.,2
Pavlovic is booked for bringing down Belotti, meaning he will miss the return leg.,2
Tammy AbrahamRoma · Striker #9Abraham comes off for Belotti up top for the visitors.,0
Paulo DybalaRoma · Midfielder #21Dybala makes way for Celik at the break.,0
Asst: R. FirminoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 4-0!!!! Liverpool have their fourth goal as Salah bundles an effort home from close range. He starts the move by releasing Firmino into the right inside channel. The Brazilian tries to get the better of Stephens and does enough to poke the ball back to his team-mate. Salah's strike deflects off Stephens and back onto himself before rolling over the line.,1
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14Lallana replaces Henderson for the closing stages.,0
Moussa DjenepoSouthampton · Midfielder #12Boufal replaces Djenepo after a lively game for the winger.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5Minamino replaces Wijnaldum for the home side.,0
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Striker #15Oxlade-Chamberlain is withdrawn for Keita in the Liverpool midfield.,0
Asst: J. HendersonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 3-0!!! Liverpool surely secure the three points this afternoon as Salah slots his effort past McCarthy from close range. Alisson kicks the ball deep down the right flank and Henderson pursues. He guides the ball over the top for Salah in the inside channel. He angles himself to strike on his left foot and beats the Southampton keeper with his effort.,1
Danny IngsSouthampton · Striker #9Ings has played extremely well without scoring, and now he makes way for Adams.,0
Shane LongSouthampton · Striker #7Obafemi replaces Long, who has worked tirelessly this afternoon.,0
Ward-Prowse brings down Oxlade-Chamberlain on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: R. FirminoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! HENDERSON MAKES IT TWO!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!! The Reds get a vital second goal to provide a sense of security in the game. A hopeful long ball forward from Alexander-Arnold finds Firmino in space on the left flank. He runs into the box before squaring the ball for Henderson. The Liverpool captain picks his spot and drills his attempt past McCarthy.,1
Asst: R. FirminoGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! OXLADE-CHAMBERLAIN PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!! 1-0!! The midfielder scores his second goal of the week to ease the tension at Anfield. After Ings' penalty claim, the Reds break down the left and Firmino works the ball to Oxlade-Chamberlain. There's still work to do as the midfielder cuts in from the left flank and opens up space for a strike. He sends a firm strike towards the bottom-left corner and it travels through a crowd of players to beat an unsighted McCarthy.,1
Evan NdickaEintracht Frankfurt · Defender #2Ndicka, who has had a poor game, makes way for Kohr in a final change from Frankfurt boss Hutter.,0
Ramy BensebainiMönchengladbach · Defender #25Wendt – who will reach a landmark 100th win in a Gladbach shirt should the visitors claim the points, as seems likely – is on in place of Bensebaini.,0
Daichi KamadaEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #15Frankfurt have also made a change, their fourth of the game. Gacinovic has replaced Kamada.,0
Breel EmboloMönchengladbach · Striker #36A double change now for Gladbach. Stindl is on, replacing Embolo.,0
Stefan IlsankerEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #3Chandler, meanwhile, has come on in place of llskanker, who has struggled to make an impact.,0
Marcus ThuramMönchengladbach · Midfielder #10A first change for Gladbach. Thuram, who appears to have suffered a knock, has made way for Herrmann, whose pace will add yet another dimension to the visitors' attack, especially on the counter.,0
Djibril SowEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #8There has indeed been one change for Frankfurt. Silva is on, in place of the ineffective Sow.,0
nother booking for a Frankfurt player, and this time it is the full-back Ndicka – who is reportedly a target for Arsenal and Liverpool – who gets a card for a late lunge on Thuram.,2
Kostic is involved again a moment later, though now the Eintracht playmaker is picking up the game’s first booking, having flung out an arm at Lainer.,2
Asst: J. HofmannGOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! What a return to action that is for Gladbach! A long ball is looped over for Plea, who plays a clever one-two with Hoffman before slotting home a low finish across Trapp and putting the visitors ahead.,1
Elliott's frustration gets the better of him as he goes through the back of Ceballos to win the ball back. He's shown a late yellow card.,2
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10And Modric is also taken off, with Kroos on for him.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Madrid's last change is a double one. Benzema won't get the chance to go for a hat-trick as he's replaced by Asensio.,0
Stefan BajčetićLiverpool · Midfielder #43Final roll of the dice for Liverpool now as Elliott comes on in place of Bajcetic.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Second change for Madrid now, and Rodrygo makes his way off the far side of the pitch so Ceballos can replace him.,0
Jordan HendersonLiverpool · Midfielder #14And Henderson is also going off, handing the armband to Milner, who comes on in his place.,0
Joe GomezLiverpool · Defender #2Another double change for Liverpool now. Gomez, who has had a pretty torrid second half, is replaced by Matip.,0
sst: V. JúniorBENZEMA SCORES AGAIN! Madrid break quickly on the counter, and Liverpool just can't cope with it. Modric bundles it to Vinicius, and he slides it through Van Dijk's legs to Benzema. Alisson rushes out, but he coolly takes it around him before firing his shot past three Liverpool defenders and into the top corner. 5-2 Madrid!,1
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #27And Nunez is also making way, with Jota on for him.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Liverpool's first change is a double one as they look to get back into this tie. Gakpo is the first to go off, with Firmino replacing him.,0
Vinicius is the first player to go into the referee's book as he refuses to retreat so that Liverpool can take their free-kick.,2
sst: RodrygoBENZEMA SCORES! What a turnaround by Madrid! Bajcetic can't clear his lines and Carvajal knocks it back out to Rodrygo. He touches it into Benzema, who gets it out of his feet before poking a shot on goal. It takes a big deflection off Gomez's thigh which completely wrongfoots Alisson as it hits the net. 4-2 Madrid!,1
sst: L. ModrićMILITAO SCORES! It was a clumsy challenge from Gomez on Vinicius and it's cost Liverpool! Modric whips the free-kick in from just outside the area on the left and Militao loses his marker to have a free header from the edge of the six-yard box. He thumps his header through the crowd and into the back of the net. 3-2 Madrid!,1
VINICIUS SCORES AGAIN! And this time, it's Alisson who's at fault! Gomez does well to intercept the pass into Vinicius and he knocks it back to the keeper. He attempts to play it straight back to Gomez, not seeing Vinicius closing him down, and the pass hits him and loops straight into the empty net. 2-2!,1
David AlabaReal Madrid · Defender #4Alaba does make his way straight off the pitch with the medical team, and it's Nacho that's on to replace him.,0
Asst: K. BenzemaVINICIUS PULLS ONE BACK! It's lovely stuff from the Brazilian, who gets away from Fabinho with a lovely bit of footwork before playing a one-two with Benzema as he cuts inside from the left. Nobody closes him down and he whips a great shot past Alisson into the far side of the net. 2-1!,1
SALAH SCORES! And it's a moment to forget for Courtois! Carvajal cuts off Gakpo's run down the left and knocks it back to the keeper. Courtois is looking to take his time, but it bounces awkwardly off his knee, wrongfooting him, and Salah is on the spot to fire it past into the back of the net. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
Asst: M. SalahWHAT A GOAL! And what a start for Liverpool! Salah drives down the right, and Alaba backs off, allowing him space to fizz a low cross into the middle. Nunez times his run perfectly and goes for an audacious backheel flick that comes off as it flies past Courtois into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
Asst: M. Da GracaGOOOOAAAALLL!! JUVENTUS 4-0 SPAL!! Da Graca is denied by Berisha from a half-volley. Juve add a fourth goal to their tally from the next attack, though, as Chiesa rounds Berisha and walks the ball into the back of the net.,1
Nicolò FagioliJuventus · Midfielder #41Fagioli hobbles to the sidelines and is replaced by United States international McKennie.,0
Simone MissiroliSPAL · Midfielder #7SPAL make another change as Viviani comes on for Missiroli. The visitors' cup run is very nearly at an end.,0
Rabiot barges into Seck and is cautioned by the referee. The yellow he was issued in the first half was rescinded, remember, following a VAR check.,2
Merih DemiralJuventus · Defender #28Pirlo is taking no risks. Demiral has looked a little heated and is replaced by Da Graca late on.,0
Demiral and then Chiesa fly in and the latter is cautioned by the referee Ivano Pezzuto as he was a little late.,2
aloti is cautioned for a foul on Fagioli with 10 minutes to go in Turin.,2
Asst: F. ChiesaGOOOAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 3-0 SPAL!! Kulusevski makes certain of Juve's place in the semi-finals with a composed finish past Berisha when played in by Chiesa. The visitors have been pressing for a goal and were left a little exposed at the back, not helped by Tomovic's poor attempted clearance.,1
Gianluca FrabottaJuventus · Defender #38Alex Sandro, looking to build up his fitness after recovering from coronavirus, is on for Frabotta for the final 25 minutes or so.,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Morata is unable to shake off a foot problem and has been replaced by Chiesa.,0
Sergio FloccariSPAL · Striker #10Floccari was lively in the first half but has been quiet since the restart and has now been replaced by Moro.,0
Salvatore EspositoSPAL · Midfielder #6Valoti takes over from Esposito as Pasquale Marino makes another double change.,0
Luca RanieriSPAL · Defender #3SPAL have made a couple of changes at the break. Ranieri, who perhaps could have done more to prevent Juve's second goal, is replaced by Sala.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #33Bernardeschi picked up an injury towards the end of the first half and has been taken off at half-time. Di Pardo is brought on for his senior debut.,0
Francesco VicariSPAL · Defender #23Vicari, who gave away the penalty that Morata converted, is off and Tomovic on in his place.,0
Asst: D. KulusevskiGOOOOAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 2-0 SPAL!! The Serie A giants move a step closer to the semi-finals thanks to Frabotta's drive. Kulusevski does brilliantly by turning Ranieri inside out and then pulling the ball back into a dangerous zone. Fagioli leaves it and Frabotta picks his spot past Berisha.,1
enalty GoalGOOOAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 1-0 SPAL!! Morata sends Berisha the wrong way and Juve have the lead. In real time it looked as though Rabiot attempted to con the officials for that penalty decision, but Vicari definitely made contact.,1
Asst: D. ZapataGOOOALLL!!! This might not be over just yet!!! Zapata overpowers Messias on the byline and crosses through a fleet of Milan defenders to the unmarked Pasalic. He has all the time in the world to pick his shot, and finishes past Maignan to make it 3-2!!!! We're into the last minute and this game is hotting up once again!!,1
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Pietro Pellegri comes on for Milan, replacing the scorer of his team's third goal in Leao, who has been everywhere for the away side tonight.,0
Leão is the next to be booked, as he takes far too long taking a throw-in up the field and is rightfully carded by the referee.,2
Remo FreulerAtalanta · Midfielder #11Captain Freuler is replaced by Mario Pasalic for Atalanta. He'll be glad to see the back of this game, as he was dispossessed all too easily by Tonali, for Milan's second goal.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOALLL!!! Atalanta are finally on the board!! Zapata steps up for the penalty, and makes no mistake in sending Maignan the wrong way to make it 3-1! A consolation goal in what has been a dismal performance by Atalanta's usual high standards.,1
Messias is booked for blocking Zappacosta's shot with his hand. It's Mike Maignan who'll be more bothered though, as his clean sheet may now be eradicated!,2
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Fodé Ballo-Touré is also introduced, replacing Theo Hernandez who like Tonali, has been excellent for Milan in this game.,0
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8The impressive Tonali is replaced by Bennacaer, and the former is cheered loudly by the travelling Milan supporters.,0
Asst: T. HernándezGOOOOALLL!!! That surely wraps it up for Milan! Messias and Hernandez break forward and the substitute selflessly leaves Hernandez's throughball for Leao to latch onto, who makes no mistake in firing the ball past Musso to make it 3-0 to Milan!! Game, set and match? It's beyond any reasonable doubt now.,1
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Diaz is withdrawn by Milan manager Stefano Pioli, and Brazilian loanee Junior Messias takes his place.,0
Ruslan MalinovskyiAtalanta · Striker #18Likewise, Malinovskiy, who has somewhat impressed, is brought off for the ever-dangerous Josip Ilicic.,0
Joakim MæhleAtalanta · Midfielder #3Maehle is withdrawn in place of Colombian striker Luis Muriel, as Atalanta look to spark a greater attacking impetus further up the pitch.,0
Tomori picks up Milan's first booking having pulled back Maehle as the Atalanta wing-back looked to break away.,2
Merih DemiralAtalanta · Defender #28Atalanta have introduced Teun Koopmeiners in place of Demiral, with their summer signing from AZ likely to play in defensive midfield.,0
OOOALLL!!! Milan double their lead! Tonali easily dispossesses Freuler and is one-on-one with Musso, and the Italy international calmly side-foots a deft shot past the goalkeeper to make it 2-0 to Milan!,1
Diaz is booked by the referee having vehemently protested De Roon's challenges, but then does the exact same to Malinovskiy!,2
De Roon again brings down Hernandez, in an almost identical position, and as a result receives the first booking of the match.,2
Matteo PessinaAtalanta · Midfielder #32Pessina is indeed replaced, by on-loan Roma defender Giuseppe Pezzella.,0
OOOOALLLLL!!!! WHAT A START FOR MILAN!!!! With just seconds on the clock, a delightful throughball from Hernandez finds Calabria of all people, and despite Musso saving his first shot, the Milan captain is on hand to tap in the rebound!!! Wow, just wow, we did not see that coming and Milan are 1-0 up inside thirty seconds!!!,1
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde's game is over. He's replaced by James, who can relax knowing that Madrid have already got the job done.,0
vila gets his name in the referee's book for a slightly reckless tackle on Militao.,2
Asst: CasemiroGOAL! 2-0 MADRID! Madrid have sealed the win now, and Rodrygo did it all by himself! The Brazilian races towards Osasuna's box from the halfway line, jinks inside on his right foot and rolls the ball low under Martinez! The teenage Brazilian takes a bow. VAR takes a look but it'll count this time! ,1
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Midfielder #25Vinicius goes off to applause from the Madrid fans - his goal may well prove to be the difference. Rodrygo replaces him. ,0
Robert IbáñezOsasuna · Midfielder #17Osasuna's last substitution is here - Ibanez off. Torres on.,0
Marc CardonaOsasuna · Striker #7Cardona, who's been equally ineffective, also leaves the field. Avila's on for him. ,0
BrandonOsasuna · Striker #11Osasuna decide to change their strike pairing. First, Brandon off. Villar on.,0
acho gets a deserved yellow card for holding back Moncayola as he looks to break forward. Seconds later, Kroos hits the deck but play is called back to Madrid's chagrin.,2
Lillo gets booked for losing a foot race with Nacho towards the corner flag and completely misreading the bounce of the ball, kicking straight through the Madrid full back. Madrid free-kick.,2
Asst: T. KroosGOAL! 1-0 MADRID! What a lovely goal by Vinicius! He's barely been in the game so far. Vinicius picks up the ball on the edge of the box, takes one step onto his right foot and curls the ball past Martinez! The Brazilian looks ecstatic.,1
ilitao gets an early yellow card for tripping Garcia when he turns the Madrid defender in the centre of the pitch.,2
Meite is the next Fiorentina player to get booked for his reaction after getting caught offside. Kessie had tried to play him through.,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluMilan · Midfielder #10Milan substitution. Meite is on for Calhanoglu who looks like being the matchwinner for the visitors.,0
Kouame is shown a yellow card for that foul on Dalot. Fiorentina look to be ending the game empty-handed.,2
Lucas Martínez QuartaFiorentina · Defender #2Fiorentina make a few changes. Martinez Quarta has been struggling to handle Diaz. The Ivorian forward Kouame comes on for him.,0
Erick PulgarFiorentina · Midfielder #78One of Fiorentina's goalscorers Pulgar is next to make way. Callejon is on.,0
Asst: F. KessiéGOAL! FIORENTINA 2-3 AC MILAN! Milan are back in front! Fiorentina lose possession from a throw-in and Kessie quickly finds Calhanoglu in the box. The Turkish midfielder calmly rolls the ball through a mass of Fiorentina defenders into the bottom right corner.,1
Gaetano CastrovilliFiorentina · Midfielder #10Fiorentina substitution. Venuti comes on for Castrovilli who's faded since the half-time break.,0
Alexis SaelemaekersMilan · Midfielder #56It's another like-for-like change by Milan. Castillejo is on for the quiet Saelemaekers.,0
Sandro TonaliMilan · Midfielder #8Milan make a few substitutions which they were preparing before they scored. Bennacer is on for Tonali first.,0
Asst: S. KjærGOAL! FIORENTINA 2-2 AC MILAN! We're level again! Kjaer heads Milan's latest corner towards goal and Diaz bundles it into the net from close range! This game is great fun.,1
sst: D. VlahovićGOAL! FIORENTINA 2-1 AC MILAN! Ribery scores with a great strike to give the hosts the lead! Vlahovic holds up Eysseric's cross from the right in the box and lays it off. Ribery arrives on the scene to curl it into the net from the edge of the box.,1
onali picks up a yellow card for leaving a trailing leg on Ribery. This is too far out for Pulgar so Eysseric will take the free-kick.,2
Bartłomiej DrągowskiFiorentina · Goalkeeper #69Dragowski walks off the pitch. The injury doesn't look too bad but he won't be able to continue. Terracciano replaces him in goal for Fiorentina.,0
Calhanoglu is booked for appealing too hard for a Ribery handball that wasn't. ,2
GOAL! FIORENTINA 1-1 AC MILAN! It's a fantastic free-kick by Pulgar! The Chilean steps up and sweeps the free-kick into the top left corner. Donnarumma gets a hand to it but can do nothing about it finding the roof of the net.,1
Asst: S. KjærGOAL! FIORENTINA 0-1 AC MILAN! Milan get up and running right away. It's a simple goal as Ibrahimovic latches onto Kjaer's ball over the top to get through on goal. The Swede hits his effort into the turf and it bounces past Dragowski into the far bottom corner.,1
VitinhaPSG · Midfielder #17Soler is given a chance to impress with Vitinha recalled to the bench.,0
T CROSSED THE LINE! 1-1! Former PSG forward Gameiro has come on and scored within two minutes, in his last match for the club that gave him his professional debut! The substitute gets into the penalty area and squares a pass for Sanson, whose first-time effort is saved well by Donnarumma. Not dealing with the rebound, the goalkeeper allows Gameiro to latch on to the loose ball and scoop it over him from close range, putting it just over the line for the equaliser!,1
Ibrahima SissokoStrasbourg · Midfielder #27Strasbourg make an attacking change as they continue to search for the equaliser. Sissoko makes way, with Gameiro taking his place.,0
erratti catches the heels of Bellegarde inside the centre-circle and picks up his 14th yellow card of the season.,2
Colin DagbaStrasbourg · Midfielder #2The pause in play allows the hosts to make a substitution, with Dagba replaced by Lienard.,0
Asst: K. MbappeMESSI MAKES THE DIFFERENCE! 1-0 PSG! Pereira hits a lovely switch of play to Mbappe on the left wing, who brings it down with a superb touch under pressure from Perrin. The France international then works an inch of space to play a pass to Messi, who receives the ball in his stride before lashing a left-footed shot into the roof of the net!,1
Looking to prevent a counter-attack following an unsuccessful corner, Diarra tugs Sanches’ kit to slow him down. The winger is shown a yellow card for the infringement - the second of the game.,2
Vitinha is shown the first yellow card of the match just six minutes in, for cynically and forcefully tripping Diarra up during a Strasbourg counter-attack.,2
Riyad MahrezMan City · Striker #26Off goes one of City's goalscorers, Mahrez, who is replaced by Sterling.,0
Mateu MoreyDortmund · Defender #2Dortmund’s other switch sees Morey go off, with Tigges coming on.,0
Jude BellinghamDortmund · Midfielder #22A double change for Dortmund. Bellingham, who was terrific in the first half but has been unable to get into the play since the restart, making way for Brandt.,0
Mahmoud DahoudDortmund · Midfielder #8It’s 4-2 now to City in the tie, and any chance of extra-time has been dashed. Dortmund have responded with an attacking change, the creative Hazard replacing Dahoud.,0
Asst: B. SilvaGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!! FODEN MAKES IT 2-1 TO CITY! Is that the strike that finally settles this tie? It’s a thunderous effort from the youngster, who set himself with a wonderful first touch before crashing an effort in off the right-hand upright. Hitz could have perhaps done better, but the power Foden generated was extraordinary.,1
Ansgar KnauffDortmund · Striker #36A change for Dortmund. Knauff, having been unable to impact the game from an attacking perspective, has made way for Reyna.,0
Penalty GoalMAHREZ MAKES NO MISTAKE! After waiting what felt like an age to step up, the Algerian drills a fantastic finish beyond Hitz and into the right-hand corner. It’s 1-1 on the night, and 3-2 to City on aggregate!,1
A first booking of the game goes the way of Dortmund goalscorer Bellingham, who dragged back Foden.,2
GOAL! DORTMUND TAKE THE LEAD! Well, Haaland is the player who has been grabbing the headlines at Dortmund but it is Bellingham who has just put the German side ahead! A ball fell kindly to him in the area and, after taking a quality first touch, he curls a shot around Dias and Ederson can only parry it into the top-right corner. It’s 1-0 Dortmund!,1
ilipe Luis catches Grandsir late and goes into the book, handing Monaco a free-kick on the right flank.,2
Savic is dismissed for a second bookable offence for his handball, although it didn't seem he could do a lot about it.,3
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Striker #10Saul replaces Correa for the home side.,0
Biancone pulls back Correa down the left flank and goes into the book.,2
Aleksandr GolovinMonaco · Striker #17Thuram is on for the visitors to replace Golovin.,0
Nacer ChadliMonaco · Midfielder #20Chadli makes way for Diop in the middle of the park for Monaco.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Kalinic replaces Lemar for the home side.,0
Savic catches Raggi with an elbow into the midriff from the resulting corner and he goes into the book.,2
Moussa SyllaMonaco · Striker #34Former Atletico forward Falcao enters the field to applause as he replaces Sylla for the visitors.,0
KokeAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #6Vitolo replaces Koke at the break for the home side.,0
riezmann catches Golovin with a slightly late challenge and goes into the book. A harsh one from the referee.,2
sst: Á. CorreaGOALLLLLLLL!!! GRIEZMANN SCORES!!! 2-0 ATLETICO! Simeone's men double their advantage as Griezmann converts from close range. Correa did the damage down the left flank cutting open the visitors' backline. He squared an offload to the Frenchman, who had time to control the ball before placing an effort into the bottom corner. It's all too easy for Atletico.,1
sst: A. GriezmannGOALLLLLLLLL!!! KOKE FINDS THE NET WITH THE AID OF A DEFLECTION! ATLETICO 1-0! Disaster for Monaco as the home side take the lead. Koke is allowed to raid to the edge of the box before firing at goal. His effort takes a deflection off Badiashile, which wrong foots Benaglio and rolls into the back of the net.,1
Andreas ChristensenBarcelona · Defender #15Martinez also comes on in the heart of Barca's defence, with Christensen withdrawn.,0
Robert LewandowskiBarcelona · Striker #9Lewandowski makes way for Raphinha as Xavi looks to eat up some valuable seconds. The Brazilian is back from suspension after being sent off on matchday one.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAL! LEWANDOWSKI CONVERTS! 2-1! Lewandowski sends Fernandez the wrong way, rolling his spot-kick into the bottom-right corner. Osasuna now have a mountain to climb, they are a goal down and a man down!,1
THE PENALTY STANDS, AND CATENA IS OFF! The referee watches the incident back after showing Catena a yellow card. He upgrades it to a red card, deeming the defender to have denied a clear goalscoring opportunity. There was also a question as to whether Lewandowski handled the ball in the build-up, but the spot-kick stands.,3
De Jong is booked as players from both sides remonstrate with the referee. Lewandowski now has the chance to restore Barca's lead...,2
Jesús AresoOsasuna · Defender #12Areso gets a standing ovation as he makes way for Osasuna. Vidal replaces him at right-back.,0
Oriol RomeuBarcelona · Midfielder #18Xavi makes a very attacking switch as Joao Felix comes on for his Blaugrana debut, replacing Romeu.,0
sst: J. AresoGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAL! CHIMY AVILA LEVELS WITH A BRILLIANT STRIKE! Barcelona are stunned as Areso gets forward from right-back to find Chimy Avila on the edge of the area. Having missed from a similar spot just a couple of minutes ago, the Argentine makes no mistake, shifting the ball to his left foot before crashing a shot in off Ter Stegen's right-hand post! 1-1!,1
José ArnaizOsasuna · Midfielder #20Osasuna change their entire front three, with Chimy Avila on for Arnaiz, who has been a thorn in Barcelona's side all game.,0
Raúl GarcíaOsasuna · Striker #23Budimir is also on, with Raul Garcia withdrawn.,0
Rubén García SantosOsasuna · Midfielder #14That will be Ruben Garcia's final involvement, as he is replaced by Kike Barja.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20Here come those Barca changes. Cancelo replaces Roberto for his Barca debut, with the departing right-back handing the captain's armband to Ter Stegen.,0
Lamine YamalBarcelona · Striker #27Torres, meanwhile, replaces Yamal. The 16-year-old's first LaLiga goal will have to wait!,0
Asst: İ. GündoğanGOOOOOAAAAAAL! KOUNDE SCORES! Gundogan's delivery from the right is met by Kounde, who glances his header into the bottom-left corner. Ibanez is down inside the area appealing for a foul, however, and there will be a VAR check on the goal…,1
Areso's hesitation allows Gavi to steal possession, and the Osasuna right-back hauls him down to stop the break. He is deservedly booked.,2
ewandowski thrusts an arm into the face of his marker and is cautioned. He needs to calm down to avoid a repeat of last season's dismissal on this ground.,2
Dawidowicz pushes Ronaldo over from behind just outside the penalty area. It's a yellow for the Verona player.,2
Federico ChiesaJuventus · Midfielder #22Chiesa is withdrawn as Pirlo sends Di Pardo on for his second appearance in a Juve kit. ,0
Mattia ZaccagniVerona · Midfielder #20The second change sees the ever-involved Zaccagni replaced by Bessa. ,0
Davide FaraoniVerona · Midfielder #5Hellas Verona make two changes with just over five minutes left - the first of which sees Faraoni replaced by Dawidowicz. ,0
sst: D. LazovićHELLAS VERONA FIND THE EQUALISER WITH UNDER 15 MINUTES LEFT! The hosts fully deserve to get back into the match, and do so with relative ease after Lazovic’s chipped cross from the left is met by the head of Barak - who rises higher than Alex Sandro to nod the ball in! 1-1! ,1
Aaron RamseyJuventus · Midfielder #8Pirlo makes Juve's first change of the match, sending McKennie on for the booked Ramsey. ,0
Stefano SturaroVerona · Midfielder #33Sturaro hasn't had a great day against his former team and he'll be replaced with just over 20 minutes left. Vieira is on in his place. ,0
Federico DimarcoVerona · Midfielder #3Juric makes a change as he's forced to chase the game, replacing Dimarco with Lazovic. ,0
sst: F. ChiesaRONALDO OPENS THE SCORING! It’s a simple goal for the Portugal international, who makes a late run into the penalty area and gets on the end of Chiesa’s square pass - tucking it past Silvestri with a first-time shot! 1-0 to the Bianconeri!,1
Ivan IlićVerona · Midfielder #14Hellas Verona make a swap at the half, with Veloso replacing Ilic. ,0
arak brings Alex Sandro down right in front of the referee and earns himself a late yellow card.,2
n a little bit of retaliation, De Ligt climbs over Lasagna during an attempt to win an aerial duel - sending the striker to the ground. The referee shows the Juventus defender a yellow card, much to De Ligt’s amazement.,2
amsey steps in and catches Zaccagni, who was streaking through midfield at full-pace. It’s a yellow card for the Wales international - who is adamant he got there first.,2
Asst: D. AlabaGOAL! 5-1! ROBBEN GETS IN ON THE ACT! It's almost too perfect as substitute Robben adds the fifth goal in his final Bayern game. It's a simple tap-in at the far post, connecting with Alaba's low cross across the six-yard box. Lewandowski deserves credit, too, for his part, playing a chipped throughball over the defence and into Alaba initially.,1
ibery is shown a yellow card for taking his shirt off during his celebration.,2
sst: J. KimmichGOAAAAL! RIBERY MAKES IT 4-1! The Frenchman comes off the bench to put the game out of sight and end Eintracht's hopes of European football! He holds his shirt up to the adoring home crowd and they're loving it! What a goal, too, as the Frenchman weaves between two defenders to get into the box and lift his shot above Trapp and into the goal.,1
hiago goes into the book for a bad tackle from behind on Kostic.,2
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #22Now the result is almost beyond doubt, it's time to introduce Robben for his final Bayern appearance and he comes on for Gnabry.,0
Ante RebićEintracht Frankfurt · Striker #4Rebic has been quiet today and he comes off for Torro.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Ribery is getting himself ready in the dugout and it's one Frenchman coming off for another as Coman makes way after a fantastic performance.,0
Asst: K. ComanGOAAAAAL! SANCHES MAKES IT 3-1! Gnabry's miss thankfully proves inconsequential as substitute Sanches scores the third only seconds later! Coman leads the attack down the left, feeds Sanches on the overlap and the midfielder gets to the byline, cuts back inside and finishes from a very tight angle into the bottom-right corner. Bayern are cruising to the title!,1
GOAAAAL! BAYERN 2-1! Frankfurt's hopes are short-lived! Alaba gets the goal as he chases down Muller's shot from the edge of the box and he's first to the loose ball following Trapp's save with the simplest of close range finishes to restore the lead!,1
Hasebe is the second Frankfurt player to go into the book as he's shown a yellow card for a bad foul on Lewandowski.,2
OAAAAL! BAYERN 1-1 FRANKFURT! It's game on in Bavaria as Haller equalises with his first real contribution since coming on! It's Kostic's corner that sets up the chance as it arrives at Abraham at the far post, but his shot hits the bar and drops ever so perfectly for Haller to tap in to an empty net.,1
Jonathan de GuzmánEintracht Frankfurt · Midfielder #6Something had to change for Frankfurt and De Guzman, a midfielder, is coming off for Haller, a striker.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #18Goretzka's game is over and Bayern boss Niko Kovac is forced into a first-half change, bringing on Sanches.,0
Hinteregger is the first into the referee's book after a late challenge on Lewandowski. This is a battle that is likely to continue throughout the game, but the centre-back will have to be careful from now on.,2
Asst: T. MüllerGOAL! BAYERN TAKE A 1-0 LEAD! They're heading to their seventh straight title as Coman gives the hosts a very early lead! Lewandowski holds the ball up well and lays it off to Muller outside the box, who slips in Coman to finish low under Trapp into the bottom-right corner.,1
For a cynical hack on Wissa, who was trying to escape on the break, Mac Allister is booked.,2
Penalty Goal3-3!!! Finally, Brighton have their equaliser! A superb spot-kick from Mac Allister beats the brilliant Raya, as he rifles the ball into the top-right corner with an unstoppable shot! Can the Seagulls now find a winner?,1
or handling Undav's shot at goal, Hickey concedes a penalty and is shown a yellow card.,2
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8The latest in a series of substitutions from either side sees Jensen departing the scene, to be replaced by Ghoddos.,0
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Undav is also on, with Welbeck making way.,0
Pervis EstupiñánBrighton · Defender #30Brighton now go all-in, making a double change for the final few minutes. First, Buonanotte replaces Estupinan.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Wissa comes on to provide fresh legs for Brentford up front, as Mbeumo is withdrawn.,0
Mikkel DamsgaardBrentford · Midfielder #24Frank now responds by taking off Damsgaard and introducing Dasilva.,0
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34De Zerbi moves first, sending on Enciso for Veltman.,0
sst: B. MbeumoBRENTFORD BACK IN FRONT! This remarkable see-saw game continues in the same vein! Pinnock strikes at the back post, turning the ball home with a controlled finish to meet Mbeumo's cross from a free-kick! It's now 3-2 to the Bees, who are well and truly buzzing again!,1
Asst: S. March2-2! Brighton draw level again! On his 400th league appearance, Welbeck finds the net. March drops his shoulder on the right, then drops a perfect cross into the striker's path at the back post; he then heads it down into the ground and past Raya! Four goals in less than 30 minutes at the Amex!,1
Asst: B. MbeumoTONEY STRIKES! Incredibly, Brentford are back in front! Having just conceded an equaliser, the visitors turn to their Mbeumo-Toney double act to go 2-1 ahead! The former flicks the ball through from the left, before Toney coolly finds the bottom-right corner with a sidefoot finish!,1
Asst: J. SteeleBRIGHTON DRAW LEVEL! Rewarded for their dominance, Brighton go 'route one' to equalise! Steele's long pass out from deep skips clear of Hickey and into the path of Mitoma, and the winger finishes with a tidy lob into the net, with Raya left stranded: it's 1-1 at the Amex!,1
Asst: M. JensenBRENTFORD LEAD! The Bees' first real attack results in a goal! From a throw-in on the left, Jensen swings over a superb cross to the near post, which Jansson leaps highest to meet with a powerful header into the back of the net! It's 1-0 to Brentford, against the early run of play!,1
ntonio goes in the book after tripping Lamptey as he tries to start a counter-attack.,2
sst: T. LampteyGOAL! The ten men of Brighton have equalised! Lamptey whips in a cross from the right and Maupay acrobatically puts it in the top left-hand corner!,1
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22Lanzini, who scored a belter last time out, comes on for Benrahma. ,0
Joël VeltmanBrighton · Defender #34The more attacking Lamptey is on for Veltman. ,0
Adam WebsterBrighton · Defender #4Brighton are in a spot of trouble here. One goal down and now two injuries for them to contend with. Duffy comes on for the injured Webster. ,0
Jeremy SarmientoBrighton · Midfielder #60It's a real disappointment for Sarmiento on his full debut, as he limps off the pitch. March comes on in his place. ,0
Asst: P. FornalsA corner comes in from the left-hand side and Soucek rises highest to nod it home! The corner was right on top of the goalkeeper but he was rooted to the spot as the ball sailed past him. ,1
Morata sends Mawson sprawling with a challenge and is handed a yellow card for his efforts.,2
Asst: E. HazardRUBEN LOFTUS-CHEEK! 2-0 TO CHELSEA! That puts the game to bed for sure at Stamford Bridge as the England man, on off the bench, is given a beauty of a square ball from Hazard on the right of the box and simply lifts it over Rico at the near post. The Blues haven't been at their best but look set to be back to winning ways in the Premier League.,1
Marcos AlonsoChelsea · Defender #3Chelsea make their last change now, throwing on Zappacosta to replace Alonso.,0
Tom CairneyFulham · Midfielder #10Fulham make their final change of the game with Cairney replaced by Kebano.,0
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18The Blues make their second swap, introducing Morata for Giroud.,0
Azpilicueta is brandished a yellow card now for a reckless challenge on Cairney. Still no goals in this second half.,2
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Loftus-Cheek arrives to replace Kovacic as Chelsea make their first change.,0
doi brings down Pedro in the aftermath of the chance for Chambers and he is shown a yellow card as a result.,2
Ryan SessegnonFulham · Striker #3The Cottagers also replace Sessegnon with Kamara in their second change.,0
Stefan JohansenFulham · Midfielder #8Fulham make a pair of changes at the break; Johansen is replaced by Ayite for the first.,0
Asst: N. KantéPEDRO FOR CHELSEA! 1-0! It’s the first attack of the game from the Blues and they make Fulham pay dearly! Kante pinches the ball from under Seri’s feet on halfway and breaks towards goal, playing Pedro in on the right. The forward simply steps back around the last man and buries a strike past Rico into the bottom-left corner.,1
Barja is shown a yellow card for the handball offense just three minutes after coming onto the pitch!,2
David Garcia is also shown a yellow card, with his protestations too much for the referee to deal with.,2
Aimar OrozOsasuna · Midfielder #10Raul Garcia will look to make his mark, with Oroz taken off in a substitution for Osasuna.,0
Rubén PeñaOsasuna · Striker #15Barja comes on for Pena in Osasuna's final alteration.,0
Jon MoncayolaOsasuna · Midfielder #7Moncayola is recalled to the bench, with Ibanez selected to take his spot.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Diaz replaces Modric with just over 10 minutes remaining in the contest.,0
Dani CarvajalReal Madrid · Defender #2The strike is Carvajal's last involvement in the match, with Vazquez coming onto the pitch to play at full-back.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #7Vinicius is also given a rest, as Rodrygo is sent into the fray.,0
Jude BellinghamReal Madrid · Midfielder #5Bellingham comes off to a standing ovation, with the Bernabeu recognising his outstanding contribution. Ceballos is chosen to see out the remainder of the match.,0
Rubén García SantosOsasuna · Striker #14Osasuna finally make a change, with Ruben Garcia making way for Arnaiz.,0
Ante BudimirOsasuna · Striker #17A swap at striker for the visitors sees Avila replace Budimir.,0
Asst: V. JúniorJOSELU GETS IN ON THE FUN! 4-0! Tchouameni’s hammered clearance is controlled with an incredible touch by Vinicius, who brings the ball down with his back to goal under touch-tight marking from David Garcia. The winger is allowed to shuffle the ball between his feet before turning the centre-back and playing a pass forward for Joselu, whose first-time finish from close range beats Herrera!,1
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #12Camavinga is brought off following the celebrations, with Kroos given 23 minutes to play.,0
sst: F. ValverdeREAL MADRID FIND A THIRD! 3-0! Camavinga steps up to win the ball ahead of Budimir, poking it forward for Valverde. The Uruguay international immediately picks his head up and plays a leading pass into Osasuna’s half for Vinicius. The winger puts his pace on display, burning Catena before dragging Herrera off his line and finishing into an open net!,1
The referee pulls back play and shows a yellow card to Tchouameni, who was deemed to have kicked through the back of Pena during an attempt to win the ball in midfield.,2
sst: F. ValverdeWHO ELSE BUT BELLINGHAM?! 2-0! It’s two for the England international, who begins the move by driving towards the penalty area before playing a one-two pass with Valverde and slotting his low shot between the legs of Herrera!,1
Rudiger is shown the first yellow card of the match for an elbow in the face of Torro during an attempt to win the ball back inside Osasuna’s penalty area.,2
sst: D. CarvajalANOTHER ONE FOR BELLINGHAM! 1-0! Real Madrid leave Osasuna with no chance after a bit of slick build-up play through Modric, who finds Carvajal inside the penalty area with his back to goal. The right-back lays off a first-time pass for the run of Bellingham, who takes a touch to set himself before easily slotting the ball into the roof of the net!,1
Jake LivermoreWest Brom · Midfielder #8Third and final West Brom substitution late on, with Livermore replaced by Edwards.,0
Asst: M. DohertyGOOOAAALLL! Kane breaks the deadlock for Spurs, it's 1-0! Superb cross from Doherty and an even better finish from Kane to put Tottenham ahead late on. The right-back whips the ball deep into the penalty area and Kane rises above his marker and just flicks it on, over Johnstone and into the far corner of the net.,1
Karlan GrantWest Brom · Striker #29West Brom make another substitution now, with Grant coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Phillips.,0
Moussa SissokoTottenham · Midfielder #17The other Spurs change sees Sissoko replaced by Vinicius.,0
Gareth BaleTottenham · Midfielder #9Tottenham make a double substitution, with Bale the first to come off and he has been replaced by Lucas.,0
Callum RobinsonWest Brom · Striker #7West Brom make their first substitution now, with Robinson the man coming off and he has been replaced by Diangana.,0
Tanguy NdombeleTottenham · Midfielder #28Tottenham have been forced into making a substitution, with Ndombele unable to shake off his knock and he has been replaced by Lo Celso.,0
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Bartley after he slides into the back of Kane, catching him late and getting nowhere near the ball. Poor challenge.,2
Juan JesusNapoli · Defender #5Another late Napoli change sees centre-back Jesus brought off, with his replacement Leo Ostigard on for the final throws of this one-sided encounter.,0
Giacomo RaspadoriNapoli · Striker #81Raspadori has been industrious throughout and dangerous - skyward penalty aside - in the final third, but he comes off now for Eljif Elmas to see out proceedings for I Partenopei.,0
Stanislav LobotkaNapoli · Midfielder #68Lobotka's been busy as usual in midfield, and his replacement Giovanni Simeone will look to add some late flair in attack for the champions.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20A trio of late changes are made by Rudi Garcia, the first of which sees a straight midfield swap between Zielinski and Jens Cajuste.,0
Nedim BajramiSassuolo · Striker #11Bajrami comes off having also been rather ineffective in attack, with Kristian Thorstvedt his replacement for the final 15 or so minutes.,0
Andrea PinamontiSassuolo · Striker #9Pinamonti's been a passenger for much of this contest, and he comes off now with Samuele Mulattieri hoping to have a greater impact in the number nine role.,0
Asst: K. KvaratskheliaGOOOOAAAALLL!!! He has now!!! Kvaratskhelia makes an instant impact, dancing through the centre of midfield before slipping in his captain, and Di Lorenzo finds the bottom corner with a classy finish to put Napoli 2-0 up! It's a long way back for the 10 men of Sassuolo now, and Napoli look set to mark their return to the Maradona with three points.,1
Matteo PolitanoNapoli · Striker #21Napoli also make a change of their own, with the ever-dangerous Politano withdrawn for excitement machine Khvicha Kvaratskhelia to enter the fray.,0
Armand LaurientéSassuolo · Striker #45Lauriente's not been able to create much in the final third for the visitors, and he comes off now for Emil Ceide to attempt to make an impact.,0
Matías ViñaSassuolo · Defender #17Vina also comes off having been run ragged by Napoli's wingers, and Marcus Pedersen will replace the left-back.,0
Daniel BolocaSassuolo · Midfielder #24Both sides make changes following that bizarre penalty miss, the first of which sees Uros Racic replace Boloca in midfield for Sassuolo.,0
A RED CARD! And out of absolutely nowhere too! Lopez turns to say something to the referee, and it certainly hasn't gone down well as the referee shows no hesitation in brandishing a straight red card! It's a bizarre situation we've rarely seen before, but the fact is that Sassuolo are now down to 10 men!,3
Osimhen races away down the right, leaving green and black shirts in his wake, before Ruan cuts across him, takes him to ground, and receives a yellow card from the referee for his challenge.,2
enalty GoalGOOOOAAAALLL!!! Osimhen steps up, and Osimhen scores! The striker takes a fairly slow run-up and sends a clean strike into the top-left corner, sending Consigli the wrong way and putting Napoli 1-0 up with a goal that's been coming from the very first whistle!,1
Bernardo SilvaMan City · Midfielder #20Finally, Silva is replaced by Lewis, so De Bruyne will get the full 90 minutes.,0
Nathan AkéMan City · Defender #6Gomez replaces Ake at left-back in the third of those four changes.,0
John StonesMan City · Defender #5Stones is also withdrawn, with exciting youngster Bobb on in his place.,0
Erling HaalandMan City · Striker #9There will be no double hat-trick for Haaland here, he'll have to settle for five goals! Alvarez is on for the final 14 minutes plus stoppage time.,0
sst: J. StonesGOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLL! CITY HAVE A SIXTH! For once, it's not Haaland! Kovacic adds further gloss to the scoreline, firing home from 25 yards out! The Croatian is found by Stones and isn't placed under any pressure, so he takes a touch out of his feet before lashing towards goal. Krul sees it late, and even though it's not perfectly in the top-left corner, it whistles past him and crashes the back of the net! 6-2 to the holders, and this could get really ugly for Luton from here…,1
Chiedozie OgbeneLuton Town · Midfielder #7There's a debut for Hashioka in Luton's third change of the game, with Ogbene making way.,0
Jordan ClarkLuton Town · Midfielder #18Mpanzu takes the place of Clark, who comes off to warm applause after scoring twice. He just couldn't keep pace with Haaland!,0
sst: B. SilvaGOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLL! HAALAND HAS FIVE! WHAT A PERFORMANCE FROM THE CITY STRIKER! City work the ball from right to left as Matheus flicks it into Silva, and it's the Portugal international – rather than De Bruyne – who assists this one. He picks out Haaland on the left side of the box, and the Norwegian drills his effort beyond Krul at the near post! Haaland 5-2 Luton!,1
Cauley WoodrowLuton Town · Striker #10Luton respond to that fourth City goal with a change as Townsend replaces Woodrow. Surely a rescue act is beyond the Hatters now.,0
sst: K. De BruyneGOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! FOUR GOALS FOR HAALAND, FOUR ASSISTS FOR DE BRUYNE! City restore their two-goal cushion almost immediately, and it's that duo again! De Bruyne bursts in behind with the Luton defence all at sea again. He has too much for Burke as he races into the box on the right-hand side, then he has the presence of mind to tee up Haaland for a tap-in. It's 4-2, and surely City's place in the last eight is secure now!,1
Asst: R. BarkleyGOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! GAME ON AT KENILWORTH ROAD! IT'S CLARK AGAIN! Well, well, well… do we have a cup comeback on our hands?! City are masters of their own downfall here as Ortega plays a dismal pass straight to Barkley, whose first-time shot is blocked at close range. However, Kovacic fails to clear and Barkley dinks a lovely ball over the City backline, allowing Clark to volley past Ortega when one-on-one. Out of nowhere, it's 3-2!,1
Asst: R. BarkleyGOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! WHAT A HIT FROM CLARK – IT'S 3-1! Wow. Barkley is crowded out after taking in Clark's pass on the edge of the box, so he turns and gives it back to him. Clark lets fly from all of 25 yards out, and his shot whistles into the top-right corner, giving Ortega no chance! Are the Hatters back in it?,1
sst: K. De BruyneGOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! NOW HAALAND HAS HIS HAT-TRICK! The Norwegian has his eighth treble in City colours, capping a brilliant first-half performance. A loose ball drops for De Bruyne just inside his own half, and he slides a wonderful pass in behind the disorganised Luton defence. Haaland bursts through before drawing Krul out of his goal and dinking a nonchalant finish over him. 3-0 and it's surely game over now!,1
Amari'i BellLuton Town · Defender #29Edwards has changed his mind on the Luton substitution, deciding to introduce Johnson instead of Osho. Bell hobbles off.,0
Jack GrealishMan City · Midfielder #10Grealish can't continue, and it's a sad sight as he sits in the dugout and pulls a coat over his face. That's a real blow for the England man. Doku is his replacement.,0
sst: K. De BruyneGOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLL! HAALAND HAS TWO, AND IT'S ANOTHER GREAT GOAL! This time, City go route one, but it's the same result! Haaland holds off his marker to knock Ortega's long kick down for De Bruyne before immediately setting off towards goal. De Bruyne doesn't disappoint with his throughball, sending the Norwegian clear, and he blasts his finish straight through Krul and into the centre of the goal! 2-0, and it's a long way back for Luton now!,1
sst: K. De BruyneGOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! THAT DIDN'T TAKE LONG! HAALAND STRIKES! City look up for this one, and they need just three minutes to take the lead with a beautifully worked goal. Matheus stands up Bell in an inside-left position before playing a lovely reverse pass through for De Bruyne. The Belgian's cutback is slightly behind Haaland, but he stretches to cut his finish into the top-left corner! 1-0!,1
Asst: M. ArnautovićA LATE FOURTH FOR INTER! 4-2! Arnautovic finds himself in acres of space on the right wing after a lovely pass from Sanchez and draws Huijsen towards him, which leaves the entire penalty area unguarded. He unselfishly squares a pass for one of two oncoming team-mates, with Bastoni getting just ahead of Sanchez to slot a first-time finish past Patricio!,1
 second Roma centre-back is booked, with Huijsen shown a yellow card for a shove on Dumfries near the touchline.,2
Paulo DybalaRoma · Striker #21Still searching for a way back into the game with three minutes left, Dybala is withdrawn in favour of Azmoun, who is back from his exploits at the Asian Cup.,0
Marcus ThuramInter · Striker #9Inzaghi feels Thuram has earned an early rest with his side ahead by a goal, and gives Sanchez a late chance to stretch his legs.,0
Lorenzo PellegriniRoma · Midfielder #7Baldanzi comes on for his Roma debut after signing from Empoli, taking Pellegrini's spot.,0
Stephan El ShaarawyRoma · Striker #92Looking to add fresh legs to the wings, De Rossi recalls El Shaarawy to the bench and sends on Zalewski.,0
Lautaro MartínezInter · Striker #10Martinez comes off without a goal, while Arnautovic gets a chance to give Inter a bit of insurance.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Defender #36With a quarter-hour left to go in the game, Inzaghi changes both his wing-backs, with Dumfries introduced for Darmian.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Defender #32An alteration on the left flank sees Augusto come on for Dimarco.,0
Francesco AcerbiInter · Defender #15Acerbi goes down off the ball holding his calf and immediately calls for a substitution. Inzaghi reacts quickly and chooses one former Lazio defender to cover for another, with De Vrij thrown into the fray.,0
Bryan CristanteRoma · Midfielder #4A first substitution of the match sees Cristante replaced by Bove in midfield.,0
AngeliñoRoma · Defender #69Five minutes after scoring an own goal, Angelino is withdrawn for Spinazzola.,0
sst: M. DarmianGAME ON ONCE AGAIN! 2-2! It’s a lovely strike from Thuram, who meets Darmian’s low cross at the near post with a sliding first-time finish that manages to send Patricio the wrong way!,1
A first yellow card of the match unsurprisingly goes the way of Mancini, for leaping into a mistimed sliding tackle that catches the foot of Mkhitaryan.,2
Asst: L. PellegriniA GOAL AGAINST A FORMER FOE! 2-1 ROMA! Ex-Milan winger El Shaarawy breaks the tie with a superb strike one minute from half-time, receiving Pellegrini’s pass following an Inter corner-kick and squeaking his left-footed shot off the inside of the post and in!,1
Asst: L. PellegriniA CENTRE-BACK RESPONDS! 1-1! Not to be denied by his international team-mate, Mancini pops up on the penalty spot to get on the end of Pellegrini’s quickfire free-kick and nod his finish into the bottom corner to level up the score!,1
A GOAL FOR THE FORMER LAZIO DEFENDER! 1-0 INTER! Dimarco’s second attempt from a corner is much better, lifting it into the six-yard box where it’s flicked on by Lukaku. Acerbi is on the end of the delivery and lifts an expert header back across Patricio and into the net!,1
sst: D. CarvajalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA STABS THE BALL HOME!!! 4-0 MADRID!!!! Los Blancos have their fourth goal of the evening as the Frenchman converts from close range. Carvajal surges into space down the right inside channel from Kroos' pass. He spots Benzema in the middle and picks him out with a pinpoint low ball that the forward steers past Raton from six yards.,1
Alberto SoroReal Zaragoza · Midfielder #9Guti comes on to the field for Soro for the home side.,0
Luka JovićReal Madrid · Striker #18Jovic is withdrawn for Benzema for the final 17 minutes.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #25Vinicius scores and then makes way for Diaz in the final third.,0
Asst: J. RodríguezGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VINICIUS NOTCHES MADRID'S THIRD!!!! 3-0!!! The visitors surely wrap up the tie now as Vinicius finds the net. The Brazilian runs at the Zaragoza defence and plays a neat-one two with James. The Colombian threads a pass through to the winger, who holds his composure to fire a low strike past Raton into the bottom-left corner.,1
Sergio RamosReal Madrid · Defender #4Ramos must be carrying an injury as he is withdrawn for Nacho at the back. A slight concern for Zidane.,0
André PereiraReal Zaragoza · Midfielder #8Blanco replaces Pereira in the final third for the hosts.,0
Miguel LinaresReal Zaragoza · Striker #7Suarez comes on to the pitch to replace Linares.,0
Asst: T. KroosGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! VAZQUEZ FIRES HOME!!!! 2-0 MADRID!! Los Blancos extend their advantage as Vazquez finds the top-right corner with his strike from inside the box. Igbekeme loses possession in the Zaragoza area and the ball travels towards Kroos. The German slides an incisive pass towards Vazquez, who takes a touch before drilling his attempt past Raton.,1
sst: T. KroosGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! VARANE CONVERTS AT THE BACK POST!!! 1-0 MADRID!!! The visitors take the lead as Varane reacts to steer home a cross from Kroos. The German takes a corner quickly and plays a one-two with Carvajal to break into the right inside channel. He then fires a low ball across the face of goal that evades Vinicius, but travels to Varane to slide his strike home.,1
Penalty GoalWILSON SCORES! It's a confident spot-kick from Wilson and he hits the penalty with a lot of power. He drills it low into the bottom-left corner and even though Lloris went the right way, he couldn't stop it from crossing the line. 1-1!,1
Hayden catches Bergwijn with a late tackle off the ball and is booked for the challenge.,2
Lewis sticks out an arm to stop Doherty from getting into the box from the right and picks up a booking as well as giving away a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27The goal scorer, Lucas, comes off for Spurs and he's replaced by Lamela.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Final change for Newcastle now and Carroll is on in place of Almiron.,0
Giovani Lo CelsoTottenham · Midfielder #18Mourinho makes his second change as he brings on Ndombele for Lo Celso.,0
Jeff HendrickNewcastle · Midfielder #16Second change for Newcastle now and it's Hendrick making way for Murphy.,0
Matt RitchieNewcastle · Defender #11Ritchie is led straight down the tunnel and Lewis in on in his place.,0
oelinton is booked after he catches Lucas with a late challenge to stop Spurs' counter-attack.,2
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Spurs are making a change at the start of the second half and it's Bergwijn coming on to replace Son.,0
helvey slides in on Lo Celso from behind and takes out the player, despite getting a slight touch on the ball. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2
Asst: H. KaneSPURS LEAD! It's a great cross from Kane and Lo Celso slides in at the near post but misses it. Lucas drifts away from Ritchie at the far post and fires his shot into the empty net. 1-0 Spurs! ,1
João MoutinhoWolves · Midfielder #28Ferreira is on for his Wolves debut. He replaces Moutinho.,0
Daniel PodenceWolves · Striker #10Another change for Wolves. Podence, who created the opener, has been replaced by Neves, who will add some extra composure to the midfield.,0
Oliver NorwoodSheffield United · Midfielder #16Norwood has gone off for the Blades. Berge is on in his place.,0
Pedro NetoWolves · Striker #7Nuno has made the first change, replacing Neto with Buur, who is on for his Premier League debut.,0
cBurnie now becomes the second player to go into the book, with referee Mike Dean adjudging the striker to have fouled Jimenez. It seemed harsh.,2
Asst: P. NetoGOAL! IT’S 2-0 WOLVES! What a torrid start for United, as they allow Saiss a free run at Neto’s corner, and the defender planted a brilliant header beyond Ramsdale.,1
sst: D. PodenceGOOOOAAALLLL!!!! WOLVES LEAD! What a brilliant finish from Jimenez, who has side-footed the visitors ahead after just three minutes. Podence created it, with the forward having skipped away from Lundstram down the left before drilling a fine cross from which Jimenez finished expertly. Sheff Utd 0-1 Wolves.,1
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Arsenal are making their last change now with Lokonga coming on to replace Odegaard.,0
resswell is booked for his part in the argument with Nketiah.,2
Nketiah is booked for stopping Cresswell from taking West Ham's free-kick.,2
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Saka went down a moment ago but didn't need treatment. He's gone down again, and this time, the medical team does come on. He's moving gingerly as he goes off, and Smith Rowe comes on for him.,0
Saïd BenrahmaWest Ham · Midfielder #22Final roll of the dice for West Ham now and it's Benrahma that's making way for Yarmolenko.,0
Takehiro TomiyasuArsenal · Defender #18Tomiyasu pulled up a minute ago, and it looks like he has a problem with his calf. Arsenal are taking no chances and Soares comes on in his place.,0
Mark NobleWest Ham · Midfielder #16West Ham's second change sees Noble taken off and replaced by Soucek.,0
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10West Ham are making the first change of the game here as they chase an equaliser. Lanzini is taken off and replaced by Antonio.,0
sst: G. MartinelliGABRIEL SCORES! Saka hangs another corner into the box and this time, it's half-cleared by West Ham. Martinelli recycles it by lifting it into the far post and Gabriel stoops to head it on goal. It's straight at Fabianski, but it hits the keeper's leg which helps it over the line. 2-1 Arsenal!,1
Bowen went down after avoiding the Ramsdale's sliding challenge, and he's booked for simulation. He doesn't have too many complaints about that though.,2
aka tries to trip Bowen but misses, and then clips him on the back of his heels with the second attempt. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Asst: V. CoufalBOWEN EQUALISES! Again, West Ham look to their right side, and this time, it pays off! Rice goes long over the top for Coufal and he brings it down before volleying a cross into Bowen. His first touch sets it up nicely for a volley, and the slightest nick off Gabriel takes it out of Ramsdale's reach and into the net. 1-1!,1
Asst: B. SakaHOLDING SCORES! It's a much better delivery from the corner this time as Saka hangs it up in the middle of the box. Holding outmuscles Lanzini and leaps higher than everyone else to head it past Fabianski. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9Rodgers shores up his midfield as Vardy is replaced by Choudhury.,0
Amad DialloMan United · Midfielder #19Diallo is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Fernandes. Solskjaer sends his big guns on to the field.,0
sst: M. AlbrightonGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SOYUNCU POWERS A HEADER HOME!! 2-1 LEICESTER!!! The Foxes regain the lead through the Turkey international as he plants a thumping header into the net. Albrighton puts his delivery on the money from a corner. Soyuncu beats the attention of the recently arrived Rashford in the United box. He rises to meet the ball and guides a bullet of a header past De Gea.,1
Anthony ElangaMan United · Midfielder #56Rashford comes on to the field for Elanga for the home side.,0
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Striker #11Greenwood is withdrawn for Cavani in the United attack.,0
Ayoze PérezLeicester City · Midfielder #17Maddison replaces Perez in the final third for the visitors.,0
Asst: A. DialloGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GREENWOOD EQUALISES WITH A PRECISE FINISH!! 1-1!!!! United are back on level terms as Greenwood finds the bottom-left corner. Diallo surges down the right wing and gets the better of Thomas. He offloads back to Greenwood, who takes a neat touch past two defenders before placing a right-footed effort past the outstretched leg of Schmeichel. A great response from the hosts.,1
Asst: Y. TielemansGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! THOMAS PUTS LEICESTER AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The left wing-back coasts in at the back post and volleys a precise effort into the top-right corner giving De Gea no chance. Leicester cut United open down the right flank as Tielemans surges into space. The Belgian delivers a fine looping cross into the box. Thomas times his run to perfection and he steers his strike into the back of the net.,1
raore brings down Robinson and goes into the book. Fulham have a free-kick in a useful position.,2
Ashley YoungAston Villa · Defender #18Emery takes no chances with Young on a booking as Chambers enters the action.,0
Harrison ReedFulham · Midfielder #6Kebano enters the action to replace Reed in the Fulham midfield.,0
Palhinha brings down Bunedia with a loose sliding challenge and goes into the book.,2
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Midfielder #41Ramsey is withdrawn on the left flank by Emery for Traore.,0
Àlex MorenoAston Villa · Defender #15Digne enters the action for the home side at left-back to replace Moreno.,0
Young blocks off the run of James and is booked by the referee.,2
Kenny TeteFulham · Defender #2Cedric replaces Tete at right-back as Silva freshens up his line-up.,0
Andreas PereiraFulham · Midfielder #18Pereira makes way for the visitors after looking a bit jaded. Cairney is on for the Cottagers.,0
Manor SolomonFulham · Midfielder #11Solomon has been off the pace today and is replaced by Vinicius. James will drop back into a supporting role.,0
De Cordova-Reid catches Moreno with a late challenge and goes into the book.,2
sst: J. McGinnGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! MINGS HEADS VILLA IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!!! Mings rises highest in the box and plants his header away from Leno into the top-left corner. McGinn whips another dangerous corner towards the near post from the right flank. Mings makes his run and glances his effort towards the back post where the ball loops into the back of the net.,1
Harry WilsonFulham · Midfielder #8De Cordova-Reid enters the action to replace Wilson for the visitors.,0
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9Solanke has been replaced by Unal and the English striker will not add to his tally of 16 Premier League goals.,0
Adam WhartonCrystal Palace · Midfielder #20Wharton has been replaced by Edouard as they go in search of an equaliser.,0
Asst: A. SemenyoGOAL! Bournemouth get their reward for their dominance as they lead 1-0. Kluivert blasted the ball home after it was excellently squared from wide by Semenyo. The winger demonstrated his pace as he ran onto a ball behind the Palace defence before playing the ball to the penalty spot to Kluivert, and the Dutchman applied the finish for the Cherries, while getting his fifth Premier League goal of the season.,1
Jordan AyewCrystal Palace · Striker #9Ayew has been replaced by the lively Schlupp,0
Philip BillingBournemouth · Midfielder #29Billing has been replaced by Kluivert as Bournemouth look to find the opener.,0
Tavernier with a cynical foul on Ayew denying a counter attack for Palace.,2
Alex ScottBournemouth · Midfielder #14Scott has been replaced by Semenyo at half time.,0
Asst: D. JamesRASHFORD SEALS THE WIN! James picks him out with the cross and Rashford is unmarked as he makes the run into the box. He's one-on-one with Pope and goes around the keeper before poking the ball past him and into the back of the net. 2-0 United!,1
Lingard is booked after he catches Pope with a late challenge. ,2
Williams was expecting Bardsley to make contact as the right-back closed him down, but he didn't, so Williams is booked for diving.,2
Anthony MartialMan United · Striker #9It's a defensive change from Solskjaer now as the goalscorer, Martial, comes off to be replaced by Shaw.,0
McNeil is shown a yellow card for dissent for his reaction after he loses control of the ball and then catches Williams as he tries to win it back.,2
Jack CorkBurnley · Midfielder #4Final roll of dice from Dyche now and it's Cork that's making way as Brady comes on.,0
Andreas PereiraMan United · Midfielder #15United are making a change now, but it's not James that's coming off. Pereira is the one making way as Lingard comes onto the field.,0
aylor is running to get on the loose ball, but James just beats him to it and the defender ends up kicking him in the leg. He's shown a yellow card.,2
Ashley BarnesBurnley · Striker #10The second change for Burnley sees Barnes making way for Gudmundsson.,0
ee receives a yellow card after he catches James with his studs high on his shin.,2
Jeff HendrickBurnley · Midfielder #13Dyche makes his first change of the game and he's bringing on Rodriguez to replace Hendrick.,0
sst: A. PereiraMARTIAL SCORES! It's a great pass into Pereira from James and neither of the Burnley central defenders pick up the Frenchman's run into the box. He has time to take a touch and lift his effort over Pope and into the back of the net. 1-0 United!,1
Bardsley picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Williams with a late challenge. ,2
Santos picks up a booking for dissent and Atletico come downfield again. They win a corner, and will have the last attack of the game.,2
alinic's first act is to get a booking too after he clatters Perez. There will be four minutes of additional time.,2
Gelson MartinsAtlético Madrid · Striker #18Atletico make their final swap with a few minutes left; Kalinic replaces Gerson Martins.,0
uellar now gets a booking for time-wasting as he draws out his goal-kick.,2
ARRILLO SQUARES IT FOR LEGANES! 1-1! The hosts are back in this game! Silva turns the free-kick out wide on the right to Tarin, whose messy effort pops over Oblak and hits the bar. It falls down just shy of the goal-line - and the substitute is there to bundle it in, sparking wild scenes of celebration.,1
Youssef En-NesyriLeganes · Striker #26Leganes make their last throw of the dice as they chase a leveller; Santos replaces En-Nesyri.,0
Thomas LemarAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #11Partey replaces Lemar now for Atletico, with the visitors making their second change of the game.,0
RIEZMANN GIVES ATLETICO THE LEAD! 1-0! Leganes will be furious with themselves as Cuellar - so good all day - appears to read the Frenchman's shot and then stops dead in the centre of his goal to watch it sail into the top right corner. It's a great strike by the World Cup winner; after the pressure they've piled on, they get their lead.,1
Nabil El ZharLeganes · Midfielder #10El Zhar makes way for Ojeda as Leganes also bring on their first substitute.,0
Ángel CorreaAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #10Correa now departs too, as the first change of the game for Atletico, with Vitolo taking his place.,0
he visitors next win a free-kick on the right flank, in line with the penalty box after Silva gets a yellow card for a bad tackle on Arias.,2
Leganes get another set-piece chance in almost the same position now, this time after Lucas slides in on Silva. The Atletico man is handed a booking for the challenge, which leaves him furious; he is lucky not to see a second after getting up in the referee's face.,2
Savic is sent sprawling in midfield by En-Nesyri with a late challenge and for a moment the referee juggles both his yellow and red cards. He goes for the former in the end; the Leganes man is booked but the hosts remain at 11 men on the pitch.,2
Azpilicueta does his best to plead his innocence but Marriner is having none of it, booking the Spaniard and awarding Spurs a free-kick 25 yards from goal.,2
ante has two attempts at fouling Lucas and on the second attempt catches the Brazilian with a swinging right leg. For the Frenchman's cynical efforts, he becomes the next name in Marriner's book.,2
Pulisic becomes the first Chelsea name in the book for a foul in the build-up to Lamela's chance. Marriner had played advantage before coming back to book the American.,2
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #17Tuchel makes his final change as he opts for the defensive cover of Kante to replace Kovacic in midfield.,0
Steven BergwijnTottenham · Midfielder #23Mourinho makes his first change of the game, introducing Lucas for Ndombele, who had been largely ineffective against Jorginho and Kovacic.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Striker #20Hudson-Odoi, who repeatedly caused Davies problems down the right-hand side, comes off and is replaced by Pulisic.,0
ojbjerg, perhaps frustrated by his side's timid performance so far, goes in late on Jorginho in the middle of the park and gets booked by Marriner.,2
ount is quick with his feet on the halfway line as he dances around Alderweireld. Perhaps unaware of the cover behind him, the Belgian centre-back hacks at the Chelsea man's heels and rightfully gets booked by Marriner for the challenge.,2
Thiago SilvaChelsea · Defender #6With Silva limping off, Tuchel sends on Christensen to fill the Blues' three-man defence, who rarely have been tested by the hosts as of yet.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLL! 1-0 CHELSEA! Jorginho gets rid of the skip and instead takes the penalty in normal fashion, smashing it into the left-hand corner. Lloris dives the right way, however, the Italian's penalty is already in the back of the net by the time he gets there.,1
 rugged challenge on Morata brings about a booking for Spezia substitute Bourabia.,2
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #7Unable to add to his goal tally in the Capocannoniere contest with Ciro Immobile, Vlahovic is replaced by Kean for the final few minutes.,0
Giulio MaggioreSpezia · Midfielder #25Spezia substitute their skipper, as Maggiore makes way for Bourabia in midfield.,0
Rey ManajSpezia · Striker #9After an unproductive outing, Manaj is taken off; replaced by Kovalenko.,0
For a foul on Agudelo, the recently arrived Bernardeschi is now booked. That will see him suspended next week.,2
Luca PellegriniJuventus · Defender #17Juventus make the first change, as the recently booked Pellegrini makes way for Bernardeschi, who is just back from injury.,0
The referee has certainly found his pocket since the break: when Agudelo's counter-attack is ended by a Pellegrini clip, the latter becomes the latest man to see yellow.,2
rlic has been busy in the opening stages of the second half, and after he is unfairly challenged by Vlahovic, his opponent is shown a yellow card.,2
For coming through the back of Morata with an awkward challenge in midfield, Erlic is booked by the referee.,2
sst: M. LocatelliJUVE LEAD! A clumsy clearance by Provedel falls straight to a Bianconeri shirt in midfield, allowing Vlahovic and Locatelli to combine, and play in Morata on the left side of the box. The Spanish striker stays calm and fires home the opening goal past the goalkeeper's despairing dive! Juventus 1-0 Spezia!,1
Jesse LingardMan United · Midfielder #14Shaw replaces Lingard for the closing stages of the game, with the midfielder feeling the effects of a knock.,0
Moussa SissokoTottenham · Midfielder #17Lo Celso comes on for the final five minutes to replace Sissoko.,0
Mason GreenwoodMan United · Striker #26Pereira comes on for the final 10 minutes to replace Greenwood.,0
Harry WinksTottenham · Midfielder #8Ndombele replaces Winks for the visitors. Mourinho may not wish to test the durability of Winks' ankle after his fall.,0
Lucas MouraTottenham · Midfielder #27Eriksen comes on to the field to replace Lucas for the visitors.,0
Penalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RASHFORD HOLDS HIS COMPOSURE!!!! 2-1!!! The forward restores his side's advantage with a calm strike from 12 yards. He places his effort in the bottom-right corner, sending Gazzaniga the wrong way. United have a perfect start to the second half.,1
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ALLI EQUALISES!!! 1-1!! Spurs are back in the game from their first foray into the United box as Alli scores a fine goal. He continues his excellent form as he latches on to a hanging ball in the box. The midfielder turns Fred with a neat flick before burying his strike from close range past De Gea on the angle. Superb from the England man. A VAR check confirms that he did not handle the ball in the process, much to the relief of Alli and his team.,1
inks takes out James on the slide down the right flank. James takes a nasty fall on the sideline and collides into Mourinho, who receives the full blow of the winger's head on his shin. Winks goes into the book for the challenge.,2
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RASHFORD FIRES UNITED AHEAD!!! 1-0!!!! The striker beats Gazzaniga with a low strike towards the bottom-left corner to put the home side in the lead. Lingard does well down the left to win a battle with Sanchez. The ball finds Rashford in the left inside channel and he hammers his strike towards the corner. Gazzaniga gets down, but he can only turn it on to the post and the deflection strikes the inside of the woodwork and goes into the net.,1
Rico HenryBrentford · Midfielder #3Henry is replaced for the final few seconds of the game, as Sorensen makes a brief cameo from the bench.,0
Bryan MbeumoBrentford · Striker #19Having surely sealed the points for his team, Mbeumo is withdrawn; Canos comes on.,0
Vitaly JaneltBrentford · Midfielder #27Following an industrious display in midfield, Janelt comes off for Ghoddos.,0
BRENTFORD SURELY WIN IT! Mbeumo strikes to make it 3-1, and three points are winging their way to the Bees! After Keita loses the ball high up the pitch, Norgaard puts an excellent throughball into Liverpool's box, where Konate is shrugged off forcefully by the Cameroon striker, who then coolly threads it past Alisson!,1
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Striker #15Having scored Liverpool's goal in his 100th Premier League game for the club, Oxlade-Chamberlain is now replaced by Jones, who makes his 50th top-flight appearance.,0
Yoane WissaBrentford · Striker #11Lewis-Potter is thrown on by Frank; goalscorer Wissa is withdrawn after a productive shift up front.,0
Mathias JensenBrentford · Midfielder #8Brentford belatedly make their first changes. First, Jensen gives way for Dasilva.,0
Perhaps partly in frustration, Nunez bundles Mee to the ground inside Brentford's box, as he tries to reach a cross. The Liverpool striker sees yellow as a result.,2
abinho dwells on the ball and is caught out by Wissa, so Thiago decides to take the fleet-footed forward down and accept a booking for his cynical foul.,2
Asst: T. Alexander-ArnoldLIVERPOOL PULL ONE BACK! Meeting Alexander-Arnold's delicious inswinging cross from the right, Oxlade-Chamberlain steers the ball into the bottom-left corner with his head from 10 yards! A bright start to the second half sees the Reds reduce their deficit to one: it's 2-1 to Brentford now!,1
Konstantinos TsimikasLiverpool · Defender #21A straight swap at left-back sees Robertson replace Tsimikas.,0
Virgil van DijkLiverpool · Defender #4Liverpool captain Van Dijk is the most surprising name to be withdrawn following the break; Matip comes on in his place.,0
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Midfielder #19Klopp has boldly opted for a triple substitution at half-time. First, Elliott is replaced by Keita in midfield.,0
Asst: M. JensenBRENTFORD DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! The home fans go wild, as the Bees go 2-0 up! After several close misses, Wissa is the scorer! He slips clear of Alexander-Arnold and Konate to nod the ball goalward from Jensen's cross, and despite Alisson's terrific leap to try and keep it out, the ball just about crosses the line!,1
As Henry threatens to skip past him on the right-hand side, Elliott clearly obstructs his opponent and is shown a yellow card as a result.,2
Having been caught out of position by Nunez midway through his own half, then clumsily brought down the Liverpool forward, Jorgensen receives an early booking.,2
Grealish is booked for arguing with the referee. The Villa captain felt their should've been a foul in the build-up to the second Saints goal.,2
Asst: C. AdamsGOALLL! GAME OVER! Armstrong breaks on the counter from a Villa corner and finishes into an open net with Reina caught upfield. ,1
A late challenge by Guilbert leads to him becoming the third Villa player to be booked this afternoon.,2
Marvelous NakambaAston Villa · Midfielder #11Villa make their final change of the match with Baston replacing Nakamba.,0
Will SmallboneSouthampton · Midfielder #27Smallbone's debut comes to an end as he is replaced by Romeu.,0
Anwar El GhaziAston Villa · Midfielder #21El Ghazi can't continue and is replaced by Trezeguet as Villa's first change of the match.,0
sst: M. DjenepoGOAL! Long puts the ball in at the near post and the home side are in front after just eight minutes! A tidy finish off his knee is poked past Reina in the Villa net. ,1
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Steve Bruce makes his final change of the day as Almiron is taken off for Krafth.,0
 yellow card is given to Freeman for a cynical foul whilst Newcastle were on the break. ,2
Allan Saint-MaximinNewcastle · Midfielder #10It's been a good evening for Saint-Maximin, who ends the match with his first goal in the Premier League. On comes Atsu, with just over 10 minutes left to play.,0
Chris BashamSheffield United · Defender #6Wilder makes his final change of the match as Basham is taken off, with Freeman coming on. Can he and the other substitutes change the outcome of this game?,0
Oliver NorwoodSheffield United · Midfielder #16With Sheffield United finding themselves 2-0 down, Norwood is taken off with McGoldrick coming on to bolster the attack.,0
Andy CarrollNewcastle · Striker #7Newcastle also make a substitution as Carroll, who got the assist for the second goal, is taken off for Joelinton.,0
sst: A. CarrollGOALLLL!!! A moment of madness! Carroll is thought to be in an offside position when the ball is played into the striker, he places the ball into the path of Shelvey who runs through on goal uncontested!,1
Billy SharpSheffield United · Striker #10The first substitution of the day is made by Sheffield United, as Sharp comes off the field of play for Mousset. ,0
Sharp gets the first yellow card of the game, after a tackle on Manquillo. The player is down on the field and is receiving treatment. ,2
Asst: J. ManquilloGOALLL!!! Newcastle open the scoring courtesy of Saint-Maximin! It’s the least expected way for the winger to score, but a ball is whipped into the path of the French player, and he jumps the highest to put the ball past Henderson and make it 1-0 to Newcastle! ,1
Asst: R. HenningsUNBELIEVABLE! BAYERN MUNICH COLLAPSE TO A HAT-TRICK FROM LUKEBAKIO! 3-3 AT THE 93RD MINUTE! Hennings lumps a pass forward from the centre-circle which once again finds Lukebakio in complete space in the opposition half! Despite the best efforts of Kimmich to get back and defend, the striker’s pace proves too much and he beats Neuer with a simple finish to earn a point!,1
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Kovac makes a defensive substitution very late on, as Hummels replaces Muller. ,0
Adam BodzekDüsseldorf · Midfielder #13Bodzek is replaced by Hennings with five minutes left.,0
Renato SanchesBayern · Midfielder #35Renato Sanches will play no further part in this match, as Rafinha is brought onto the pitch to secure the victory with 10 minutes left. ,0
Asst: N. GießelmannLUKEBAKIO HAS THE BALL IN THE NET! 3-2 now to Bayern! Giesselmann’s throughball pushes his team-mate into the Bayern Munich half where there are no defenders whatsoever! It’s a shocking defensive lapse as Lukebakio is allowed to run straight towards the penalty area, which he enters before finishing calmly into the corner! An initial V.A.R check confirms that the striker is onside during the pass, and the visitors are once again back in the match!,1
Oliver FinkDüsseldorf · Midfielder #7Fink is replaced by Karaman in Dusseldorf’s second substitution.,0
Franck RibéryBayern · Midfielder #7One veteran Bayern Munich winger makes way for another as Ribery is removed for Robben with less than 20 minutes left in the match.,0
Takashi UsamiDüsseldorf · Midfielder #33Funkel calls Usami to the bench as he looks to liven up his side. Raman is the chosen replacement. ,0
 slide tackle from behind Renato Sanches in midfield earns Fink the first yellow card of the match. ,2
Asst: R. LewandowskiWHAT A FANTASTIC GOAL! 3-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Lewandowski has the ball just outside the penalty area and he puts his incredible strength on display, holding off a defender for what seemed like an eternity before laying the ball off for Muller whose first-time shot from outside the area beats Rensing!  ,1
It’s the curse of the commentator as Lukebakio cuts the deficit in half! It’s 2-1 now! Zimmer gets into the penalty area after latching onto an Usami pass, and he looks to pass it across to the striker, which fails at first effort. After an audacious attempted overhead-kick pass, the ball somehow makes it to his team-mate, who smashes it home from close range! ,1
Asst: J. BoatengAND MULLER DOUBLES THE ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Two goals conceded in three minutes has really put Dusseldorf to the sword! Boateng has the ball in midfield before looking up and spraying a wonderful pass into the penalty area to meet the run of Muller. Rensing comes flying off his line to make the save, but the forward’s brilliant touch pokes the ball around the goalkeeper and into the back of the net!  ,1
AYERN HAVE THE LEAD! 1-0! Renato Sanches’ corner is nodded downwards by Kaminski due to pressure from Lewandowski, which puts the ball on the foot of an off-balance Lukebakio. His clearance doesn’t exit the penalty area as Sule does well to intercept before smashing home a finish which Rensing had no chance to stop!,1
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Salah makes way in the final change for Liverpool, with Gravenberch on in his place.,0
No surprise, but that is a booking for Elliott after he joins the Liverpool supporters who have made the trip down. The Reds have turned this one around superbly.,2
Asst: M. SalahGOAL! LIVERPOOL SEIZE A LATE LEAD! 2-1! Smash-and-grab hysteria from the Reds as Robertson sinks an almighty one-two play to put his side in front! Sa botches a kick straight to the defender, who plays Salah down the right, before the forward cuts the ball back in for the former to finish at close-range!,1
Jarell Amorin QuansahLiverpool · Defender #78Liverpool make their fourth change, with Quansah replaced by Konate.,0
Mario LeminaWolves · Midfielder #5The hosts also make their fifth change, with Traore on for Lemina.,0
Jeanricner BellegardeWolves · Midfielder #27Wolves make their fourth change, with Bellegarde ending his debut and Doyle on in his place.,0
Semedo picks up the latest booking of the game now. Things are getting a little testy out there.,2
Rayan Aït-NouriWolves · Defender #3Wolves make a third change with the injured Ait-Nouri off and Bueno on in his place.,0
Matheus CunhaWolves · Striker #12The hosts make a second change too, with Cunha replaced by Silva.,0
Hwang Hee-chanWolves · Midfielder #11Wolves make their first change now, as goalscorer Hwang is replaced by Doherty.,0
Diogo JotaLiverpool · Striker #20The Reds make a third change too, bringing on Elliott for Jota.,0
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18It is Gakpo's last act too, as Liverpool make their second change of the game. He is replaced by Nunez.,0
Asst: M. SalahGOAL! LIVERPOOL LEVEL THINGS UP! 1-1! The equaliser felt more likely than a second for Wolves, and so it tells. Salah cuts a path around the right edge of the box, and tips the low ball through, with Gakpo there to tuck home at the left post. Game on!,1
Alexis Mac AllisterLiverpool · Midfielder #10Liverpool make one change ahead of the restart, with the booked Mac Allister replaced by Diaz.,0
Asst: P. NetoGOAL! WOLVES SEIZE THE LEAD! 1-0! Just like that, Molineux erupts! The hosts turn defence into attack and break down the left flank. Neto snakes his way through a line of defenders, and squares across the six-yard area to find Hwang, who pushes it in at the far post!,1
An early booking at Molineux, with Mac Allister cited four minutes in. He misplaces a pass, picked off by the Wolves midfield, and is then shown a yellow card for bringing down Cunha.,2
Florian NeuhausMönchengladbach · Midfielder #32Getting booked was Neuhaus' final contribution for Gladbach as he's taken off, with attacking midfielder Benes coming on in his place.,0
Neuhaus earns himself a yellow card now for a late challenge on Bayern substitute Musiala.,2
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Nagelsmann turns to his bench again, replacing Muller with an extra striker in Choupo-Moting as Bayern search for a winning goal.,0
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #7The second change is also out wide, with left-winger Gnabry going off for Musiala.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Nagelsmann makes his first changes of the match, with Coman replacing Sane on the right wing.,0
Hannes WolfMönchengladbach · Midfielder #11Hutter makes a third change now, with Wolf replaced by Bennetts as Gladbach try to chase a winner.,0
Patrick HerrmannMönchengladbach · Midfielder #7Surprisingly, the lively Herrmann also goes off, with Hofmann taking his place out wide.,0
Alassane PléaMönchengladbach · Striker #14Hutter makes a double-change now, with Plea replaced by Thuram up front in the first alteration.,0
Stindl earns the first yellow card of the game as he scythes Kimmich down from behind. That was a poor challenge.,2
sst: J. KimmichGOAL!!! LEWANDOWSKI FIRES BAYERN LEVEL!!! Kimmich's outswinging corner is met by Lewandowski, who evades his marker in the middle before firing a low volley past Sommer! It was hard and low, but the shot was very close to the Switzerland international and he will feel he could have done better there. It's 1-1!,1
Asst: L. StindlGOAL!!! PLEA PUTS GLADBACH AHEAD AGAINST THE DEFENDING CHAMPIONS!!! The hosts converge on the ball in midfield and win it before swiftly working it forward to Stindl. The Gladbach skipper slides to prod the ball beyond Upamecano and into the feet of the unmarked Plea, who fires a left-footed shot beyond Neuer and in! It's 1-0 to Gladbach!,1
Those will be the last acts of this match too, as Reinildo is flashed his yellow card.,2
Reinildo takes a knock in a challenge with Steffen. The referee isn't happy with both of them though and books them, one after the other.,2
Asst: M. ArnoldGOAL! RENATO STEFFEN GIVES WOLFSBURG SOMETHING TO CHEER! 3-1! It is scant consolation now, as Lille fail to clear the edge of their box cleanly, but the finish, curved back in towards the right post, is a lovely one all the same.,1
Roussillon concedes a messy, avoidable challenge right on the lip of his own box and gets booked for it.,2
Jonathan IkonéLOSC · Midfielder #10Yusuf Yazici replaces Jonathan Ikone in Lille's fourth change of the game.,0
Mehmet Zeki ÇelikLOSC · Defender #2Tiago Djalo replaces Mehmet Zeki Celik in Lille's third change of the game.,0
Asst: J. IkonéGOAL! ANGEL GOMES TRULY SEALS IT FOR LILLE! 3-0! The favour is returned by Ikone to assist here, and the substitute makes it a great few minutes with his right-footed finish.,1
Josuha GuilavoguiWolfsburg · Midfielder #23Felix Nmecha replaces Josuha Guilavogui in Wolfsburg's fifth change of the game.,0
Burak YılmazLOSC · Striker #17Amadou Onana replaces Burak Yilmaz in Lille's second change of the game.,0
Luca WaldschmidtWolfsburg · Midfielder #7Renato Steffen replaces Gian-Luca Waldschmidt in Wolfsburg's fourth change of the game.,0
sst: A. GomesGOAL! JONATHAN DAVID SURELY WINS IT FOR LILLE NOW! 2-0! Wolfsburg's distant dream of the Champions League knockout stages looks to be over, while their visitors look to have made their wish come true! It's all too easy in the end - a one-two out of nothing with Gomes - and the winger slots home the finish. Game over.,1
Gabriel GudmundssonLOSC · Midfielder #5Angel Gomes replaces Gabriel Gudmundsson in Lille's first change of the game.,0
Roussillon and Ikone both lunge for a loose ball and the former goes sprawling. That will be a yellow card to the latter.,2
Kevin MbabuWolfsburg · Defender #19Ridle Baku replaces Kevin Mbabu in Wolfsburg's third change of the game.,0
Paulo Otávio Rosa SilvaWolfsburg · Defender #6Jereme Roussillon replaces Paulo Otavio in Wolfsburg's second change of the game.,0
Arnold is the latest player to be flashed a yellow card after getting wrapped up in a challenge on David.,2
Yannick GerhardtWolfsburg · Midfielder #31Dodi Lukebakio replaces Yannick Gerhardt in Wolfsburg's first change of the game.,0
onte promptly picks up a return yellow of his own for Lille now as he cuts off a Wolfsburg counter with a stonewall move.,2
ornauw promptly demonstrates that increased verve with an industrial challenge, and is shown an early yellow.,2
Asst: J. IkonéGOAL! BURAK YILMAZ TEARS WOLFSBURG OPEN ON THE COUNTER! 1-0! Oh, that is a horrendous goal to concede from the hosts' perspective - and a glorious one for their visitors! The corner is caught by Grbic, who promptly sends Ikone away down the wing. He goes the length of the field, crosses for his team-mate and it's a simple finish at the left post.,1
RED CARD FOR PAYET! The Marseille man receives his marching orders for that tired challenge on Verratti. There wasn't any malice in it but it was reckless so he has to go. Larguet pats his player on the back as he leaves the pitch.,3
Valentin RongierMarseille · Midfielder #21Marseille also make a substitution. Cuisance is on for Rongier.,0
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Midfielder #19The substitute Sarabia also goes off as Kean gets to come on for the last few minutes.,0
Alessandro FlorenziPSG · Defender #24Kehrer takes Florenzi's place at right-back first for PSG.,0
Florian ThauvinMarseille · Striker #26Thauvin's number also goes up. The winger hasn't really been able to impact the game. Luis Henrique is on for him.,0
Álvaro GonzálezMarseille · Defender #3Gonzalez heads off down the tunnel. Perrin will take his place in defence for Marseille.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Next to leave the pitch is Paredes. It's a wise decision as he's running the risk of getting sent off. Pereira's on for him.,0
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #9PSG make some substitutions. Neymar enters the fray, replacing Icardi. Icardi's been wayward here but still has a goal to his name.,0
Yuto NagatomoMarseille · Defender #25Next off is Nagatomo. The Fiorentina loanee Lirola is on for him.,0
Valère GermainMarseille · Striker #28Marseille make a few substitutions. First the ineffectual Germain is replaced by Benedetto.,0
cardi gets a yellow card for that dangerous challenge on Mandanda. He had every right to go for that ball but did go in too full-blooded.,2
Gueye's booked for a very poor challenge in midfield. The referee let play on initially until Icardi headed way over the bar.,2
aredes is booked for getting up in the referee's face after that Kamara foul. He's done it a few times now.,2
sst: A. FlorenziGOAL! MARSEILLE 0-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Marseille are unlucky to be 2-0 down. Florenzi's cross from the right doesn't look dangerous with Icardi heading away from goal. It hits Icardi's back and loops over Mandanda into the far corner.,1
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Striker #11PSG make an early change then. Di Maria walks off. Thankfully it looks precautionary more than anything else, but it's a shame given his impact on this game given his short time on the pitch. Sarabia replaces him.,0
sst: A. Di MaríaGOAL! MARSEILLE 0-1 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! That was a lightning counter-attack by PSG! What a start for the visitors! Mbappe shows his immense speed to latch onto Di Maria's throughball, skip over a challenge and beat Mandanda at his near post.,1
Longstaff's protests following the red card have earned him a yellow card.,2
LAZARO IS SENT OFF! Zaha turned with the ball and was away and Lazaro drags him to ground in a desperate attempt to stop him. He's the last man and the referee has no option but to send him off!,3
Cheikhou KouyatéCrystal Palace · Midfielder #8Kouyate went down and had to receive more treatment so he's been taken off now and Riedewald is on in his place.,0
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #17Hodgson makes a double change now and first to make way is Benteke who's replaced by Tosun.,0
espite Joelinton's protests, he's shown a yellow card for that push.,2
Ritchie is the latest player to pick up a yellow card after he bundles Ayew to the ground.,2
McArthur has just caught Fernandez with a late challenge and the defender has stayed down just outside the box. He's shown a yellow card for the tackle.,2
Daniel RoseNewcastle · Defender #28Rose is the other player that's coming off and Ritchie is on in his place.,0
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Midfielder #24Bruce has decided to make a double change now to try and get his side back into the game. Almiron is the first to make way as Gayle comes on to replace him.,0
ALACE TAKE THE LEAD! There's a long wait to take the free-kick, but that didn't affect Van Aanholt. He curls his shot around the left of the wall and Dubravka will feel that he should've done better as it nestles into the side netting. 1-0 Palace!,1
aha is away for Palace but Lascelles pulls him back in an attempt to stop the run and is shown a yellow card.,2
Almiron is booked after pulling back Zaha and stopping his run.,2
Bentaleb gives away a free-kick after catching Ayew and is then booked for dissent.,2
McCarthy picks up the first yellow card of the game after catching Almiron with a late challenge.,2
Capoue is booked for a late challenge on Noble near the halfway line.,2
Declan RiceWest Ham · Midfielder #41West Ham make their final change as Sanchez replaces Rice.,0
Penalty GoalGOOOAL! Noble makes it 4-1 to West Ham! The midfielder steps up and sends Foster the wrong way to bury it in the bottom left-hand corner.,1
Christian KabaseleWatford · Defender #27Watford make their final change before the penalty as Mariappa replaces Kabasele.,0
OOOAL! Arnautovic makes it 3-1 to West Ham! Zabaleta loops a long ball into the box which is volleyed on to the post by Felipe Anderson, but Arnautovic is alert to latch on to the rebound and find the net.,1
Will HughesWatford · Midfielder #19Javi Gracia makes his second change as Masine replaces Hughes for Watford.,0
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10West Ham make their second substitution as Lanzini is replaced by Wilshere.,0
Gerard DeulofeuWatford · Striker #7Watford make their first change of the match as Deulofeu is replaced by Gray.,0
RED CARD! Holebas is shown a straight red card for tugging down Antonio on the edge of the box in what was deemed to be a clear goal-scoring opportunity.,3
OAL! Deulofeu pulls one back for Watford to make it 2-1! Seconds after kick-off, Zabaleta’s pass fails to find Balbuena and Deulofeu intercepts it before rounding Fabianski and tapping the ball into an empty net. What a start to the second half!,1
GOOOAL! Lanzini makes it 2-0 to West Ham! Antonio wriggles free from a string of Watford challenges on the edge of the box before unleashing a solid effort that Foster tips on to the bar, but Lanzini is on hand to nod home the rebound.,1
Ryan FredericksWest Ham · Defender #24Fredericks' injury means he is unable to continue and West Ham are forced into an early change as Zabaleta enters the fray.,0
Asst: M. AntonioGOAL! Noble makes it 1-0 to West Ham! The midfielder plays a one-two with Antonio which enables to make a run towards goal. He approaches the box and plays a lethal dummy to glide past Kabasele before slotting the ball into the bottom left-hand corner.,1
Maupay's frustration gets the better of him as he just kicks through the back of Guimaraes to pick up a late booking.,2
Joe WillockNewcastle · Midfielder #28And Anderson comes on in place of Willock.,0
Callum WilsonNewcastle · Striker #9Newcastle's final change is a double one. Wilson won't get the chance to go for a hat-trick as Gordon comes on to face his former club.,0
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27And Gueye is also making way for Garner.,0
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Everton are making a double change this time. Calvert-Lewin is the first to go off, with Simms on in his place.,0
MURPHY SCORES! And the three-goal cushion is restored! It comes down that left-hand side again - Isak drives down the wing, checking back at one point to lose Keane with a clever drop of the shoulder. He takes it to the byline, rounding more defenders before lifting it over Pickford at the near post and Murphy is there to tap in from close range. 4-1 Newcastle!,1
CNEIL PULLS ONE BACK! Everton win a corner of their own and McNeil goes out to the left to take it. He curls it into the near post, and it sails over Doucoure's head, but that leaves Pope wrongfooted. It sails past everyone to nestle straight in from the corner. 3-1!,1
sst: B. GuimarãesWHAT A GOAL! Wilson has his second of the game and Everton are stunned! Botman clears the long ball forward and Guimaraes has a free run through the middle of the park. When Gueye does get across to him, he squares it to Wilson on the edge of the D. He gets it out of his feet before curling a lovely shot out of Pickford's reach and right into the top corner. 3-0 Newcastle!,1
Sean LongstaffNewcastle · Midfielder #36And Newcastle's third change sees Isak coming on for Longstaff.,0
Amadou OnanaEverton · Midfielder #8Everton are making a change in response to that second goal as Maupay comes on to replace Onana.,0
sst: J. WillockJOELINTON SCORES! Guimaraes does brilliantly to hold the ball up before touching it out to Willock on the left. He bursts past Godfrey and clips it in from the byline. Joelinton has a free header on the edge of the six-yard box and he thumps his header down and into the far post. 2-0 Newcastle!,1
Matt TargettNewcastle · Defender #13Newcastle are making the first change and it's a double one. Targett, who is on a booking, goes off for Burn.,0
Targett tried to wrestle Iwobi down, only to end up on the floor himself. The referee now takes it back and books him for the attempted challenge.,2
uimaraes spins past Onana and threatens to break forward, so the Belgian pulls him back by his shirt, ripping it in the process. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
ILSON SCORES! Against the run of play, Newcastle have the lead! It's switched out to Targett on the left, who just helps it onto Joelinton. He bursts down the wing before cutting inside and wrongfooting Godfrey in the protest. Pickford pushes his shot against Tarkowski which holds it up and Wilson reacts quickest to fire it into the roof of the net. 1-0 Newcastle!,1
Asst: A. ElangaGOOOAAAAALLLL HUDSON-ODOI SEALS IT AT THE DEATH! For his third successive appearance in the Premier League, the Chelsea graduate mops up the pieces as West Ham can't clear from a devilish low byline drive from Williams on the right. It goes through Elanga but Hudson-Odoi makes sure the game's well and truly over, slamming into the bottom left corner!,1
Morgan Gibbs-WhiteNottm Forest · Midfielder #10Gibbs-White's solid performance comes to an end as Andrew Omobamidele takes his place to strengthen the defence in the dying embers.,0
Kurt ZoumaWest Ham · Defender #4The attacking impetus is clear for Moyes and co. Danny Ings on for Zouma - could he be the saviour?,0
Nicolás DomínguezNottm Forest · Midfielder #16Nicolas Dominguez makes way for Ryan Yates. He mouths 'good game hermano'. It's been a good game indeed for Forest so far!,0
Emerson PalmieriWest Ham · Defender #33As one has previously departed, our Czech quota for the day is replenished. Soucek arrives for Emerson.,0
Vladimír CoufalWest Ham · Defender #5A formerly bloodied Coufal makes way for Ben Johnson.,0
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Antonio has got 75 minutes under his belt on his return. Maxwel Cornet emerges - can he make the difference here?,0
PHILLIPS WALKS... Gibbs-White makes the most of a hot-headed Phillips challenge and as the Forest midfielder is caught by his marker, the ref's second yellow is already out of the pocket. On his second start for West Ham, Phillips receives his marching orders, ultimately falling foul to Dominguez and that petulant booking just minutes earlier.,3
Nicolas Dominguez gets his reward for the pantomime villain role.,2
Phillips is fouled, yet as he's down, Dominguez tries to wrestle the ball free. It's a classic game-slowing tactic, yet the Manchester City loanee takes exception and shoves the Argentinian. All parties are booked, including Coufal who had some unsavoury thoughts as well.,2
oufal carded - the Czech international takes a warning for standing up for his teammate Phillips.,2
Taiwo AwoniyiNottm Forest · Striker #9Awoniyi makes way for Divock Origi. His goal is the difference maker so far. If he can keep firing, Forest will no doubt feel better about the looming questions of survival amidst the bottom half scrummage.,0
ntonio has come out in this second half with intent. Latching onto a pinpoint switch of play, the boisterous front man looks to restock his confidence as he drives as Williams off the left wing. The former Liverpool man is second best and can only foul his adversary.,2
urt Zouma stops an exciting Forest breakaway. It wasn't really a tackle he needed to make (hence the yellow card) yet his lacklustre defensive counterparts will likely thank him for the momentary respite.,2
woniyi clearly enjoyed that one! Ripping his shirt off, he picks up the expected yellow card. He likely won't care though, as he's notched his sixth goal this season.,2
sst: N. DomínguezGOOOOOAAALLLLLLL AWONIYIIII! Forest keep moving forwards. Hudson-Odoi recycles the ball on the left back to his wing-counterpart Tavares. The ball is floated back in and Awoniyi gets played in by Dominguez with a nicely weighted pass. The big forward is ice cold to slot past a sprawling Areola. He's scored in his last six outings against the Hammers.,1
t's a booking for that man who's struggled for game time of late. Michail Antonio is clearly frustrated and falls foul to a battle with Murillo. He contests the decision. His Brazilian opponent whips the crowd up. This seems an inadvertent distraction from Hudson-Odoi's injury concern at the halfway line. Gibbs-White now unsure too, as Emerson clatters him.,2
Gibbs-White rises to the tempo here and joins Kudus in the book for a reckless challenge.,2
Kudus finds himself in with a yellow card. The Ghanaian's energy is a little too overbearing and he earns himself a booking.,2
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Striker #20Lampard reacts with his own change, bringing off one teenager for another - it's James for Hudson-Odoi.,0
Joël VeltmanAjax · Defender #3The second change sees Veltman come on for Huntelaar - two strikers coming on for the final few minutes.,0
Edson ÁlvarezAjax · Midfielder #4One final roll of the dice for Ajax and they make a double change. First, Alvarez comes off for De Jong.,0
Asst: C. PulisicGOAAAAAAL! CHELSEA LEAD LATE ON! It's substitute Batshuayi with a wonderful finish that hits the underside of the crossbar on the way in! The cross was behind him and he did extremely well to make proper contact with the ball. A massive goal for Chelsea!,1
Zouma is shown a yellow card for a foul on Ziyech during that Ajax counter.,2
Quincy PromesAjax · Midfielder #11No goal for Promes, but plenty of promise in his performance - he makes way for Neres.,0
Tammy AbrahamChelsea · Striker #9Abraham didn't get the opportunities he would have been hoping for and he's the next to make way. Batshuayi comes on.,0
WillianChelsea · Striker #10Lampard turns to his bench and takes off Willian for Pulisic. This could see Hudson-Odoi move over to the right.,0
Martinez is shown a yellow card for catching Jorginho in the eye with a trailing arm. Chelsea win the free-kick deep in their own half.,2
Chelsea get a chance to break from the set piece through Willian, but Tadic brings him down and is shown a yellow card. ,2
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Before the corner is taken, Modric makes way for Nacho.,0
Silva looks to clear the ball away but Vinicius sneaks in and the Portuguese midfielder receives a yellow as he takes out the Brazilian winger.,2
Toni KroosReal Madrid · Midfielder #8Madrid's second change swiftly follows as Tchouameni comes on in central midfield in place of Kroos.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Less than ten minutes to go but we finally have our first sub of the game as Rodrygo makes way for Asensio.,0
Camavinga is late on Rodri in the middle of the park and the Frenchman is shown a yellow card.,2
undogan gives away the ball cheaply and is shown a yellow after he brings down Carvajal on the edge of the box.,2
Asst: İ. GündoğanGOOOOOAALLLL!!! CITY LEVEL!! 1-1!! Anything Vinicius can do, De Bruyne can do just as well - it's a thumping strike from the City midfielder and the away side are level. Gundogan lays it off to him on the edge of the box, the Belgian slices across the ball with an immaculate technique and the ball rockets into the bottom-right corner. A timely equaliser after a good period of pressure from Madrid.,1
roos with an awfully high challenge on Gundogan and he's the first player into the referee's book.,2
Asst: E. CamavingaGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! MADRID LEAD!! 1-0!! What a strike and what a goal from Vinicius to open the scoring. Modric and Camavinga combine in their own half before the Frenchman drives up the pitch with the ball. He lays it off to the Brazilian who unleashes a thunderous strike from the edge of the box into the top-right corner. No chance for Ederson and Madrid lead out of nowhere!,1
The Madrid substitute Rodrygo is shown a yellow card for his reaction to Franquesa fouling Carvajal.,2
RED CARD FOR FERNANDEZ! Levante waste a corner and Madrid counter quickly. Fernandez slides out of his box to sweep up a throughball and handles the ball while doing so. It's accidental but it's an obvious red card, and Levante will have to see out the last few minutes of this game with 10 men.,3
Jorge de FrutosLevante · Striker #18Levante make a defensive change. Franquesa, a left-back, comes on for de Frutos.,0
Asst: K. BenzemaGOAL! LEVANTE 3-3 REAL MADRID! Madrid equalise again from the corner! The visitors take it short and Benzema lays off to Vinicius who's running towards the byline. The angle looks too tight to score from but Vinicius fizzes a shot across goal which hits the opposite post and goes in!,1
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Madrid are going for broke. Their Serbian forward Jovic replaces Valverde.,0
OAL! LEVANTE 3-2 REAL MADRID! Pier restores Levante's lead! Bardi floats the free-kick into Madrid's box and the visitors don't deal with the second ball. Madrid's defenders are nowhere to be seen and Pier bundles the ball home from very close range.,1
José Luis MoralesLevante · Striker #11Morales also heads off. Cantero will assume his role on the wing for Levante.,0
José CampañaLevante · Midfielder #24Levante make two more changes. Campana's game is over. The Macedonia midfielder Bardhi is his replacement.,0
Asst: CasemiroGOAL! LEVANTE 2-2 REAL MADRID! Vinicius races through on goal from Casemiro's straight throughball and rolls the ball clinically past Fernandez into the far bottom corner. Levante's back line was far too high there.,1
Roger MartíLevante · Striker #9Marti, who scored Levante's equaliser, goes off. Malsa, a midfielder, replaces him.,0
Gonzalo MeleroLevante · Midfielder #22Levante make substitutions of their own. The players must be struggling to cope in this heat. Martinez takes Melero's place in central midfield.,0
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Here's another Madrid change. Carvajal replaces Vazquez who struggled with Morales earlier and didn't spot Campana's run.,0
Gareth BaleReal Madrid · Striker #18Madrid's goalscorer Bale is last to go. Rodrygo takes his place.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Striker #7Hazard is the next Madrid player to go off. He's less unfortunate. Vinicius takes his place on the left wing.,0
IscoReal Madrid · Midfielder #22Madrid ring the changes right away. Asensio comes on first for Isco, who's unlucky to get hooked.,0
Campana is booked for his excessive celebration. Most of us would go wild after scoring a goal like that, to be fair.,2
ilitao also receives a yellow card in the aftermath of the goal for what looks like dissent. Unsure what he's complaining about.,2
Asst: J. de FrutosGOAL! LEVANTE 2-1 REAL MADRID! Campana completes Levante's turnaround! What a goal it is too, as de Frutos darts down the right and sends a high cross into the box. Campana arrives unmarked to spank it on the volley into the top left corner. Courtois could do nothing about it.,1
sst: G. MeleroGOAL! LEVANTE 1-1 REAL MADRID! Levante pull things level within seconds of the kick-off! Melero slips Marti into the box. Courtois makes the save but can't get a strong enough hand to it, causing the ball to roll agonisingly over the line.,1
Melero is booked for a poor challenge on Isco. Levante have had to do more defending as the half has gone on.,2
Clerc picks up the game's first yellow card for steaming into a defensive header and leading with his elbow on Vazquez. Clerc protests his innocence but the referee is unconvinced. Vasquez rubs his head.,2
Asst: K. BenzemaGOAL! LEVANTE 0-1 REAL MADRID! That didn't take long! Benzema darts down the left-hand channel to burst into the box. The Madrid captain shifts the ball onto his right foot and finds Bale who slots confidently past Fernandez.,1
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10Unal is on for his second Bournemouth appearance and he replaces Christie.,0
GOALLLL! RITCHIE SCORES OFF THE BENCH! 2-2! Newcastle are level again! Guimaraes has possession inside Bournemouth's half and he loops a cross into a dangerous area. Bournemouth cannot clear it away and the ball bounces around before Ritchie has the decisive touch, thumping it in from close range. That's his second goal in six outings against Bournemouth, his former side!,1
Miguel AlmirónNewcastle · Striker #24Ritchie also comes on and replaces Almiron in the attack. He will be hoping to have an impact for Howe against his former side.,0
Lewis MileyNewcastle · Midfielder #67A proud moment for White, who is on for his Premier League debut to replace Miley. It shows their lack of squad depth this season, especially when behind.,0
char slips in possession around the halfway line and Scott makes the most of the loose ball before being dragged to the floor by the defender, who goes into the book.,2
Antoine SemenyoBournemouth · Midfielder #24Semenyo scored Bournemouth's second goal and is now being given a rest. Ouattara is on to replace him and will provide speed and trickery down the wing for the final stage of the contest.,0
Dan BurnNewcastle · Defender #33Burn has struggled at left-back and is replaced by Livramento, who will provide a lot more in the attack.,0
Justin KluivertBournemouth · Midfielder #19Bournemouth make their first substitution. Kluivert has looked lively but is now being replaced by Scott.,0
Asst: D. SolankeGOALLL! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! The Cherries take the lead for a second time. Solanke has been the one in front of goal for the away side, but he shows his creative skills to turn in possession around halfway and send a pass down the right to Semenyo. He then drives down the right side of the box and drills a low shot across the goal and into the bottom-left corner.,1
Harvey BarnesNewcastle · Striker #15First change for Newcastle. Murphy is back from injury and replaces Barnes on the wing.,0
Zabarnyi pulls Gordon to the floor and is shown a yellow card. Newcastle have all the momentum at the moment.,2
Penalty GoalGOALLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-1! What a penalty from Gordon. He takes responsibility from the penalty spot and drives his low effort into the bottom-right corner. Neto dives the right way but is beaten by the pace of the strike.,1
Senesi barges Guimaraes to the floor and is shown a yellow card.,2
OALLLL! SOLANKE SCORES! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Solanke won't score an easier goal in his entire career! Botman sends a pass back to Dubravka, who slips just in front of his goal. Solanke is there and he crashes in his shot from close range.,1
Christie steps on the back of Guimaraes' foot and goes into the book.,2
Raphaël GuerreiroDortmund · Midfielder #13Favre turns to Schmelzer late on. Two-goal Guerreiro, who has been a major threat all game, is the player to make way.,0
Mahmoud DahoudDortmund · Midfielder #8Gotze is brought on in place of Dahoud for the final few minutes of this one-sided affair.,0
Jonjoe KennySchalke · Midfielder #20Kenny makes way for Becker in what will likely be Schalke's final substitution of the match.,0
Matondo shows some good footwork to take the ball past a couple of players. The Wales international delays the shot for a little too long, though, and he slides in on Hakimi after losing control of the ball to earn a yellow card.,2
Thorgan HazardDortmund · Midfielder #23Sancho is brought on for Hazard, who limps off the field after picking up a knock. That is a worrying sign for Dortmund boss Favre on what has otherwise been a very positive first day back at the office.,0
Suat SerdarSchalke · Midfielder #8Schopf is on and Serdar off in the latest of Schalke's second-half changes.,0
Dortmund skipper Piszczek loses his footing and handles the ball when attempting to cut out a pass. The referee reaches into his pocket for the third time today.,2
Thomas DelaneyDortmund · Midfielder #6Favre turns to his bench for the first time today by bringing on young defender Balerdi for the vastly more experienced Delaney.,0
Asst: E. HaalandGOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! DORTMUND 4-0 SCHALKE!!! This is a brilliant fourth goal for Dortmund, who have hit the ground running on their return to Bundesliga action. Brandt spreads the ball to Guerreiro and the wing-back exchanges passes with Haaland. With just Schubert to beat, he uses the outside of his left boot to scoop the ball past the visiting goalkeeper.,1
elaney and Serdar battle for an aerial ball. The Dortmund man is penalised for leading with his elbow, becoming the second player to enter the referee's book.,2
Asst: J. BrandtGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! DORTMUND 3-0 SCHALKE!!! That should do it! Schalke have started the second half well but they are caught out on the counter. The ball is played forward quickly and Hazard thumps a shot past Schubert from 19 yards after being teed up by Brandt. Once again, the visiting keeper should have been doing a lot better.,1
Jean-Clair TodiboSchalke · Defender #21Burgstaller is on for Todibo in the second of Schalke's substitutions. It looks as though Wagner has changed system for the start of the second period.,0
Benito RamanSchalke · Striker #9Wales international Matondo is brought on for Raman as part of a double change ahead of the second half.,0
Asst: J. BrandtGOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! DORTMUND 2-0 SCHALKE!!! Schubert is put under pressure and Dortmund capitalise on his weak clearance. Within about four seconds the ball is played into the path of Brandt, and he in turn feeds Guerreiro to clinically fire across a red faced Schubert into the far corner.,1
Asst: T. HazardGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! DORTMUND 1-0 SCHALKE!!! Brandt flicks the ball into the path of Hazard and the forward - a late addition to the starting line-up - sends a cross into the middle. Haaland, as he so often does, makes the finish look easy as he opens up his body and guides the ball away from Schubert.,1
Lewis Cook is shown a yellow card for a reckless sliding tackle on Rondon. ,2
Jordon IbeBournemouth · Midfielder #10St James' Park boos as former Sunderland striker Defoe comes on for Ibe.,0
Mohamed DiaméNewcastle · Midfielder #10Benitez makes his third and final substitution, bringing Atsu on for Diame. ,0
KenedyNewcastle · Midfielder #15Clark replaces Kenedy. Rondon will be left very isolated up front for the remainder of the match.,0
Matt RitchieNewcastle · Midfielder #11Benitez brings Hayden on for Ritchie as Newcastle try to hold on.,0
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8Bournemouth make a change at half-time with Gosling replacing the goal scorer Lerma.,0
sst: R. FraserLerma makes it 2-1! Lerma leans forward to guide a header into the goal from a corner.,1
char makes a rash, lunging tackle as Brooks carries the ball on the right. Schar unsurprisingly goes into the book. ,2
sst: KenedyRONDON AGAIN! Newcastle go 2-0 up! Rondon scores a vintage number nine header at the near post from a Kenedy cross. He makes a darting run across Ake and beats him to the ball to connect with a bullet header into the top-left corner.,1
Adam SmithBournemouth · Defender #15Daniels comes on in place of the injured Smith. ,0
ONDON MAKES IT 1-0 TO NEWCASTLE! Begovic saves Rondon's close-range effort, but the ball bounces straight back to the big centre forward and he calmly puts it into the net. ,1
GOALLLL! DAVIS GETS HIS FIRST PREMIER LEAGUE GOAL! It's heartbreak for the Baggies as a mix up between Bartley and Johnstone allows Davis to sneak in and poke the ball home for his first ever goal in the Premier League! That could be the end of West Brom's survival hopes and it was down to their own mistake.,1
Bertrand TraoréAston Villa · Midfielder #15Villa make their third change as Wesley makes his return from injury replacing Traore.,0
Ainsley Maitland-NilesWest Brom · Midfielder #30O'Shea replaces Maitland-Niles as West Brom make their second change and look to hold on to their precious 2-1 lead.,0
Ross BarkleyAston Villa · Midfielder #20Barkley is taken off for Davis in Villa's second substitution of the game. Dean Smith has to go for it now if they're to take anything from this match.,0
Douglas LuizAston Villa · Midfielder #6Douglas Luiz is replaced by Ramsey as Dean Smith makes his first change of the match.,0
Yokuslu goes into the book after a cynical foul on Watkins. He took one for the team there and picks up the second booking of the match.,2
Callum RobinsonWest Brom · Midfielder #7Sam Allardyce makes the first change of the match as Robinson is replaced by Phillips. Allardyce obviously feels the need for fresh legs in midfield to help on the defensive side of this game.,0
Gallagher picks up the first booking of the match after a late challenge on Targett by the dugout. ,2
Penalty GoalGOALLL! PEREIRA MAKES IT 1-1! West Brom's top goalscorer this season makes no mistake and fires the ball into the roof of the net, and fires his side back into this game which they desperately needed! A goal a piece. A penalty a piece. West Brom are back level.,1
Penalty GoalGOALLLL! EL GHAZI OPENS THE SCORING! The Dutchman steps to take the penalty and drills it hard and low into the corner giving Johnstone no chance. Villa have an early 1-0 lead after a really silly mistake from Ajeyi. Allardyce won't be happy with how his team have started this one.,1
Raphinha kicks the ball away in frustration after being penalised for a foul, and receives a yellow card for his troubles.,2
As McGinn receives a bit of treatment, the referee books James for the foul.,2
Philippe CoutinhoAston Villa · Midfielder #23The excellent Coutinho makes way for Buendia to rapturous applause from the away end.,0
Asst: T. MingsWhat a goal!!! Chambers makes it 3-0 with a brilliant finish. A free-kick ends up with Mings at the back post, who lays it off to his centre-back partner before the former Arsenal man curls the ball into the far corner to surely put the game to bed.,1
Danny IngsAston Villa · Striker #20Sanson comes on for Ings as Gerrard looks to see this game out.,0
Adam ForshawLeeds United · Midfielder #4Marsch puts on Klich for Forshaw as he is forced to chase the game.,0
sst: D. IngsCash makes it 2-0!!! Ings picks him out with a brilliant crossfield ball, and the full-back does superbly to cut onto his left foot past Firpo in the box, before lashing past Meslier to double his side's advantage.,1
uiz is booked for kicking the ball away after McGinn was penalised for a foul on Bamford.,2
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #22There's a huge roar from the home crowd as Bamford comes on for Harrison, in his return from injury. Can he get his side back into the game?,0
ings is yellow-carded for clattering into James on the touchline.,2
Rodrigo MorenoLeeds United · Midfielder #19Marsch does indeed turn to his bench at half-time, bringing on Gelhardt for Rodrigo ahead of the second period.,0
och sees yellow for cynically dragging down Ramsey as the Englishman strode forwards through midfield.,2
Asst: M. CashThe visitors lead!!! Digne whips a dangerous ball in from the left that just evades Watkins' toe, but Villa recycle the ball well and Cash lays it back to Coutinho. The Brazilian takes the shot first time and via a deflection off Struijk, the ball ends up in the back of the net to make it 1-0.,1
Watkins is the first player to go into referee Simon Hooper's book after a very late challenge on Ayling.,2
Asst: M. KudusGOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!!!! WEST HAM ARE IN FRONT! It's another sensational ball in from Kudus for Soucek at the back post, who volleys the Hammers ahead in the 91st minute!,1
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Gudmundsson is subbed off and Cullen takes his place. The Icelandic winger had created the most chances in the match in an impressive display.,0
Luca KoleoshoBurnley · Midfielder #30Koleosho departs to a chorus of cheers from the Burnley faithful. He's been their best player in this match and is replaced by Zaroury.,0
Zeki AmdouniBurnley · Striker #25Burnley make their first change as Ramsey replaces Amdouni. The Burnley striker put himself about today and played well.,0
mdouni is hauled down on the halfway line as Coufal and Zouma chase him. The former is booked but it looked as though it was the latter that made the contact.,2
Edson ÁlvarezWest Ham · Midfielder #19It will be a double change for West Ham as Alvarez is replaced by Benrahma. That might have something to do with the fact that he's on a yellow card.,0
Danny IngsWest Ham · Striker #18Mubama comes on in place of Ings, who has not enjoyed a happy return to Turf Moor eight years after leaving the club.,0
enalty GoalGOOOOOOOOOOOOALLL!!! What a huge moment this could be for Burnley! Rodriguez drills the ball down the middle from the spot and Burnley are ahead!,1
Alvarez talked his way into the book before the Burnley penalty was overturned.,2
aqueta drives through the Burnley midfield and Beyer trips him to earn the first booking of the match.,2
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Midfielder #10Dybala comes off to applause from the supporters as Jorge will finish the match. ,0
Andrea CambiasoGenoa · Midfielder #50Cambiaso is withdrawn with five minutes left as Melegoni gets a chance to stretch his legs.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #20Allegri makes a change immediately as Bernardeschi is brought off for Rabiot. ,0
Asst: F. BernardeschiJUVENTUS HAVE THEIR INSURANCE! 2-0! Bernardeschi plays a pass into the penalty area with the outside of his foot for Dybala, who gets on the ball and fires a low drive to the far post with his left - beating the outstretched palm of Sirigu!,1
Kean runs across Biraschi during the defender's attempted clearance - catching his shooting leg after the ball had gone. It's a yellow card for the Juventus substitute.,2
Mattia BaniGenoa · Defender #13Vanheusden is on for Bani as Shevchenko continues to look for a way to change the match. ,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Morata is taken off by Allegri as Kean is sent on - which prompts the Spain international to get into an argument with his coach on the sidelines. The former Chelsea and Atletico Madrid striker unleashes his frustration on Allegri, who isn’t shy of yelling back.,0
orata is called for handball inside Genoa’s penalty area and has words for both Biraschi and the referee. The striker has been furious for much of the game but this time his talking gets him in trouble as the referee produces a yellow card.,2
Abdoulaye TouréGenoa · Midfielder #94Toure won't play any further part in this match. Portanova is selected to see out the remainder. ,0
Valon BehramiGenoa · Midfielder #11Behrami is also replaced at this time, as Galdames takes over in midfield. ,0
Flavio BianchiGenoa · Striker #24Genoa are set to make three changes with 30 minutes left to go as Shevchenko searches for an answer. The first swap sees Pandev replace Bianchi. ,0
Cambiaso is shown a yellow card for tugging back Kulusevski after Genoa’s corner was repelled - sending Juventus on a counter-attack.,2
Luca PellegriniJuventus · Defender #17A change at the half sees the booked Pellegrini replaced by Sandro at left-back. ,0
Pellegrini goes into a sliding challenge in order to win the ball but the referee deems the slide reckless as Ghiglione is sent crashing to the turf. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus left-back, who is starting ahead of Sandro today.,2
JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD WITHIN 10 MINUTES! It’s an unbelievable hit as Colombia international Cuadrado scores directly from a corner-kick, sending his delivery curling into the top corner, beating a full-stretch Sirigu at the far post! Incredible goal! 1-0!,1
Asst: G. SimeoneGAME OVER! Napoli 3-1 Inter! Gaetano seals the deal, as a stretched Inter defence disintegrates. With Onana left exposed, Simeone plays his fellow substitute in via a short pass across the box, and he finds the bottom-right corner!,1
Asst: A. AnguissaNAPOLI BACK IN FRONT! With a sublime moment of inspiration, the captain strikes! Di Lorenzo steams up from right-back to reach the edge of the area, then picks out the top-left corner by placing a curling shot into the net from 20 yards out - opening goalscorer Anguissa played him in! It's 2-1 to the hosts in Naples!,1
Khvicha KvaratskheliaNapoli · Striker #77Politano comes on for a tired Kvaratskhelia.,0
Piotr ZielińskiNapoli · Midfielder #20Spalletti responds to Inter's equaliser by making two more changes. First, Gaetano replaces Zielinski in midfield.,0
Asst: F. DimarcoLUKAKU STRIKES! Somehow, Inter draw level! They've barely left their half since the interval, but the 10-man Nerazzurri bring it back to 1-1! Dimarco adds another assist to his growing haul, as he whips over a low cross from the left for Lukaku to steer past a motionless Meret!,1
Robin GosensInter · Midfielder #8Inzaghi makes a more positive substitution now, as Martinez arrives in place of Gosens.,0
Raoul BellanovaInter · Midfielder #12Dumfries is brought in for Bellanova, in a straight swap on the Nerazzurri's right flank.,0
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #11Inter bring on two fresh wing-backs. First, Correa's thankless shift up front comes to an end, as Dimarco arrives from the bench.,0
Kim Min-jaeNapoli · Defender #3Napoli make a further change, as Kim is replaced by ex-Inter defender Jesus for the final few minutes.,0
Victor OsimhenNapoli · Striker #9Clearly questioning Spalletti as to why he was withdrawn, Osimhen must make way for Simeone.,0
Elif ElmasNapoli · Striker #7Elmas also comes off, with Raspadori joining the Napoli front line.,0
Asst: P. ZielińskiNAPOLI LEAD! Using the element of surprise, Anguissa whips a volley on the turn into the net via Onana's left glove! Finally, Inter's resistance is broken, as the midfielder controls Zielinski's low pass and strikes first time: it's 1-0 to the champions!,1
fter bringing down Brozovic in midfield, Elmas is shown a yellow card which means that he'll be suspended for next week's match against Bologna.,2
Alessandro BastoniInter · Defender #95Acerbi will replace Bastoni at the back for Inter.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Inzaghi now makes a couple of changes. First, Barella makes way for Brozovic in central midfield.,0
NTER DOWN TO 10 MEN! The Nerazzurri's task has just become much tougher! Having been warned several times since his earlier booking, Gagliardini receives a second yellow card for an ill-timed tackle on Anguissa in midfield. He's off!,3
or diving in recklessly to a tackle on Di Lorenzo, Gagliardini becomes the first player booked by the referee today.,2
omiyasu shows great skill to flick the ball past Ronaldo and the United man dives in and brings him down, earning a yellow card in the process.,2
Cédric SoaresArsenal · Defender #17A late Arsenal substitution sees Cedric replaced by Tomiyasu,0
Bruno FernandesMan United · Midfielder #18Fernandes heads off the pitch and on comes Mata in the late stages.,0
indelof flies into the back of Nketiah and is shown a yellow card.,2
Elneny is booked after he catches McTominay late in midfield.,2
Anthony ElangaMan United · Midfielder #36The other change sees Elanga replaced by Lingard.,0
Nemanja MatićMan United · Midfielder #31United make a double change, with Matic the first to come off and he has been replaced by Rashford.,0
Fernandes is booked after he lunges in and catches Tavares high and late on the leg. VAR take a look to see if a red should be shown, but they agree with the referee's decision.,2
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Another Arsenal change coming up now, with Saka heading off and he has been replaced by Holding.,0
Asst: M. ElnenyGOOOAAALLL! WHAT A GOAL BY XHAKA! United fail to clear the danger and Elneny picks it up around 30 yards out, he then plays it to Xhaka to his left and the midfielder powers his strike straight into the bottom right corner of the net. De Gea had no chance of stopping that, it’s 3-1!,1
Another yellow card now, as Tavares pulls the shirt of Elanga as he looked to break away quickly.,2
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Midfielder #10Arsenal make their first substitution, with Smith Rowe the man coming off and he has been replaced by Martinelli.,0
sst: N. MatićGOOOAAALLL! UNITED PULL ONE BACK! Matic whips a superb cross into the penalty area from the left and Ronaldo gets ahead of Tavares and Gabriel, firing the ball past Ramsdale and into the back of the net to make it 2-1!,1
Telles is booked for the challenge on Saka, which has led to the Arsenal penalty. It looks like Saka is going to be the man to take it.,2
GOOOAAALLL! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD! What a start by the Gunners, but it’s awful defending from United! A deep cross comes into the box from the left wing and Varane and Telles both take a swing at the ball but miss it and it falls to Saka at the back post. Saka tries to curl it into the bottom left corner of the net, but De Gea makes a great diving save to deny him. However, it lands straight into the path of Tavares, who has a tap-in from close range and he makes it 1-0.,1
GaviBarcelona · Midfielder #6Gavi heads off the field as Barca try to run the clock down, as Angel Alarcon enters the fray for the last few minutes.,0
Gavi twists and turns away from Zarraga, but is pulled to the deck by his shirt and the Bilbao substitute is shown the yellow card!,2
Óscar de MarcosAthletic Club · Defender #18Bilbao captain De Marcos is withdrawn late, and Ander Capa comes on at right-back.,0
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroAthletic Club · Midfielder #7Berenguer has been Athletic's best in the middle of the park, but he comes off now for Gorka Guruzeta to provide attacking reinforcements.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20With one winger off for a full-back, Barca bring off a full-back for a winger, as Ansu Fati replaces the booked Roberto.,0
RaphinhaBarcelona · Striker #22Barcelona make further changes, with the first seeing Raphinha replaced by Marcos Alonso.,0
Kounde is caught out on the edge of his own box and Muniain picks his pocket, but the Bilbao substitute is dragged back by Roberto, who is immediately shown a yellow card for the foul!,2
Mikel BalenziagaAthletic Club · Defender #24Balenziaga comes off in Bilbao's latest change, and Yuri Berchiche, who wasn't deemed fit enough to start from the off, slots in at left-back.,0
Ferran TorresBarcelona · Striker #11Torres comes off in Barca's first change of the game, and Franck Kessie's introduction in midfield will likely see Gavi push forward into the left-wing role.,0
Raúl GarcíaAthletic Club · Midfielder #22Raul Garcia also comes off, with Iker Muniain slotting into the Athletic front four.,0
Mikel VesgaAthletic Club · Midfielder #6Athletic make their first changes, as Vesga is replaced in midfield by Oier Zarraga.,0
Asst: S. BusquetsGOOOOAAALLL!!! Barca open the scoring right on half-time!! Raphinha's attempted cross into the area is headed clear, but Busquets recovers it, and he finds the Brazilian in open space to lash the ball into the far corner of the net!!! There's a big question of offside with the goal not given initially, but VAR finds that the linesman flagged for the offside Torres instead. Raphinha is behind the last defender, and there's nothing wrong with the finish either, meaning it's 1-0 to Barcelona!,1
naki Williams chases another long pass which is cut out by Kounde; however the striker drags him to the floor and is shown the game's first yellow card!,2
Vallejo picks up a late yellow card for a foul on Puig. It's academic at this point, though, as the final whistle blows!,2
Asst: A. GriezmannGOAL! GRANADA 3-5 BARCELONA! Barca have finally got the comfortable lead they deserve. Granada block Messi's shot from the centre of the box but Griezmann picks up the pieces and lofts the ball to Alba at the far post who lashes home on the volley.,1
GOAL! GRANADA 3-4 BARCELONA! Barca grab the lead for the second time! Escandell spills Messi's low shot from outside the box. de Jong arrives quickly to slot it home. It's not Escandell's fault - without him Granada would have been dead and buried long before this.,1
Yan Brice EtekiGranada · Midfielder #8Granada make a quick change during the break. Eleki is replaced by the Atletico Madrid loanee centre-back Perez.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Barca make a change during the break. Lenglet is on for Pedri.,0
Alba's booked for his reaction to the penalty being given. Granada have the chance to equalise from the spot...,2
Penalty GoalGOAL! GRANADA 3-3 BARCELONA! Vico steps up to slot the penalty calmly past ter Stegen! Barca have shot themselves in the foot again.,1
sst: J. AlbaGOAL! GRANADA 2-3 BARCELONA! Barca grab the lead for the first time in this tie! They've come back from two goals down! Griezmann powers a header into the net from Alba's cross. There was nothing Escandell could do about it.,1
Montoro gets a yellow card for a poor challenge on de Jong as Barca search for a winner.,2
Asst: A. GriezmannGOAL! GRANADA 2-2 BARCELONA! Barca come back from 2-0 down! Alba finishes from close range as Griezmann nods the ball down to the left-back. Granada understandably look crestfallen.,1
sst: L. MessiGOAL! GRANADA 2-1 BARCELONA! They couldn't, could they? It's a cruel goal for Escandell to concede after the game he's had, as Griezmann's speculative near post shot hits the post and rebounds off the keeper into his own net.,1
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Barcelona make a substitution. Puig is on for Busqets. Koeman might as well give the 21-year-old a runout at this point.,0
Roberto SoldadoGranada · Striker #9Granada make their fourth change of the game. Suarez is on for Soldado who's done his job well.,0
Samuel UmtitiBarcelona · Defender #23Umtiti, who's been at fault for both of Granada's goals, also goes off. Braithwaite is on.,0
Francisco TrincãoBarcelona · Striker #17Koeman decides to make a change. Dembele is on for Trincao who won't be scoring today but perhaps should have done.,0
Alberto SoroGranada · Midfielder #26Granada are making some curiously early changes. Soro is the next player to head off. The left-sided Vico is on for him.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20Roberto trudges off for treatment. Hopefully his injury isn't too bad. Dest takes his place as Barca's right-back.,0
sst: Ángel MontoroGOAL! GRANADA 2-0 BARCELONA! Barca are in real trouble. Montoro cuts out an attack on the edge of his own box and launches it forward to Soldado with Barca's defence caught upfield. Soldado takes it into the area and slots it calmly past ter Stegen!,1
Víctor Díaz MiguelGranada · Defender #16Diaz is the other Granada player to make way. Foulquier replaces him at right-back.,0
KenedyGranada · Midfielder #24Granada make two half-time substitutions. That's surprising. Kenedy is replaced by Machis.,0
Asst: A. SoroGOAL! GRANADA 1-0 BARCELONA! That makes things interesting! Barca make a hash of passing out from the back and Soro pickpockets Umtiti near the byline. The midfielder rolls across goal to Kenedy who taps in!,1
teki's rightly booked for barging Messi off the ball during a Barca counter-attack. He knew what he was doing.,2
Messi's booked for catching Diaz with a high foot. That was scarcely worse than the challenge he suffered a few moments ago but those are the rules.,2
Asst: DaniloGOOOOAAALLL!!!! That's the cherry on the icing!!! Danilo surges forward to latch onto Locatelli's throughball, and squares to Rabiot in the box. He has the easiest of finishes the stroke the ball home, for his second of the match, and makes it a rousing 4-0 to Juventus!,1
Nicolas HaasEmpoli · Midfielder #32Haas comes off in Empoli's latest change, and Duccio Degli Innocenti will replace him for the final few minutes.,0
Filip KostićJuventus · Midfielder #17Kostic, like Cuadrado, has been absolutely sublime out wide, but comes off for the last few minutes, giving winger Samuel Iling-Junior the chance to come on for his debut.,0
Asst: J. CuadradoGOOOOAAALLL!!! That'll seal it!!! Kostic wins another corner, and Cuadrado swings it in again. Finding the back post this time, Rabiot meets the ball with a thumping header, which despite being clawed out of the goalmouth by Vicario, did indeed cross the line!!! The goal-line technology confirms Juve's third goal, and at 3-0, they're coasting to victory here in Turin.,1
Moise KeanJuventus · Striker #18Denied a second goal by the offside flag, Kean won't be adding to his tally further, as he comes off for Bianconeri youngster Fabio Miretti.,0
Daniele RuganiJuventus · Defender #24Rugani comes off in Juve's latest change, and there'll likely be a change in formation with the introduction of attacking left-wing-back Alex Sandro.,0
Mattia DestroEmpoli · Striker #23Destro has barely had a scrap of attacking ammunition this half, and also comes off for Sam Lammers to see out the game.,0
Filippo BandinelliEmpoli · Midfielder #25Another Empoli change sees Bandinelli withdrawn, and replaced in midfield by Liam Henderson.,0
Haas loses the ball in midfield and goes down, but a free-kick is not coming his way. Juve play on and look to counter, but the Empoli midfielder races back and flies into Milik from behind! The nasty challenge results in a yellow card, and a free-kick right on the edge of Empoli's box.,2
Weston McKennieJuventus · Midfielder #8Second goalscorer McKennie comes off too, and his place in midfield is taken by on-loan PSG man Leandro Paredes.,0
Dušan VlahovićJuventus · Striker #9Juve make their first pair of changes, the first of which sees Vlahovic withdrawn for Arkadiusz Milik up top.,0
Martín SatrianoEmpoli · Striker #9The booked Satriano also comes off, and is replaced in attack by Tommaso Baldanzi.,0
Marko PjacaEmpoli · Midfielder #14On-loan forward Pjaca has been kept quiet by his parent club's defence, and the Croatian comes off now for Nedim Bajrami to be Empoli's first substitute of the match.,0
atriano is also booked for his part in the melee, and the discipline in this game is just starting to wane as we enter the last half hour.,2
Tempers flare at the other end now, with a crowd of players surrounding Rabiot and Satriano. The pair are eventually separated, and the first yellow card is shown towards Rabiot.,2
sst: J. CuadradoGOOOOOAAAALLL!!! There's the second!!! After winning a corner following a fast break, Cuadrado whips the ball in for Juventus, and McKennie rises highest at the front post to head beyond Vicario and into the back of the net!!! 2-0 to the Old Lady, and that might just see off any chance of Empoli rescuing this game.,1
The visitors look to break after holding out a lengthy period of Juve pressure, but Cuadrado slides into Satriano late and catches him, warranting both a foul and a yellow card.,2
Asst: F. KostićGOOOOAAAALLLL!!! The Bianconeri hit the front!!! Rabiot glides through midfield before feeding Kostic, who swings a cross to the front post from the touchline. Kean ghosts in behind his marker and gets enough contact on the ball to beat Vicario at his near post and put Juventus into a 1-0 lead! A first goal of the season for the Italy international, and it's got the Old Lady off to a flyer!,1
Jean LucasMonaco · Midfielder #11Lucas also comes off, he's been magnificent too, and Guillermo Maripan comes on to shore things up at the back.,0
Wissam Ben YedderMonaco · Striker #10That penalty was Ben Yedder's last touch, as Myron Boadu comes on to see out the game.,0
Penalty GoalGOOAAALLL!!!! That was lucky! Ben Yedder's low penalty is initially parried by Donnarumma in the bottom left corner, but the ball bounces back up, hits the opposite post, and goes in! A touch of fortune perhaps, but it's the least Monaco deserve, they have been superb in this game and lead 3-0.,1
impembe is lucky that his card is yellow rather than red, but regardless, Monaco can well and truly put this game to bed in the next few seconds.,2
NeymarPSG · Striker #10Neymar comes off too, with Julian Draxler taking his place in attack.,0
Nuno MendesPSG · Defender #25More changes come on for PSG, with Abdou Diallo replacing Mendes at left-back.,0
chouameni needlessly leaves a foot in on Neymar after the Brazilian passes the ball, and picks up a yellow card in the process.,2
Aleksandr GolovinMonaco · Midfielder #17Golovin has been good down the left for the hosts, but his game comes to an end with the introduction of Ismail Jakobs.,0
Georginio WijnaldumPSG · Striker #18PSG ring the changes following that goal, bringing off Wijnaldum for Mauro Icardi.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Paredes is also withdrawn by Mauricio Pochettino, and Idrissa Gueye will take to the field in his place.,0
Asst: R. AguilarGOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!! Duck broken!!!! Ben Yedder races down the right before finding Aguilar, whose first-time cross is my by Volland on the run. He's falling as he shoots, but squeezes the ball beyond Donnarumma and into the bottom corner! 2-0 to Monaco, and Volland has his first goal of 2022!,1
Marquinhos is caught between simultaneous challenges from Volland and Golovin, with the substitute catching the PSG captain in the face and being yellow carded as a result.,2
Gelson MartinsMonaco · Midfielder #7Martins has been one of Monaco's standout performers in this game, but he's replaced just after the hour mark by Kevin Volland.,0
Neymar is dispossessed by Fofana and then lashes out at the Monaco midfielder, catching him late as the two get their legs tangled. The Brazilian in booked, and that's two yellows in as many minutes for PSG's star forwards.,2
bappe runs onto a quick free-kick before going down under pressure from Disasi. The referee waves away his penalty claims, and the following dissent from Mbappe towards him results in a booking for the France forward.,2
eymar strides forward and look set to pull the trigger, but back comes Martins to scythe him down for a free-kick. Martins is booked, and Neymar stands over the ball in a very dangerous shooting position.,2
Asst: Y. FofanaGOOOOAAAALLL!!! Monaco get their breakthrough! It's been coming, and as Fofana bursts down the right he spots Ben Yedder in the centre, and the captain fires a first-time back-heeled shot beyond Donnarumma at his near post and into the back of the net! What a finish from Ben Yedder, and it's clear that he and his teammates are playing with confidence as the hosts take a 1-0 lead.,1
Dallas slides in on Aubameyang to stop the counter-attack and picks up a late yellow card.,2
Dani CeballosArsenal · Midfielder #8Final change for Arsenal now and Arteta is bringing on another defender in Holding for Ceballos.,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #11Second change for Arsenal now and it's Odegaard that's making way for Elneny.,0
Struijk picks up the first yellow card of the game for a handball.,2
Asst: T. RobertsCOSTA SCORES! Leeds get in behind Arsenal with a couple of passes and Roberts pulls it back for Costa on the edge of the box. He fires his shot past Leno first time and Leeds have pulled another one back. 4-2! ,1
Emile Smith RoweArsenal · Midfielder #32First change for Arsenal now and it's Smith Rowe that's making way for Willian.,0
Asst: RaphinhaLEEDS SCORE! Struijk makes a run from the edge of the area and Saka just loses track of him as he makes a run into the six-yard box. He beats Luiz to it and sends his header past Leno to pull one back for Leeds. 4-1!,1
Ezgjan AlioskiLeeds United · Defender #10Final roll of the dice for Leeds now as Huggins comes on to replace Alioski.,0
Asst: E. Smith RoweHAT-TRICK! Arsenal pick up where they left off in the first half as Aubameyang scores his third! Smith Rowe swings in a cross and Aubameyang just pulled away from Struijk at the far post to head it in at the far post. 4-0 Arsenal!,1
Jack HarrisonLeeds United · Midfielder #22Harrison is the other player to make way, with Costa on for him.,0
Mateusz KlichLeeds United · Midfielder #43Bielsa is making a double change for the second half. Klich comes off, with Roberts on in his place.,0
sst: D. CeballosBELLERIN SCORES! It looked like Arsenal had overplayed it at first as they passed it around on the edge of the box, but they managed to open up space. Ceballos picks out Bellerin at a tight angle on the right and he slots it past Meslier at the near post. 3-0 Arsenal!  ,1
Penalty GoalAUBAMEYANG SCORES! It's the Arsenal captain that steps up to take the spot-kick and he coolly slots it past Meslier. He sends the goalkeeper the wrong way, firing his shot into the left of the net to double the lead. 2-0 Arsenal! ,1
Asst: G. XhakaARSENAL LEAD! Aubameyang has a lot of space to run into after cutting inside from the left and he wrongfoots Ayling to open up space for the shot. He keeps it low, hitting it into the near bottom corner and Meslier can't get down to keep it out. 1-0 Arsenal! ,1
RED CARD! Unable to deal with the searing pace of Nico Williams, Eric Garcia goes to ground as the last man in a desperate attempt to win the ball on the edge of the box, but he catches the Athletic substitute and is shown a straight red card! Barcelona are down to 10 men and Athletic have a free-kick in a very dangerous position!,3
Sergiño DestBarcelona · Defender #2Koeman also makes a substitution now, replacing Dest with Emerson in a like-for-like change at right-back.,0
Alejandro Berenguer RemiroAthletic Club · Midfielder #7Marcelino makes two more changes as the game draws to a close. Berenguer is off for Morcillo in the first alteration.,0
Dani GarcíaAthletic Club · Midfielder #14Dani Garcia is the next to make way, with Zarraga taking his place in the side for the final eight minutes plus stoppage time.,0
Alba is booked for a poor challenge on Williams as the Athletic forward advanced down the wing in an attempt to get his side back in front.,2
Iker MuniainAthletic Club · Midfielder #10Marcelino makes a substitution in the immediate aftermath of that goal, replacing Muniain with Nico Williams.,0
sst: S. RobertoGOAL!!! DEPAY SMASHES HOME THE EQUALISER FOR BARCELONA!!! Roberto plays it over the top for the Dutchman's run into space down the left and he rifles a left-footed effort into the top corner of the near post! It's 1-1 now!,1
Oihan SancetAthletic Club · Striker #8Sancet is also replaced for Athletic, with Raul Garcia coming on to take his place up front alongside Williams.,0
Unai VencedorAthletic Club · Midfielder #16Marcelino makes a double-change of his own now. Vencedor goes off for Vesga in the first substitution.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Koeman makes a double-change now in an attempt to get his team back on level terms. Pedri is replaced by Roberto in the first alteration.,0
Martin BraithwaiteBarcelona · Striker #12Meanwhile, Braithwaite also makes way, with exciting young forward Demir taking his place.,0
sst: I. MuniainGOAL!!! ATHLETIC TAKE THE LEAD!! Martinez loses Garcia in the middle and races to the near post to meet Muniain's corner, which he glances expertly across goal and inside the far post beyond Neto! It's 1-0 to Athletic!,1
Gerard PiquéBarcelona · Defender #3Pique's injury forces Koeman into an early substitution now, with Araujo coming on to partner Garcia at centre-back.,0
A last-ditch block puts an end to a Barcelona attack and Athletic launch it long in the hope of hitting the visitors on the break. Garcia hauls Williams down as the ball flies over his head, however, and earns himself a yellow card.,2
artinez slides into a challenge on Pedri and wins the ball, but catches the young midfielder on the top of the foot with his studs on the follow-through. The referee brandishes a yellow card and the Athletic defender is furious with the decision.,2
Akapo blocks off the run of Gutierrez down the left flank and is booked by the referee.,2
MarceloReal Madrid · Midfielder #12Gutierrez replaces Marcelo for the final 16 minutes of the contest.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Mariano makes his way on to the field to replace Benzema.,0
Marcelo trips Lozano on a surge through the middle of the park and goes into the book.,2
Alfonso EspinoCádiz · Defender #22Alejo comes on to replace Espino on the Cadiz left flank.,0
Álvaro OdriozolaReal Madrid · Midfielder #19Isco replaces Odriozola for the visitors. The wing-back is withdrawn after a goalscoring performance.,0
Vinicius JuniorReal Madrid · Striker #20Asensio makes his way on to the pitch to replace Vinicius in the final third.,0
Raphaël VaraneReal Madrid · Defender #5Varane makes a successful return to action after recovering from Covid-19. He is withdrawn for Carvajal in the Madrid backline.,0
acho brings down Saponjic with a loose challenge and goes into the book.,2
José María Martín Bejarano-SerranoCádiz · Midfielder #6Cala comes on to the field for the home side in place of Jose Mari.,0
Isaac CarcelénCádiz · Defender #20Iza is withdrawn for Akapo for the home side.,0
Salvador Sanchez PonceCádiz · Midfielder #7Lozano makes his way on to the field to replace Sanchez.,0
Álvaro NegredoCádiz · Striker #18Saponjic is on for Negredo in the final third for the hosts.,0
onsson brings down Vinicius on a forward run and goes into the book. He will miss Cadiz's next match.,2
sst: CasemiroGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA HEADS IN MADRID'S THIRD!!!!! 3-0!!!! The visitors are in cruise control now as Benzema converts a close-range header for his second of the contest. Cadiz fail to clear their lines following a surge from Vinicius. Casemiro latches on to the loose ball in the box and lifts a cross towards the six-yard box. Benzema is unmarked and plants his header past a stranded Ledesma.,1
Asst: K. BenzemaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ODRIOZOLA HEADS HOME!!!!!! 2-0 MADRID!!!! The visitors double their lead as Odriozola is on the spot at the back post to head his effort between the legs of Ledesma. Iza loses possession at the back for Cadiz and Los Blancos work the ball to Benzema. He skips past Jonsson in the left-inside channel before delivering a sublime cross to the back post. Odriozola meets it and directs his header low and past the Cadiz keeper.,1
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! BENZEMA CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!!! 1-0 MADRID!!!! Los Blancos take the as the Frenchman holds his composure from 12 yards. He blasts a right-footed strike past the outstretched hand of Ledesma into the bottom-left corner. A perfect penalty.,1
arane gets in the way of a clearance from Ledesma after he gathers a corner from the left flank. The defender goes into the book for stopping a quick break.,2
anchez trips Vinicius on the charge down the left flank and goes into the book. He will miss Cadiz's next game.,2
Lenglet isn't happy when a free-kick goes against him and he punches the ball away in frustration which earns him a yellow card.,2
José Luis MoralesLevante · Striker #11Final change for Levante now and Morales is being taken off, with Kochorashvili on in his place.,0
Sergi RobertoBarcelona · Defender #20Final change for Barcelona now and it looks like Roberto has picked up an injury as he gingerly makes his way off the field with Puig replacing him.,0
sst: ToñoLEON EQUALISES! Dest slips after he tries to win the ball off Tono, which gives him chance to get it into the box. Leon gets goalside of Pique at the near post and he cleverly flicks it past the defender and catches out Ter Stegen at his near post to pull Levante level again. 3-3!,1
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Striker #7Koeman is making a double change now and he's taking off Griezmann first, with Braithwaite going on in his place.,0
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Midfielder #11Dembele is also making way, with Dest on to replace him.,0
The yellow card is out again, this time for Morales, who pulled Dembele down to stop his run.,2
De Jong catches Malsa with a late challenge and is shown a yellow card.,2
Roger MartíLevante · Striker #9Roger is also being taken off, with Leon on to replace him.,0
Jorge MiramónLevante · Defender #20Levante are making another double change and Miramon is the first to make way, with Coke on in his place.,0
PedriBarcelona · Midfielder #16Second change for Barcelona now and it's a defensive one as Mingueza comes on to replace Pedri.,0
The referee gave a free-kick against Malsa after he brought down De Jong and Levante aren't happy about it. De Frutos made his feelings clear and he's booked for dissent.,2
BARCELONA ARE BACK IN FRONT! It didn't take long, but Dembele has fired the visitors into the lead again! Griezmann turns away from Miramon at the edge of the box, but the defender's touch rolls the ball into Dembele's path. He sets himself before drilling his shot over Fernandez and into the back of the net. 3-2 Barca! ,1
Óscar DuarteLevante · Defender #6Duarte is also making way, with Malsa on in his place.,0
Enis BardhiLevante · Midfielder #10There's a double change for Levante following the equaliser and Lopez is bringing on Gomez for Bardhi.,0
Asst: RogerMORALES EQUALISES! It's a poor pass back from Messi that's intercepted and Levante take full advantage! Roger picks out Morales and he takes a touch before drilling his shot across goal to pick out the far bottom corner. 2-2! ,1
Asst: Jorge MiramónLEVANTE PULL ONE BACK! It's a wonderful cross in from Miramon on the right and two Levante players are going for it in the middle. Morales throws himself forward but misses it and Melero is right behind him to power his header past Ter Stegen. 2-1! ,1
Ronald AraújoBarcelona · Defender #4Araujo picked up an injury towards the end of the first half, so he isn't coming back out for the second half and Roberto is on for him.,0
Asst: O. DembéléPEDRI SCORES! Dembele is under pressure from Duarte as he drives into the box, but he manages to pull it back from the byline to pick out Pedri in the middle. He has an empty net to aim for as Fernandez was drawn to the ball and he taps it over the line. 2-0 Barca!,1
MESSI SCORES! Alba's cross from the left takes a big deflection off Miramon at the near post, but it falls to Messi in space just inside the box. He's off-balance as he hits the shot on the volley, but he strikes it cleanly and it beats Fernandez and it nestles into the bottom corner. 1-0 Barca!,1
Patrick BurnerNîmes · Defender #21Late Nimes substitution now, with Burner replaced by Alakouch.,0
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7The other change for the hosts sees Mbappe replaced up front by Icardi.,0
Mitchel BakkerPSG · Defender #25Double PSG substitution late on, with Bakker coming off and he is replaced by Kurzawa.,0
Zinedine FerhatNîmes · Midfielder #10Another substitution by the visitors, with Ferhat the man departing and he has been replaced by Benrahou.,0
Leandro ParedesPSG · Midfielder #8Paredes also heads off and he is replaced by Pereira.,0
Moise KeanPSG · Striker #18PSG now with a double substitution of their own, the first change sees Draxler come on in place of Kean.,0
Renaud RipartNîmes · Midfielder #20The other change by the visitors sees Ripart replaced by Kone.,0
Haris DuljevićNîmes · Striker #17Here is the double Nimes substitution, with Duljevic heading off and he has been replaced by Majouga.,0
Ángel Di MaríaPSG · Midfielder #11PSG have made their first change of the game, with Di Maria the man coming off and he has been replaced by Rafinha.,0
sst: L. ParedesGOAL! Mbappe makes it 3-0! What a superb goal is it as well. Parades finds the striker in space on the edge of the box, he takes a touch and then picks his spot in the top right-hand corner of the net. An excellent finish and one that surely wraps up the victory for the hosts.,1
Mattéo AhlinviNîmes · Midfielder #11The visitors have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Ahlinvi the man coming off and he has been replaced by Deaux.,0
Asst: A. Di MaríaGOAL! PSG double their lead, Sarabia makes it 2-0! Di Maria spots the run of Sarabia behind the Nimes defence and lofts a lovely ball over the top to him, who slides in and glances it with his head into the back of the net. Reynet with no chance of stopping that. Great move and finish.,1
eling has had a tough game so far and he is shown the first yellow card, after he gets on the wrong side of Di Maria and the left-back drags him down.,2
GOAL! PSG take the lead, it’s 1-0! Di Maria with the opening goal after 18 minutes. The winger cuts inside from the right wing and is fed in behind the visitors defence, before easily slotting the ball past Reynet and into the back of the net.,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!!!! DOBBIN MAKES IT 2-0!!!! Instead of taking a corner short and trying to keep it there, Garner decides to whip it into the box. It proves to be a great decision as the substitute goalkeeper Petrovic fails to punch clear the delivery, sending it straight into the path of Dobbin. The youngster sets himself before firing into the back of the net to spark wild celebrations and surely make the points safe for Everton!,1
Jack HarrisonEverton · Midfielder #11Dyche looks to his bench again, bringing on Dobbin for Harrison.,0
Marc CucurellaChelsea · Defender #3Maatsen also comes on for Cucurella. Can the young substitute make an impact over these final six or so minutes?,0
Robert SánchezChelsea · Goalkeeper #1Pochettino is forced into another change. This time it's between the sticks as Sanchez limps off for Petrovic.,0
Mudryk goes in the book for kicking the ball away in frustration after being penalised.,2
Dominic Calvert-LewinEverton · Striker #9Dyche freshens up his attack, replacing Calvert-Lewin with Beto. The former Udinese striker netted off the bench against Newcastle and will be looking to make a similar impact here.,0
Armando BrojaChelsea · Striker #19Jackson comes on for Broja, who failed to find the target with his only shot during his time on the pitch and struggled to make an impact.,0
Enzo FernándezChelsea · Midfielder #8In an attacking change, Pochettino brings on Sterling for Fernandez. Sterling, a former Liverpool player, receives a hostile welcome from the home crowd.,0
Branthwaite goes in the book for catching Broja not far outside the Everton box. Perhaps more worryingly, Chelsea will have a free-kick in a great shooting position.,2
GOOOAAALLL!!!!!! DOUCOURE FIRES EVERTON IN FRONT!!! The Toffees catch Chelsea on the counter, and McNeil slides a delightful pass into the path of Calvert-Lewin. Sanchez races out to close the angle and make the save from Calvert-Lewin's initial effort, but the ball only finds its way to the incoming Doucoure, who rifles into the back of the net. 1-0 to the hosts at Goodison Park!,1
Idrissa GueyeEverton · Midfielder #27Onana makes his return from injury as he comes on for Gueye at half-time.,0
Ashley YoungEverton · Defender #18Dyche is forced into another first-half change as Young limps off for Patterson. This has been a frustrating outing for the hosts so far.,0
Reece JamesChelsea · Defender #24James is forced off through injury and is replaced by Colwill. The Chelsea captain has had a torrid time of late in terms of his fitness, and both he and Pochettino will be hoping this fresh worry isn't too bad ahead of the busy upcoming schedule.,0
Palmer receives a yellow card for simulation after trying to win a penalty by trailing his leg in the box. Branthwaite didn't bite, and though Palmer did get up and try to play on, the referee blows and issues the Chelsea man a card.,2
Gueye goes in the book for a poor challenge on Fernandez. He went straight through the back of the Argentina international.,2
or an apparent handball, Timber is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Julian BrandtDortmund · Midfielder #19Brandt has been virtually invisible in his midfield role, and is replaced by Knauff for the final few minutes.,0
Sébastien HallerAjax · Striker #22Haller's work is done, as he is brought off and Daramy comes on.,0
Noussair MazraouiAjax · Defender #12With the game decided, Mazraoui is given a rest and Rensch is afforded an opportunity to impress.,0
Mats HummelsDortmund · Defender #15A miserable match for Hummels is brought to a premature close, with Pongracic now on to replace him.,0
Thomas MeunierDortmund · Defender #24Meunier is the latest man to be withdrawn by Rose, and Wolf is on in his place for the final 10 minutes.,0
AntonyAjax · Midfielder #11After an entertaining contribution to the match, Antony is replaced by his compatriot Neres in the Ajax attack.,0
Asst: D. BlindHALLER HAS HIS GOAL! A sixth goal of the group stage arrives for Ajax's star striker, as he steers a close-range header past Kobel from an accurate cutback by Blind. The Ivory Coast international missed out on European football last term due to a problem with his registration, but is certainly making up for lost time now! Ajax 4-0 Dortmund: this is becoming a rout!,1
Steven BerghuisAjax · Midfielder #23A straight swap for Ajax now, as Berghuis is substituted and Klaassen comes on in the number 10 role.,0
Asst: S. HallerANOTHER FOR AJAX! This time Antony gets it right! The elusive Brazilian collects a flicked header from Haller on the right side of the area, stands Can up and then proceeds to whip the ball around the static German defender and into the far corner of the Dortmund net - a delicious strike! Ajax have their three-goal lead: 3-0 to the Dutch champions!,1
Donyell MalenDortmund · Striker #21Rose has seen enough from Malen today, and Hazard is brought on in the Dutch striker's place. Not a happy return to his homeland for the former PSV man!,0
Nico SchulzDortmund · Defender #14Rose has had a half-time rethink, and Schulz has been replaced by Can for Dortmund.,0
Conceding a free-kick in a dangerous spot, Witsel commits a clumsy foul on Tadic and receives a yellow card from the referee.,2
lvarez receives the first yellow card of the match, for crudely bringing down Malen inside the Ajax half.,2
Asst: S. HallerAJAX DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! A delightful layoff from Haller on the edge of the box highlights the Ivorian striker's link-up abilities, as he tees up Blind to thump in an unstoppable left-footed strike from 20 yards out. Dortmund are in big trouble here; Ajax are 2-0 up already!,1
bappe's frustration gets the better of him as he is shown a late yellow.,2
Sarabia is the latest player to enter the referee's book for a strong challenge on Da Silva.,2
James Léa SilikiRennes · Midfielder #12Lea Siliki, who has been heavily involved today, leaves the field with six minutes to go. Del Castillo is the player on in his place.,0
Thomas MeunierPSG · Defender #12The experienced Silva is on for Meunier for the final 10 minutes. Tuchel is not taking any risks.,0
MarquinhosPSG · Midfielder #5Paredes, whose PSG career has not quite taken off yet, is on for Marquinhos.,0
Di Maria is shown a yellow card by the referee Benoit Bastien for his celebration.,2
GOOOOAAALLL!!! PSG 2-1 RENNES! Di Maria, brought on by Tuchel at half-time with PSG 1-0 down, lifts the free-kick up and over the wall to put his side 2-1 in front. Koubek did not even bother moving, knowing that he was unable to get to it. Great technique from Di Maria!,1
Lea Siliki is cautioned for sliding through and catching Sarabia. He argues that he could not pull out of the challenge, but a yellow card is the right call.,2
Benjamin BourigeaudRennes · Defender #14With his side under the cosh, Stephan brings on Gboho for Bourigeaud.,0
Ander HerreraPSG · Midfielder #21Herrera is replaced by Di Maria with an hour of the match played.,0
sst: P. SarabiaGOOOOOOOAAALLL!!! PSG 1-1 RENNES! Tuchel's men finally show a bit of quality in the final third to drag themselves back on level terms. Marquinhos plays the ball over the top, Sarabia squares it with a first-time pass from the corner of the six-yard box and Mbappe makes no mistake with his close-range finish into an unguarded net.,1
Adrien HunouRennes · Striker #23Goalscorer Hunou is replaced by Boey for the start of the second half, which could mean a tweak in formation.,0
Bourigeaud completely misses the ball and gets a lot of Mbappe's shin. He becomes the first Rennes player to be cautioned.,2
Bernat goes in hard on Lea Siliki and is perhaps fortunate to get away with just a yellow card. Both feet were off the ground when he made contact with his opponent.,2
Asst: B. BourigeaudGOOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! PSG 0-1 RENNES! Less that a minute on from Kehrer hitting the crossbar, Rennes take a surprise lead in Shenzhen. Grenier sweeps the ball to Bourigeaud on the right and the wing-back sends a delightful cross to the edge of the six-yard box, which Hunou guides past Areola with a first-time finish, seemingly with his shin.,1
Meunier is shown the first yellow card of the match for catching Maouassa across the cheek with his elbow.,2
Dara O'SheaBurnley · Defender #2Too little, too late you would think but Kompany brings on Rodríguez in place of O'Shea to try and get his side a late goal.,0
Josh CullenBurnley · Midfielder #24Gudmundsson is on for Cullen to add to Burnley's attack.,0
Dominic SolankeBournemouth · Striker #9Another sub for Bournemouth late in the game, and Solanke comes off for Ünal.,0
Asst: L. CookGOOOOAAAALLL!! Game, set and match as Semenyo puts this contest to bed. The ball is played out to the winger, who is allowed to cut in on his favoured left foot. Semenyo hits an effort towards the goal and it looks to have taken a deflection on the way and whizzes past Trafford. Bournemouth look to secure their first win in 2024 here and make matters even worse for Burnley.,1
VitinhoBurnley · Midfielder #22Another sub made by Kompany. Vitinho, who's arguably been the best player on the pitch today, is replaced by the silky winger Benson.,0
Jacob Bruun LarsenBurnley · Striker #34Substitution for Burnley as Bruun Larsen is replaced by Amdouni. Burnley's top goalscroer will be hoping to add to his collection here.,0
Vitinho also gets himself booked for complaining to the referee.,2
Nasty one from Tavernier as he clashes with Cullen and goes into the book.,2
Ryan ChristieBournemouth · Midfielder #10Substitution at half-time from Bournemouth, and Christie is taken off for Alex Scott.,0
Yellow card for Kluivert, who is late trying to intercept a pass for Cullen and hits the Burnley midfielder with his studs showing. VAR did take a look at it for a potential red, but stick with the original decision.,2
Asst: L. CookGOOOOAALLLLL!!! Where did that come from?!? Bournemouth hopefully hoof a long ball towards the Burnley defence, which O'Shea really doesn't deal with. Kluivert takes the ball down well, composes himself and smashes it past Trafford. That will really dampen the Burnley spirit here.,1
Marcos SenesiBournemouth · Defender #25Bournemouth are forced into an early change here, as Senesi is replaced by Mepham.,0
ELLOW! Not the start Burnley needed as their centre-back O'Shea is already in the book.,2
Raúl JiménezWolves · Striker #9Jimenez is now brought off, with Dendoncker coming on to help see the game out.,0
Daniel JamesMan United · Midfielder #21James is also replaced by Dalot out wide in the second of those changes.,0
Juan MataMan United · Midfielder #8Mata goes off for Lingard as the first part of a double-change for United.,0
Shaw goes in very late on Podence and picks up a well-deserved yellow card.,2
indelof fouls Neto out wide and eanrs himself a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Adama TraoréWolves · Striker #37That chance is now made, with Podence coming on for his debut in place of Traore.,0
Andreas PereiraMan United · Midfielder #15That shot is Pereira's last action and he is replaced by Greenwood as Solskjaer chases a winning goal.,0
Moutinho picks up the third booking of the game for handball.,2
Diogo JotaWolves · Striker #18Jota, who started brightly but has faded since, is now replaced by Neto in the first change of the game.,0
eves slides in recklessly and late on Mata and picks up a deserved yellow card. That was a very poor challenge.,2
Fernandes marks his debut with a yellow card now as he hauls Jimenez down to prevent him from breaking away.,2
topping March from restarting play near the touchline earns Mohammadi a yellow card. It's been a very busy outing for the referee.,2
For time-wasting over a free-kick, Mantalos is booked; taking the total of yellow cards issued today into double figures.,2
A foul on Zuber results in Welbeck joining the long list of players to see yellow flashed in their general direction today.,2
Billy GilmourBrighton · Midfielder #11Gilmour is also sacrificed, with Buonanotte offering a more attacking option as Brighton seek another equaliser.,0
Kaoru MitomaBrighton · Midfielder #22De Zerbi's last throw of the dice: Mitoma withdrawn for Adingra as part of a double change.,0
AEK GO BACK IN FRONT! For the third time, the Greek champions take the lead in this see-saw affair at the Amex! Amrabat's hopeful pass forward is flicked on and then Eliasson picks out fellow substitute Ponce; the latter slots the ball past Steele to make it 3-2!,1
João PedroBrighton · Striker #9Shortly after missing out on a potential third goal of the game, Pedro is taken off by De Zerbi. The experienced Welbeck comes on, having scored against former club Manchester United last weekend.,0
Orbelín PinedaAEK Athens · Midfielder #13Mantalos is also sent on; Pineda is withdrawn.,0
Mijat GaćinovićAEK Athens · Midfielder #8AEK make a double change, sending on more fresh legs: first, Gacinovic is replaced by Eliasson.,0
A lunging hack on Ponce sees Van Hecke join the horde of names in the referee's crammed notebook.,2
aving failed to give the ball back to Lamptey for a throw-in, Gacinovic is rather harshly booked - perhaps it was considered to be time-wasting.,2
Just after coming on, Ponce is shown a yellow card for a reckless foul.,2
Levi GarcíaAEK Athens · Striker #7Almeyda responds to Brighton's goal by taking off Garcia and sending on Ponce up front.,0
Sergio AraujoAEK Athens · Midfielder #11Araujo also comes off, with Swiss international Zuber sent on to replace him.,0
zymanski follows his centre-back partner into the referee's notebook, following his foul on Pedro.,2
Another booking is issued by a referee seemingly losing control of this game now: Estupinan is shown yellow.,2
For dissent, after Brighton are awarded a second penalty, Mitoglou becomes the latest man booked by the referee.,2
Ehsan HajsafiAEK Athens · Defender #28The stricken Hajisafi is finally taken off the pitch on a stretcher, with his compatriot Mohammadi sent on to replace him.,0
James MilnerBrighton · Defender #6After discussing things with Brighton's medical staff, Milner decides he cannot continue; Lamptey comes on to replace him at right-back.,0
Apparently for dissent, Sidibe is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
ynically ending a direct Garcia run, Igor hauls back his opponent midway through Brighton's half and receives a booking.,2
sst: L. GarcíaAEK BACK IN FRONT! Lunging in to meet Garcia's free-kick from the left, Gacinovic steers the ball past Steele from close range and puts the visitors into a 2-1 lead! Brighton failed to defend the set-piece and were punished!,1
enalty GoalBRIGHTON LEVEL! Picking out the bottom-left corner with a perfectly executed spot-kick, Pedro converts the penalty he won moments ago! Having been booked in the first place, he then has his yellow card withdrawn, before stepping up and beating Stankovic. That's Brighton's first European goal: 1-1 at the Amex!,1
Asst: E. HajsafiAEK ATHENS LEAD! Meeting Hajisafi's corner from the left with a powerful diving header near the penalty spot, Sidibe sends the visitors into an early 1-0 lead! Steele is left helpless as the ball flies past him and into the back of the net! It's a great start to Group B for the Greek champions!,1
Ante RebićMilan · Striker #12Rebic has his hat-trick now, so he is heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mandzukic.,0
Asst: R. KrunicGOOOAAALLL! Rebic gets his hat-trick, it’s 7-0! Torino fail to deal with a Milan corner and it is whipped back into the box and headed across goal by Kjaer and Krunic gets the slightest out touches, which sends it straight into the path of Rebic, who has to sort his feet out quickly and he knees the ball into the back of the net from close range. The marking from the Torino defence was non-existent there.,1
Asst: R. LeãoGOOOAAALLL! Rebic scores Milan’s sixth goal of the game! It’s so easy for Milan at the moment. Torino lose the ball deep inside the Milan half the pitch and the visitors are ruthless in their attack, racing up the pitch and the hosts just can’t keep up. Leao races through on goal, but instead of going for goal himself, he opts to square it to Rebic, who fires it into the back of the net.,1
Hakan ÇalhanoğluMilan · Midfielder #10The other change by the visitors sees Calhanoglu replaced by Leao.,0
Theo HernándezMilan · Defender #19Double Milan substitution now and the first change sees Hernandez head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Dalot.,0
Asst: R. KrunicGOOOAAALLL! Rebic finally gets his goal and fires Milan 5-0 ahead! It comes after another quick counter and they open up Torino at the back, with Krunic running at the hosts defence, before flicking it out to Rebic to his left, who only has Sirigu to beat and he powers the ball into the top of the net.,1
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #21Another Milan change now and it is Diaz who heads off the pitch and he has been replaced by Krunic.,0
Asst: A. RebićGOOOAAALLL! Hernandez makes it 4-0 and Milan are running away with it now! It comes after a quick counter-attack and they catch Torino out of the back, with Hernandez racing forward and Rebic slides it through Torino defence for his team-mate, who produces an excellent finish to chip it over Sirigu and get his second goal of the game.,1
Ricardo RodriguezTorino · Midfielder #13Rodriguez heads off the pitch and he has been replaced by Ansaldi.,0
Karol LinettyTorino · Midfielder #77Linetty has recently been booked, so he is also coming off, with Rincon his replacement.,0
Daniele BaselliTorino · Midfielder #8Torino have made a triple substitution now in an attempt to salvage something from the game, with Baselli one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Verdi.,0
Asst: F. KessiéGOOOAAALLL! Milan make it 3-0! Torino take too long on the ball at the back, trying to play it out from deep and Kessie intercepts a pass from Bremer, he then races into the box and passes to Diaz to his right, who drills it into the back of the net. That is surely the three points wrapped up for the visitors now.,1
Linetty is shown a yellow card after he catches Hernandez, as the two battle for the ball and the Milan defender just got there ahead of him.,2
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Milan have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Bennacer the man coming off and he has been replaced by Meite.,0
aselli is booked after he deliberately drags Diaz down to stop him from breaking forward on the counter.,2
ennacer is the first player to be booked after his challenge on Linetty as Torino looked to break forward.,2
Penalty GoalGOOOAAALLL! Kessie makes no mistakes from the penalty spot and makes it 2-0! Milan are in control now. Castillejo was brought down by Lyanco in the penalty area and the referee showed no hesitation in pointing to the spot. Kessie stepped up and coolly sent the keeper the wrong way, slotting it into the top right corner of the net.,1
Asst: B. DíazGOOOAAALLL! What a strike from Hernandez to fire Milan ahead, it’s 1-0! Diaz cuts in from the right and sprints across the Torino defence, before laying it out to Hernandez, who powers a left-footed shot straight into the top right corner of the net from the edge of the box. Superb strike.,1
Seydou DoumbiaGirona · Striker #22Doumbia gets a rest as Granell replaces him.,0
Nikola KalinićAtlético Madrid · Striker #9Both of Simeone's starting forwards have now been subbed off. Kalinic joins Griezmann on the bench, with Vitolo coming on.,0
Paik Seung-hoGirona · Midfielder #35Girona bring on one of their top talents. Portu comes on in place of Paik.,0
Anthony LozanoGirona · Striker #19Girona also make a sub. Lozano is replaced by Borja Garcia.,0
Antoine GriezmannAtlético Madrid · Striker #7Thomas comes on for Griezmann with just over half-an-hour remaining.,0
Francisco MonteroAtlético Madrid · Defender #35Simeone does make a change as Correa replaces Montero, who ended the first half on a booking.,0
Asst: A. GarcíaGOOOOAAAL! Wow, what a strike from Lozano to bring Girona level! The Honduran curls an early shot from the edge of the box past Adan, but perhaps the keeper should have done better. 1-1.,1
Montero receives the first booking of the game for a late challenge on Ramalho.,2
sst: N. KalinićGOOOAAAL! Atletico take an early lead here through their star Frenchman. Griezmann opts for a first time, powerful, side-footed effort just inside the area, and it somehow squirms past Iraizoz with the help of Girona's crossbar. 1-0.,1
Erik PietersBurnley · Defender #23Bardsley now comes on to replace the injured Pieters and will fill in at left-back.,0
Ben MeeBurnley · Defender #6Mee is stretchered off with his neck in a brace and will be replaced by Long in defence.,0
Christian BentekeCrystal Palace · Striker #20Hodgson makes another change up front now, bringing Benteke off for Mateta as he looks for a route back into the game.,0
Jóhann Berg GuðmundssonBurnley · Midfielder #7Dyche now makes his first change of the game, bringing Gudmunds­son off for Brady out wide.,0
Michy BatshuayiCrystal Palace · Striker #23Hodgson makes his first substitution now, bringing Batshuayi off for Townsend and moving Ayew up front alongside Benteke.,0
sst: J. RodriguezGOAL!!! LOWTON MAKES IT 3-0!!! The right-back storms down the flank, bursting past his man and feeding Rodriguez on the edge before racing into the box. The striker pops the ball over the Palace defence with one touch and Lowton thumps a sweet volley across goal and past Guaita! That's a lovely strike!,1
Asst: D. McNeilGOAL!! BURNLEY DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! McNeil swings the corner in from the right and Rodriguez is allowed to nod in virtually uncontested from inside the six-yard box! It's very poor defending from Palace again, and it's 2-0 to Burnley after 10 minutes!,1
OAL!! BURNLEY TAKE THE LEAD!! Pieters swings a cross into the middle, but Dann and Clyne get in each other's way and make a hash of it, allowing the ball to find Gudmundsson on the right side of the box. The winger cuts inside onto his left and curls a sumptuous strike into the left corner beyond the reach of Guaita! It's 1-0 to Burnley!,1
nai Simon is the latest man to see yellow. The cards have been busy today.,2
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Mariano Diaz is on for Benzema as Madrid hunt this last-gasp opportunity to keep the game alive.,0
Now Garcia is booked himself for a foolish challenge, leaving him to rue his mistakes. That set-piece doesn't provide the threat that Bilbao were looking for.,2
roos gets slapped with a booking now after sliding in on Dani Garcia. It's a foolish play at this stage of the game and hands Bilbao a free-kick inside the Madrid half to ease some pressure.,2
Raúl GarcíaAthletic Club · Striker #22It is the end of Raul Garcia's game - and what a game for him - now as Bilbao bring on Asier Villalibre.,0
Mikel BalenziagaAthletic Club · Defender #24Balenziaga meanwhile makes way for Jon Morcillo for Bilbao too.,0
OAL! KARIM BENZEMA PULLS IT BACK FOR REAL MADRID! 2-1! VAR overturns the on-field decision! There's no need for the monitor, and Bilbao may have some raised eyebrows on the replay, but there's enough to warrant a reversal from the referee. Los Blancos are back in this!,1
Ander CapaAthletic Club · Defender #21Inigo Lekue also replaces Capa for the leaders.,0
Unai VencedorAthletic Club · Midfielder #27There's changes now for Bilbao too, as Mikel Vesga replaces Vencedor.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Federico Valverde is also on for Los Blancos, replacing Modric.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Striker #7With play yet to resume, Madrid ring the changes, bringing on Vinicius Junior on for Hazard.,0
That is a rash challenge from Capa, who would do well to watch his step with that. He picked up that red card against Madrid the last time these sides met. He gets a booking this time around.,2
Raphaël VaraneReal Madrid · Defender #5Los Blancos have made a change at the break though, with Varane hooked and Nacho on in his place.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! RAUL GARCIA MAKES IT TWO FOR ATHLETIC BILBAO! 2-0! A double for the striker and a coolly composed finish from the spot as he strokes it in at the right post, Courtois sent skimming the other way. Madrid pay the price there.,1
Penalty to Bilbao! Oh, Vazquez should not be doing that, absolutely clattering Martinez as he dinks into the box to collect a cross. It is a spot-kick, plain and simple, no VAR about it. The defender gets booked for his troubles too.,2
Asst: D. GarcíaGOAL! RAUL GARCIA OPENS THINGS FOR ATHLETIC BILBAO! 1-0! It is a peach of a throughball from Dani Garcia and Madrid's defence should really do better as the striker latches onto it and sweeps a cool finish past Courtois. Glorious stuff!,1
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10And Dybala is also taken off, with Kulusevski on in his place. ,0
Rodrigo BentancurJuventus · Midfielder #30There's a late double change for Juventus here. Bentancur is the first to make way, with Rabiot replacing him.,0
Kean and Romagnoli are both going for the ball, but the substitute is just a split second too late. He catches the defender and is shown a yellow card. ,2
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2And Florenzi is also brought on in place of Calabria.,0
Rafael LeãoMilan · Midfielder #17Final changes for Milan now. Rebic is coming on in place of Leao.,0
Álvaro MorataJuventus · Striker #9Juventus are making their third change and it's Morata that's making way for Kean.,0
Manuel LocatelliJuventus · Midfielder #27Locatelli is the other player making way, with Arthur on to replace him.,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Midfielder #11Juventus are making a double change of their own now. Cuadrado is the first to go off, with Bernardeschi on for him.,0
Junior MessiasMilan · Midfielder #30And Messias is also being taken off, with Saelemaekers on in his place. ,0
Brahim DíazMilan · Midfielder #10Milan are making a double change here and Diaz is the first to go off, with Bennacer replacing him.,0
Messias stepped across Chiellini and took the defender's legs out from under him. He got nowhere near the ball, and he has his name taken by the referee.,2
Zlatan IbrahimovićMilan · Striker #11It looks like Ibrahimovic has picked up an ankle injury, so he's having to make way. Giroud comes on to replace him.,0
Leao has his arms around Cuadrado in an attempt to stop his run and it earns him a yellow card. ,2
Locatelli slid in on Tonali to try and win the ball back, and it's a heavy challenge on the Milan midfielder. He's shown an early yellow card, and he'll miss Juventus' next game.,2
Paulo DybalaJuventus · Striker #10Sarri seems confident Juve will not have to get a fourth to seal this one. Dybala makes way for Olivieri.,0
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Matuidi is called from the bench to restore some energy to the Juve midfield, replacing a tired Rabiot.,0
This game is wide open now as Genoa chase a result. Masiello is forced to hack down Bentancur at the other end and is booked.,2
Francesco CassataGenoa · Midfielder #29Genoa respond to their goal by making an attacking change. Veteran Pandev is on for Cassata. Surely there is no way back!,0
Asst: D. BiraschiGOOAAALLLL!!! PINAMONTI! It's another beauty - this time for Genoa! 3-1! With a corner only half-cleared, the striker gathers a second cross in the area and dances into space before unleashing a powerful drive high past Szczesny.,1
Stefano SturaroGenoa · Midfielder #27Genoa surely know this game is done. Sturaro comes off. Biraschi is on.,0
Cristiano RonaldoJuventus · Striker #7Ronaldo is granted a rest, with Higuain on. Can he become the latest forward to net with a stunning strike?,0
Miralem PjanićJuventus · Midfielder #5Sarri wastes no time to make his changes. With the game surely won, Pjanic is off for Ramsey.,0
Asst: P. DybalaGOOAAALLLL!!! COSTA! This is every bit as good as the first two! Juve lead 3-0 after a trio of wondergoals. Costa collects the ball on the right corner of the box, shifts left with a stepover and curls towards the top-left corner. The shot starts some way outside the post but curls magnificently to find the net. Perin is rooted.,1
Genoa just cannot get a foothold in the game. Cassata is now booked for a foul on Bentancur, who has impressed again.,2
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Striker #33Things are not getting any easier for Genoa. As Bernardeschi departs, the fresh legs of Costa arrive.,0
Paolo GhiglioneGenoa · Midfielder #18Juve have found plenty of joy down the flanks, so Genoa mix things up. Barreca replaces Ghiglione.,0
Sturaro only left Juve last year but there are no friends here as the Genoa captain catches Bernardeschi with his elbow, prompting a yellow card.,2
sst: M. PjanićGOOAAALLLL!!! RONALDO! Now it's two! What a hit! Genoa do not get out to close Ronaldo down and, from 25 yards, he lashes a right-footed drive high past Perin into the top-right corner. Juve lead 2-0 and are surely on course for another win now.,1
Asst: J. CuadradoGOOAAALLLL!!! DYBALA! Magnificent! It's 1-0 to Juve! Genoa had made a determined start to the second half, again flying into challenges, but Dybala has the home defence looking foolish. He dances past two challenges on the right corner of the area and can then cut inside onto his left to fire in a low shot that slips beyond Perin's fingertips.,1
Lasse SchöneGenoa · Midfielder #20Lecce paid for a red card against Juve last week, so it makes sense for Genoa to sub their two booked stars at the break. Schone is off for Lerager.,0
Andrea FavilliGenoa · Striker #30Favilli was walking a tightrope for much of the first half and there are no risks as he bows out for Sanabria.,0
Bonucci gets his revenge! The Juve defenders have been on the wrong end of a couple of Favilli challenges so far, but this time the Juve captain chops down his opponent and is booked.,2
Schone is booked for his foul on Rabiot in the centre of the pitch.,2
It takes just seven minutes for the first card - perhaps unsurprisingly given the high-tempo start. Favilli is the latest to fly into a challenge but is late to Bonucci, who writhes in pain as the striker is booked.,2
Ashley YoungInter · Midfielder #15Young is brought off in the final seconds, as Biraghi will make an entrance. ,0
he goal scorer is shown a yellow for removing his shirt during the celebrations following his goal. ,2
sst: V. MosesLUKAKU MAKES IT FOUR! Milan are caught up the pitch looking for an equaliser, and an Inter counter-attack springs Moses, who crosses it over for Lukaku. The striker rises above Kjaer and powers a header past Donnarumma to make it 4-2! ,1
Ante RebićMilan · Midfielder #18The final change for Milan is made as Bonaventura replaces Rebic.,0
Franck KessiéMilan · Midfielder #79Paqueta is Milan’s second substitute, as Kessie is withdrawn by Pioli.,0
Antonio CandrevaInter · Midfielder #87Moses replaces Candreva with 10 minutes remaining.,0
Samu CastillejoMilan · Midfielder #7Castillejo is withdrawn as Milan make their first change of the match. Leao is tasked with playing the final 10 minutes.,0
Conti trips up Eriksen while retreating back towards his own goal, and receives a yellow card for the challenge.,2
Alexis SánchezInter · Striker #7Immediately after taking the lead, Conte replaces Sanchez with Eriksen. ,0
sst: A. CandrevaINTER COMPLETE THE SPECTACULAR COMEBACK! Candreva whips the corner into the penalty area, and De Vrij somehow manages to nestle a diving header into the far corner despite touch-tight marking from Romagnoli! Unbelievable! 3-2 Inter!,1
Kessie pushes Barella over during a race and receives a yellow card - as the intensity continues to grow.,2
Skriniar is booked for a foul near his penalty area, which sparks a bit of a tussle around the referee.,2
Barella is also booked in the argument, as his presence warrants a card from the referee. ,2
sst: A. SánchezINTER TIE THE GAME! An incisive run from Sanchez opens up space, and he finds Vecino, whose right-foot effort beats Donnarumma from inside the penalty! The hosts have found two goals in eight second-half minutes, and they’ve levelled the derby!,1
BROZOVIC MAKES IT 2-1! Candreva cuts inside and hits a shot that’s blocked by Hernandez, but the deflection falls perfectly for the Inter captain to hit with a vicious left-foot volley!,1
ecino is booked for protesting a free-kick after he feels he won the ball ahead of barging through Hernandez.,2
Asst: F. KessiéIBRAHIMOVIC MAKES IT TWO BEFORE HALF-TIME! Unbelievable scenes at San Siro as Castillejo’s corner is flicked on by Kessie for Ibrahimovic at the back post - whose venemous header beats Padelli with pace!,1
Asst: Z. IbrahimovićMILAN TAKE THE LEAD FIVE MINUTES BEFORE HALF-TIME! Castillejo scoops a cross into the penalty area from midfield, which Ibrahimovic gets to ahead of Godin. The ball is squared across the six-yard box and deceives the goalkeeper, allowing Rebic to finish easily! 1-0!,1
It's raining cards! Gabbia picks up a booking now for a lazy foul and Bologna have the free-kick. They angle it towards the Milan box...,2
Dijks is off! A second yellow makes it a red card for him as he tries to pull back Saelemaekers on the counter. Bologna will finish this game with 10 men and that surely ends their chances of any result being snatched here in remarkable fashion.,3
That was quick! Krunic has barely been on the field a minute and he picks up a yellow card for the sort of rash challenge you shouldn't really be seeing straight off the bat. That was very lopsided from him.,2
Ismaël BennacerMilan · Midfielder #4Milan's latest change sees Bennacer make way for Rade Krunic.,0
Musa BarrowBologna · Midfielder #99Bologna make their latest change with Emanuel Vignato replacing Barrow.,0
Sansone clatters in with a loose tackle and the referee shows him a yellow card for his troubles.,2
Roberto SorianoBologna · Midfielder #21The visitors also make a second change at the same time with Soriano replaced by Mattias Svanberg.,0
Rodrigo PalacioBologna · Striker #24Bologna make a change now as Federico Santander takes to the pitch for Palacio.,0
Franck KessiéMilan · Midfielder #79Milan make their fourth change, bringing on Sandro Tonali for Kessie as the hosts pick up a second corner following the first. Ibrahimovic nudges a ball back into the box but Skorupski has it well covered.,0
A stray challenge from Tomiyasu sees him handed a booking. The Japan international has been one of his side's most robust players today.,2
Simon KjærMilan · Defender #24Milan make their third change too, with Kjaer replaced by Duarte.,0
Hakan ÇalhanoğluMilan · Midfielder #10Milan's second change is to introduce Brahim Diaz for Calhanoglu, who has covered some serious ground for the hosts today. What can the Real Madrid loanee bring in his Serie A debut now?,0
Nicolás DomínguezBologna · Midfielder #8Bologna have made their first change of the game now with Dominguez making way for Nicola Sansone.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! ZLATAN IBRAHIMOVIC BANGS IT HOME FOR MILAN! 2-0! He rarely misses those and once again, the Swede has found the back of the net. He places it to the right and though Skorupski goes the right way, he's just too low to really get a hand to it. It's a long way back for Bologna now.,1
Samu CastillejoMilan · Midfielder #7Milan have made a change at the break, with Alexis Saelemaekers on for the booked Castillejo.,0
aving been on the other end of a yellow card challenge once already, Castillejo doles one out himself now and picks up a booking as a result. Bologna are looking to steady the ship and have a free-kick that helps them greatly here.,2
Asst: T. HernándezGOAL! ZLATAN IBROHIMOVIC HEADS MILAN IN FRONT! 1-0! It's been coming, and it couldn't be anyone but Zlatan, could it? The Swede rises magnificently to meet Theo Hernandez's long cross from out on the left wing and he nods his finish low, with a bounce, past Skorupski. Milan have their goal.,1
My word, how has Dijks got away with just a booking there? It's an absolute cruncher of a slide tackle into Samu Castillejo and the theatrics involved might have made another referee reach for the claret card rather than the amber one. Instead, he gets off with just a yellow.,2
ominguez picks up the first booking of the game now for Bologna after a rash challenge cuts down Milan's latest attack. The free-kick is flicked into the box but the visitors defuse it and Calabria gets back to cut off any chance of a hopeful counter.,2
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Meanwhile, Bentancur's picked up a knock. The former Forest loanee Spence comes on for Tottenham.,0
Brennan JohnsonNottm Forest · Midfielder #20Forest substitution. Surridge replaces Johnson, who might have scored on a better day.,0
Johnson joins his team-mates on a yellow card by scything down Richarlison seconds after the Brazilian pulls off a few cute tricks. Spurs are better for having a player of his quality to bring off the bench.,2
Kouyate's booked for a reckless challenge on Kane. Forest are still battling hard, but they must know the jig is up.,2
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21Conte decides now's a good time to shut up shop. Kulusevski leaves the pitch. Bissouma comes on for Spurs.,0
Kane's booked for celebrating his goal excessively. It's understandable why he does though. He's now scored 187 Premier League goals, moving himself level with Andy Cole. Only Alan Shearer and Wayne Rooney have scored more than him in the league now.,2
Asst: RicharlisonGOAL! NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-2 TOTTENHAM! Sessegnon fails to set Kane up for a tap in as the pair bear down on goal. Richarlison picks up the pieces and pulls off a peach of a cross with the outside of his right foot. Kane remains in position and stoops to power a header past Henderson!,1
Steve CookNottm Forest · Defender #3Last to go off for Forest is Cook. Their new Nigerian forward Awoniyi comes on.,0
Ryan YatesNottm Forest · Midfielder #22Yates heads off too. The former Crystal Palace man Kouyate slots into Forest's midfield.,0
Lewis O'BrienNottm Forest · Midfielder #14Forest make a few more changes too. The booked O'Brien departs. Freuler comes on.,0
Son Heung-minTottenham · Midfielder #7Son's match is over too. On comes Richarlison for Spurs.,0
Ivan PerišićTottenham · Midfielder #14Tottenham make their first change. Sessegnon replaces Perisic at left wing-back.,0
O'Brien tugs on Kane's shirt as Spurs look to break from out of their own box. O'Brien's booked for the offence.,2
Jesse LingardNottm Forest · Striker #11Forest make the game's first substitution as they look to chase the game. The quiet Lingard goes off. Dennis comes on.,0
McKenna's the latest Forest player to land himself in the book after making a poor challenge on Kane.,2
orrall's booked for a tactical foul on Son. Forest are desperate not to concede a crucial second goal.,2
ook's shown a yellow card for handling the ball. He's lucky, as the officials decide not to send him off for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity after a quick VAR check.,2
Asst: D. KulusevskiGOAL! NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-1 TOTTENHAM! Tottenham score with their first real attack! Kulusevski steals the ball for the visitors and spots Kane running to his right. He finds the England captain who slots into the bottom left corner of the net from the edge of the box.,1
Asst: Y. TielemansIHEANACHO WINS IT FOR LEICESTER! With 10 seconds left on the clock, Leicester finally find a breakthrough! Brighton weren't switched on as the cross was swung into the box and Iheanacho has a free header in the middle. He sends it back across goal and Walton can't keep it out. 1-0 Leicester!,1
issouma just stepped across the back of Maddison after he'd got rid of the ball and he picks up a booking as well as giving away a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
Steven AlzateBrighton · Midfielder #17Double change for Brighton now and it's Mac Allister that's coming on for Alzate.,0
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Bissouma is also being brought on, with Lallana making way for him.,0
James JustinLeicester City · Defender #2Justin is stretchered off, so Fuchs is brought on in his place.,0
Ben WhiteBrighton · Defender #3First change for Brighton now and it's White that's making way, with Veltman replacing him.,0
Wilfred NdidiLeicester City · Midfielder #25And Ndidi is the other player to make way, with Choudhury on in his place.,0
Ayoze PérezLeicester City · Striker #17Perez is also being brought off after that earlier knock, with Maddison replacing him.,0
Jamie VardyLeicester City · Striker #9There's a triple change for Leicester now and Vardy is being taken off, with Iheanacho on for him.,0
ieleman's first touch is poor and he ends up catching Zeqiri with a late tackle and is booked.,2
Perez loses the ball and ends up catching Gross in his attempts to win it back which earns him the first yellow card of the game.,2
JOTA SEALS IT! Liverpool have their second goal! Diaz breaks through in midfield, and though he slips over, the ball deflects off Sadiki into Jota's path. The Portuguese winger coolly slots home past Moris into the bottom corner, and that makes it 2-0 to the hosts: game over!,1
Kevin Mac AllisterUnion Saint-Gilloise · Defender #5Having shared the pitch with his brother Alexis for most of the second half, Kevin Mac Allister now departs. Sykes comes on to replace him.,0
Ryan GravenberchLiverpool · Midfielder #38Goalscorer Gravenberch is now taken off, as Szoboszlai trots on to replace him in midfield.,0
Charles VanhoutteUnion Saint-Gilloise · Midfielder #24Vanhoutte comes off too, with Sadiki sent on.,0
Lazare AmaniUnion Saint-Gilloise · Midfielder #8Chasing a late equaliser, Union make two more changes: first, Amani is replaced by Rasmussen.,0
Casper TerhoUnion Saint-Gilloise · Defender #17Lapoussin is also introduced, with Terho making way for the Madagascar international.,0
Gustaf NilssonUnion Saint-Gilloise · Striker #29Blessin makes his first changes of the game: first, Nilsson makes way for recent signing Rodriguez, who has yet to score for Union Saint-Gilloise.,0
Trent Alexander-ArnoldLiverpool · Defender #66Receiving warm applause from the Anfield faithful as he departs, Alexander-Arnold makes way for Gomez.,0
Darwin NúñezLiverpool · Striker #9After an awful miss in the first half, Nunez is also withdrawn; Diaz replaces him.,0
Mohamed SalahLiverpool · Striker #11Finally, Jones comes on for Salah, who is spared the second half with Sunday's game against Brighton in mind.,0
Wataru EndōLiverpool · Midfielder #3The introduction of Alexis Mac Allister for Endo in midfield sees him join brother Kevin on the pitch.,0
LIVERPOOL LEAD! Played in by Nunez on the left, Alexander-Arnold's low drive from 20 yards forces Moris to spill the ball into Gravenberch's path. Presented with a tap-in from close range, the Dutch midfielder makes no mistake and puts Liverpool 1-0 ahead just before the break - that's his first goal for the club!,1
Lucas VázquezReal Madrid · Defender #17Vazquez has been impressive up and down the right flank for the hosts, and he's replaced by Nacho for the final few minutes.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Madrid captain Modric is next off for the hosts, and Eduardo Camavinga replaces him in midfield.,0
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Los Blancos wait until the 82nd minute to make their first change, as Rodrygo comes off for Dani Ceballos.,0
GOOOOAAAAL!!! Cadiz are back in it!!! Bongonda shoots from a tight angle in the box, but Courtois spills it! Negredo's rebound is stopped by the Belgian, before Perez arrives late to slot the ball into the empty net!!! 2-1 with less than 10 minutes left, and things suddenly get very interesting at the Bernabeu!,1
Rubén SobrinoCádiz · Midfielder #7Sobrino is next off for Cadiz, and on comes veteran striker Alvaro Negredo, who spent several years of his early career at the Bernabeu.,0
CalaCádiz · Defender #16Juan Cala is also withdrawn, and is replace at the back by Jose Mari.,0
Anthony LozanoCádiz · Striker #9Cadiz make further changes following that goal, and Lozano is replayed by Lucas Perez up front.,0
OOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! WHAT A FANTASTIC HIT!!! The corner is half-cleared by Cadiz and Kroos plays it left to Vinicius. His cross deflects up to Kroos, who arrives onto the ball and smashes a precision volley through the crowd and straight into the bottom corner!! That goal had power, pace, precision and everything in between, and it puts Real Madrid 2-0 up!!,1
Rubén AlcarazCádiz · Midfielder #4Alcaraz is also withdrawn for Cadiz, and Brian Ocampo replaces him in midfield.,0
Iván AlejoCádiz · Midfielder #11That booking signals the end of Alejo's match, as he's replaced by Theo Bongonda.,0
Alejo leaves a late forearm on Vinicius, again, but this time the referee finally shows him a yellow card!,2
ilitao looks to escape the attention of Espino and Sobrino, but is caught by the latter on the near touchline and wins a free-kick, for which Sobrino is shown a yellow card.,2
sst: T. KroosGOOOOAAAALLL!!! Real Madrid strike first blood! Kroos' initial corner is punched away by Ledesma, but straight to Modric, who finds Kroos again. His first-time ball into the box is met by an unmarked Militao, who drifts beyond the offside trap to head the ball into the back of the net! 1-0 to Real, and that will calm some nerves around the Bernabeu.,1
ozano looks to skip past the challenge of Alaba but is unable to, winning a free-kick in the process. Alaba is booked for the late challenge, and that means both Real Madrid centre-backs have now received cautions.,2
Following that passage of play, Vinicius isn't happy at all with Fali or the referee, and is shown a booking for dissent by the referee.,2
ali is also booked, and hopefully that pair of yellow cards can calm some tensions at the Bernabeu.,2
ozano looks to spark a Cadiz break as he turns Militao, but is dragged back by the Real defender, who is booked by the referee.,2
sst: S. GómezHAT-TRICK! Haaland scores his third goal of the game! Fulham can't get close to City as they work it down the left and Gomez jinks past Castagne to pull it back from the byline. Haaland is left in space near the penalty spot and he hits the shot first time, drilling it low past Leno into the bottom corner. 5-1 City!,1
Julián ÁlvarezMan City · Midfielder #19City's final change is a double one. Alvarez is making way for Lewis.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Midfielder #47Bobb also makes his senior debut for the club as he replaces Foden.,0
Mateo KovačićMan City · Midfielder #8Phillips is being given a rare chance as he comes on in place of Kovacic.,0
Harry WilsonFulham · Striker #8Traore also comes on to replace Wilson.,0
Raúl JiménezFulham · Striker #7Fulham are making another double change here. Jimenez goes off for Muniz.,0
Silva tracks back to stop Wilson's driving run and picks up a yellow card just minutes after coming onto the field.,2
Jérémy DokuMan City · Midfielder #11And Doku's debut comes to an early end as Gomez is brought on for him.,0
RodriMan City · Midfielder #16City's first change is a double one. Rodri is taken off for Silva.,0
Bobby De Cordova-ReidFulham · Striker #14De Cordova-Reid also makes way as Willian replaces him.,0
Kenny TeteFulham · Defender #2There's a double change for Fulham here. Tete is the first to go off, with Castagne coming on in his place to make his debut for the club.,0
enalty GoalHAALAND SCORES! It's a brilliant penalty from the Norwegian! He puts last week's penalty miss behind him as he goes for power here today. Leno dives the wrong way, but he wouldn't have gotten near it anywhere as he rifles it into the left side of the net. 4-1 City!,1
Pereira isn't happy with that penalty being awarded and his protests see him become the second Fulham player booked for dissent in this game.,2
AALAND SCORES! City pass it straight through the middle of Fulham as Rodri slides in Alvarez, who touches it towards the edge of the D. Ream sticks out a leg to try and cut it out, but instead helps it into Haaland's path. He's through on goal and makes no mistake as he slots it past Leno into the back of the net. 3-1 City!,1
De Cordova-Reid isn't happy about something, and his protests see him get booked for dissent.,2
sst: P. FodenAKE SCORES! City have a goal right before the break! Foden whips a brilliant corner into the box and Ake has a completely free header on the penalty spot. He thumps his header back towards the near post and it bounces into the bottom corner. After a VAR check to see if Akanji, in an offside position, is obstructing Leno, the goal stands. 2-1 City!,1
Robinson surges forward after intercepting the pass to Foden, but a heavy touch takes it away from him. He crashes into Akanji before he can slow down, taking the defender out, and receives a yellow card for it.,2
It's a really poor challenge from Diop as he stretches over the ball and steps on Doku's foot. He also goes into the referee's book.,2
Rodri couldn't get back to stop De Cordova-Reid, and he just pushed the forward off the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
REAM EQUALISES! Fulham weren't behind for long! They quickly work it upfield from the restart and win themselves a corner, which is swung into the box by Pereira. Jimenez peels away at the near post to strike it on the volley, and Ederson gets a hand to it. The ball bounces straight to Ream, who taps it in right on the line. 1-1!,1
Asst: E. HaalandALVAREZ SCORES! It's been coming in the last few minutes, and they've finally opened up Fulham! It's a brilliant throughball from Kovacic into Haaland, and Diop just gets caught wrong side. The Norwegian unselfishly squares it into the middle to pick out Alvarez, who is left with a simple tap-in. 1-0 City!,1
Tom CairneyFulham · Midfielder #10Cairney shakes his head as he makes his way off the pitch after treatment. He goes straight down the tunnel as Harris replaces him.,0
eoane pulls back Nacho's shirt as the centre-back looks to advance into the Getafe half and is shown a yellow card.,2
Eduardo CamavingaReal Madrid · Midfielder #12Camavinga is taken off after that challenge from Iglesias and is replaced by Odriozola.,0
Gastón ÁlvarezGetafe · Defender #4For Getafe, Amavi is introduced at left-back with Alvarez making way.,0
Iglesias brings down his opposite full-back Camavinga with a late challenge and is shown a yellow card.,2
Carles AleñáGetafe · Midfielder #11Getafe turn to their bench again as Alena makes way for Seoane.,0
Asst: L. VázquezGOOOOAAAALL!!! MADRID LEAD!! 1-0!! Getafe had a great chance moments earlier and Madrid make them pay with the game's opening goal. Asensio cuts in from the left and is given space to unwind a shot. The Spaniard does just that and it creeps in at the near post, with a slight deflection taking it past Soria.,1
Jaime MataGetafe · Striker #7Mata also comes off and is replaced by Angileri.,0
Borja MayoralGetafe · Striker #19Getafe now make three changes as Mayoral comes off for Algobia.,0
PortuGetafe · Striker #9Portu also makes way with El Haddadi coming on.,0
Dani CeballosReal Madrid · Midfielder #19Mariano comes on up front with Ceballos making way.,0
Eden HazardReal Madrid · Striker #7Hazard, who won the free kick, makes way for Vinicius.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Striker #15Before that free-kick, the home side make a triple change. First off is Valverde who is replaced by Modric.,0
Alderete is shown a yellow card after he trips up Hazard and Madrid have a free-kick in a promising position on the edge of the box.,2
Ferland MendyReal Madrid · Defender #23Madrid make a change at the break as Mendy comes off for Kroos.,0
Camavinga is the first Madrid player into the book after a poor challenge on Alvarez.,2
t's a silly late challenge from Mata on Ceballos and he is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Lirola receives a late yellow card after catching Can down the left wing.,2
Asst: C. RonaldoGOAL! Moments after coming on, Can makes it three! Dybala played the ball in field to Ronaldo who spotted the run of Can to his left and slid the ball into his path. The German took one touch before firing the ball into the bottom right corner. 3-0.,1
Blaise MatuidiJuventus · Midfielder #14Juventus make their final change as Can comes on to replace Matuidi. Five minutes left to play.,0
Federico BernardeschiJuventus · Midfielder #33The visitors make their second substitution of the game as Bernardeschi is replaced by Dybala.,0
Mehdi BourabiaSassuolo · Midfielder #68Sassuolo make their final change of the match as Bourabia makes way for Magnanelli. It remains 2-0.,0
sst: M. PjanićGOAL! Ronaldo makes it two! Juventus win a corner to the left off Sensi and Pjanic’s delivery is swung into a wonderful area for Ronaldo to attack and power into the top right corner beyond Consigli. 2-0.,1
Sami KhediraJuventus · Midfielder #6Juventus make their first substitution as Bentancur comes on to replace the goalscorer, Khedira.,0
Khouma BabacarSassuolo · Striker #30Sassuolo make another change as Boga comes on to replace Boubacar.,0
Filip ĐuričićSassuolo · Striker #9Sassuolo make their first change of the match as Djuricic makes way for Matri.,0
Bourabia is shown a yellow card after fouling Bernardeschi in Sassuolo’s defensive third.,2
Matuidi looks to skip away from Magnani down the left wing, but the Sassuolo defender pulls the Frenchman to the ground. Yellow card.,2
Sandro receives a yellow card after going in late and from behind on Berardi. He can have no complaints with that one.,2
OAL! Juventus take the lead! Consigli’s poor clearance drops straight to Ronaldo on the edge of the box. The Portuguese international’s shot from distance is parried away by the Sassuolo goalkeeper, but Khedira is on hand to tap the ball in from close range on the rebound. 1-0.,1
janic is the first player to receive a yellow card after cynically fouling Locatelli in Sassuolo’s defensive third.,2
Vidal brings down Eraso in the final third and he goes into the book. Leganes have a free-kick in a decent position.,2
Roque MesaLeganes · Midfielder #6Carrillo is also on for the home side to replace Roque Mesa.,0
Kenneth OmeruoLeganes · Defender #4Tarin replaces Omeruo at the back with the latter struggling with an injury.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! VIDAL PUTS BARCELONA AHEAD!!!! 2-1!!! Dembele whips a corner into the box and it takes a deflection before rolling towards Vidal at the near post. He snaps up the opportunity, placing a strike past Cuellar from close range. There's confusion initially as the linesman raises his flag for offside. However, the referee checks with the VAR and it sees the ball strikes the leg of Perez and not Rakitic before travelling to Vidal to convert. As a result, the referee awards the goal for the visitors.,1
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21Fati makes his way on to the pitch to replace De Jong. Barca switch back to their 4-2-3-1 formation.,0
Óscar RodríguezLeganes · Midfielder #27Oscar comes off the pitch and is replaced by Eraso.,0
Antoine GriezmannBarcelona · Midfielder #17Griezmann is withdrawn for the visitors in the final third and replaced by Vidal.,0
Sergio BusquetsBarcelona · Midfielder #5Rakitic replaces Busquets for the visitors in the middle of the park.,0
sst: L. MessiGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SUAREZ NOTCHES THE EQUALISER!!! 1-1!!!! Suarez converts with his header on this occasion, guiding it low beneath the body of Cuellar into the back of the net. Messi floats his cross into the box and Suarez peels off his man to have a free header at goal and the forward makes no mistake from six yards.,1
usquets fouls Roque Mesa sprinting up the field, and he goes into the book for his lunge. The Spaniard will now miss Barcelona's next match.,2
oque Mesa brings down Messi on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Asst: R. MesaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! EN-NESYRI FIRES LEGANES AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead courtesy of a stunning effort from En-Nesyri. Roque Mesa flicks the ball behind the Barca backline towards the right inside channel. En-Nesyri races there ahead of Firpo to collect and then cuts inside to shoot on his left foot. He fires his attempt around Pique and it soars all the way into the top-right corner, leaving Ter Stegen with no chance. A super strike.,1
Josip IličićAtalanta · Striker #72Final Atalanta substitution now and Ilicic is the man coming off, he has been replaced by Pessina.,0
Matteo PolitanoInter · Midfielder #16Inter make their third and final substitution of the game, with Politano making way for Keita.,0
Mario PašalićAtalanta · Midfielder #88Another Atalanta substitution and it's Pasalic who is coming off and his replacement is Barrow.,0
Politano is the first Inter player to be booked today, after his late challenge just inside his own half.,2
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Inter make their second change of the game, with Gagliardini coming off and he has been replaced by Valero.,0
José Luis PalominoAtalanta · Defender #6Atalanta make their first substitution with Palomino the man coming off and he has been replaced by Masiello.,0
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Here is the enforced Inter substitution, with Brozovic unable to carry on and it's a straight swap in midfield, with Nainggolan replacing him.,0
Inter try to play a quick corner after receiving a new ball from the stands, they take the set piece but Gollini keeps the other ball in play so there are two on the pitch and the referee has to stop the game. The Atalanta keeper is shown a yellow card.,2
Felipe AndersonWest Ham · Midfielder #8West Ham's final change sees Fornals take over from Felipe Anderson, who has impressed today.,0
Mark NobleWest Ham · Midfielder #16Pellegrini brings on Sanchez for Noble with around five minutes to go at the London Stadium.,0
Todd CantwellNorwich City · Midfielder #14Cantwell, who missed a sitter with the score at 1-0 in the first half, is replaced by McLean for the final 10 minutes or so.,0
Marco StiepermannNorwich City · Midfielder #18Farke makes a double change, with Drmic on for Stiepermann in the first of those substitutions.,0
Snodgrass, who has only just come on as a substitute, trips Lewis to earn himself a yellow card against his former club.,2
Andriy YarmolenkoWest Ham · Midfielder #7Yarmolenko can be more than happy with his efforts today. Having just returned from 10 months out, he is replaced by Snodgrass with 20 minutes to go.,0
orwich right-back Aarons joins opposite number Fredericks in being shown a yellow card after catching Felipe Anderson.,2
Fredericks is beaten twice by Lewis and is forced to take out his opponent, leading to the first caution of the contest.,2
OOOOAAALLL!!! WEST HAM 2-0 NORWICH! Moments after hitting the post, Yarmolenko thumps the ball past Krul to double West Ham's tally. Cantwell is guilty of giving possession away and, after the initial cross is blocked, Yarmolenko is in the right place to volley in the rebound from a slight angle. Great technique!,1
Christoph ZimmermannNorwich City · Defender #6Zimmermann does indeed make way, unable to shake off the challenge from Haller a little earlier. Amadou, brought in on loan from Sevilla earlier this month, is introduced for his Premier League debut.,0
Asst: A. MasuakuGOOOOAAALLL!!! WEST HAM 1-0 NORWICH CITY! It is a first home goal in West Ham colours for Haller, who now has three in two overall. Masuaku plays a quick give-and-go down the left and profits from some poor positional play from Godfrey and Zimmermann to fire in a low cross that Haller converts with a sliding finish from five yards out.,1
Roberto FirminoLiverpool · Striker #9Final change for Liverpool now as Firmino is replaced by Sturridge. ,0
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Origi is on in place of Mane for Liverpool's second change of the game. ,0
Diego RicoBournemouth · Defender #21Last roll of the dice from Howe as Mepham comes on to replace Rico.,0
Georginio WijnaldumLiverpool · Midfielder #5It's a defensive change for Liverpool as Alexander-Arnold comes on to replace Wijnaldum.,0
Jefferson LermaBournemouth · Midfielder #8Second change for Bournemouth now as Lerma goes off to be replaced by Mousset.,0
Matip is the first Liverpool player to be booked after a foul on Fraser.,2
Jordon IbeBournemouth · Midfielder #10First substitution of the game now as Ibe goes off to be replaced by Solanke. ,0
Asst: R. FirminoSALAH MAKES IT THREE! It only takes a few passes to get it through to him after Milner's throw-in and the defenders had followed the ball, leaving him in a lot of space in the box. He keeps his cool and curls the ball past Boruc and into the bottom corner. 3-0 Liverpool!,1
sst: A. RobertsonEXCELLENT GOAL BY WIJNALDUM! He takes the ball down with a brilliant touch and chips it over Ake and Boruc with the outside of his boot to double his side's lead. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
Asst: J. MilnerMANE PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD! There's a slight hint of offside from Mane, but he doesn't even have to jump to beat his defenders as he heads the ball past Boruc and into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
Asst: T. TomásGOALLL!! STUTTGART!!! PEREA!! Perea pulls a goal back for Stuttgart from out of nowhere! Tomas sends in a cross from the left wing and Perea heads the ball past Sommer. Game on!,1
Dan-Axel ZagadouVfB Stuttgart · Defender #23Zagadou makes way for Nartey in the Stuttgart defence.,0
Atakan KarazorVfB Stuttgart · Midfielder #16Millot replaces Karazor, who is visibly disappointed in the scoreline as he comes off.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Gravenberch replaces Goretzka in the Bayern midfield for the final few minutes.,0
Thomas MüllerBayern · Midfielder #25Pavard comes on for Muller as Bayern's fifth and final substitution.,0
SilasVfB Stuttgart · Striker #14Perea replaces Silas to lead the Stuttgart frontline.,0
Chris FührichVfB Stuttgart · Striker #22Tomas comes on for Fuhrich as Stuttgart try to gain some momentum in this game.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Gnabry comes on for Coman to add extra pace on the right wing.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Sane replaces Musiala on the left side of the Bayern attack.,0
Eric Maxim Choupo-MotingBayern · Striker #13Goalscorer Choupo-Moting makes way for Mane as Nagelsmann makes a triple substitution.,0
Asst: T. MüllerGOALL!!! 2-0 BAYERN!! CHOUPO-MOTING!! Bayern finally double their lead as Choupo-Moting slots the ball past Bredlow! The visitors sweep through the Stuttgart defence and Muller times his pass perfectly for Choupo-Moting to score.,1
sst: J. MusialaGOALLL!!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!! DE LIGT!! De Ligt scores a stunning goal to break the deadlock for Bayern! He cuts onto his right foot and shoots low from 25 yards out. Bredlow sees it late and cannot keep it out despite getting a hand to the ball.,1
Asst: R. Loftus-CheekGOOOALLLL!!!! Mount has a hat-trick!!!! Loftus-Cheek breaks forward in acres of space and surges into the box. He could shoot, but cuts the ball back to Mount who sidefoots it home into an empty net!!! Three for Mount, seven for Chelsea, and three points in the bag at Stamford Bridge.,1
Penalty GoalGOOOALLLL!!! There's number six!!! Mount makes no mistake this time and fires the ball past Krul, who went the right way again, to make it 6-0 to the home side!! What a performance from Chelsea, and what a dismal match for the Norwich fans inside Stamford Bridge.,1
PENALTY!!! VAR judges that Normann did indeed handle that ball and it's a penalty for Chelsea! Normann is booked as Mount will step up...,2
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Ross Barkley will also come on, for Chelsea's number nine today, Kai Havertz.,0
Callum Hudson-OdoiChelsea · Midfielder #20Hudson-Odoi, who has really impressed for Chelsea, is replaced by Hakim Ziyech.,0
Josh SargentNorwich City · Striker #24Andrew Omobamidele will come on for Norwich, replacing USA striker Sargent.,0
ED CARD!!! Things go from bad to worse for Norwich as Gibson, who was only booked ten minutes ago, cuts down James late, and is given his second yellow card!!!! This defeat is getting uglier by the minute for Norwich.,3
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Jorginho, who has completely ran the show for Chelsea in this match, is replaced by Ruben Loftus-Cheek.,0
Asst: M. KovačićGOOOALLLL!!! There's number four!!! It's Chilwell for Chelsea, who again move the ball horizontally across the pitch at pace. Kovacic sets the England left-back up, and he smashes the ball across goal and into the bottom right-hand corner!!! 4-0 now, and it didn't take Chelsea long to re-establish their dominance in the second half.,1
ibson floors Havertz 30 yards from goal, and is given a booking by the referee.,2
Dimitris GiannoulisNorwich City · Midfielder #30Norwich make their first of two half-time changes, as Giannoulis is brought off for Manchester United loanee Brandon Williams.,0
Pierre Lees-MelouNorwich City · Midfielder #20The booked Lees-Melou is also withdrawn, replaced by Milot Rashica.,0
Lees-Melou clips Chilwell as he runs onto a Jorginho pass, and is given the first yellow card of the match.,2
Asst: M. MountGOOOALLLL!!!! It's three for Chelsea! They move the ball from left to right and Mount places a delightful throughball forward for James to run on to. The England wing-back gets there first and dinks the ball over the oncoming Krul to make it 3-0!!! Game, set, and match in all likelihood, and it's not even half-time yet.,1
Asst: M. KovačićGOOOALLLLL!!!! Chelsea double their lead!!! Kovacic splits the away defence in two with a beautiful pass from halfway, and Hudson-Odoi races onto the ball and sidefoots it past Krul to make it 2-0 to Chelsea! The blues are in total control here, and it looks like there's no way back for Norwich.,1
Asst: JorginhoGOOOALLLL!!!!! Chelsea lead already!!! The Hanley clearance isn't anywhere near far away enough and Jorginho wins the ball back for Chelsea. He tees up Mount who smashes the ball past Krul and into the bottom corner!!! 1-0 to Chelsea straight away, and Norwich's chances of a first win grow even smaller!,1
ono reacts to the late challenge by shoving Morata and is duly booked.,2
Thomas ParteyAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #5Morata replaces Partey, with the aim of holding the ball for the visitors upfield.,0
Enis BardhiLevante · Midfielder #10Bardhi is withdrawn for Hernani for the home side.,0
Diego CostaAtlético Madrid · Striker #19Herrera replaces Costa to add an extra body to the Atletico midfield.,0
Sergio LeónLevante · Striker #7Mayoral comes on to replace Leon in the final third.,0
Nikola VukčevićLevante · Midfielder #17Campana is on for Vukcevic in the middle of the park.,0
CokeLevante · Defender #23Coke comes on for the hosts and is replaced by Morales.,0
Yannick CarrascoAtlético Madrid · Midfielder #21On comes Joao Felix to replace Carrasco in the final third.,0
Mario HermosoAtlético Madrid · Defender #22Gimenez comes on to replace Hermoso in the Atletico backline.,0
Marcos LlorenteAtlético Madrid · Striker #14Llorente is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Correa.,0
Vukcevic catches Costa in their aerial battle and is booked by the referee.,2
Carlos SolerPSG · Midfielder #28PSG are running out of time to find a winner here, and Enrique is making his final change. Soler is taken off, with Lee on in his place.,0
Maghnes AklioucheMonaco · Midfielder #21Monaco's first change sees Akliouche make way for Ben Seghir.,0
Lucas HernándezPSG · Defender #21PSG are making a double change this time. Hernandez is the first to go off, with Mendes on in his place.,0
Gonçalo RamosPSG · Striker #9And Ramos, who has had a very quiet game, failing to manage a single shot, is replaced by Dembele.,0
Kylian MbappéPSG · Striker #7There's a change for PSG at the break. It's Mbappe that's taken off, with Kolo Muani on in his place.,0
Marco AsensioPSG · Striker #11Asensio does go straight off with the medical team after receiving more treatment on what looked like a thigh injury. Barcola is brought on to replace him.,0
GOOOAAALLL!!!75'VfL Bochum5 - 2AntalyasporJordi Osei-TutuVfL Bochum,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!45'VfL Bochum2 - 1AntalyasporSimon ZollerVfL Bochum,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!41'VfL Bochum1 - 1AntalyasporIvan OrdetsVfL Bochum,1
GOOOAAALLL!!!16'VfL Bochum0 - 1AntalyasporHoussam GhachaAntalyaspor,1
Maxwel CornetLyon · Midfielder #27Cornet goes down after colliding with Ramsey and Lyon take no chances by swiftly replacing him with Andersen. ,0
Adrien RabiotJuventus · Midfielder #25Rabiot has had a quiet game for the away side and he's replaced by Bernardeschi as Juventus continue to search for an equaliser.  ,0
Léo DuboisLyon · Midfielder #14Dubois is replaced by Tete at wing-back after tiring in the last ten minutes. ,0
Juan CuadradoJuventus · Striker #16Cuadrado is replaced by Higuain as Juventus begin to grow more desperate for an away goal. ,0
Karl Toko EkambiLyon · Striker #21Toko Ekambi is replaced by Terrier after a brilliantly energetic display. ,0
Miralem PjanićJuventus · Midfielder #5Pjanic is replaced by Ramsey in midfield as the away side search for an injection of energy in the centre.   ,0
Cornet is booked for a cynical challenge near the halfway line - he'd committed a few fouls earlier and the referee finally ran out of patience.  ,2
Asst: H. AouarLYON TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! What a start for the French club! Auoar makes an enterprising run down the left flank towards the byline, before cutting back a dangerous pass into the six-yard box, where Tousart is unmarked to steer it into the top corner!,1
arcelo is booked for catching Dybala with his hand while trying to shield the ball. ,2
Benjamin PavardBayern · Defender #5Pavard is replaced by Kouassi as Bayern continue to throw everything at Augsburg. ,0
André HahnAugsburg · Striker #28Hahn also departs with Jensen taking his spot.,0
Andi ZeqiriAugsburg · Striker #21Zeqiri heads off with Cordova taking his place.,0
Niklas DorschAugsburg · Midfielder #30Dorsch also heads off with Moravek taking his place.,0
Mads PedersenAugsburg · Midfielder #3Two more changes for Augsburg. The goalscorer Pedersen heads off to be replaced by Gruezo.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Bayern make another substitution as they continue to hunt for an equaliser. This time, Sane makes way for Choupo-Moting.,0
Daniel CaligiuriAugsburg · Midfielder #20Caligiuri is replaced by Framberger as Augsburg make their first change.,0
Marcel SabitzerBayern · Midfielder #18Sabitzer also makes way for Musiala, after a difficult outing.   ,0
Omar RichardsBayern · Defender #3Bayern quickly make a double substitution to try and turn this one around. The first change sees Richards depart for Davies.,0
Hernandez is also shown a yellow card after clashing with Hahn.,2
Hahn and Hernandez clash off the ball, prompting pushes from both teams. Hahn is booked for his role in that.,2
sst: T. MüllerGOAL! And Lewandowski halves the deficit immediately! 2-1. Muller flicks on Pavard's awkward cross, and it drifts through to Lewandowski at the back post, where the striker fires a low volley into the bottom corner from close range!,1
Asst: IagoGOALLL! Hahn doubles Augsburg's lead! 2-0. Zeqiri snatches possession away from Sabitzer, before rolling it out towards Iago to kickstart a counter-attack. Iago races towards the box and whips in an inviting delivery, allowing Hahn to climb above Hernandez to guide a header across goal and past Neuer!,1
EDERSEN! 1-0 AUGSBURG! The hosts take a shock lead. Iago gallops down the left, before whipping in a low cross towards the near post. Zeqiri gets there first and flicks it back towards Pedersen who rushes in to drill a fierce strike into the bottom corner from eight yards!,1
Cody GakpoLiverpool · Striker #18Liverpool's final roll of the dice sees Gordon coming on for the four minutes of stoppage time. He replaces for Gakpo.,0
DANNS SCORES AGAIN! Southampton create all their problems once more as Mac Allister wrestles Aribo off the ball. His cross is half-cleared by Smallbone, who only gets it as far as Bradley. Lumley makes a good save to keep his long-range strike out, but he parries it straight to Danns, who makes no mistake as he fires it into the back of the empty net. 3-0 Liverpool!,1
he first yellow card of the game is shown to Manning after he catches Gakpo with a late tackle.,2
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Striker #19There's another debut coming for Liverpool here as 16-year-old Nyoni is being introduced in place of Elliott.,0
Kyle Walker-PetersSouthampton · Defender #2Walker-Peters, who came on just under 20 minutes ago, seemed to slip and hurt himself when he was chasing down Mac Allister a little earlier on. He goes back off the pitch, with Harwood-Bellis replacing him.,0
Asst: H. ElliottDANNS SCORES! Smallbone's return pass to Manning is too heavy, and he gifts it straight to Elliott. He plays a great reverse pass into the box for Danns to latch onto, and he keeps his composure to slide a lovely low shot past Lumley and in at the near post. 2-0 Liverpool!,1
Joe RothwellSouthampton · Midfielder #19Rothwell is the other player making way, with Smallbone on in his place.,0
Samuel EdozieSouthampton · Striker #23There's another double change for Southampton now, and it's Adams, who has a good record in this competition that's coming on for Edozie.,0
Lewis KoumasLiverpool · Striker #67And the goalscorer, Koumas, is also going off to a warm reception from the Anfield crowd. Danns comes on for him.,0
James McConnellLiverpool · Midfielder #53Liverpool are making a double change here, and Mac Allister is being brought on to sure things up in midfield. He replaces McConnell.,0
James BreeSouthampton · Defender #14And there's a straight swap at right-back, as Walker-Peters comes on in place of Bree.,0
Kamaldeen SulemanaSouthampton · Striker #20Southampton are making a double change here. Sulemana, who has arguably been Southampton's brightest player, is replaced by Armstrong.,0
Virgil van DijkLiverpool · Defender #4Liverpool are making a change at the break, and it's Van Dijk that's going off, with Konate on in his place.,0
Asst: B. ClarkKOUMAS SCORES! It's a dream debut for the youngster! Clark cuts inside from the left, leaving Edozie in his wake, before sliding it into Koumas, who times his run perfectly. He takes it around Stephens before drilling a low shot on goal, and a deflection off Bednarek's heel wrongfoots Lumley and helps the shot roll into the near-bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool!,1
Michail AntonioWest Ham · Striker #9Antonio, whose goal looks like the winner, is replaced by Yarmolenko for West Ham.,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20Equalising goalscorer Bowen is replaced for West Ham, by centre-back Dawson. David Moyes not hiding his intention to ensure his side hang onto this slim lead.,0
Jamie ShackletonLeeds United · Defender #46Shackleton is taken off and replaced by young Dutch winger Summerville for Leeds, although it does appear to be too late for Leeds to rescue this match.,0
sst: D. RiceGOOALLLLL!!!! That looks like the winner for West Ham! The Hammers break forward at speed, and with Leeds' defence nowhere to be seen, Antonio has time to slot the ball past the advancing Meslier and into the bottom corner! West Ham lead 2-1, and look to have secured the three points here!,1
Roberts is booked for Leeds after fouling Aaron Cresswell. The West Ham left-back takes the resultant free-kick.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8Fornals is withdrawn by David Moyes, and replaced by West Ham's summer signing, Vlasic.,0
eslier is yellow carded by the Kevin Friend, after complaining to the referee about Soucek clattering through him at a West Ham free-kick. ,2
RaphinhaLeeds United · Midfielder #10Raphinha, Leeds' talisman who has been by far their most creative player, is withdrawn and replaced by Roberts. ,0
ntonio is booked for his involvement in the foul, although luckily Meslier is able to continue after receiving treatment.,2
Daniel JamesLeeds United · Midfielder #20James is withdrawn at half-time for Leeds, and is replaced by regular left-wing occupant Harrison.,0
est Ham's Fornals receives his side's first booking, having pulled back Raphinha as the Leeds winger looked to break from a corner.,2
Raphinha receives the first booking of the match, bringing him back down to Earth after that elating opening goal.,2
Asst: M. KlichGOALLLL!!!! Leeds lead 1-0! Raphinha capitalises on a gap in West Ham's defence and places a well-hit shot into the bottom-left corner! What a great goal by Marcelo Bielsa's side!,1
Glenn MurrayBrighton · Striker #17Another Brighton change, with Murray making way for Andone, a straight swap up top for the visitors.,0
March is shown the first yellow card of the game after a late challenge.,2
BernardoBrighton · Defender #30Brighton make their first substitution of the game, with Bernardo coming off and he has been replaced by Bong.,0
sst: M. AntonioGOOOAAALLL! The comeback is complete, the Hammers are now level, it's 2-2! It's that man Arnautovic once again with the goal. Antonio gets to the byline just inside the six-yard box and pulls the ball back to Arnautovic who pokes the ball into the back of the net, via the crossbar. Game on.,1
sst: M. NobleGOOOAAALLL! West Ham pull a goal back, it's 2-1! Arnautovic with a fine finish to get the Hammers back in the game, after a long ball over the top of the Brighton defence by Noble, the striker used his strength to stop Duffy making a challenge and then slides the ball between the legs of Button and into the back of the net.,1
Pedro ObiangWest Ham · Midfielder #14The other substitution sees Obiang make way for Noble.,0
Robert SnodgrassWest Ham · Midfielder #11It's a double change by the Hammers, with Snodgrass the first player to come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Antonio.,0
sst: P. GroßGOOOAAALLL! The visitors double their lead, two goals in two minutes! Brighton lead 2-0 and it comes from another corner. Duffy was free at the far post, the ball makes it's way to him after a deflection, he controls it and pokes the ball home from a tight angle, an excellent finish from the centre-back.,1
OOOAAALLL! Brighton lead 1-0! It comes from the corner, with the Seagulls once again causing all sorts of problems in the Hammers penalty box. The intital ball is headed to the edge of the box, but Stephens was unmarked and had time to control the ball and then place the ball in the bottom corner through a crowd of players.,1
Andy CarrollWest Ham · Striker #9West Ham have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Carroll replaced by Perez.,0
Asst: A. LookmanGOOOAAAALLL!! EVERTON 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH! That should do it! Following a bombardment on their goal, the home side lift all the weight off their shoulders through a killer second. Lookman leads the counter and pulls the ball back for Calvert-Lewin, who guides it home - possibly with a slight touch off Ake - from around 10 yards.,1
Gylfi SigurðssonEverton · Midfielder #10Silva eats up more seconds and strengthens his backline by introducing Mina for Sigurdsson.,0
RicharlisonEverton · Striker #30Richarlison, who has been walking a disciplinary tightrope of sorts since picking up a yellow card, is replaced by Calvert-Lewin. Some fresh legs up top for Everton to see out the final stages.,0
Richarlison is cautioned for leading with his elbow in an aerial challenge with Cook. Moments before that, the Brazil forward hammered the ball over the bar from 18 yards.,2
David BrooksBournemouth · Midfielder #20Brooks missed a big chance in the first half and has since gone off the boil. Ibe is on in his place.,0
BernardEverton · Midfielder #20Walcott will add some pace out wide in the final throes of the match in a like-for-like change for Bernard.,0
Junior StanislasBournemouth · Midfielder #19Play is disrupted once again, this time for the game's first substitution. Mousset is on for Stanislas in attack for the final quarter of the contest.,0
ouma is also cautioned for reacting angrily to the awarding of a free-kick to Bournemouth. The referee Anthony Taylor needs to get the game under control.,2
omes is booked for what I can only assume is dissent, having been left unhappy by the referee's decision to award Bournemouth a free-kick.,2
eane is cautioned for a crunching challenge on Fraser. The foul was not enough to halt the counter, though, with King firing wide from a promising position.,2
sst: L. DigneGOOOOAAAALLL!! EVERTON 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Zouma scores his first goal for Everton to give the home side lift off! Lerma's clearance from Sigurdsson's corner is pounced on by Digne, who drives to the byline and hangs the ball up at the front post for his team-mate to head past a stranded Begovic. No idea what Begovic, Ake or Cook were doing there - Zouma was in acres of space.,1
Bernard is shown the first yellow card of the contest for bringing down Bournemouth left-back Smith.,2
Mikel OyarzabalReal Sociedad · Striker #10La Real make a late change with Oyarzabal leaving the pitch. Cho is on to replace him in the final few minutes of the game.,0
Alexander BahBenfica · Defender #6Schmidt rolls the dice as he brings on an attacking option hoping to rescue something from this game. Chiquinho comes on to replace Bah.,0
Bernat receives a booking for being overly aggressive with his protests towards the referee.,2
Ander BarrenetxeaReal Sociedad · Striker #7Zakharyan has a chance to prove himself in the second half as he comes on in place of Barrenetxea.,0
Takefusa KuboReal Sociedad · Striker #14La Real make another change as Fernandez comes off the bench in place of Kubo.,0
erino is the latest player to receive a yellow after a late challenge on Neves in the middle of the pitch.,2
ust a matter of seconds after coming off the bench, Elustondo goes into the referee's book for a foul on Gouveia.,2
Hamari TraoréReal Sociedad · Defender #18La Real make their first substitution of the match as Traore is replaced by Elustondo.,0
David NeresBenfica · Midfielder #7Neres' game is over as Schmidt makes his fourth change, bringing on Gouveia in attack.,0
Asst: A. BarrenetxeaGOOOAAALLLL!!! 1-0 REAL SOCIEDAD!! Merino swivels on the ball and sprays a pass out wide to Barrenetxea on the left-hand side. The La Real winger takes on Bah and cuts it back to Mendez who found himself in space in the box, and he powers home leaving Trubin with no chance. The Spanish side open the scoring in Lisbon!,1
David JurásekBenfica · Defender #13Benfica make their third change of the game as Bernat comes on in place of Jurasek and slots in at left-back.,0
João MárioBenfica · Midfielder #20Joao Mario won't be involved in the second half as Kokcu replaces him at half-time.,0
Petar MusaBenfica · Striker #33Cabral enters the fray at the break in place of Musa in attack.,0
It's a clumsy challenge from Brozovic, who kicks Simeone's feet out from under him. He picks up a late yellow card.,2
aprari skipped past two Inter defenders before Dumfries got across. He goes in with a heavy challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
Hakan ÇalhanoğluInter · Midfielder #20The final change for Inter sees Gagliardini coming on to replace Calhanoglu.,0
Darko LazovićVerona · Midfielder #8Another double change for Verona as they search for a late consolation. Lazovic is first to make way, with Cancellieri replacing him.,0
Federico CeccheriniVerona · Defender #17And Ceccherini is also taken off, with Sutalo on in his place.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Defender #32And Dimarco's game is also over, with Bastoni on to replace him.,0
Nicolò BarellaInter · Midfielder #23Inter are making a double change this time. Barella, who scored the opening goal, goes off for Vidal.,0
Davide FaraoniVerona · Midfielder #5And Faraoni is also making way, with Depaoli on for him.,0
Daniel BessaVerona · Midfielder #24Verona are making a double change now. Bessa is the first to be taken off, with Lasagna replacing him.,0
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #19Inter are making their second change of the game here. Correa is going off, with Gosens on in his place.,0
Stefan de VrijInter · Defender #6There's a change at the break for Inter, with De Vrij taken off and replaced by D'Ambrosio.,0
sst: I. PerišićDZEKO SCORES! Dimarco whips the corner in for Inter, and it's glanced on by Perisic at the near post. Dzeko gets away from his marker and is left with a simple tap-in, giving Montipo no chance from close range. 2-0 Inter!,1
Asst: I. PerišićBARELLA SCORES! It's another brilliant counter-attack from Inter! The loose pass is played straight to Perisic and he has acres of space ahead of him down the left. He puts a great cross into the far post and Barella fires it into the roof of the net from close range. 1-0 Inter!,1
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Lacazette is withdrawn for Nelson for the closing stages of the game.,0
McCarthy brings down Martinelli with a loose challenge from behind and goes into the book.,2
Mesut ÖzilArsenal · Midfielder #10Ozil is withdrawn for Martinelli for the Gunners in the final third.,0
Max MeyerCrystal Palace · Midfielder #7Meyer is forced off due to the severity of the challenge and is replaced by Tosun, who makes his Palace debut.,0
OFF! Aubemeyang is sent off for a tackle on Meyer. He sticks out a leg and catches Meyer on the ankle with his studs. He receives a yellow card initially from the referee, but VAR overturns the decision and turns it into a red card. ,3
Maitland-Niles brings down Kouyate on the Palace left flank and goes into the book for the visitors.,2
Lucas TorreiraArsenal · Midfielder #11Torreira is replaced at the break by Guendouzi, which could be injury related.,0
Pepe goes into the book for sticking his boot out at McCarthy on the deck after the two had been involved in a challenge.,2
Asst: A. LacazetteGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! AUBAMEYANG SCORES!!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The Gunners cut open the Palace defence and Aubameyang slots a low strike into the bottom-right corner to beat Guaita. Arsenal use the ball well in possession before Lacazette slides a throughball into the box for the run of his team-mate. Aubameyang takes a sublime first touch before burying his effort into the back of the net on his right foot.,1
Asst: E. Choupo-MotingNEYMAR MAKES IT FOUR FOR PSG! Neymar puts the cherry on top of the victory after bursting onto a Choupo-Moting pass in midfield and forcing Butelle to come off his line, only to put it easily past the goalkeeper!,1
aredes is shown a late yellow card for a dangerous foul just outside his own penalty area on the left. ,2
Pablo SarabiaPSG · Striker #19Sarabia goes off to boisterous applause as Tuchel gives the man of the match seven minutes to rest. Di Maria will get a chance in his stead.,0
Neymar is booked for a handball inside the Angers penalty area whilst trying to control a cross.,2
Rachid AliouiAngers · Striker #7Alioui has had a disappointing match, but perhaps Kanga can provide his side with a boost from the bench.,0
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14Diallo will get a chance to stretch his legs for the final 12 minutes as Bernat is replaced. ,0
Mauro IcardiPSG · Striker #18Icardi's match comes to an end as Choupo-Moting comes on in his place.,0
Asst: P. SarabiaGUEYE MAKES IT THREE FOR PSG! A cross from the left floates into the penalty area for Sarabia, controls it with his left before hammering a volley with the outside of his foot towards goal. A clearance off the line is sent right back to Sarabia, whose second effort is directed towards Gueye, who taps it home comfortably! ,1
Antonin BobichonAngers · Midfielder #23Mangani enters the match in place of Bobichon with 35 minutes remaining.,0
Pereira Lage is shown a yellow card for his challenge on Neymar in midfield, which breaks up a PSG counter-attack. ,2
Rayan Aït-NouriAngers · Defender #2The first-half injury to Ait Nouri seems to have lingered, as he is substituted off at half-time for Thioub. ,0
Asst: P. SarabiaICARDI MAKES IT 2-0! His second goal in two matches for PSG comes eight minutes before the interval after Neymar's lovely dance opens up a world of space in the penalty area. Neymar then distributes it to the right for Sarabia, whose square pass goes through the legs of Gueye, only for Icardi to pop up and slot home!,1
Sarabia's high boot catches Bobichon in midfield, which will earn the PSG forward a yellow card. ,2
Asst: A. HerreraPSG HAVE TAKEN THE LEAD! It's a superb goal from Sarabia who puts the hosts ahead by 1-0! It's a simple pass from the right flank from Herrera, who passes it inside for the run of Sarabia, who cuts across three defenders before slotting his shot neatly in the corner - beating Butelle in the process!,1
Matt DohertyWolves · Midfielder #2Wolves make another change, taking off Doherty for Traore, looking to inject some more pace and energy into their performance for the final few minutes.,0
Morgan Gibbs-WhiteWolves · Midfielder #17Gibbs-White has played well, but he leaves the pitch for Dendoncker.,0
BrunoBrighton · Defender #2Bruno tried to continue, but his game is over as he gingerly leaves the pitch for Bernardo.,0
Jonny OttoWolves · Midfielder #19Wolves make their first change of the game with Vinagre coming on for Jonny.,0
ota turns Stephens in the middle of the pitch and the Brighton midfielder goes into Pawson's book for a late tackle.,2
Davy PröpperBrighton · Midfielder #24That's Propper's game done today as he leaves the pitch holding his hamstring. Kayal is his replacement in a like-for-like switch.,0
DodôShakhtar Donetsk · Defender #2The hosts make their final substitution of the match. Bolbot replaces Dodo. ,0
Manor SolomonShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #19Solomon also heads for the bench, with Sudakov coming on in his place. ,0
Júnior MoraesShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #10With 14 minutes of normal time left to play, the goalscorer, Moraes, makes way for Detinho. ,0
PedroRoma · Striker #11After extending their lead, the away side bring on El Shaarawy for Pedro. It is now 5-1 on aggregate. ,0
Asst: C. PérezGOOOAAALLL! Roma add a second! Pedro sends a defence-splitting pass into Perez, who made a good run off the shoulder. The attacker rounds Trubin, lifts his head up, and lays the ball off for Mayoral, who calmly finds the bottom-right corner of the open goal. 2-1. ,1
TetêShakhtar Donetsk · Striker #14It is a double substitution as Bonfim comes on for Tete. There are 30 minutes of normal time to play. ,0
Alan PatrickShakhtar Donetsk · Midfielder #21Following that goal, Konoplyanka replaces Alan Patrick for the hosts. ,0
Asst: Alan PatrickGOOOOAAALLL! Shakhtar have one back! Following a free-kick from deep, the ball breaks to Tete on the edge of the box. The winger floats a cross into the far post, which Alan Patrick sends back across goal, and Moraes arrives first to find the bottom-right corner. 1-1. ,1
Amadou DiawaraRoma · Midfielder #42It is a triple change for the away side. Pellegrini enters the fray in place of Diawara.  ,0
Rick KarsdorpRoma · Midfielder #2As we approach the hour mark, Roma make their second change of the match. Peres replaces the recently-booked Karsdorp.  ,0
arsdorp goes to ground and brings down Tete as he looked to advance down the left. He is shown a yellow card by the referee for that tackle.,2
Alan Patrick is the latest player to go into the book after cynically dragging Diawara to the ground during a counter attack. He can have no complaints with that decision. ,2
GOOAALLLL!! Roma take the lead on the night! Villar spreads the play over to the right, and a ricochet opens the space for Karsdorp to send a cross into the box. His low delivery is flicked up by Krivtsov, and Mayoral is on hand to nod the rebound into the bottom-left corner from close range. 1-0. ,1
Roger IbañezRoma · Defender #3The away side make one change at the break, with Mancini replacing Ibanez. ,0
ntonio goes down on the edge of Roma’s box after seemingly being caught by Diawara, but the referee shows the Shakhtar midfielder a yellow card for simulation. ,2
olomon shows quick feet to skip beyond Ibanez down the left flank, and the defender cynically trips him with an attack looming. The Brazilian is given the first yellow card of the match. ,2
Cataldi is then shown the yellow card for what appeared to be an off-the-ball incident.,2
ennacer is booked by the referee for a foul on Correa near the left flank.,2
Rade KrunićMilan · Midfielder #33AC Milan make their third change as Krunic is replaced by Bonaventura.,0
Asst: L. AlbertoGOOOAL! Correa makes it 2-1 to Lazio! The visitors launch a quick break as Luis Alberto advances towards the edge of the box before playing a disguised ball into the path of Correa, and he makes no mistake by smashing it beyond Donnarumma to give Lazio the lead.,1
Felipe CaicedoLazio · Striker #20Lazio eventually decide to withdraw the injured Caicedo, and Cataldi comes on in his place.,0
ucas is shown a yellow card for tripping over Leao as he tried to launch an AC Milan counter-attack.,2
Calhanoglu surges forward from deep before being taken out by Radu, and the Lazio defender is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2
Parolo is shown a yellow card for a foul on Hernandez in Lazio half.,2
Ciro ImmobileLazio · Striker #17The visitors are also making their second change as Caicedo is introduced in place of Immobile.,0
Sergej Milinković-SavićLazio · Midfielder #21Lazio make their first change of the match as Milinkovic-Savic is replaced by Parolo.,0
Lucas PaquetáMilan · Midfielder #39AC Milan make their second change as Paqueta is replaced by Leao.,0
Duarte was eventually shown the yellow card for his foul on Luis Alberto after some deliberation from the referee.,2
Milinkovic-Savic is shown the first yellow card of the match for tripping over Hernandez near the halfway line.,2
Samu CastillejoMilan · Striker #7Castillejo's injury means he is unable to continue and this sees Rebic enter the fray for the hosts.,0
Asst: M. LazzariGOOOAL! Immobile makes it 1-0 to Lazio! Lazzari has the ball in acres of space on the right flank and he travels to the byline before floating a delivery into the box, and Immobile rises highes at the front post to nod it into the bottom left-hand corner.,1
Turner is taking a long time over this goal-kick, and the referee now books him for time-wasting.,2
Amahl PellegrinoBodø/Glimt · Striker #7And Mvuka also comes on in place of Pellegrino.,0
Marius HøibråtenBodø/Glimt · Defender #4Bodo are making a double change as they continue to search for a late equaliser. Hoibraten is the first to go off, with Moe replacing him.,0
artey stops Bodo from taking a free-kick and he's booked for time-wasting.,2
Albert Sambi LokongaArsenal · Midfielder #23Final roll of the dice for Arsenal now as Partey comes on in place of Lokonga.,0
Runar EspejordBodø/Glimt · Striker #11Bodo's second change sees Salvesen come on to replace Espejord.,0
Ben WhiteArsenal · Defender #4And White is also making way for Tomiyasu.,0
Martin ØdegaardArsenal · Midfielder #8Another double change for Arsenal now, with Odegaard taken off and replaced by Marquinhos.,0
Vetlesen is tracking back after Sampsted sloppily gives the ball away, and he drags Nketiah back. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Striker #7Arsenal are making a double change as they try to get back on the front foot in this game. Saka is the first to go off, with Xhaka replacing him.,0
t's a late tackle from Saka on Gronbaek, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2
AKA SCORES! It was good build-up from Arsenal, as they patiently work it out from the back. Saka eventually finds some space down the right and plays a good one-two with Lokonga to get around Wembangomo. Hiis shot is blocked by Hoibraten, but it bounces against Saka's chest and over the line. 1-0 Arsenal!,1
Ulrik SaltnesBodø/Glimt · Midfielder #14Bodo are being forced into an early change here as Saltnes makes his way off with an injury. Gronbaek comes on to replace him.,0
helsea get a free-kick following a Salzburg delivery into the box, and Kepa pushes the penalised Simic in the following melee, being shown a yellow card to boot!,2
Raheem SterlingChelsea · Midfielder #17Sterling also comes off after a quiet game by his standards, and Mason Mount comes off the bench for the first time under Graham Potter. This is the first time he hasn't started a game since the Englishman took over at Stamford Bridge.,0
Conor GallagherChelsea · Midfielder #23Late subs arrive for Chelsea, with Hakim Ziyech replacing the booked Gallagher for the last few minutes.,0
Broja chases a long clearance for Chelsea but can't dispossess Bernardo. Gallagher arrives late and does so, but connects with the defender first and so is booked by the referee.,2
Junior AdamuRB Salzburg · Striker #9Goalscorer Adamu is next off for the hosts, meaning they'll see out the game with a new strike partnership of Simic and Dijon Kameri.,0
Noah OkaforRB Salzburg · Striker #77Okafor hasn't been able to find the net in this game, but has tested Kepa, and comes off now for Roko Simic to hopefully do more of the same.,0
Maximilian WöberRB Salzburg · Defender #39Wober's assist for Adamu's goal was sensational to say the least, and Salzburg's stand-in captain is withdrawn for their regular skipper, veteran Andreas Ulmer.,0
Pierre-Emerick AubameyangChelsea · Striker #9Aubameyang also comes off, with Armando Broja brought on in his place to try his luck up front.,0
Christian PulisicChelsea · Midfielder #10Having played a massive part in what is currently the winning goal for Chelsea, Pulisic comes off, and club captain Cesar Azpilicueta is on for him.,0
Mateo KovačićChelsea · Midfielder #8Kovacic's opener got the Blues up and running, but he's off now for Ruben Loftus-Cheek in the centre of the park.,0
Asst: C. PulisicGOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! What a strike!!! Pulisic shows brilliant skill to evade three Salzburg defenders before finding Havertz. His first touch brings the ball across his body, and the second is a sumptuous left-footed shot which curls towards the top corner and smashes off the bottom of the bar, finally beating Kohn and nestling in the back of the net!! 2-1 to Chelsea, and the excitement levels in this game ramp up once more!,1
Luka SučićRB Salzburg · Midfielder #21The booked Susic is first off for Salzburg, and coach Matthias Jaissle brings on young Slovenian excitement machine Benjamin Sesko in his place.,0
sst: M. WöberGOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Die Bullen equalise!!!! The hosts break and Okafor passes to Wober on the left. He crosses early for Adamu, who side-foots a half-volley beyond Kepa with such composure, and the ball rolls into the far corner to lock us up at 1-1!! What a response from the Salzburg players, and we've got a game on our hands here!,1
After the ball appears to hit the hand of Kovacic inside Chelsea's box, the Salzburg players are furious when the referee calls play on! Sucic leads the protests, and is booked for dissent by the referee, but we've likely not seen the last of this issue!,2
OOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! A belting opener from the boys in blue!!! Gallagher's cross for Havertz can't quite culminate in a chance, but the Blues keep the ball and it's played off for Kovacic on the edge of the box. He swings his left boot and smashes the ball into the top-left corner, in a superb first-time finish to put Chelsea into a 1-0 lead!,1
Asst: L. JovićGOOOAAALLL!!! There's the sixth!!! Real win the ball in Levante's half and Jovic stabs it through for Vinicius, who smashes a low shot underneath Cardenas and into the bottom corner!!! Six of the best for the champions, who lead 6-0!,1
NachoReal Madrid · Defender #6Starting defender Nacho comes off now for Real, to be replaced by a much younger fellow academy product in Mario Gila Fuentes.,0
Róber PierLevante · Defender #4Levante make a defensive change as Pier comes off for Ruben Vezo.,0
Federico ValverdeReal Madrid · Midfielder #15Valverde's gone close a few times, but will go no further as he's withdrawn for Castilla product Peter Gonzalez.,0
Karim BenzemaReal Madrid · Striker #9Record-equalling Benzema comes off after another masterful performance, and Luka Jovic will see out the game.,0
Luka ModrićReal Madrid · Midfielder #10Modric too comes off for Real, and his long-time midfield partner Toni Kroos replaces him.,0
Modric flicks out his hand, which strikes the ball from Campana's pass, and is booked, meaning he'll miss Real's next league match.,2
Asst: K. BenzemaGOOOAAALLL!!! It's five!!! Vinicius wins the ball in midfield, and Real play forward again at lightning speed. Benzema feigns shooting several times as he rounds Cardenas, before squaring the ball to Vinicius who taps it into an empty net! 5-0 for five-star Madrid, and the champions are playing like machines at the moment.,1
arti clips Camavinga late as the midfielder passes out of defence, and the Levante substitute is booked just eight minutes after coming on.,2
RodrygoReal Madrid · Striker #21Rodrygo, who scored Real's third, comes off after another lively performance, and Mariano Diaz will replace him in the front-line.,0
Gonzalo MeleroLevante · Midfielder #22Melero comes off in Levante's next change, as Alejandro Cantero comes on.,0
Dani GómezLevante · Striker #21Gomez will also come off for the visitors, replaced by Roger Marti up front.,0
Asst: L. ModrićGOOOAAALLLL!!!! They've got another!!! Vinicius and Modric play a quick one-two and Vinicius dribbles down the left, shooting low from a tight angle and beating Cardenas as the ball nestles in the far corner!!! 4-0, and Levante look dead and buried.,1
Camavinga catches Pepelu late as the Levante midfielder makes a forward pass, and the Frenchman is penalised, receiving the first booking of the game.,2
Martín CáceresLevante · Defender #7Levante manager Alessi Lisci has seen enough and makes a double change, the first of which sees the toiling Caceres come off for Jose Campana.,0
Nemanja RadojaLevante · Midfielder #5Radoja also comes off for Levante, replaced by Macedonian midfielder Enis Bardhi.,0
Asst: L. ModrićGOOOAAALLL!!! It's three!!!! Real cut out a Levante counter-attack, and Rodrygo heads into the box. He finds Modric outside him, who in turn sprays it into the danger area, where Rodrygo has a tap-in on the line and buries it!!! 3-0 to Real, and Levante look all but down after barely half an hour.,1
sst: V. JúniorGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Real have a second!!! Vinicius cuts inside from the left and crosses from the byline. Benzema runs onto it and rises high, to head it into the back of the net from the far post!!! 2-0 to Real, and that goal sees Benzema equal Raul's Real Madrid goalscoring record with 323 career goals for Los Blancos!,1
Asst: L. ModrićGOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What a goal from Madrid!!! Modric, deep in his own half in the left-back position, turns away from Radoja with ease and plays a beauty of a pass over the top. Mendy has raced onto it from left-back and streaks clear, slotting it beyond Cardenas and into the bottom corner!!! What a start for Real, who lead 1-0 already!,1
Alexander IsakNewcastle · Striker #14Newcastle are making a late change here as Barnes comes on in place of Isak.,0
Krunic picks up a late yellow card for a poor tackle on Anderson.,2
iroud catches Longstaff during an aerial challenge before reacting angrily when the referee gives Newcastle a free-kick. The Frenchman is booked for dissent.,2
It's slightly clumsy by Musah as he clips Guimaraes late, and the youngster goes into the referee's book.,2
Mike MaignanMilan · Goalkeeper #16Milan's final change is going to be a swap in goal. Maignan goes straight down the tunnel with the physio, and Sportiello comes on in his place to make his debut for the club.,0
Sandro TonaliNewcastle · Midfielder #8Newcastle are also making a change as Tonali goes off to a warm reception. Anderson comes on in his place.,0
Ruben Loftus-CheekMilan · Midfielder #8Loftus-Cheek goes down off the ball and it looks like he's struggling with a muscle injury. He receives treatment, and Pioli takes no chances as he replaces him with Musah.,0
Jacob MurphyNewcastle · Striker #23Newcastle are making a double change of their own now. Wilson comes on for Murphy.,0
Tommaso PobegaMilan · Midfielder #32Pobega is also taken off, with Reijnders on in his place.,0
Samuel ChukwuezeMilan · Striker #21Milan are making a double change here as they look to get the opener. Chukwueze is the first to go off, with Pulisic on for him.,0
char just catches Pobega during an aerial challenge. Although he got the ball, the defender gets a yellow card.,2
Davide CalabriaMilan · Defender #2Milan are making a change at the start of the second half. Calabria, who was booked in the first half, is replaced by Florenzi.,0
alabria can't believe that a throw-in has gone Newcastle's way and he angrily shouts that point at the referee. He's booked for dissent.,2
Asst: P. GroßWELBECK MAKES IT 3-1! Brighton will finish in the top half of the Premier League for the first time! Welbeck puts the icing on top of the cake for the hosts and wraps up the win with a superb header, firing the ball into the bottom left corner of the net following a Gross corner.,1
aupay takes a swing at Johnson deep down the right wing and it's dangerously close to the West Ham defender, so the Brighton man is booked.,2
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #8Fornals is another to come off and on comes Noble for his final appearance in a Hammers shirt.,0
Vladimír CoufalWest Ham · Defender #5Coufal is the third to depart and he is replaced by Johnson.,0
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10West Ham have responded to going behind by making a triple change, the first of which sees Lanzini replaced by Yarmolenko.,0
Asst: D. WelbeckBRIGHTON ARE AHEAD! Gross makes it 2-1 with a wonderful strike! The quick one-two touch football from Brighton is excellent in the final third, with Lamptey and Welbeck linking up well, before the latter fires it into the feet of Gross, who turns and smashes the ball into the top left corner of the net.,1
Moisés CaicedoBrighton · Midfielder #25Third and final Brighton substitution, with Caicedo the man heading off the pitch and Mwepu is his replacement.,0
Solly MarchBrighton · Midfielder #20Brighton have made their second change, with March coming off and on comes Lamptey.,0
Asst: S. MarchBRIGHTON HAVE EQUALISED! The hosts work it well down the left wing, eventually getting a cross into the box, which isn’t cleared by West Ham and March picks it up at the far post. March holds off his marker and flicks it out to Veltman, who drills a low shot towards goal and it sneaks underneath Fabianski and into the back of the net. The keeper should be better with that. It’s 1-1!,1
Yves BissoumaBrighton · Midfielder #8Brighton have made a change ahead of the second half, with Bissouma heading off and he has been replaced by Maupay.,0
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Soucek after he flies into Cucurella and catches the Brighton left-back late.,2
EST HAM TAKE THE LEAD! What a strike that is from Antonio to make it 1-0! Brighton feel that Dunk was fouled on the edge of the box by the striker, after the pair challenge for the ball in the air. Dunk doesn't reach it and it falls to Antonio, who smashes an effort towards goal and it flies into the top left corner of the net. Unstoppable!,1
Matthias ZimmermannDüsseldorf · Defender #25A last sub for Dusseldorf as Vermeij comes on for Zimmermann.,0
Granit XhakaLeverkusen · Midfielder #34Xhaka receives a standing ovation as his game ends and is replaced by Kossounou.,0
Emmanuel IyohaDüsseldorf · Defender #19Iyoha looks to have picked up an injury and is replaced by Jastrzembski,0
Álex GrimaldoLeverkusen · Midfielder #20Grimaldo is the next to get a bit of a rest as Hincapie comes on to replace him.,0
Patrik SchickLeverkusen · Striker #14Schick also makes way for Boniface, which excites the Leverkusen crowd. He was so good before his injury and gets a healthy amount of minutes to regain his fitness without too much pressure.,0
Florian WirtzLeverkusen · Striker #10Alonso has also taken the opportunity to rest some of his more important players. That includes Wirtz who comes off for Hofmann.,0
Amine AdliLeverkusen · Striker #21Leverkusen's first change of the game is like-for-like. Tella comes on fro Adli, who has been bright in the game and has been one of Leverkusen's best players in this cup run.,0
Marlon MustaphaDüsseldorf · Striker #36A handful of changes here from both sides. Dusseldorf have replaced Mustapha with Niemiec.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL! IT IS FOUR! It was as calm as you like from Wirtz. Kastenmeier went the right way, but Wirtz made sure he found the corner and beat him. He has two and Leverkusen have four.,1
Felix KlausDüsseldorf · Striker #11Dusseldorf really struggled in the first half so it isn't really a surprise that Thioune has made changes. Klaus has come off for Sobottka.,0
André HoffmannDüsseldorf · Defender #3Another change for Dusseldorf is Quarshie replacing Hoffman. Let's see if they make a difference.,0
zolis has barely touched the ball so far but has been given a yellow card for a poor tackle. It has been a bad day if you are a Dusseldorf attacker so far.,2
Asst: A. AdliGOAAAL! THE TIE IS OVER! Kastenmeier gives the ball away on the edge of the box, and Adli quickly finds Wirtz who takes a couple of touches to almost go around the keeper before firing in Leverkusen's third. Leverkusen have been rampant and are deservedly ahead with such a healthy lead.,1
Asst: F. WirtzGOAAAAL! 2-0! That was rapid! Wirtz runs through the centre of the pitch and finds Adli to his left. The young forward has space to run into and he drills the ball into the bottom corner to double the lead.,1
GOOOOOOOOAAL! Frimpong makes it 1-0 inside seven minutes! Xhaka fizzes a cross into Schick who misses it, but it works perfectly as Frimpong is waiting and hits a lethal strike past Kastenmeier. It flies past him and Leverkusen are 1-0 up, and Frimpong gets his 11th of the season.,1
Mignolet gets a yellow card after shouting at the referee. Going up to catch the ball, he is nudged off the pitch by Carrasco, conceding a corner. He was not happy about the decision.,2
RED CARD! Sowah's yellow card for kicking the ball away after a free-kick is given is his second of the game. Brugge will have to defend with 10 players for the rest of the match.,3
ondogbia gets a yellow card for a high sliding challenge on Buchanan. He should have no complaints about that one but does.,2
SaúlAtlético Madrid · Defender #17Substitution for Atletico. Níguez is replaced by Cunha who started their previous match. It's an attacking substitution with Griezmann still on the pitch.,0
Vanaken gets an early yellow card after elbowing Saul while looking to head the ball. The Atletico man does not jump for it, winning the free-kick.,2
Buchanan gets a yellow card after fouling Molina. The decision looks harsh, with the foul looking accidental. Simeone waves his pretend card.,2
Sadio ManéLiverpool · Striker #10Minamino replaces Mane for the closing stages of the game.,0
Thiago AlcântaraLiverpool · Midfielder #6Milner replaces Thiago in the middle of the park.,0
Jacob RamseyAston Villa · Striker #41Ramsey makes way for the visitors as Ings enters the final third against his former club. Gerrard needs a goal from the forward.,0
Ashley YoungAston Villa · Striker #18Buendia replaces Young in the final third for the visitors.,0
Penalty GoalGOAL!!!!!! SALAH FIRES HOME THE SPOT-KICK!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The Reds finally get their reward as Salah hammers home with his left foot. The forward fires low and hard towards the bottom-right corner, and although Martinez guesses the correct way, the power of the strike beats the Argentinian.,1
Alex Oxlade-ChamberlainLiverpool · Striker #15Jota replaces Oxlade-Chamberlain in the final third for the home side.,0
Marvelous NakambaAston Villa · Midfielder #19Sanson enters the game to replace Nakamba, who covered a lot of ground for the visitors.,0
Watkins slides in hard on Fabinho, catching the Brazilian from behind. The England man goes into the book.,2
Nakamba goes into the book for his challenge on Henderson. He has to be careful now.,2
an Dijk brings down Watkins with a clumsy challenge down the left flank on the edge of the box. He goes into the book and hands Villa a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
OALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FABINHO NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!! 4-1 LIVERPOOL!!!!! The Reds end the game with a flourish as Fabinho scores on the rebound. Tsimikas whips a dangerous free-kick into the box from the right flank that Fabinho attacks. His header is blocked by Pennington, but he pounces on the loose ball to hammer an effort on the half-volley past Marosi from a tight angle.,1
Tyler MortonLiverpool · Midfielder #80Norris enters the action to replace Morton for the closing seconds.,0
Andrew RobertsonLiverpool · Defender #26Robertson looked sore after being caught by Daniels. Tsimikas replaces him for the closing stages.,0
Luke LeahyShrewsbury · Midfielder #3Caton comes on the field for the final minute to replace Leahy.,0
Daniels catches Robertson on the back of the ankle and goes into the book just a minute after entering the action.,2
Elliott BennettShrewsbury · Midfielder #17Daniels replaces Bennett for the closing stages of the game for Shrewsbury.,0
Nathanael OgbetaShrewsbury · Midfielder #14Pierre enters the action to replace Ogbeta down the left flank for the visitors.,0
Daniel UdohShrewsbury · Striker #11Udoh is withdrawn by the visitors after a fine performance, including a goal. Janneh replaces the forward.,0
Ryan BowmanShrewsbury · Striker #12Bowman is withdrawn from the final third and is replaced by Bloxham.,0
Kaide GordonLiverpool · Striker #49Frauendorf comes on to the field and replaces the scorer of Liverpool's first goal, Gordon.,0
banks-Landell wipes out Minamino on the charge and goes into the book.,2
sst: I. KonatéGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! FIRMINO SCORES A SUBLIME BACKHEEL!!!!!!!!!! 3-1 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! The Brazil international surely sends the Reds through to the fourth round with a delightful backheel from six yards. Shrewsbury fail to clear their lines from Robertson's free-kick and it allows Fabinho to send Bradley down the right flank. He cuts the ball back for Konate to fire at goal. The defender scuffs his effort towards Firmino, who ensures it finds the back of the net with a great finish with the back of his right heel.,1
Elijah Dixon-BonnerLiverpool · Midfielder #45Dixon-Bonner is withdrawn from the action and is replaced by Firmino.,0
Max WoltmanLiverpool · Striker #82Minamino enters the action at the break for the home side to replace Woltman in the final third.,0
enalty GoalGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! FABINHO CONVERTS!!!!!!!! 2-1 LIVERPOOL!!!!!!! The Reds complete a first-half comeback as the Brazil international blasts a strike into the bottom-left corner. Fabinho sends Marosi the wrong way and has no issue finding the net to hand the Premier League side the lead.,1
Asst: C. BradleyGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GORDON RESPONDS FOR LIVERPOOL!!!!!!! 1-1!!!!!!!! Gordon produces a composed finish from close range to notch the equaliser. Bradley is played into space down the right flank and he delivers a precise cross for the forward. Gordon takes a good first touch and does not panic under pressure. He places a low strike on his left foot past Marosi into the bottom-left corner with precision. The teenager scores his first senior goal for the club.,1
Asst: N. OgbetaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! UDOH PUTS SHREWSBURY AHEAD!!!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!!! What a moment for Udoh as he smashes a strike past Kelleher from close range. Ogbeta causes havoc down the left flank once more and he sends another brilliant cross into the box. On this occasion, Udoh is there and he makes no mistake hammering an effort into the top-left corner. The Shrews are in dreamland at Anfield.,1
ormer Everton defender Pennington goes into the book for pulling back Jones on the charge.,2
Asst: G. EscalanteGOAL! OKEREKE! 3-1. Cremonese get a consolation goal. Okereke controls a loose pass on the edge of the box, before bending a superb strike into the far corner! Handanovic didn't move!,1
Emanuel AiwuCremonese · Defender #4Aiwu is taken off and Castagnetti will take his spot in defence.,0
Matteo DarmianInter · Midfielder #36Gosens also comes on with Darmian heading off.,0
Denzel DumfriesInter · Midfielder #2Dumfries heads off with Bellanova coming on.,0
Asst: N. BarellaGOAL! MARTINEZ! 3-0. Inter wrap up the game. Barella skips away on the break following a Cremonese corner and releases Martinez through on goal. The striker holds off Aiwu brilliantly before entering the box and drilling a precise finish into the far corner past a motionless Radu!,1
Marcelo BrozovićInter · Midfielder #77Brozovic heads off with Asllani taking his place in midfield.,0
Federico DimarcoInter · Defender #32Dimarco also walks off to be replaced by D'Ambrosio.,0
Luka LochoshviliCremonese · Defender #44Lochoshvili heads off with Vasquez coming on.,0
Cyriel DessersCremonese · Striker #90Cremonese make three changes: the first sees Dessers head off for Di Carmine.,0
iwu is shown a yellow card after a heavy challenge on Calhanoglu near the touchline.,2
Joaquin CorreaInter · Striker #11Correa is replaced by Martinez after a strong display in attack, punctuated by that early goal.,0
Dessers is booked after a heavy aerial collision with Dzeko. It was one too many fouls from the attacker and the referee shows him a yellow card.,2
Santiago AscacibarCremonese · Midfielder #8Ascacibar makes way for Zanimacchia during the interval.,0
Asst: H. ÇalhanoğluGOALL! BARELLA! 2-0. A stunning strike doubles Inter's lead. The hosts sweep forward with an intricate move that ends with Calhanoglu receiving a pass deep inside the box. The midfielder takes his time before picking out Barella with a clipped pass, and Barella promptly lashes a fierce, 20-yard volley across Radu and into the top corner!,1
GOALLL! CORREA! 1-0. Inter take a deserved early lead. Cremonese hit a corner straight to Dimarco and the hosts break. Barella leads the charge up to the edge of the box, before sliding an accurate pass into Dzeko. The striker hits a low effort towards the corner and Radu can only tip it straight back out! Correa pounces on the loose ball and rolls it into an empty net!,1
Harvey ElliottLiverpool · Striker #67A final change for Liverpool. Elliott walks off to a round of applause, with Dixon-Bonner on for the last few seconds.,0
Leighton ClarksonLiverpool · Midfielder #84Here comes another change for Liverpool as Clarkson comes off for Boyes.,0
Liam MillarLiverpool · Striker #49Liverpool also decide to make a change as Millar comes off for Hardy.,0
Shaun WhalleyShrewsbury · Striker #7Ricketts rolls the dice with a change as Whalley comes off for Walker.,0
Sean GossShrewsbury · Midfielder #22Here we go! Cummings is coming on, with Goss the one to make way.,0
Love won't love to see this - he's been shown a yellow card for fouling Lewis.,2
Callum LangShrewsbury · Striker #9First change for Shrewsbury as Lang comes off and Udoh comes on.,0
Williams goes into the book. He takes a shot, it's blocked and he lunges out for the rebound, but catches Pierre and not the ball.,2
he first booking of the game goes to Golbourne. He misses the ball and catches Williams late. It's a high tackle that catches him on the hip, so VAR will have a look.,2
Rubén Sanchidrián BarragánLinares Deportivo · Midfielder #11Sanchidrian has had an impressive game for the hosts, and comes off for David Luna.,0
Jon EtxanizLinares Deportivo · Striker #9Etxaniz is subbed back off after an injury, and Luis Castillo comes on in his place.,0
Frenkie de JongBarcelona · Midfielder #21De Jong is substituted just 29 minutes since coming on, and Alvaro Sanz replaces him.,0
Antonio Luis Díaz SánchezLinares Deportivo · Striker #7Linares' opening goalscorer Diaz is withdrawn, and fellow striker Jon Etxaniz will come on for him.,0
Asst: N. GonzálezGOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!! Barca have turned it around!!! The Blaugrana counter and Jutgla cuts inside before racing into the box. He creates shooting space, and curls an effort beyond the reach of Razak to make it 2-1 to the away side!,1
sst: Ó. MinguezaGOOOAAAALLLL!!!! It's the curse of the commentator as Barca equalise! Dembele beats a challenge and shoots from the edge of the box, and his low curling effort beats Razak to make it 1-1! Game on!,1
De Jong slides into Razak as he chases a long ball and is penalised, receiving quite a soft yellow card in the process.,2
Guerrero was having some stern words with the referee after that foul, and is also given a yellow for dissent.,2
Alejandro Meléndez RuizLinares Deportivo · Midfielder #20Melendez is also withdrawn for the hosts, and Cristian Carracedo comes on for him.,0
Fran CarnicerLinares Deportivo · Midfielder #10Carnicer comes off in Linares' first change, and Miguel Marin enters the action.,0
Ilias AkhomachBarcelona · Striker #37Ilias comes off at half-time, and Ousmane Dembele will start the second half.,0
Ronald AraújoBarcelona · Defender #4Araujo is the third Barca player to be withdrawn at half-time, and Gerard Pique comes on for him.,0
Riqui PuigBarcelona · Midfielder #6Xavi also brings off Puig, with Frenkie de Jong coming on for him.,0
sst: F. CarnicerGOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! WOW!!!! Linares have the opener!!! Carnicer has it on the right, and places a fantastic cross right into the six-yard box. Diaz beats his man to connect with the ball, and diverts a brilliant low header into the bottom corner to make it 1-0! An upset of epic proportions is on the cards here!,1
Asst: H. SonJOHNSON WINS IT FOR SPURS! Spurs have snatched a win! It's a lovely team move down the left for Spurs as Maddison slides it through to Richarlison, who picks out Son's overlap. He gets his head up to spot Johnson making a late, unmarked run to the far post, and he meets it first time, firing it into the roof of the net. 2-1 Spurs!,1
Billy GilmourBrighton · Midfielder #11Gilmour is the other player making way, with Baker-Boaitey replacing him.,0
Tariq LampteyBrighton · Defender #2There's going to be at least another six minutes added on here, and Brighton are making a double change. Lamptey is going straight off after getting seen by the physio, and Baleba is on for him.,0
t was a footrace between Richarlison and Dunk, and the Brazilian won. Dunk slides in late to catch him on the ankle, and the referee goes straight to his pocket for a yellow card.,2
Danny WelbeckBrighton · Striker #18Brighton are making a double change of their own now. Welbeck, who hasn't been as involved in the second half, goes off for Ferguson.,0
Destiny UdogieTottenham · Defender #38And Udogie is also making his way off, with Hojbjerg replacing him.,0
Pape Matar SarrTottenham · Midfielder #29Spurs' final change is a double one. The goalscorer, Sarr, is taken off, with Davies on in his place.,0
Estupinan walks off with the ball after being flagged offside, and the referee books him for time-wasting.,2
The ball is long gone by the time Buonanotte steps across Maddison awkwardly from behind. He's the first Brighton name into the book.,2
Dejan KulusevskiTottenham · Midfielder #21And Bissouma comes on to face his former club as he comes on for Kulusevski.,0
Timo WernerTottenham · Midfielder #16Lamptey will be pleased to see the back of Werner, who has given him a tough time in this game. He's replaced by Johnson.,0
Rodrigo BentancurTottenham · Midfielder #30Postecoglou was ready to make this change before the goal and is now introducing three new players. Son gets the captain's armband from Romero as he comes on to a warm reception in place of Bentancur.,0
Sarr jumped over the advertising boards to celebrate with the crowd, and he's booked for what is deemed an excessive celebration.,2
SARR EQUALISES! It's been coming from Spurs, and they've finally managed to get their goal! It's a wonderful throughball from Kulusevski to cut Brighton wide open, and Sarr latches onto it. His first shot is blocked by Dunk, but it rebounds off the post and straight back to the midfielder, who makes no mistake as he lifts it in from a tight angle. 1-1!,1
Adam LallanaBrighton · Midfielder #14Brighton are making the first change of the game here, and it's a positive one. Another attacker in Fati is coming on in place of Lallana.,0
Maddison tried to pull out of a tackle on Lamptey when he realised he wasn't getting the ball, but he still managed to trip the right-back. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2
Penalty GoalGROSS SCORES! It's as cool as you like from the German! He takes a very short run-up to the spot, planting himself so he can get the power behind it as he fires it down the right of the goal. Vicario dives the wrong way, and it's 1-0 Brighton!,1
Romelu LukakuInter · Striker #9Lukaku is replaced by Valero after what will surely prove to be a match-winning display.   ,0
Fabián RuizNapoli · Midfielder #8Fabian is replaced by Llorente as Napoli throw another striker on to chase the game.  ,0
Skriniar joins his fellow Inter players in the book after bringing Mario Rui down off the ball as Napoli looked to build once more.   ,2
Sensi is shown a yellow card for a late challenge on Zielinski near the halfway line.   ,2
Elseid HysajNapoli · Defender #23Hysaj is replaced by Lozano as Napoli add to their attacking threat down the right.  ,0
Matías VecinoInter · Midfielder #8Vecino is replaced by Sensi as Inter look to cement their lead.   ,0
Esposito - who was sat on the Inter bench - is also shown a yellow card for his part in the argument.,2
INTER RESTORE THEIR TWO GOAL ADVANTAGE! 3-1! The away side have been quiet in this second period, but they strike suddenly through Martinez! Candreva leads a counter-attack down the right flank before whipping in a cross that Manolas clumsily fails to clear, allowing Martinez to pounce on a loose ball and fire a simple finish beyond a helpless Meret from close range!,1
Barella quickly earns himself a booking by sliding dangerously through the back of Allan. ,2
Roberto GagliardiniInter · Midfielder #5Gagliardini makes way with Barella replacing him in Inter's midfield three. ,0
Asst: J. CallejónNAPOLI HALVE THE DEFICIT! Insigne whips in a devious cross that Bastoni can only head back to the attacker, allowing him to swing in another delivery that finds Callejon at the back post, where he nods it across goal for an unmarked Milik to tap into an empty net! 2-1 to Inter!,1
sst: M. BrozovićINTER GET A SECOND! 2-0! It's Lukaku again! the rampant striker intelligently carves out space once more on the counter-attack and he runs at Manolas before rifling a powerful effort from 20 yards that Meret spills helplessly into the net!,1
Candreva is booked for tripping Zielinski as Napoli attempted to counter-attack. ,2
NTER TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Di Lorenzo slips horribly in midfield allowing a loose ball to roll towards Lukaku, who picks up possession before driving at a Napoli defence that simply backs off until the striker lashes a shot low into the bottom corner from 18 yards!,1
Alex IwobiArsenal · Midfielder #17It's Iwobi who's going to be replaced. Aubameyang comes on in his stead on Arsenal's left wing.,0
Michael ObafemiSouthampton #61Obafemi's 20-minute cameo is over. Elyounoussi replaces him - that's Southampton's final change.,0
Aaron RamseyArsenal · Midfielder #8There it is - Ramsey walks off to a decent reception from the Arsenal fans. Ozil replaces him behind Lacazette.,0
Stephan LichtsteinerArsenal · Defender #12There's that change then - Lichtsteiner is replaced in Arsenal's back-line by Koscielny.,0
Stuart ArmstrongSouthampton · Midfielder #17Second, Armstrong off. Obafemi on. It looks like Southampton have changed to a back four.,0
Jack StephensSouthampton · Defender #5Hasenhuttl's wasted no time, making two changes for Southampton. First, Stephens off. Austin on.,0
GOAL!!! Toulouse are back in front!!! A long ball is sent over the Annecy defence, and Temanfo tries to nod it back to his goalkeeper. It is woefully undercooked though, and Chaibi takes full advantage by delicately dinking over Callens and into the net. What an error from the Annecy defender, and the visitors look like they are on their way to the final as they now lead 2-1!,1
Rafael RatãoToulouse · Midfielder #21Ratao makes way for Chaibi in the visitors' first change.,0
Jonathan GonçalvesAnnecy · Defender #8Goncalves does indeed make way, with Falconnier on in his place.,0
Bosetti is booked for taking his shirt off during the celebrations for his equaliser.,2
Penalty GoalGOAL!!! Annecy are level!!! Bosetti, the man who won the penalty, is trusted to take it as well. He steps up and sends Haug the wrong way, confidently blasts into the bottom left corner to make it 1-1!,1
sst: B. van den BoomenGOAL!!! Toulouse take the lead!!! Van den Boomen has the ball on the right wing, and he does well to make space for a cross. His pinpoint delivery finds Aboukhlal in the middle, who flicks his header past Callens and into the back of the net to put the visitors 1-0 up!,1
emanfo is the first player of the contest to be booked, receiving a yellow card for a late challenge on Ratao.,2
sst: VitinhaGOAL! PEDRO NETO GETS HIS GOAL AND WINS IT FOR WOLVES! 2-1! He may have not won that penalty but the striker has surely snatched three points for the hosts! Sheer elation for the hosts, as the Portuguese drills a rocket of a finish home past Mendy on the counter!,1
Semedo picks up a booking now. We're into the last-chance saloon, surely, for both teams.,2
Daniel PodenceWolves · Midfielder #10It's been an excellent game for Podence but he is the last Wolves man to be replaced, by Vitinha now.,0
eto looks to have been fired up by that call and he races down the right flank again. Kante has to cut him down as almost the last man and gets booked for his troubles.,2
A Wolves throw-in deep in Blues territory sees Podence end up with a yellow card after Chilwell holds onto it on the touchline and the striker bats it out his grasp impatiently.,2
Olivier GiroudChelsea · Striker #18Goalscorer Giroud is also replaced by the Blues, with Tammy Abraham the newest arrival.,0
Kai HavertzChelsea · Midfielder #29It will be a double change from Chelsea now, with Havertz replaced by Mateo Kovacic.,0
Asst: O. OtasowieGOAL! DANIEL PODENCE LEVELS IT FOR WOLVES! 1-1! What a shot that is from the striker! Thiago Silva heads the delivery back out where Otasowie meets it. He plays his forward in, who dummies James and fires a blinder past Mendy at the near-left post! Game on!,1
Fábio SilvaWolves · Striker #17With the game there to be chased, Wolves make their second swap and bring on Adama Traore - notably greased up on his arms and legs - in place of Fabio Silva.,0
Otasowie gets away from Mount twice and the England man ensures he won't a third time by scything him down. He gets the first booking of the game for that.,2
Asst: B. ChilwellGOAL! OLIVIER GIROUD HANDS CHELSEA THE LEAD! 1-0! The Blues have the breakthrough as the Frenchman volleys a square pass in at the left post. Patricio bounces it straight back out but the ball was well over the line - that's assuredly first blood to the visitors!,1
Leander DendonckerWolves · Midfielder #32A half-time change for the hosts here, and it's a big one; Dendoncker is off and 19-year-old Owen Otasowie is on for his Premier League debut.,0
Marcus TavernierBournemouth · Midfielder #16After an excellent performance, Tavernier is applauded off the pitch by the home fans. Ouattara is sent on to win it for the Cherries.,0
Asst: M. DiabyVILLA LEVEL IT! Arriving at the near post, Watkins beats his marker to head in Aston Villa's second equaliser: it's 2-2! Diaby's inswinging cross from the right picks the England striker out near the penalty spot, and he arches his neck to power home an unstoppable finish! With stoppage time looming, Unai Emery's men are back in it!,1
A flare-up of tempers sees Duran booked for a coming-together with Kerkez, who is making his way to the Bournemouth bench.,2
erkez departs with a yellow card to his name, after becoming embroiled in a needless spat with Duran.,2
Milos KerkezBournemouth · Defender #3Suffering cramp, Kerkez - who set up his side's second goal - is withdrawn; Mepham jogs on to replace him.,0
Leon BaileyAston Villa · Midfielder #31Diaby is also sent on; Villa goalscorer Bailey makes way.,0
Ezri KonsaAston Villa · Defender #4Finally, Cash replaces Konsa on the right flank, adding a more attacking edge down that side.,0
Lucas DigneAston Villa · Defender #12Unai Emery now plays all his remaining cards, making a triple substitution. First, Moreno comes on for Digne at left-back.,0
Antoine SemenyoBournemouth · Midfielder #24Sinisterrra is sent on too, as opening goalscorer Semenyo makes way.,0
Justin KluivertBournemouth · Midfielder #19Bournemouth make two changes: first, Kluivert is replaced by Billing.,0
John McGinnAston Villa · Midfielder #7After handing the captain's armband to Martinez, McGinn sprints off to the touchline, as Unai Emery sends on Duran to join Watkins up front.,0
A foul on Digne, who has his heels clipped as he tries to drive into space, sees Christie booked by the referee. That's already the sixth yellow card of the game.,2
sst: M. KerkezBOURNEMOUTH BACK IN FRONT! Picking up a low cross by Kerkez from the left, Solanke turns just inside the box, then coolly beats Martinez with a clinical finish! It's 2-1 to the Cherries, who are full of confidence now - can Villa respond again?,1
Nicolò ZanioloAston Villa · Striker #22After an underwhelming first half display, Zaniolo has been withdrawn. Recently returned from a long injury layoff, Ramsey comes on.,0
The referee dishes out another yellow card for dissent: this time, Senesi is booked for making his thoughts known to the officials.,2
Too eager to retrieve the ball deep in Bournemouth territory, Zaniolo needlessly hauls back Smith and earns himself a booking.,2
For felling Kluivert with a late tackle from behind, Pau Torres becomes the first Aston Villa player booked today.,2
Asst: O. WatkinsVILLA EQUALISE! With his seventh goal of the season, Bailey hauls the Villans level! A superb solo effort sees the Jamaican winger receive a pass from Watkins, jink inside from the right, beat two defenders for pace, and then fire an unerring low shot into the bottom corner! It's 1-1 at the Vitality Stadium!,1
Due to dissent towards the referee, after Kerkez is penalised for a foul on Bailey, goalscorer Semenyo goes into the book.,2
After initially failing to bring down his opponent with a more subtle attempt, Kluivert then clambers all over Tielemans in midfield and is shown a yellow card.,2
Asst: R. ChristieBOURNEMOUTH LEAD! Semenyo strikes!! Having driven in from the left but then given the ball away with a stray pass, Semenyo is fortunate to receive it back almost instantly, after Diego Carlos concedes possession on the edge of Villa's area. The Bournemouth winger then strides into the box and slots calmly past Martinez and into the bottom-left corner: 1-0 to the Cherries!,1
Laimer is the latest player to receive a caution after he prevented Mainz from taking a quick free-kick.,2
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #11Coman leaves the pitch as Muller is given a chance from the bench.,0
Stefan BellMainz · Defender #16Svensson rolls the dice again, bringing on Onisiwo in place of Bell.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Choupo-Moting is the latest player Tuchel has called upon and he comes on in place of Musiala.,0
Leroy SanéBayern · Midfielder #10Sane's game is over as Tuchel makes another change, with Tel entering the fray.,0
Dominik KohrMainz · Midfielder #31Richter is given a chance off the bench, replacing Kohr in the Mainz midfield.,0
Edimilson FernandesMainz · Defender #20Fernandes is replaced by Krauss as Svensson looks to get his side back into the game.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Goretzka has been substituted after his earlier injury and he heads straight down the tunnel. Sarr enters the pitch in his place.,0
Bell brings down Musiala in the middle of the pitch and the referee brandishes a yellow card.,2
Anthony CaciMainz · Midfielder #19After his goal in the first half, Caci is now replaced by Leitsch.,0
Lee Jae-sungMainz · Midfielder #7Barkok enters the fray in place of Lee as Mainz look to get back into the game.,0
sst: J. MusialaGOOOAAAALLL!!! 3-1 BAYERN!!! Caci wins the ball back for Mainz and looks to dribble himself out of trouble, but he’s dispossessed on the edge of his own box. The ball falls to Musiala, who lays it into the path of Goretzka, and the midfielder drills a superb strike into the bottom corner and beyond Zentner. Bayern show their clinical edge!,1
Kohr hacks down Musiala who was looking to drive through the Mainz midfield, and the referee awards a foul and issues a yellow.,2
Ajorque was adjudged to have fouled Kane deep inside the Mainz half. He may have escaped a yellow if he hadn't then kicked the ball away in frustration.,2
Asst: B. GrudaGOOOOAAAALLLL!!! 2-1!! Mainz pull one back!! Gruda uses his trickery to dance past the Bayern defenders and cut inside into space just outside the box. The young winger lays the ball to Caci on the left, just inside the penalty area, and he unleashes a thunderous strike into the top corner. Ulreich had no chance, what a finish!,1
e Ligt goes into the book for a reckless challenge when Mainz looked like they could be through on goal.,2
sst: L. GoretzkaGOOOALLLLL!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!! After a well-worked free-kick, Musiala finds himself in space in midfield and picks the ball up before delivering it to the back post. It finds Goretzka, who nods the ball back across goal, and Kane is there to guide it into the back of the net with his head. Mainz have a mountain to climb now!,1
Asst: L. SanéGOOOOALLLLL!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!! Tuchel's side use their deadly pace on the counter-attack with Sane driving through the middle of the pitch. The Germany international evades several challenges before spreading it out wide. Coman then picks the ball up inside the box and fires it beyond the keeper. It's a superb start for Bayern!,1
Adam MasinaWatford · Midfielder #11Masina comes off for Sema as Gracia throws another body forward in desperation, sacrificing a left-back. ,0
Hughes is booked for a clumsy challenge on Monreal on the touchline. He's made a few mistimed challenges and the referee feels it's time he saw a yellow card.,2
Aaron RamseyArsenal · Midfielder #8Emery reacts to his side's defensive vulnerability and brings on Maitland-Niles for Ramsey, reverting to a back four. ,0
Kiko FemeníaWatford · Midfielder #21Femenía is replaced by Success for Watford as Gracia looks to provide Gray with some more support up front. ,0
Konstantinos MavropanosArsenal · Defender #27Mavropanos comes off for Guendouzi in another bold change by Emery. The remaining three defenders tuck into a back three, with Mkhitaryan and Iwobi tasked with providing the width and tracking back on the flanks.,0
Capoue catches Mkhitaryan with a high boot and it's a poor challenge. The midfielder is rightly booked.,2
Lucas TorreiraArsenal · Midfielder #11A very bold change by Emery as Torreira is replaced by Ozil, with Ramsey dropping in alongside Xhaka.,0
ED CARD! Deeney has been sent off! Torreira is on the ball and Deeney tries to tussle with him for possession, but the striker catches the Gunners' midfielder in the face with an elbow and is shown a straight red card! Watford are down to 10! ,3
GOAL!! IT'S 1-0 TO ARSENAL! It's an absolute howler from Foster! He receives a back-pass and turns to his left. Aubameyang chases him down and gets a foot in front of the goalkeeper's attempted clearance, diverting it back into an empty net! What a bizarre goal! ,1
ias wipes out Lukaku in the middle of the park. He goes into the book and Chelsea have one last chance to launch a cross into the box.,2
Jack GrealishMan City · Striker #10Sterling comes on for the closing stages of the game to replace Grealish.,0
Phil FodenMan City · Striker #47Fernandinho enters the action to shore up the City midfield. Foden makes way for the visitors.,0
udiger brings down Mahrez on the charge and goes into the book.,2
Kevin De BruyneMan City · Midfielder #17De Bruyne is withdrawn for the closing stages and is replaced by Mahrez.,0
hristensen holds De Bruyne as the Belgian tries to advance past the defender. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2
lonso goes into the book for a challenge on Silva on the edge of the City box as he attempts to gain possession.,2
JorginhoChelsea · Midfielder #5Loftus-Cheek makes a rare appearance in the Premier League for the Blues. Jorginho is withdrawn by Tuchel for the closing 14 minutes.,0
Laporte brings down Lukaku on the edge of the box after being turned by the forward. The defender goes into the book and Chelsea have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
N'Golo KantéChelsea · Midfielder #7Havertz enters the action in the final third to replace Kante. Tuchel has rightly upped the ante for the Blues.,0
sst: J. CanceloGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! JESUS PUTS CITY AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! The visitors take a deserved lead as Jesus finds the bottom-left corner with a low strike. City work the ball short from a corner before Cancelo collects 30 yards from goal. He launches a strike towards the target on his left foot that deflects into the path of Jesus. He twists and turns before firing at goal on his right foot. Jesus' effort takes a slight deflection, and it proves to be enough to wrong foot Mendy to find the back of the net.,1
Reece JamesChelsea · Midfielder #24James has to leave the field with an ankle injury and is replaced by Silva, who will slot into the back three. Azpilicueta will move out to the right flank.,0
Edinson CavaniPSG · Striker #9Choupo-Moting comes in for Cavani who is denied the chance to secure a hat-trick. ,0
Dani AlvesPSG · Midfielder #13Meunier comes onto the pitch for the final nine minutes as Alves has earned an early rest.,0
unou looks to be clear through on goal following a PSG giveaway in midfield and the captain is forced to break up the attack with a lunging tackle that earns him a yellow. ,2
Ismaïla SarrRennes · Midfielder #7It's damage limitation time for Rennes who throw Lea Siliki on for Sarr. ,0
Juan BernatPSG · Defender #14Bernat is replaced by Kurzawa as Tuchel feels he can rest some of his players following PSG's flurry of goals.,0
M'Baye NiangRennes · Striker #11Rennes make their first change as Niang is replaced by Hunou.,0
sst: K. MbappePSG ARE IN FULL CONTROL NOW! 4-1! The Rennes defence is out of sorts following an attack and a lovely Draxler pass gets both Mbappe and Cavani through on goal in an onside position. The France international bears down on goal, forcing the goalkeeper to change his positioning but his pass to Cavani essentially gives the number nine an open goal to shoot at - which he hits with accuracy!  ,1
sst: J. DraxlerMBAPPE’S FIRST OF THE NIGHT IS HIS 18TH IN THE LEAGUE! 3-1! Koubek passes it out from a goal-kick to Grenier who turns and realizes he has no options to pass to before losing possession to Draxler. From there, the midfielder looks up and slips a pass to Mbappe who blasts it into the bottom corner! It’s sloppy from Rennes and it has cost them!,1
Traore goes in for a heavy sliding challenge and fails to get any of the ball. He’s shown the game’s second yellow card. ,2
Asst: T. SilvaDI MARIA’S LITTLE CHIP MAKES IT 2-1 PSG! The hosts regain the lead through the Argentina international after a fantastic first-time pass played from Silva in defence eludes the entire Rennes defence and allows Di Maria to burst into the penalty area onside and unmarked. With typical class, the winger waits for the goalkeeper to make a move before chipping it over the diving Koubek and into the back of the net!,1
Niang dives in extremely late with an uncontrolled tackle and quite clearly puts his studs into the ankle of Kehrer. The striker is shown a yellow card for the moment, but VAR is being put to use as this could potentially be a challenge worthy of a red!   ,2
Asst: H. TraoreNIANG EVENS IT UP WITH A BACKHEEL! 1-1! Bourigeaud slips a wonderful ball through the gap between Bernat and Kimpembe for Traore who puts a low cross into the penalty area for Niang.  Closely marked by Silva and inside the six-yard box, the striker manages to beat Buffon with an incredible backheel touch! The visitors are back on level ground!  ,1
sst: A. Di MaríaCAVANI OPENS THE SCORING IN UNDER 10 MINUTES! 1-0! Kimpembe plays a spectacular defence-cutting pass through the heart of Rennes for Di Maria on the left. The Argentina international has a moment to control it and look up, before putting a wonderful cross into the area for Cavani to attack! Clinical with his head – the PSG number nine makes no mistake from close range and puts the hosts a goal ahead!,1
GOOOAAALLL! The hosts double their lead late on, it's 2-0! Caprari with a superb free-kick, sending the ball straight into the top corner and into the back of the net. Pinsoglio was rooted to the spot, he had no chance of saving that.,1
Asst: M. GabbiadiniGOOOAAAALLL! Sampdoria finally manage to break the deadlock, they lead 1-0! Defrel links up well with Gabbiadini and Defrel then shows great feet to beat his marker and slot the ball into the bottom corner, with a slight deflection taking it out of the reach of Pinsoglio and into the back of the net.,1
Fabio QuagliarellaSampdoria · Striker #27Sampdoria now make their final substitution of the game, with Quagliarella heading off the pitch to a standing ovation and he has been replaced by Gabbiadini.,0
Matheus PereiraJuventus · Midfielder #35Juventus make their third and final substitution now, with Pereira replaced by Caviglia.,0
Édgar BarretoSampdoria · Midfielder #8Another Sampdoria substitution now, with Barreto the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Vieira.,0
Giorgio ChielliniJuventus · Defender #3Juventus have made another substitution, with Chiellini coming off and he has passed the captains armband to Dybala, with Bonucci coming on as his replacement.,0
Emre CanJuventus · Midfielder #23Juventus have been forced into making a change, with Can unable to run off the injury and he has been replaced by Portanova.,0
Gastón RamírezSampdoria · Midfielder #11Sampdoria make their first substitution of the game, with Ramirez coming off and he has been replaced by Caprari.,0
Rugani is the first player to be booked today, after his late challenge on Defrel.,2
ENRAHMA! 1-1! West Ham hit back immediately! White heads Coufal's cross out towards the edge of the area, where Benrahma has plenty of time to take a touch, before bending a brilliant strike beyond Sanchez and into the top corner!   ,1
Asst: P. TauWELBECK! 1-0! Brighton take the lead late on! Tau slaloms forward into a pocket of space, before threading a perfect throughball towards Welbeck who delicately dinks it over the onrushing Fabianski and in!,1
Leandro TrossardBrighton · Striker #11Trossard makes way for Zeqiri in attack.,0
Alireza JahanbakhshBrighton · Striker #16Brighton make their second change. Jahanbakhsh is replaced in attack by Tau.,0
Steven AlzateBrighton · Midfielder #17An attacking change for Brighton - Lallana replaces Alzate in midfield.    ,0
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20West Ham make their first change. Bowen makes way for Benrahma in attack.   ,0
issouma is shown a yellow card after another heavy challenge on Lingard.,2
Maximiliano Gómez GonzálezCelta Vigo · Striker #9It looks like Escriba doesn't want to risk keeping Gomez on, so he replaces the striker with Beltran. ,0
Penalty GoalASPAS SCORES FROM THE SPOT! His run-up to the spot was calm and he sent Cillessen the wrong way as he struck his penalty into the left side of the net. 2-0 Celta!,1
Ryad BoudebouzCelta Vigo · Midfielder #24Second change for Celta now as Boudebouz goes off and is replaced by Jozabed.,0
Vidal is shown a yellow card after catching Yokuslu with a bad foul. ,2
Boateng is shown a yellow card after he kicked the ball away in frustration. ,2
Sofiane BoufalCelta Vigo · Midfielder #19First change of the game for the home side now as Boufal comes off to be replaced by Mendez. ,0
Jean-Clair TodiboBarcelona · Defender #6Barcelona are able to make their change after the goal. Todibo went straight down the tunnel when he left the field with the medical team and Murillo is now on in his place. ,0
sst: R. BoudebouzGOMEZ PUTS CELTA AHEAD! The cross from Boudebouz was put into a great area of the box and Gomez got ahead of Vidal to reach it first. He took it first time, on the stretch and beat Cillessen to nestle his shot into the bottom corner. 1-0 Celta!,1
Arthur MeloBarcelona · Midfielder #8Vidal is coming on for Barcelona's second change of the game in place of Arthur. ,0
Vermaelen is shown the first yellow card of the game after a heavy tackle on Boudebouz. ,2
Ousmane DembéléBarcelona · Striker #11Dembele went straight off the field with the medical staff and Collado is now on in his place. ,0
Arthur MasuakuWest Ham · Defender #26Left-back Masuaku is also off for a winger in Anderson as Moyes searches for a late equaliser.,0
Bukayo SakaArsenal · Midfielder #7Arteta also makes a change, with Saka replaced by David Luiz. The substitute goes into the back three, with Kolasinac moving into the left wing-back role.,0
Pablo FornalsWest Ham · Midfielder #18Moyes makes an attacking change in response to going behind, with Fornals leaving the field for an extra striker in Haller.,0
Asst: D. CeballosGOAL!!! ARSENAL ARE BACK IN FRONT!!! Saka plays a clever ball into the box for Ceballos, who squares past the onrushing Fabianski for Nketiah to tuck the ball into an empty net! It's 2-1 to Arsenal!,1
Jarrod BowenWest Ham · Midfielder #20Moyes makes his first alteration of the night as Bowen goes off for Yarmolenko on the right wing.,0
Alexandre LacazetteArsenal · Striker #9Arteta makes his second change of the night, replacing Lacazette with Nketiah up front as he searches for a winning goal.,0
WillianArsenal · Striker #12Arteta makes his first change of the night as he seeks to inject some fresh legs and up the tempo of Arsenal's play. Willian is brought off, with Pepe replacing him on the right wing.,0
Asst: R. FredericksGOAL!! ANTONIO EQUALISES FOR WEST HAM!! Bowen is fed down the right and he plays the ball forward for the overlapping Fredericks. The right-back fizzes a low ball across the face of goal and Antonio gets ahead of Holding to scramble home! It's 1-1!,1
The referee goes back at the next break in play and shows Fredericks a yellow card for his challenge on Saka.,2
sst: P. AubameyangGOAL!!! LACAZETTE HEADS THE GUNNERS IN FRONT!! Saka plays the ball through for Aubameyang down the left and he races away before clipping a lovely cross into the middle that Lacazette heads emphatically home! It's 1-0 to Arsenal!,1
Due to a blatant case of time-wasting, during the second minute of at least four added for stoppages, Foderingham is booked.,2
Picking up his fifth yellow card of the season - which will result in a suspension - Robinson clearly hauls back Norgaard in midfield.,2
Perceived to be time-wasting by the referee, Bogle finds himself booked - much to the vocal disgust of the home fans!,2
James McAteeSheffield United · Midfielder #28Potentially today's match-winner, McAtee makes his way off, as young Peck is handed an opportunity to impress.,0
Andre BrooksSheffield United · Midfielder #35Brooks is now withdrawn by Wilder, with Lowe sent on to provide fresh legs in the Sheffield United defence.,0
Keane Lewis-PotterBrentford · Striker #23Olakigbe also comes on, with Lewis-Potter making way.,0
Shandon BaptisteBrentford · Midfielder #26Frank is clearly dissatisfied with his team's performance, making two more changes. First, Baptiste is replaced by Damsgaard.,0
William OsulaSheffield United · Striker #32It's been a frustrating day for Osula, who has had very little service and is now replaced by Ben Slimane up front, shortly after being yellow-carded.,0
Now booked for a raised boot on Pinnock in midfield, Osula's miserable game continues - he's barely touched the ball so far.,2
Frank OnyekaBrentford · Midfielder #15Having narrowly escaped a red card before the break, Onyeka has been withdrawn. Young prospect Yarmoliuk is sent on to replace him in Brentford's midfield.,0
Asst: G. HamerTHE BLADES STRIKE FIRST! Pinnock makes a hash of clearing the ball from the edge of Brentford's area, and Sheffield United take full advantage. Hamer coolly picks out McAtee on the right side of the box, before the Manchester City loanee curls a brilliant finish into the top-left corner! Flekken had no chance: 1-0 to Sheffield United!,1
Leaving his opponent writhing in agony on the soaking wet turf, Onyeka is shown a yellow card for a studs-up challenge on Vinicius.,2
rusty's name is taken by the referee, after a late sliding challenge upends Lewis-Potter near the left touchline.,2
Sargis AdamyanHoffenheim · Striker #23Adamyan is withdrawn after his brace and Bicakcic replaces the two-goal hero for the visitors.,0
Asst: R. SkovGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! ADAMYAN DOES IT AGAIN!!!! 2-1!!!! Hoffenheim regain the lead as the forward scores his second of the game. Skov slides a pass to Adamyan on the edge of the box and he takes a touch to roll Sule. Adamyan fires towards the bottom-right corner and his strike beats the hand of Neuer to find the net.,1
sst: T. MüllerGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LEWANDOWSKI HEADS HOME!!! 1-1!!! Bayern have the equaliser as the Pole converts from six yards. Muller sends a teasing cross to the back left post and Lewandowski gets behind Hubner to guide his effort beyond Baumann into the right bottom corner. ,1
Florian GrillitschHoffenheim · Midfielder #11Nordtveit comes on in the middle of the park for Grillitsch.,0
Pavel KadeřábekHoffenheim · Midfielder #3Kaderbek makes way for Stafylidis for the visitors.,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Coman has had better games and he makes way for Muller.,0
Corentin TolissoBayern · Midfielder #24Tolisso is withdrawn for Perisic for the home side.,0
Asst: D. GeigerGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ADAMYAN PUTS HOFFENHEIM AHEAD!!! 1-0!! Tolisso loses out in the midfield to Rudy before Geiger pounces on the loose ball and releases the run of Adamyan in the box. He cuts inside to shoot in his left foot from the right inside channel and his low effort finds the right bottom corner.,1
hiago brings down Rudy on the charge and goes into the book. It was a cynical one from the Bayern midfielder.,2
Chievo's captain Hetemaj gets a deserved yellow card for cynically stopping Biglia from breaking through the middle. That will be that.,2
Mattia BaniChievo · Defender #14De Rossi makes his last throw of the dice. Bani off. Pucciarelli on.,0
SusoMilan · Striker #8Milan make a change - Suso's day is done. He'll be replaced by Borini.,0
Riccardo MeggioriniChievo · Striker #69Chievo make a second sub - Meggiorini is replaced by the Serbian striker Dordevic.,0
Assane Diousse El HadjiChievo · Midfielder #8Chievo decide on a change - Diousse is replaced by the Belgian-born Moroccan youth midfielder Kiyine.,0
Sorrentino is next to see a yellow card, apparently for a touch of shoving after Milan win a corner off Depaoli. Nothing comes of the corner.,2
Andrea ContiMilan · Defender #12There it is - Calabria replaces Conti at right-back for Milan.,0
Giaccherini is booked for dissent - Piatek tried an overhead kick just after his first shot was saved and caught a Chievo defender. Chievo think they should have had a free-kick for dangerous play. It's debatable.,2
Asst: Samu CastillejoGOAL! Sorrentino keeps Milan out but not for long! Milan counter as Chievo over-commit men forward. First Piatek has a close range shot blocked by the keeper, but the Pole is alert as Castillejo heads the ball back into danger and hooks the ball into the net. 2-1 Milan!,1
Lucas PaquetáMilan · Midfielder #39Milan aren't taking this stalemate lightly. Paqueta is hauled off and replaced by Calhanoglu.,0
Conti is booked for bringing down Diousse as the Senegalese midfielder powers down the left wing.,2
Asst: M. LérisGOAL! Chievo score for the first time in five games! Leris curls in a perfect ball from the right and Hetemaj twists a header which squirms past Donnarumma! 1-1! ,1
GOAL! A perfect free-kick by Biglia! The Argentine steps up and curls the ball right into the top left corner of Sorrentino's goal. The keeper had no chance. 1-0 Milan. ,1
Diop picks up a late yellow card, making it three for West Ham on the day.,2
Mark NobleWest Ham · Midfielder #16Noble, the goalscorer, is withdrawn as Obiang enters the fray for the final 10 minutes.,0
Isaac HaydenNewcastle · Midfielder #14Newcastle make their final substitution as Hayden makes way for Christian Atsu.,0
Javier Hernández BalcázarWest Ham · Striker #17Hernandez was so close to scoring multiple times, but is now withdrawn without a goal as Arnautovic takes his place on the pitch.,0
Hayden quickly returns the favour as he pulls back a West Ham player to prevent a dangerous counter-attack.,2
Fabian SchärNewcastle · Defender #5Another swap for Newcastle as last week's hero, Schar, is withdrawn for Dummett.,0
Sean LongstaffNewcastle · Midfielder #36There's been a change by Newcastle at the half as Longstaff is withdrawn in favour of Mohamed Diame.,0
Penalty GoalGOOALLLL!!! Noble doubles his side's lead from the penalty spot! He ran up and buried his right-footed shot into the top-left corner of the goal, hitting the roof of the net first! Excellent, excellent penalty from Noble there. West Ham 2-0 Newcastle.,1
Longstaff and Snodgrass both go in for the ball, but the latter seems to have gotten the worse of it, while the former receives a yellow card.,2
char blocks off Felipe Anderson on the edge of the box to prevent anything worse, and picks up a yellow for it.,2
Noble goes straight through the back of Almiron and the former is shown yellow for his actions.,2
Asst: R. SnodgrassGOOOALLLL!!! Rice gives West Ham the early lead! Snodgrass whipped in the cross and Rice found a bit of space in the Newcastle line, outjumped Schar, and nodded the ball down at the back post! You'd expect the Newcastle defence to handle set-pieces better than that but credit to West Ham for both the delivery and finish! West Ham 1-0 Newcastle.,1
he ball is sent downfield and Christensen fouls Antonio as he was getting to the ball first. It's a silly challenge, as West Ham can now run down the final minute of the game. The Chelsea man is shown a yellow. ,2
oufal is shown a yellow as he cynically breaks up an attack. Chelsea play on straight away. ,2
Asst: M. AntonioGOOOAAALLLL!!! There will! West Ham take a quick throw in on the left and Masuaku hesitates in possession, searching for a cross. He eventually fires the ball into the top-corner at Mendy's near-post! It didn't look like he meant it, but they all count!,1
Manuel LanziniWest Ham · Midfielder #10The goalscorer Lanzini is off, Benrahma comes on in his place. ,0
Marcos AlonsoChelsea · Midfielder #3Pulisic is on for Alonso. It's an attacking change for Chelsea too. Neither side is too happy with just a point it looks like. ,0
Kurt ZoumaWest Ham · Defender #4Fornals is on for the injured Zouma, which signals a change of formation from Moyes. It looks like the hosts will change to a back four here. ,0
Hakim ZiyechChelsea · Midfielder #22Hudson-Odoi is coming on for Ziyech. The former Ajax man will be disappointed with the chances he has squandered today. ,0
Asst: V. CoufalGreat finish! West Ham are level! Antonio challenges for a header on the edge of the box and it falls to Bowen on the right-hand side. He powers onto his left foot and rifles it into the bottom corner, going through Christensen's legs on the way. Game on!,1
Kai HavertzChelsea · Striker #29Lukaku is on for the second half, in place of Havertz, who presumably must've injured himself. ,0
Ben JohnsonWest Ham · Midfielder #31Amogst the excitement, Masuaku has come on for Johnson. ,0
Asst: H. ZiyechWHAT A GOAL!!!!! West Ham give the ball away, after working the ball left to right on the edge of the Chelsea box and Tuchel's men counter-attack. Ziyech finds Mount with a long-raking ball from deep, and he hits the volley first-time into the near corner. ,1
Penalty GoalLanzini calmly dispatches the spot-kick away into the left corner. Mendy fails to make amends as he is sent the wrong way. ,1
sst: M. MountGOAL CHELSEA! The corner is swung in from the right by Mount and Silva rises highest to head the ball into the ground, and it bounces up just past Fabianski's reach into the top-right corner of the net. ,1
orginho goes in the book for his efforts to halt the West Ham counter. ,2
Thiago is clipped by Wimmer on the edge of the box and the Hannover defender goes into the book for that cynical challenge. Bayern win a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2
David AlabaBayern · Defender #27The home side also make their final change of the match as Alaba makes way for Rafinha.,0
Linton MainaHannover 96 · Striker #40Hannover make their last change of the game with Prib coming on to replace Maina. It remains 3-1.   ,0
Kingsley ComanBayern · Midfielder #29Bayern make their second change of the match as Robben replaces Coman with less than five minutes left to play. The Dutchman comes on to make his first appearance since November due to injuries and his 700th for club and country.,0
sst: K. ComanGOAL! Ribery scores for Bayern! The Frenchman is played in beautifully down the left side of the box by Coman, before cutting inside onto his right foot and stroking the ball into the bottom right corner. Esser stood no chance with that one. 3-1.,1
Serge GnabryBayern · Midfielder #22Bayern make their first substitution of the match as Ribery replaces Gnabry. There are less than 20 minutes left to play.  ,0
Felipe TrevizanHannover 96 · Defender #5Hannover make their second change of the match as Wimmer comes on to replace the injured Felipe.,0
ED CARD! Despite only being on the field for 10 minutes, Jonathas is sent off! The substitute looked to catch Kimmich in the face with his arm and the referee immediately showed the Hannover striker a second yellow card.,3
onathas receives the first yellow card of the game for dissent following the penalty.,2
enalty GoalGOAL! Hannover pull one back from the spot! The substitute, Jonathas, steps up to take the penalty and sends Ulreich the wrong way before placing the ball in the bottom right corner. 2-1.,1
Hendrik WeydandtHannover 96 · Striker #26The away side have made one change at the break with Jonathas coming on to replace Weydandt.,0
Asst: K. ComanGOAL! Goretzka doubles Bayern’s lead! Coman took the ball down the left flank before laying it off to Goretzka on the edge of the area, and the German midfielder’s effort strikes the post before finding the bottom left corner. Brilliant strike. 2-0.,1
sst: J. KimmichGOAL! Bayern take the lead! Kimmich drives down the right wing before whipping a dangerous cross into the area which is met by Lewandowski in the centre of the box and the Polish striker powers his header beyond Esser and into the bottom left corner. 1-0.,1
Mergim BerishaAugsburg · Striker #11Augsburg make a change very, very late on, as they bring off the goalscorer Berisha for Lukas Petkov to see out the last few moments.,0
Jamal MusialaBayern · Midfielder #42Musiala has also been snuffed out at every turn by the hosts, and he's withdrawn now for Josip Stanisic.,0
Sadio ManéBayern · Striker #17Mane's become increasingly frustrated with every passing chance, and Bayern look to a different attacking option off the bench, in the form of Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting.,0
IagoAugsburg · Defender #22Iago's down on his haunches, and comes off for Ruben Vargas following an impressive performance down the left.,0
Florian NiederlechnerAugsburg · Midfielder #7Niederlechner's not been as much of a standout in the second half, but has still done well, and he comes off now for Fredrik Jensen.,0
Leon GoretzkaBayern · Midfielder #8Goretzka's the next off for Bayern, replaced in midfield by Marcel Sabitzer. The two were swapped, albeit the other way around, at half-time against Barcelona.,0
Ermedin DemirovićAugsburg · Midfielder #9Demirovic's been the quieter of Augsburg's attackers in this game, and comes off now for the more defensively minded Mads Pedersen.,0
Noussair MazraouiBayern · Defender #40Mazraoui's been unable to shake off a knock picked up in that Gouweleeuw challenge, and comes off now for Serge Gnabry in Bayern's first substitution.,0
Asst: IagoGOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! Augsburg break the deadlock!!! A free-kick from inside the home side's own half is fired into the box, where Iago nudges it across goal with his knee. Berisha arrives on the penalty spot to latch onto the loose ball, and fires beyond Neuer to make it 1-0 to Augsburg in this Bavarian derby!,1
ouweleeuw chops down Mazraoui with a woeful sliding challenge, and although Bayern play advantage and cross into the box, the play comes to nothing and the referee comes back to book the Augsburg captain.,2
Hahn flies in recklessly on Davies and catches him late, warranting a free-kick and a yellow card for the Augsburg winger.,2
Niederlechner releases Demirovic down the left, but is crunched by a sliding Mane as he releases the pass. The Bayern forward is booked, and the hosts have a good crossing opportunity from this free-kick!,2
Berisha races in late and catches the outstretched leg of Kimmich as he passes forward, and the Augsburg striker picks up the first yellow card of the game for his troubles.,2
Percy TauClub Brugge · Striker #35Schrijvers replaces Tau for the closing minutes of the game.,0
azard has to bring down Vanaken in the final third to stop his run. He gets booked for his challenge.,2
Loïs OpendaClub Brugge · Striker #80Openda is withdrawn for the visitors after only coming in the second half. However, he has been booked and makes way for Cools.,0
Asst: T. KroosGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CASEMIRO HEADS HOME!!! 2-2!!!! Madrid find their equaliser with five minutes left to play. Kroos puts his delivery from a deep free-kick on the money and Casemiro rises ahead of Deli to guide his effort away from Mignolet into the right bottom corner. A vital goal for Los Blancos. Can they go on to get a winner against the 10 men?,1
OFF! Vormer slides in late on Vinicius and the referee sends him on his way for a second bookable offence. The Brugge skipper is furious with the official.,3
Vormer catches Hazard with a high boot and is booked by the referee.,2
Emmanuel DennisClub Brugge · Striker #42Openda replaces the two-goal hero Dennis for the visitors.,0
sst: K. BenzemaGOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RAMOS HEADS HOME!!!! 2-1!!! Madrid are back in the game as their skipper converts from close range. Benzema lifts a cross to the back post for the defender to attack. He heads his effort down towards the right bottom corner and he beats Mignolet. VAR has a check on the incident, but it rules in Los Blancos' favour as Mata played the defender on.,1
Thibaut CourtoisReal Madrid · Goalkeeper #13Courtois is withdrawn at the break for Areola between the sticks. The Belgian must have an injury.,0
NachoReal Madrid · Defender #6Marcelo replaces Nacho for the home side at left-back.,0
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DENNIS SCORES AGAIN!!!!! 2-0 BRUGGE!!! Incredible scenes at the Bernabeu as the Belgian outfit double their advantage. Modric gives the ball away straight Dennis and he breaks away through the middle. He almost loses his balance, but the forward just manages to keep his feet to lift a strike over Courtois into the net. A stunning scoreline.,1
Asst: P. TauGOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CLUB BRUGGE TAKE THE LEAD! IT'S OVERTURNED BY VAR!!! 1-0!!!!! Dennis is onside as he latches on to Tau's low cross from the left flank. He does not control it well, but fortunately for the forward it works for him. His miscontrol wrong foots Courtois and the ball creeps past the Belgian into the net.,1
