Smith blatantly shoves Cancelo in the face to stop the City full-back from getting past him. It's an obvious yellow card offence.,2

Bournemouth take Moore off with their last change. Lowe goes up front for added time. There'll be at least three minutes of it.,0

Mepham's booked for halting Grealish's dribble. City now have a free-kick in a central position, too far out to shoot from.,2

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 3-0 AFC BOURNEMOUTH! De Bruyne skips inside on his right foot and rolls in Foden, whose shot has too much power for Travers to keep out. This game's already over as a contest.,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 AFC BOURNEMOUTH! Bournemouth get caught upfield and Foden finds De Bruyne. The Belgian drives inside from the right, performs a few stepovers, and pokes into the bottom left corner with the outside of his right foot. That's a delightful finish.,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 AFC BOURNEMOUTH! It's been coming. Gundogan pulls off a cute backheel flick with his back to goal to lay the ball off to Haaland. The big Norwegian returns the favour to find Gundogan's dart into the box, and the German slots easily past Travers.,1

Stacey's booked for his early indiscretion. The Bournemouth left wing-back will have to watch himself now.,2

Gayle replaces Saint-Maximin for the home side. Newcastle will be hopeful that the Frenchman has not suffered a serious injury.,0

Matic replaces McTominay for the closing stages of the game. The Scot appears to have suffered a knock.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CAVANI BUNDLES HOME AN EQUALISER!!!!! 1-1!!!! United are back in the game with a huge slice of luck as Cavani scuffs an effort home. Dalot surges down the right flank and picks out the forward with a fine cutback. Cavani shoots, but sees his first effort blocked by a crowd of defenders. He attempts a second effort that he miscues, but it deflects off Lascelles' boot and trickles into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SAINT-MAXIMIN FIRES NEWCASTLE AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! The Frenchman latches on to an offload from Longstaff before placing an effort away from De Gea into the top-right corner. Varane is the guilty party for the visitors as he loses possession in his own half. Longstaff pounces on the error and offloads to Saint-Maximin in space. He surges into the box before steering his strike into the back of the net.,1

GOAL!! DIA HAS WRAPPED IT UP FOR REIMS! And what a strike it is! He acrobatically strikes a scissor-kick into the ground and past Navas into the far corner to make it 2-0! What a finish!,1

Rajkovic is booked for time-wasting as he dwells over his goal-kick. He'll be happy to take that booking if it contributes to a famous win for Reims.,2

Donis, who has worked incredibly hard and really tested the PSG defence, is given an early rest as Oudin replaces him.,0

Kurzawa now departs for Marquinhos, meaning Bernat will go to left-back and Paredes will push forward as the Brazilian takes his place in front of the back four.,0

Mbe Soh, a natural centre-back, is replaced by right-back Meunier, who offers more in terms of attacking threat.,0

Bernat goes sliding in and pulls out of the challenge at the last minute, but it's still reckless and he earns himself a yellow card.,2

Tuchel is finally able to make his change, with Choupo-Moting replaced by Di María, who goes up front in an unfamiliar role.,0

Donis feels he won the ball as he challenged Bernat, but the referee disagrees and brandishes a yellow card.,2

GOAL!! REIMS ARE IN FRONT! Kamara rises highest from Munetsi's corner and heads firmly at goal. Navas gets a hand to it but it isn't strong enough to push the ball out! Reims lead 1-0 in Paris!,1

GOOOOAAALLL! Those substitutions have worked a dream for Brentford and they're 2-0 up! It's not massively pretty, but it'll do as Schade spins the ball into Onyeka's path and he drives it home past Grbic!,1

Some more changes for Brentford as they look to wind down the clock. Mbeumo comes off for defender Schade.,0

First changes for Brentford. Damsgaard, who has an assist and should also have a goal to his name, is replaced by Yarmolyuk.,0

First substituton of the game, and it's an attacking one by Wilder. Larouci, who has been pretty industrious, is replaced by McAtee.,0

The yellow cards have come out already. Maupay gets one for a light challenge on Bogle, who goes flying onto the turf. Seems a harsh yellow.,2

Rodrygo has not got a goal to his name, but has made a huge impact in the 80 minutes that he has played. Hazard is given the latter stages of the game to make an impression.,0

GOALLLLL! ASENSIO SCORES! 2-0 MADRID! Madrid find the back of the net again to extend their advantage. Valverde drives through the heart of the midfield before playing the ball down the right side of the box with Asensio getting forward. The winger then opens up his body and curls a low effort into the bottom corner.,1

GOALLLL! NACHO SCORES! 1-0 MADRID! Benzema and Rodrygo have been Madrid's biggest threats, but it is Nacho who breaks the deadlock. Tchouameni plays a short pass across to the defender outside the box with the ball bouncing in front of him. Taking a look at the goal, he powers his strike into the bottom corner.,1

Cadiz have decided to bring on three new players to add some energy into their side. Guardiola is off with Alejo on in his place.,0

Vazquez was heavily involved in the first 45 minutes, but has not seen much action down his side since the restart. He is replaced by Camavinga.,0

Alcaraz gets the first yellow card of the game. He thought he had done well to turn past Ceballos, but the former Arsenal man went down holding his face with the referee giving a free-kick to Madrid just outside the box.,2

GOAL! LAZIO SNATCH A POINT IN THE FINAL SECONDS! 1-1! Would you believe it, goalkeeper Provedel is the hero of the day! A half-hearted appeal for a penalty from the corner distracts Atletico long enough for the cross to be speared back in, and the shotstopper ghosts through to head home Luis Alberto’s delivery! Astonishing scenes!,1

Correa is into the book for a foul, and Lazio take the free-kick quickly. They'll have a corner, to see this one out. Provedel is up from his box for the last roll of the dice.,2

Provedel makes amends with a save, before Lino is booked for bringing down Lazzari on the breakaway. This game is getting quite angry.,2

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Against the run of play, the Rojiblancos are on top! It is Barrios who strikes after a well-worked passage, his ranged effort taking an almighty deflection off Kamada to wrong-foot Provedel!,1

Griezmann is the first player into the book now, after he fouls Zaccagni following Atletico’s attempts to clear the corner. He’ll have to be careful from here on out.,2

4-1 MADRID! Slipping his marker before turning neatly to evade a desperately back-tracking Gaya, the cool-headed Benzema takes an extra touch before firing into the bottom corner from the centre of the box. That's his second and his team's fourth! Los Blancos are going eight points clear at the top!,1

For raising his studs in a challenge with Militao on the edge of the box, Cheryshev finds himself booked.,2

VALENCIA GET ONE BACK! Guedes misses from the spot, but is first to react when Courtois makes the save low down to his right and prods home the visitors' first goal of the game. It's all too late for Valencia, though that offers some small consolation.,1

A clear tug by Mendy on Andre, just five yards from goal, results in both a penalty for Valencia and a yellow card for the Frenchman.,2

Another productive day for Modric ends early, allowing Ceballos the chance to shine for 20 minutes or so.,0

The removal of Costa is the third change made by Bordalas, and Andre is brought on in his place for the final quarter of the game.,0

THREE FOR MADRID! Suddenly, the hosts look like they can score every time they go forward, and Vinicius taps in his second goal from close range after Cillessen can only parry Asensio's right-sided shot into his path. That was as simple as it gets - surely that's game over now!,1

Valencia are again caught on the break, and this time Musah takes a booking for a desperate lunge on Casemiro, who was striding through the centre of the pitch.,2

MADRID DOUBLE UP! With typical directness and a small slice of fortune, Vinicius extends the hosts' lead. Combining with Benzema on the edge of the box, he then dances through some slack Valencia challenges to force his way through and slot the ball home from no more than 10 yards. 2-0 to Madrid, and they are in complete control!,1

Vinicius tries to escape on the break, but Piccini decides to halt his run by the halfway line and hauls the Brazilian back. That's a yellow card for the Valencia defender.,2

REAL MADRID LEAD! Befitting a man at the top of his game, Benzema steps up and strikes a right-footed penalty into the top corner, with power and precision in equal measure. 1-0 to Madrid!,1

A rugged challenge on Gaya, who is attempting to clear the ball down the left, sees Militao receive a yellow card from the referee.,2

Casemiro is the first man into the referee's notebook, and is yellow-carded for a mistimed challenge on Wass in midfield.,2

Ederson's booked for taking his sweet time over a goal-kick. City protest, but they know what they're doing.,2

Alvarez heads off too. His goal could win this game for City at the moment. On comes Silva in his stead.,0

The referee chats with both Tete and Grealish after a clash between the pair. The Fulham player's booked first.,2

Fulham make their second injury-related change of the match. Cairney replaces Pereira, who's carried off but looks conscious at least. A speedy recovery to him.,0

GOAL! FULHAM 1-2 MANCHESTER CITY! Alvarez restores City's lead with a wonderful goal! The Argentine receives Mahrez's pass, swivels past a challenge and sends a swerving strike into the top-left corner from the right of the D.,1

GOAL! FULHAM 1-1 MANCHESTER CITY! Vinicius draws Fulham level quickly! Wilson nods Ream's long ball down to the Brazilian, who lashes it past Ederson on the volley! It's a fantastic finish.,1

GOAL! FULHAM 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY! Haaland steps up and smashes the penalty low into the bottom-right corner. Leno has no chance of saving it. What a monstrously good striker the Norwegian is.,1

GOAL! IT'S 3-2!! The corner finds Ogbonna unmarked in the middle and he steers a left-footed effort into the bottom-left corner! There probably isn't time for a dramatic, late equaliser, though.,1

Alli does not look pleased as his number goes up on the board. He trudges off angrily to be replaced by Eriksen.,0

GOAL! ANTONIO PULLS ONE BACK! A blocked effort is recycled by Noble on the edge of the box and he feeds Antonio, who fenits cleverly to deceive Alderweireld before lashing a ferocious effort across Gazzaniga and into the bottom-left corner! It's 3-1!,1

Davies lunges in on Antonio and picks up a yellow card after an excellent run from the West Ham substitute. The free-kick is in a promising position.,2

Pellegrini takes centre-back Diop off for a defensive midfielder in Carlos Sanchez. There appears to be no sign of injury to the Frenchman, but Rice has slotted in alongside Ogbonna in his stead.,0

Yarmolenko is hooked in Pellegrini's second change, with Fornals replacing him. The summer signing takes his place behind Haller, while Antonio moves out to the right wing as the Hammers revert to the 4-2-3-1 they started with.,0

GOAL! IT'S 3-0 TO SPURS! Kane makes up for Lucas' error, heading emphatically home from Aurier's right-wing cross. That should be that.,1

Anderson is replaced by the fit-again Antonio at half-time and the Englishman goes up front to give Haller a strike partner.,0

GOAL! LUCAS MAKES IT 2-0! It's far too easy for Tottenham as Son sprints away down the left before firing a low ball across the box that Lucas gets to ahead of Cresswell at the back post to turn in!,1

Fredericks slides in very rashly on the goalscorer, Son, and picks up a deserved yellow card. The winger is down and looks to be in some pain.,2

GOAL!! SON GIVES SPURS THE LEAD! It's fine work from the South Korean as he dances down the left and works a yard, but it's awful goalkeeping from Roberto, who really should save it. Tottenham lead 1-0!,1

Diop looks incredulous as he's booked for handball, but despite his and Fredericks' protests, the booking stands.,2

Richarlison heads off. He's succeeding in winding Chelsea up here, if nothing else. Porro replaces him.,0

Meanwhile, Aubameyang takes Sterling's place on the pitch. Chelsea have lacked a proper target man here.,0

GOAL! TOTTENHAM 2-0 CHELSEA! It looks too late for Chelsea now! Son swings the corner into the middle. Dier flicks it on to Kane at the far post who steers it past Kepa!,1

Tottenham make a change. Son comes on for Kulusevski. The South Korean will get the chance to add to his four goals from two substitute appearances this season.,0

Mount's caught by Romero as the Argentine attempts to pass upfield. The Englishman isn't given a free-kick. Instead he's shown the yellow card for dissent.,2

GOAL! TOTTENHAM 1-0 CHELSEA! Spurs get off to a flying start to the half! Kepa saves Emerson's low shot from the right of the box. The ball comes out to Skipp, who leathers it into the net off the crossbar!,1

NO RED CARD FOR ZIYECH! On second viewing, Ziyech did shove a Tottenham player in the fracas but it's not enough for a red card offence. The referee downgrades it to a yellow to boos from the home fans. What a farce.,2

Looking to hold onto the victory, Koeman makes a defensive change, sending Lenglet on for Griezmann. ,0

BARCELONA RETAKE THE LEAD! It’s as simple a finish as Griezmann can hope for - meeting Mingueza’s pass across the six-yard box with a powerful first-time shot! Simon had no chance to block the shot as the Blaugrana get themselves ahead!,1

The first substitution of the match is made by Athletic, who replaces De Marcos with Berenguer on the right wing.,0

It’s two swaps at once for the visitors, who also take Vencedor off the pitch, with Vesga on in his place.,0

Alba’s match goes from bad to worse as he’s shown a yellow card after confirmation of the goal; booked for his aggressive posture towards the referee.,2

Just a minute after the restart, De Jong is booked for tugging Martinez back during the centre-back’s foray forward.,2

Yeray is shown a yellow card for words he had with the referee following his decision to award Barcelona a free-kick. ,2

Raul Garcia has been in the wars all match, but he’s finally shown a yellow card - this time for kicking through the back of De Jong in an attempt to win the ball. He’s not happy as he retreats to the edge of his 18-yard box to defend the Barcelona free-kick.,2

WHAT A LOVELY STRIKE! ABSOLUTELY DELIGHTFUL FROM MESSI! He put it exactly where he wanted to, up and over the wall in the top-right corner - beating the goalkeeper as well as Dani Garcia, who had positioned himself by the post. 1-0 to the hosts! ,1

GOOOAAAALLL!! Madrid 6-1 Melilla! Isco adds to his stunning strike at the start of this second half with a goal of similar quality towards the end of it. After being picked out by Garcia, the Spanish attacker sets himself up perfectly with his first touch to blast past Moreno from 10 yards.,1

GOOOOALLLL!! Madrid 5-1 Melilla! Qasmi, who won the penalty with his positive run, makes no mistake from 12 yards as he buries the penalty to Navas's right-hand side.,1

Solari can now afford to take off Vinicius, who has a goal and an assist to his name today. Fernandez, vice-captain of the Castilla side, comes on for the final 11 minutes.,0

GOOOALLL!! Madrid 5-0 Melilla! Here is the goal that Vinicius has been desperate for. The Brazilian teen weaves past a couple of opposition players and fires past Moreno at the second attempt after his initial shot is saved. ,1

Romero is introduced for the visitors in place of Ruano, providing Melilla with some fresh legs in midfield.,0

GOOOOAALLL! Madrid 4-0 Melilla! Unbelievable technique from Isco, who picks out the top corner of the opposition net with a wonderful strike. Madrid pick up from where they left off in the first half.,1

Solari makes a change at the break by taking off Carvajal and bringing on another of his youngsters in Garcia.,0

Mizzian, who came closer to scoring for Melilla than any other player in the first half, is replaced by Otegui at the start of the second half.,0

GOOOOALLLL!! Madrid 3-0 Melilla! This could get rather embarrassing for the third-tier side - they now trail by three goals on the day and seven goals on aggregate. Asensio floats the ball into the box and young defender Sanchez - making his debut at the Santiago Bernabeu - turns it past Moreno with a first-time finish off the underside crossbar.,1

GOOOOALLL!! Madrid 2-0 Melilla! Just like that, the hosts have themselves a second goal. An unmarked Asensio doubles his tally by firing home from 10 yards, but this was all about the work of Vinicius out wide.,1

GOOOALLL!! Madrid 1-0 Melilla! Poor defending from the visitors, as Asensio is given 40 yards of space to run into before slotting the ball past Moreno. That goal came moments after Mariano skied a shot from a similar range when teed up by Isco.,1

GOOOOAL! Kodro makes it 2-0 to Athletic! Gomez slid a nicely weighted ball into Kodro's path as he ran into the box and his low effort deflected off Gimenez and looped over Oblak. Another of Garitano's substitutes makes an instant impact. Incredible!,1

Alvarez is booked for holding back Costa and Atletico now have a free-kick in a dangerous position on the right.,2

GOOOAL! Williams makes it 1-0 to Athletic! Gimenez concedes possession deep in the Atletico half which allows Cordoba to pick it up on the left-hand side of the box before drilling an effort towards the back post. Williams was waiting behind the Atletico defenders to tap it home with ease.,1

Raul Garcia picks up the first booking of the match for tugging back Koke as he looked to break forward.,2

Maguire, who has offered a few choice words to the referee, is cautioned in the closing stages for dissent.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLL! COPENHAGEN HIT THE FRONT FOR THE FIRST TIME! It is dreamland for teenager Bardghji, who sends the hosts 4-3 up with his first Champions League goal. Maguire and Varane fail to play out from the back, with Sorensen crossing towards the near post. The United centre-back pair manage to head clear as far as 17-year-old Bardghji, who smashes a left-footed half-volley down into the ground and past Onana. Parken erupts and Neestrup’s side are on the brink of a memorable victory!,1

Back on level terms, Ten Hag perhaps signals his defensive intent now. Mount is on for two-goal Hojlund.,0

COPENHAGEN EQUALISE AGAIN! What a game. Neestrup’s hosts make it 3-3 as United fall apart at the back. The first corner delivery is cleared but Falk recycles possession, eventually curling a right-footed cross towards the back post. Dalot is caught napping as Lerager comes from behind to finish with a right-footed volley past Onana.,1

Larsson, who missed the late penalty against United on matchday three, comes on for Achouri. Can the substitute make amends here?,0

Perhaps fortunate to still be on the pitch after what could have been a second bookable offence earlier, Vavro comes off for Boilesen.,0

Scorer of the first-half equaliser, Goncalves makes away for Oskarsson. Neestrup needs his side to respond and sends on a double change.,0

GOOOOOOOALLLLLL! UNITED ARE BACK IN FRONT! Fernandes hovers over the spot-kick before curling a right-footed strike emphatically into the top-left corner. Grabara has no chance as he dives to his left and the Red Devils captain delivers once again in Ten Hag’s time of need. 3-2 to the visitors!,1

Elyounoussi has two goals in four Champions League games for Copenhagen, as many as he scored in 11 appearances in the competition for Basel beforehand. He makes way for 17-year-old Bardghji.,0

Ten Hag wastes no time at the break. Amrabat comes on at half-time for Eriksen, with United needing more legs to cover the midfield now they are down to 10.,0

Hojlund helps get United up the pitch with a smart piece of work, spinning and twisting before Vavro bundles the forward over. The Copenhagen centre-back goes into the referee's book.,2

COPENHAGEN ARE BACK ON LEVEL TERMS! Despite falling two goals down after just 28 minutes, the hosts restore parity to make it 2-2 just before half-time. Goncalves takes an age over his spot-kick, eventually stepping up and stroking a right-footed effort into the bottom-left corner. Onana dives the wrong way and the decibel levels inside Parken have just gone up once more! An unbelievable first half.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! COPENHAGEN PULL ONE BACK! Parken erupts into a wall of deafening noise just three minutes after Rashford’s dismissal. Ankersen crosses towards the far post, where Goncalves pulls a volleyed pass back. Elyounoussi is on hand to sweep a first-time left-footed finish past Onana. United’s lead is cut to 2-1. Game on!,1

RASHFORD IS OFF! The United forward is shown a straight red card after felling Jelert when aiming to protect the ball. The England winger seemed to catch his opposite man in the head with a loose arm, as well as a high boot down the back of the full-back’s calf. The latter of those challenges is what the referee deemed worthy of a dismissal.,3

ANOTHER GOAL FOR HOJLUND AND UNITED DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Back in Copenhagen and the Red Devils forward is enjoying himself at his former employers. Fernandes springs a counter-attack, gliding over the halfway line before offloading to his left. Garnacho powers into the area before driving a left-footed strike towards the bottom-right corner. Grabara saves with a stretching stop but can only parry into the path of Hojlund, who has another simple finish to make it 2-0!,1

Evans’ game is over. The centre-back pulled up when nowhere near the ball, seemingly aggravating a muscular issue. Ten Hag calls upon four-time Champions League winner and former Real Madrid defender Varane. A decent option off the bench for United.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! HOJLUND AGAINST HIS FORMER CLUB! Ten Hag could not have asked for a better opening as the Red Devils surge into a 1-0 lead. Rashford makes space on the right-hand side to find Wan-Bissaka, who turns inside for McTominay. The Scotland midfielder takes his time, driving to the byline before playing across the six-yard area for Hojlund to tap into an unguarded net. The Denmark forward came through the youth system in Copenhagen, but comes back to haunt them with his fourth goal in as many Champions League games!,1

Doherty is sent on for Hugo Bueno at left wing-back, as the fourth official signals we will have THREE minutes of stoppage time. Can Wolves hang on?,0

Wolves are making a defensive change now, with O'Neil sending on ball-winning midfielder Traore in place of Cunha, who has gotten through plenty of off-the-ball work and assisted Hwang's goal.,0

Kilman is furious as Amdouni dives over his leg as he pulls out of a challenge, yet the referee books the Wolves captain and awards Burnley a free-kick 25 yards from goal, as we enter the final 10 minutes of the 90.,2

Ekdal gets the most deserved yellow card you will ever see as Cunha nudges the ball past him on halfway, throwing his arms around the Brazilian's torso to stop the Wolves break.,2

Taylor is the next man into the book for dragging Lemina back on the Wolves right. That's three Burnley players on cautions.,2

Wolves aren't happy as Lemina goes into the book for a foul on Berge. The Wolves man simply stepped cross his opponent and won the ball cleanly. He can't believe he's been booked as Burnley get a free-kick around 30 yards out.,2

Berge receives the second yellow card of the game, and he's in disbelief as Hugo Bueno goes down under a light challenge near the corner of Burnley's box. This is a dangerous free-kick for the Clarets to defend…,2

GOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLL! HWANG PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! Burnley are architects of their own downfall in a huge way! O'Shea receives a pass out from Trafford, but his next ball into Berge is too heavy and the midfielder takes a loose touch. Sarabia pounces to flick it into Cunha, who plays it right to Hwang, and the South Korean sits his man down with a lovely stutter before stroking into the bottom-left corner. Wolves lead 1-0!,1

This is a major blow for Burnley. Koleosho is feeling his lower leg again and he won't be able to continue. Gudmundsson replaces him on the Clarets' left.,0

We have a booking inside 90 seconds here as Kilman charges out of the Wolves backline to carry the ball through the lines. Brownhill lunges in to bring him down, and the Burnley skipper is walking a tightrope already.,2

GOAL! Atletico make it 2-2 through half-time substitute De Paul. The Argentine received a pass at the edge of the box and then turned before guiding his effort past Hradecky and into the back of the net. A superb finish that sparked raucous celebrations.,1

GOAL! Correa loses the ball in the buildup before it's funnelled into Hudson-Odoi in the penalty area - he finishes clinically past Oblak.,1

GOAL! Carrasco draws Atletico level and makes it 1-1. The Belgian received the ball at the edge off the box and unleashed a low, driven, first-time finish that flew into the bottom left corner of the net. A superb, decisive strike.,1

GOAL! Diaby scores to put Leverkusen 1-0 ahead. He received the pass well inside the box, adjusted his body and finished coolly past Oblak.,1

Allegri soaks up a few more seconds and introduces some energy to his tiring team, as Iling-Junior replaces Kostic for the closing stages.,0

Verde has been lively again today, but he now makes way for fresh legs up front: Milan loanee Maldini comes on.,0

JUVE LEAD 2-0! A touch of class from Di Maria snatches an unmerited second for the visitors, as he takes in Danilo's pass and sizes up the bottom corner before slotting the ball past Marchetti. Such a cool finish, and Spezia's efforts are apparently all for nothing!,1

Even though they are already on top, Spezia still seek an equaliser. Who better to turn to than top scorer Nzola, who comes on for Agudelo with more than 30 minutes left to play?,0

His crucial goal aside, Kean has been fairly ineffective today, so Di Maria is introduced by Allegri for the final half-hour.,0

Two members of Juve's midfield are on bookings now, as half-time substitute Fagioli is shown yellow for a clear shirt-pull on Reca.,2

Allegri is clearly not happy with Juve's first-half display, as he makes two changes after the break. First, Cuadrado is withdrawn for De Sciglio on the right flank.,0

JUVENTUS LEAD! Meeting an outswinging cross from the left by Kostic, an alert Kean capitalises on Ampadu's unbalanced defending to sweep the ball low past Marchetti, whose first significant act since coming off the bench is to pick the ball out of the net! Out of nothing, really, Juve lead 1-0!,1

Despite his attempts to continue, Dragowski can't carry on with an apparent hip injury; the experienced Marchetti will be his replacement.,0

When Rabiot tries to break clear on the counter, Agudelo opts to crudely block his path, and that's a yellow card for the Colombian midfielder.,2

The referee lays down the law straight away, and despite Locatelli's pleas for leniency the Juve midfielder is booked for a foul on Bourabia in midfield.,2

Arteta makes a late change as they look to see out the game, with Kiwior coming on to replace Partey.,0

Ten Hag makes an alteration in defence, with Evans making way. Kambwala is the player to replace him.,0

GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The ball is played over the top to Havertz, and he's in acres of space with Casemiro keeping him onside. He looks to take on Evans and shifts it onto his right before drilling a low cross into the danger zone, and Trossard arrives to fire into an empty net! United's defensive line was exposed by the Gunners.,1

WHAT A GOAL JOSHUA KIMMICH!! Martinez feeds the midfielder who turns with his first touch before unleashing a volley into the bottom corner. Unstoppable. 2-1!,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLL!! 1-1! Ze Luis is released down the right and he's onside this time. He drives forward before squaring it for Miranchuk who makes no mistake firing past Neuer at the near post.,1

GOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! BAYERN LEAD 1-0! Tolissa feeds Pavard on the right whose first-time delivery on the volley is pinpoint. Goretzka is on the end of it to power the ball past Guilherme at the near post. 1-0!,1

Milan are making a triple change following that goal. Saelemaekers is the first to go off, with Messias replacing him.,0

POBEGA SCORES! When Milan can't find a way down their right, they switch it to the left, with Pobega sliding it into the box for Hernandez. Pobega continues his run and gets it back from the defender, firing his first-time shot over Livakovic and in off the bottom of the bar. 3-1 Milan!,1

Orsic goes down and at first, it looks like he was tripped on the edge of the box by Bennacer, but replays show there was no contact. The referee was going to let it go, but now books him for diving.,2

ORSIC PULLS ONE BACK! He isn't closed down when he has the ball and he plays a one-two with Petkovic, getting the return pass just inside the box. He hits the shot first time, curling it around Calabria and into the far bottom corner, out of Maignan's reach. 2-1!,1

SAELEMAEKERS SCORES! It's the best possible start to the second half for Milan! Leao gets away from Ristovski down the left and clips a wonderful cross into the middle. Saelemaekers run onto it and thumps his header over Livakovic and into the back of the net. 2-0 Milan!,1

GIROUD SCORES! It's a confident spot-kick from the Frenchman and he gets a lot of power behind the shot as he fires it into the bottom-right corner. Livakovic dives the wrong way and Milan lead 1-0!,1

Barcelona are making a late change here as Balde is taken off and replaced by Marmol, who comes on to make his first-team debut.,0

Olivera kicks the ball away after committing a foul and picks up a cheap booking which means he'll miss their final game.,2

After another couple of minutes of Barcelona keeping possession, Depay sat down, forcing them to put it out. He can now go off, with De Jong coming on for him.,0

The referee has just gone back to Busquets, who caught Alena on the back of his heel with his studs, and shown him a yellow card for the challenge.,2

Bennacer kicks the ball away following the awarding of a free-kick to Atalanta, which earns the Algeria international a yellow card.,2

A cynical foul from Malinovskiy on Kalulu sees the Atalanta substitute shown a yellow card - which sees him suspended for La Dea's final game of the year.,2

A SUBLIME GOAL FROM HERNANDEZ GIVES MILAN THE INSURANCE THEY NEEDED! 2-0! It’s an outstanding solo effort from Hernandez; a simply breathtaking run that saw him drive from well inside his own penalty area, slaloming through the midfield before taking it wide inside the opposition’s penalty area to work an angle for a shot. Musso comes off his line to try and block the full-back but it’s too late as the France international coolly tucks a shot into the far corner!,1

Kessie charges through the back of Pessina immediately after the restart of the match - which sees him awarded a yellow card.,2

MILAN FIND THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Pessina loses possession of the ball to Kalulu on the edge of Milan’s penalty area, which sparks a furious Rossoneri counter-attack. It’s lobbed over the top of the defence by Messias for Leao, who beats his man for pace before tucking the ball in between the legs of Musso!,1

Unable to hold his tongue, Giroud is shown a yellow card for dissent in the aftermath of the unawarded penalty.,2

RED CARD! Neymar is sent off in stoppage time for a second bookable offence. He slides in late and hard on Adli and is given a yellow card then a red after previously being fouled himself by Sabaly. He only has himself to blame after being booked in the first half for dissent. Neymar does not help his cause in the future by sarcastically clapping the officials as he makes his way off the pitch.,3

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PARDO KEEPS THE GAME ALIVE!!!!! 4-3!!!! Bordeaux are back in the contest as Pardo scores a stunner from the edge of the box. De Preville's cross is cleared as far as the midfielder. He hammers a strike towards goal and it finds the top-right corner. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MBAPPE CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 4-2 PSG!!!!! Bordeaux are the architects of their own downfall as Mbappe puts the home side two goals ahead. Otavio loses possession on the edge of his own box and Mbappe takes possession. He plays a neat one-two with Cavani to open up the visitors' defence before slotting a strike into an empty net.,1

Basic goes into the book for a foul on Verratti. The referee tells him it was due to an accumulation of tackles.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MARQUINHOS NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 3-2 PSG!!!! Tuchel's men regain the lead as Marquinhos displays predatory instincts to stab home a strike from close range. Bordeaux fail to clear their lines from a corner and Mbappe collects the second cross on the left flank. He plays a firm delivery across the face of goal. Cavani connects but sees his header saved by Costil. However, Marquinhos is there to convert on the rebound.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PABLO CHARGES DOWN RICO'S KICK TO EQUALISE!!! 2-2!!!! Bordeaux level the scores before the interval. A header from Kimpembe travels to Mbappe and he rolls a pass back to Rico. The keeper goes to boot the ball down field on his left foot, but Pablo follows up to apply pressure. The PSG keeper boots it off the defender and the ball flies into the back of the net. The visitors are level in incredible fashion.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MARQUINHOS FINDS THE NET!!! 2-1 PSG!!! The home side take the lead on the stroke of half time through the Brazilian. Di Maria bends a dangerous ball into the box from the left flank and the defender gets ahead of his marker. The ball strikes Marquinhos on the shoulder to travel past Costil into the back of the net. A VAR check confirms the goal.,1

Kwateng deliberately handles the ball to stop Bernat's ball forward from reaching Mbappe. He goes into the book and PSG have a free-kick in a decent position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CAVANI SCORES THIS TIME!!! 1-1!!! The Urugayan nods home to get PSG back on level term. It's almost a carbon-copy of his previous attempt. Di Maria curls a cross in from the right flank and Cavani makes a move to find space six yards out. He meets the ball flush and sends it away from Costil into the top-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HWANG HEADS BORDEAUX IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead from a corner as Hwang meets Basic's delivery to nod his effort past Rico. The midfielder swings his cross into the middle where the forward evades the attention of Kehrer. He directs his effort away from Rico into the left side of the net. A precise header from Hwang.,1

Thiago Silva makes way for Gueye. It's a huge blow for the home side. Marquinhos drop back into the defence.,0

Doucoure concedes a foul, which he is cautioned for, and United have a free-kick in a good position just outside the box.,2

Larouci will have to be replaced and Thomas comes on to make his debut after signing from Leicester City.,0

GOAL! Danjuma equalises for Everton! They fly forward and Beto slips a ball to Patterson, who delivers a pinpoint cross towards the back post for Danjuma to finish excellently.,1

GOAL! ARCHER! United are level! Hamer works hard down the right to produce a cross and find McBurnie in the box. He lays the ball off for Archer to slam home! A brilliantly worked goal.,1

GOAL! Everton finally have a Premier League goal and it comes courtesy of Doucoure from the corner! Foderingham does wonderfully to get down to his right and save a header that had deflected off Doucoure's knee, but the midfielder was in the right place to poke the rebound in. Everton lead!,1

Branthwaite is booked for a strong challenge on Hamer, who was making a dangerous run down the right wing. United have a free-kick in a good position.,2

Darder slides in and chops Diaz down from behind as he leads a breakaway, earning himself a yellow card. That was a very poor tackle.,2

RED CARD! Mendy leaves his studs on Gomez's ankle clumsily and is shown a second yellow card! He's off and Madrid are down to 10 men!,3

GOAL!! Real Madrid double their lead! Valverde is played through on the right and works a yard cleverly before crossing into Benzema, who fires home from the edge of the six-yard box! It's 2-0 to Madrid!,1

Granero is the next man to leave the pitch as Lozano takes his place to provide fresh legs for Espanyol.,0

Zidane makes his first change, swapping one experienced midfielder for another as Kroos makes way for Modric.,0

Mendy goes in with a very clumsy challenge on Gomez, missing the ball completely and taking the wide-man's legs out. A clear yellow card offence.,2

GOAL! Real Madrid take the lead! Varane, of all people, is played through on the left side of the box after a corner is cleared and the centre-half guides a confident effort into the bottom-right corner on his weaker left foot! It's 1-0 to Madrid!,1

Vinicius runs through on goal down the left side of the box and Diego Lopez comes out to claim the ball ahead of the Brazilian, sending him and an Espanyol defender tumbling to the turf. The referee deems the young winger guilty of a foul on the goalkeeper, and books him. That seems a harsh decision.,2

Granero, one of Espanyol's former Real Madrid players, is booked for a late challenge on Kroos, catching the top of the German's foot with his studs.,2

Gordon has scored the only goal and is now coming off. Howe's trusted man, Ritchie, comes on for the final few minutes.,0

Livramento rushes down the left and gets the wrong side of Antony, who slides him to the floor and is shown a yellow card.,2

Dubravka is picked ahead of Karius to replace Pope in goal. He has four minutes plus additional time to keep a clean sheet.,0

United have struggled in this match, but it has not affected the performance of Mainoo, who has completed 92.3 per cent of his 39 passes. He is coming off for Amrabat.,0

United make another two substitutes. There is a change at full-back, with Reguilon coming on for Wan-Bissaka.,0

Maguire has been one of United's better players in this match but goes into the book for a late slide tackle on Gordon.,2

Ten Hag has seen enough and has decided to make a couple of changes. Martial has been quiet in the attack and is being replaced up front by Hojlund, who is still searching for his first Premier League goal.,0

Rashford has had a game to forget on the wing for United. He has not challenged full-back Livramento and has given him plenty of space to work with. Antony is on in his place.,0

GOALLLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! The hosts have a thoroughly deserved lead - that goal has definitely been coming. Isak finds Guimaraes on the edge of the box, with the midfielder having the awareness to slide the ball down the right side of the box to Trippier. His low first-time cross is met by Gordon, who has a simple finish from close range.,1

Southampton respond by making a substitution of their own, with Ings coming off and he has been replaced by Obafemi.,0

Here is the enforced change for Spurs, with Kane limping off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lamela.,0

Ward-Prowse lunges at Lo Celso, stopping the midfielder from sprinting past him and into the Saints final third. He is the latest player to be booked.,2

Another booking now, this time for Aurier after he fouls Long down the left wing and hands Southampton a free-kick in a good position.,2

Bednarek is the latest player to be booked after tugging the shirt of Kane as the striker broke in-behind.,2

A yellow card is shown to Sissoko for his high and late challenge on Ings, as the striker flicked the ball past him on the halfway line.,2

Southampton have made their first substitution of the game, with Djenepo coming off and he has been replaced by Long.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Lo Celso, after he tries to get the referee to show a yellow card to a Saints player after a foul.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Ings opens the scoring and Southampton lead 1-0! The striker produces a wonderful flick over Alderweireld, sending the defender the wrong way and Ings then volleys the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net. Gazzaniga was rooted to the spot, he had no chance of saving that.,1

LEWANDOWSKI!!! 5-2! He's got another one! That is goal number 19 of the season for the Pole, who is in the right place at the right time to volley home Muller's precise cross.,1

LEWANDOWSKI... YOU KNOW THE REST!!! 4-2 Bayern! The Bundesliga's top scorer steps up to the spot and calmly sends Dahmen the wrong way.,1

SULE!!! 3-2 BAYERN! The turnaround is officially complete courtesy of an unlikely source. The ball drops kindly for the centre-half following a corner for the hosts, and his volley takes a slight deflection before nestling in the far corner.,1

SANE!!! 2-2! There is no denying him this time! Picking the ball up on the corner of the penalty area, the former Manchester City winger comes inside before powerful sweeping it into the bottom corner. Shades of Lionel Messi there; he would have been proud of that one!,1

KIMMICH!!! 2-1! Bayern pull one back! After initially sending the ball into the box, Kimmich arrives at the far post to head home after Lewandowski helped on Gnabry's cross.,1

HACK!!! 2-0 TO MAINZ! The visitors double their lead and you can't say they don't deserve it. The defender arrives at the far post to firmly plant Brosinski's free-kick past Neuer.,1

BURKARDT!!! 1-0 MAINZ! Following a good spell of pressure, the visitors take the lead and Bayern are not happy! A shoulder barge on Boateng allows Burkardt to race onto Latza's long ball over the top of the defence. He then shows tremendous composure to fire past Neuer and put his side in front.,1

Milla is shown a second yellow card and is sent off after angrily protesting the referee's decision to award a free-kick against him.,3

GOALL! HAZARD! 2-1. Madrid have turned it around! Alaba releases Hazard with a superb curling pass down the line and Werner rushes out of his goal. Hazard calmly rounds the goalkeeper on the edge of the box, before slotting a precise finish into the net from a tight angle from outside the box!,1

GOALL! ISCO! 1-1. Madrid equalise with 10 men! Casemiro drives to the byline and cuts it back to Ceballos. The attacker drills an effort at goal that flicks off Isco before rolling past a helpless Werner!,1

GOALLL! VERDU! 1-0. Elche take the lead. Marcelo's red card results in a free-kick for the hosts on the edge of the box. Verdu steps up and hits the initial set-piece into the wall, before slamming the rebound into a crowd of bodies where it deflects off Casemiro to wrong-foot Lunin and roll into the bottom corner!,1

RED CARD! Marcelo is sent off. Elche hit Madrid on the break again as Mojica slips Morente clean through! Marcelo manages to trip the attacker before he can reach the box and the referee shows no hesitation in showing a red card.,3

Kroos trips Raul Guti as a Madrid move grinds to a halt. The Madrid midfielder protests so furiously to the referee that he earns himself a yellow card.,2

Madrid look to take the pressure up a notch with a double substitution. The first sees Camavinga depart for Casemiro.,0

After a typically industrious display, Lucas is replaced by Gil, who gets just another brief cameo in a Spurs shirt.,0

Smith is switching shape in pursuit of an equaliser, as Hause is withdrawn from the Villa defence and Traore is brought on to bolster the attack.,0

Ndombele's contribution is warmly applauded by most of the stadium, as he comes off to be replaced by Lo Celso.,0

Ramsey is replaced in the Villa midfield by Buendia, who has 20 minutes or so to make the difference.,0

Romero finds himself booked for protesting about a supposed infringement in the build-up to Villa's equaliser.,2

VILLA ARE LEVEL! Watkins demonstrates his renowned predatory instincts, as he slides in ahead of Lloris to connect with a low Targett cross from the left and prod the ball into the net. Ings was instrumental in the build-up. The Villans are back on equal terms at 1-1!,1

Skipp is booked for a foul on Ings high up on the right wing, a clear yellow card for the young midfielder.,2

Ramsey is booked for his crude tackle on Kane, which gives Spurs a free-kick 10 yards outside the area in a central position.,2

SPURS LEAD! Having been gifted the ball on the halfway line, Spurs run directly at the static visiting back three, and Son lays the ball on for Hojbjerg to calmly slot into the bottom-right corner of the net. An excellent finish, which makes it Spurs 1-0 Villa!,1

Kurzawa is booked for a foul on Emond, hooking his boot around the ankle. Nantes will have one last chance to swing a free-kick in.,2

Traore is booked for a foul. The PSG players weren't happy about it, immediately converging on the referee.,2

GOOOAAL! Nantes are back in it, Simon with a goal out of nowhere! Verratti fires a pass back towards Kimpembe at the halfway line, and the defender's attempted flick to Kehrer scuffs into the path of the Nantes forward. He carries it into the area, holding off the pair of defenders before moving onto his left foot and sweeping the ball around Navas.,1

GOAL! 2-0 PSG, Kehrer gets his name on the scoresheet! It's an excellent corner from Di Maria, an inswinger from the right. Kehrer meets it at the edge of the six-yard box, flicking a header into the side netting at the far post.,1

Bamba tries to inject some energy into proceedings with a burst down the left, but Verratti fouls Blas to kill the attack in the centre of the park and gets a yellow.,2

GOOAALL! PSG make the breakthrough, it's Icardi! Sarabia and Mbappe combine down the left, Mbappe winning himself a yard of space before pulling the ball back to the edge of the six-yard box, where Di Maria strokes home a simple finish. He celebrates but the goal is eventually given to Icardi, after it took a slight touch off his leg on the way in. That'll be a topic of discussion in the changing room.,1

Arsenal loanee Torreira has been in the gossip pages this week. There has been talk the Gunners want to recall him and send him back out on loan somewhere he'll get more first-time minutes. He'll get five of them here tonight, as he replaces Lemar.,0

GOAL! Correa makes it 3-1, that might just do it! It's an incisive move from Atletico down the right. Llorente is played in behind and he carries the ball forward, drifts into the penalty area and pulls it back for a tap-in for the substitute.,1

Joao Felix goes off after an excellent performance. A goal and an assist for him tonight. Correa comes on.,0

GOAL! 2-1 ATLETICO, VINTAGE LUIS SUAREZ! Felix recieves the ball in space on the left touchline and drives infield, laying the ball off for Suarez at the corner of the area. He gets to the edge of the six-yard box and, while the angle looks to be tight, slips the ball calmly around Domenech and in off the far post. The perfect finish.,1

It's getting a bit testy now. Vrsaljko is shown the first yellow card of the night for elbowing Vallejo as they contested a high ball in the centre circle.,2

GOAL! 1-1, Joao Felix turns home! It's a goal from a corner and Lemar must get credit for an excellent delivery. He fires in a superb inswinging corner towards the back post, and the Portuguese starlet is just able to hold off Correia and stab the ball in with the bottom of his boot. Domenech gets a touch but can't keep it out.,1

WHAT A GOAL! 1-0 VALENCIA, RACIC WITH A STUNNER! It comes out of nowhere. Gaya knocks it into his path in a central position some 30 yards out. With nobody closing him down, Racic looks up and wraps his left foot around the ball first time, curling it away from Oblak into the top-right corner. An absolute beauty.,1

Red card! Griezmann jinks past Mbemba and it looks - for a moment - as though he'll go through on goal at the death. However, Mbemba cynically trips him over and the referee immediately shows him a straight red card! The defender could have no complaints after preventing such a clear goalscoring chance.,3

Felipe clumsily bundles Otavio over on the edge of the box and is shown a yellow card. This set-piece is in a prime position for the visitors.,2

Atletico make a triple substitution - Simeone is clearly unhappy with their performance. The first change sees Koke make way for Correa.,0

Uribe's late challenge on Koke results in a yellow card and a promising free-kick 30 yards from goal for the hosts. ,2

Diego Simeone clearly isn't happy with his side's display so far and he makes an early substitution: Lemar departs with De Paul taking his place in midfield.     ,0

Savic receives a yellow for dissent after appealing to the referee when De Paul was given his marching orders.,2

DE PAUL IS SENT OFF! The Atletico midfielder makes a late challenge in the middle as Celtic look to break away, and the referee shows him his second yellow of the game, resulting in a red card.,3

Simeone makes a change in attack as Correa comes on in place of Morata, who scored the equaliser for Atletico to make it 2-2.,0

Taylor makes a late challenge on Llorente as Atletico looked to attack and the referee rightfully brandishes a card.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! 2-2!! Atletico equalise! Llorente bursts down the right-hand side and ignores the run of Molina before playing a teasing cross towards the back post. Morata is there to meet it and produces a fantastic diving header which loops into the far corner and into the back of the net. It’s exactly the response that Simeone would have wanted in the second half!,1

Simeone brings on Riquelme at the break with Saul coming off. The Atletico manager had to change something after the poor showing in the first half.,0

Galan makes a rough challenge in the middle of the pitch and then decides to kick the ball away in frustration, giving the referee no choice but to issue a card.,2

De Paul is the latest player to go into the book. The Atletico midfielder appealed for a penalty with a bit too much aggression for the referee's liking.,2

GOOOAAAALLL!!! 2-1 Celtic!! Maeda bursts down the left-hand side after a fantastic pass finds him beyond the Atletico defence. His cross evades everyone except Palma who is waiting at the back post, and the Celtic forward takes one touch before drilling it off the post and in! A superb finish and the Scottish side are back in front!,1

GOOOOAAAALL!! 1-1! Atletico equalise! Griezmann took a deep breath and looked to place his penalty in the bottom corner, but Hart makes a strong save to deny him. However, the ball falls straight back into the path of Griezmann who dispatches into the empty net. A truly unfortunate moment for the Celtic keeper!,1

Hatate has suffered an early injury and Rodgers is forced into a change, with Bernardo coming on in his place.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 CELTIC!!! It’s a dream start for the Scottish side! Kyogo drifts into the box and looks to play a one-two with O’Riley. The former receives the ball inside the penalty area and finds himself one-on-one with Oblak between the sticks, and the Celtic forward pokes the ball beyond the goalkeeper and into the back of the net!,1

RED CARD! Nacho appeared to have stomped on Van de Beek in the aftermath of that challenge and the Spaniard is sent off by the referee!,3

Nacho drags Van de Beek to the floor down the right wing as the midfielder looked to break and the defender picks up a yellow card. Free-kick Ajax.,2

The hosts make their final change as Valverde comes on to replace Casemiro with only a few minutes left to play.,0

It is a double change for the away side as Dolberg comes on to replace Neres. The Brazilian has been a threat this evening and scored Ajax’s second goal.,0

Ajax make their first change of the game as Schone, the scorer of the fourth goal, is replaced by De Wit. Just over 15 minutes to go.,0

WHAT A GOAL! Schone scores another for Ajax and what a goal it was! The visitors won a free-kick just inside from the left wing after Casemiro brought down Tadic, and Schone completely fools Courtois as the midfielder sends the free-kick over the head of the Belgian and into the top right corner. That was sublime. 4-1.,1

GOAL! Madrid pull one back through Asensio! Reguilon gets away down the left flank and spots Asensio in acres on space on the left side of the penalty area. After receiving the ball, the Spaniard strokes his first-time effort into the bottom right corner and beyond Onana. 3-1.,1

GOAL! Tadic makes it three! The Serbian finds space inside the Real Madrid box and beautifully bends the ball into the top left corner of the net after being found by Van de Beek. After going to VAR, the goal is given after the ball was ruled to not have gone out of play earlier in the move.,1

Madrid are forced into yet another substitution as Vinicius is unable to continue following that earlier injury. Asensio comes on to replace the Brazilian.,0

Neres picks the ball up in a dangerous area down the left flank before being cynically fouled by Carvajal who receives a yellow card.,2

The injured Vazquez is replaced by Bale as Madrid are forced into making their first change of the game.,0

Mazraoui is the first player to go into the book for a late challenge on Vinicius as the Brazilian looked to launch a quick counter-attack down the left.,2

GOAL! Ajax have doubled their lead through Neres! Tadic does superbly well to spin away from Casemiro before driving towards the penalty area. The Serbian spots the run of Neres to his right and slots the ball into the Brazilian who calmly dinks the ball over Courtois and into the net. 2-0.,1

GOAL! Ziyech gives Ajax the lead on the night! Kroos loses the ball down the right wing and Tadic drives towards the edge of the area before pulling the ball back for Ziyech. From the edge of the box, the Moroccan finds the bottom left corner of the net. 1-0.,1

Icardi makes it 4-1! A swift breakaway is led by Di Maria, who slides a neat pass into Mbappe. The youngster does not even break his stride as he threads a cross into Icardi, who is presented with a simple tap-in for his second Ligue 1 goal.,1

Mbappe is back, and back among the goals! Moments after he had a sighter blocked by Dante, PSG’s forward slots home on the rebound after Di Maria’s cross was blocked. It is 3-1 to PSG, and surely that's game over!,1

The home fans aren’t happy with the referee, who decides Kimpembe flailing an arm out at Dolberg is only worthy of a booking. Given Herelle was just sent off for what seemed a much softer wave of the hand, it is perhaps not surprising that the Nice fans are voicing their displeasure.,2

Surely now, Nice have nothing to lose? They may be down to nine men but, for the time being at least – since PSG are readying Mbappe – they are in this game. Their goalscorer Ganago has made way, with Tameze coming on.,0

Another Nice player sees red! My word, it is all going so wrong so quickly for Nice. While the official was giving Cyprien his marching orders, Herelle ran over to protest that it was actually Paredes that committed the initial foul. He then tapped the PSG midfielder on the face, but it was no more than a brush with his palm. The former Zenit man hit the deck, clearly feigning pain, yet the referee – with the help of VAR – has deemed the offence worthy of a red card.,3

Cyprien has been sent off! Nice’s midfielder was clearly pushed by Paredes, but the official waved play on. Cyprien waved his arm and shouted at the referee briefly, though swiftly got on with the game and in no way moved towards any opponent. However, the official was having none of it and presumably hands the midfielder his second booking for dissent. It seems harsh!,3

GOAL! Nice are right back in it, as Ganago makes it 2-1! Marquinhos slips as he is attempting to control a cross, foolishly so. Dolberg pounces, nipping in to tee up Ganago, who drills a first-time finish in off the bar. Game on!,1

Well any hope of seeing both Mbappe and Cavani return to action today is now over, with Choupo-Moting having made way for Kurzawa, who is a left-back by trade. Perhaps PSG will change shape to a three-man defence, or the former Monaco man may simply play down the left wing.,0

One change for PSG at the break. Silva is off, with Marquinhos – a more than able deputy - coming on in place of the captain. The former Roma defender will take the armband for the second half.,0

No more chances for Cyprien. He was fortunate not to get booked earlier for a tackle on Sarabia but now he has received a caution, having barged into the Spaniard once more.,2

GOAL! It is 2-0 to PSG and what a finish that is from Di Maria! Well, who needs Neymar when you have a man in such sensational form as the former Real Madrid star is right now? The winger raced onto Meunier’s pass and – from the cutest of angles – lifted a sublime first-time finish over Benitez.,1

GOAL! Di Maria makes it 1-0 to PSG! The warning signs had been there for Nice earlier and now a rash decision from Dante has gifted the visitors the lead. The experienced defender foolishly elected to dive in and try and win the ball ahead of Icardi, who simply turned a first-time pass through to his compatriot. Di Maria burst clear and, with just Benitez to beat, curled a neat finish into the bottom-left corner.,1

Newcastle turn to their bench again as Wilson makes way to huge applause from the home crowd. Wood comes on to replace him for these final few minutes.,0

Fulham make a triple change after that goal. Vinicius comes on up front in the place of defender Diop.,0

GOOAAAAALLLL!!!! NEWCASTLE LEAD LATE ON!! 1-0! Howe's attacking changes have worked and Isak has the late goal for Newcastle. It is crossed in from Longstaff and Wilson gets the header on goal. It bounces off the back of Adarabioyo and straight back to Wilson. The Englishman gets his head up and simply lifts the ball across the six-yard box for Isak to head home.,1

Pereira commits a cynical foul on Wilson with the forward breaking forward and goes into the book as well.,2

Joelinton is fouled on the edge of the box after some fantastic footwork. Ream is booked for his challenge.,2

Kurzawa blatantly tugs back Almiron's shirt after he had spun the Fulham left-back. The Frenchman receives the first yellow card of the game.,2

Guimaraes went off in tears after that first half and he is unable to continue. Saint-Maximin comes on in his place.,0

Mirante, who didn't even make it onto the pitch in the game, rushed onto the field to lead the protests to the referee after the late penalty Milan wanted wasn't awarded. He crossed a line though, and is shown a straight red card for dissent.,3

Ederson has his arms all over Pulisic as he drags the American to the ground to stop the run. The referee goes straight to his pocket for the yellow card.,2

Atalanta's final change is a double one to add a bit of freshness to see out the game. Scalvini is replaced by Hien.,0

Leao's cross hits Scalvini's arm, and the referee tries to play the advantage as it bounces back to Musah. Leao isn't happy with that and makes his frustration known. He does get the free-kick, as well as a booking for dissent.,2

Milan are making another double change now, and it's an attacking one. Loftus-Cheek is taken off for Giroud.,0

Milan are making a double change in response to going behind. Calabria is taken off, with Simic on in his place.,0

KOOPMEINERS SCORES! Atalanta take the lead for the first time in this game! It's a confident penalty from the Dutchman, who sends Maignan the wrong way. He hits his shot low into the bottom left corner, and Maignan can only watch as the net ripples behind him. 2-1 Atalanta!,1

Hernandez isn't happy with that penalty decision, and he's making that known to the referee. The complaints last too long though, and he's booked for dissent.,2

KOOPMEINERS EQUALISES! And just like that, we're all square once more! Atalanta don't hang about from the restart, working it neatly down their right where Holm pulls it back to the edge of the box. Miranchuk is also waiting for the visitors, but Koopmeiners is just in front of him to drill his low shot past Maignan. 1-1!,1

LEAO SCORES! Milan have the breakthrough! The attack starts with Maignan, and the hosts quickly pass their way through Atalanta into the final third. Hernandez gets forward this time to square it in from the left, and Leao strikes it first time, hitting it sweetly across goal and into the far side of the net. 1-0 Milan!,1

Gabbia has an icepack being held to his neck, and he isn't going to be able to carry on. That's another defensive injury for Pioli to worry about as Kjaer replaces him.,0

Unnecessary scenes at the end of the game saw Maitland-Niles clash with some Valencia players, and a fracas builds up on the pitch. The Arsenal youngster has received a booking after the whistle has gone, but he will likely not mind too much.,2

WHAT A GOAL! AUBAMEYANG GETS HIS HAT-TRICK! That was absolutely sublime from Arsenal! They worked a patient move down the right, Aubameyang exchanging a number of passes with Guendouzi before dummying it for Mkhitaryan, whose throughball is perfectly weighted for the former Borussia Dortmund man to slam home high into the net. It's 4-2 on the night, and 7-3 on aggregate.,1

Arsenal have been forced into another change, with Kolasinac hobbling off. Mustafi comes on, to a warm round of applause from the Valencia fans.,0

GOAL! 3-2 TO ARSENAL! Surely, that’s the game all over now. Maitland-Niles sends in a low cross, and Aubameyang is on hand at the front post to prod in and make it 6-3 on aggregate to the Gunners. Clinical!,1

A first Arsenal substitution now sees Ozil – who puts a finger to his lips to silence the angry Valencia faithful – replaced by Mkhitaryan.,0

GOAL! IT’S 2-2! It’s 5-3 on aggregate now, as Gameiro bundles in after initially blocking Wass’ shot. Cech tried his best to get there, but the Frenchman managed to flick it beyond Arsenal’s goalkeeper.,1

GOOOAAAALLL!! LACAZETTE MAKES IT 2-1 TO ARSENAL! That really could be the tie over now! Valencia’s defence parted in front of Torreira following Gaya’s slack touch. The midfielder quickly picked his head up and found Lacazette who, after controlling it expertly, spun clear of two defenders and slammed home into the bottom-right corner.,1

The first booking of the game goes Garay’s way, after he scythed down Lacazette. The Argentine is complaining about that decision, but the replays have shown it was a poor tackle.,2

GOAL! AUBAMEYANG MAKES IT 1-1! Well, just as it looked as though Arsenal would get overrun, Emery’s side have sprung to life and delivered what could be a hammer blow to Valencia’s hopes. Lacazette sent a lovely cushioned pass through to Aubameyang, and he made no mistake with an unerring first-time finish on the half-volley.,1

VALENCIA GOAL! IT’S 1-0! The hosts are right back in this tie now, and could we be in for another comeback? Rodrigo gets away from his marker and slides a great cross into the six-yard box, where four-time Europa League winner Gameiro is on hand to tuck home.,1

GOAL! BORUSSIA DORTMUND 3-0 COPENHAGEN! Bellingham caps a great performance by sealing the win for Dortmund! Reyna finds Bellingham's burst into the box by squaring the ball for him, and the teenager side-foots it confidently into the net.,1

Dortmund will make another substitution actually. The 17-year-old Moukoko replaces the 34-year-old Modeste up front.,0

Lerager picks up a yellow card for another poor challenge on Bellingham. He's been key for Copenhagen but he'll have to be careful now.,2

Copenhagen make their first substitution. The quiet Daramy goes off. The Icelandic midfielder Haraldsson comes on.,0

GOAL! BORUSSIA DORTMUND 2-0 COPENHAGEN! Dortmund have cruised into a two-goal lead! Reus nods the ball forward for Guerreiro, who evades a challenge and finds Reyna to his left, luring Ryan off his line. Reyna returns it to the left-back, who slots into the empty net.,1

GOAL! BORUSSIA DORTMUND 1-0 COPENHAGEN! It's a beautiful goal by Reus! Sule drives forward with the ball and finds Brandt to his right. Brandt passes inside to Reus who takes a touch, drags the ball back inside, and fires into the bottom right corner.,1

Khocholava slides in from behind on Modeste, who's beaten the Georgian to the ball. That'll be a yellow card for the Copenhagen centre-back.,2

Meyer is forced off due to the severity of the challenge and is replaced by Tosun, who makes his Palace debut.,0

OFF! Aubemeyang is sent off for a tackle on Meyer. He sticks out a leg and catches Meyer on the ankle with his studs. He receives a yellow card initially from the referee, but VAR overturns the decision and turns it into a red card. ,3

Pepe goes into the book for sticking his boot out at McCarthy on the deck after the two had been involved in a challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! AUBAMEYANG SCORES!!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The Gunners cut open the Palace defence and Aubameyang slots a low strike into the bottom-right corner to beat Guaita. Arsenal use the ball well in possession before Lacazette slides a throughball into the box for the run of his team-mate. Aubameyang takes a sublime first touch before burying his effort into the back of the net on his right foot.,1

After spending similar amounts of time in the penalty area and on the floor, Felix is replaced by Hermoso.,0

GOOOALLLL!!!! A STUNNING EFFORT FROM SAUL! There are a series of one-touch passes in the final third with Correa eventually slotting Saul in behind the defence, and he waited for Herrera to come of his line before coolly chipping the ball into the back of the net! Atletico Madrid 2-0 Osasuna,1

It's a double change for Osasuna with Castro also coming on. Oier Sanjurjo is the player to make way.,0

GOOALLLL!!!! Atleti take the lead! From the set-piece, Trippier whipped in a cross to Morata who was mysteriously in loads of space, and headed the ball down and past Herrera to open the scoring! Atletico Madrid 1-0 Osasuna,1

Lemar played well in the first half, but finds himself the first casualty of the second as Simeone opts to bring Correa on.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CASEMIRO GETS A SECOND GOAL!!!!! 4-3!!!! United score a third as Casemiro is in the right place at the right time to guide Fernandes' blast from the left flank into the back of the net. There's not much time left for United, but they haven't given up.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! TEL NOTCHES BAYERN'S FOURTH!!!!! 4-2!!!! The home side end the game as Tel blasts an effort past Onana from close range. Kimmich floats a ball over the top that Tel takes in stride and hammers past Onana before the keeper can react. Game over.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CASEMIRO GETS ANOTHER ONE BACK FOR UNITED!!!!! 3-2!!!! Casemiro produces a great finish on the floor to scoop a low strike into the net to give United hope. Rashford and Martial combine to find the Brazilian in the box. He falls down as he tries to guide a strike towards goal, but it falls kindly for him to shoot on the deck and he connects with his left foot to beat Ulreich.,1

Martinez clatters into Kane on the sideline and then is involved in a little bit of afters with Goretzka. He gets booked for his part in the melee.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KANE CONVERTS THE SPOT-KICK!!!! 3-1 BAYERN!!!! The hosts restore their two-goal advantage as Kane holds his nerve from 12 yards. He buries his right-footed strike low and hard into the bottom-left corner giving Onana no chance.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! HOJLUND GETS HIS FIRST UNITED GOAL!!!!!! 2-1!!!!! United are back in the game as Hojlund's strike is deflected past Ulreich. Rashford breaks into the box and squares the ball back to the forward. He takes aim on his left foot and it deflects off Kim and squirms under the Bayern keeper to find the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! GNABRY MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!!!!! The hosts double their advantage as Gnabry places a left-footed strike into the bottom-right corner. Musiala causes havoc down the left flank with a surge into the box. He gets the better of Dalot before he picks out an unmarked Gnabry, who buries the opportunity.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ONANA SPILLS SANE'S SHOT INTO THE NET!!!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!!! The home side receive a gift from Onana as he spills Sane's tame strike into the back of the net. The winger cuts inside to play a one-two with Kane before firing at goal on his left foot. The effort is tame and should be saved, but Onana turns the ball into his own net. A nightmare for the United keeper.,1

GOAL! Broja strikes to make it 3-0 to Chelsea. The Albanian received the ball at the edge of the box, got the ball out of his feet and unleashed a superb and accurate effort from distance to beat Sa.,1

GOAL! Chelsea make it 2-0 through Pulisic. They break superbly before the American comes off the left side, performs a nice give-and-go with Mount and then finishes neatly from a tight angle.,1

GOAL! Havertz has put Chelsea 1-0 up. The German was the man to provide the finish - a looping header - after a superb cross from the right flank from Mount.,1

Final change of the game now as Lampard tries to run down the clock a little bit. Pedro is the one making way for Lamptey.,0

HULL PULL ONE BACK! Grosicki steps up to take the free-kick and it's not the best strike. Kovacic jumps out on the edge of the wall and it takes a big deflection off him which takes it curling past Caballero and past Caballero into the far side of the net. 2-1! ,1

CHELSEA HAVE A SECOND GOAL! It's a wonderful free-kick from Barkley that floats over all the players in the box towards the far post. Tomori's run isn't picked up and he sends his shot under Long's outstretched arm and into the back of the net. 2-0 Chelsea!,1

McCann makes the first change of the game and he's using it to bring on more experience. Grosicki comes on to replace Wilks down the left.,0

CHELSEA TAKE THE LEAD! It's their first attack of the game and they've scored from it! It looks like Azpilicueta has overhit his cross, but Mount reaches it. His header is blocked and falls to Batshuayi, whose shot takes a big deflection off Tafazolli which takes it over Long and into the net. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

After a series of desperate challenges in midfield, Skipp is called to the referee to receive a late booking for felling Townsend.,2

Gray has intermittently threatened in the final third, but Gbamin is now thrown on by Benitez to make up for Holgate's enforced absence.,0

After a quick check on the pitchside monitor, the referee upgrades Holgate's yellow card to a red, for his terrible follow-through on Ben Davies.,3

After enduring a difficult day, Son comes off and Conte offers Ndombele a chance to change the game in the final few minutes.,0

Lucas has put in his customary shift, without making a major impact, but is now replaced by Lo Celso.,0

Though he has been influential in the second half particularly, Reguilon now comes off and Doherty is brought on by Conte.,0

For his involvement in an unseemly head-to-head challenge with Romero, Richarlison is booked by the referee.,2

Having spent a lot of time out injured, Delph is withdrawn on the hour mark, and Tom Davies is brought on in the Everton midfield.,0

Though his lunging challenge helps him divert the ball, Delph also makes substantial contact with Lucas, so is shown a yellow card.,2

Reguilon receives the game's first booking, for a mistimed challenge on Townsend near the halfway line.,2

Youri Tielemans - something of an unsung performer in the middle for Leicester today - is off in the Foxes' latest change, with Hamza Choudhury on for the final few minutes here. ,0

Ross Barkley is off for Villa now, with less of a frustrated outburst this week, and Jacob Ramsey takes his place for the hosts.,0

Barnes puts a spark back into the match with a neat run through the middle, one where Elmohamady catches him with a hasty challenge and gets booked. Maddison will take the free-kick.,2

Barnes looks to make an immediate response for Leicester, tearing away himself on the left flank. Douglas Luiz cuts him down and gets penalised for it with a yellow card. Maddison turns the subsequent free-kick in; it beats everyone and skips out at the right post.,2

GOAL! BERTRAND TRAORE PULLS ONE BACK FOR ASTON VILLA! 2-1! That is just the start that the hosts would want! Leicester have been slow out of the blocks from the restart and are exposed with a lovely run down the left flank. The delivery tipped in by El Ghazi is tapped to the side by McGinn, attempting to pull it in himself and instead his partner manages to hack a finish home past Schmeichel. Game on!,1

Ndidi picks up the first booking of the game after a particularly messy attempt to halt McGinn as the latter looked to engineer a counter-attack.,2

GOAL! HARVEY BARNES MAKES IT TWO FOR LEICESTER CITY! 2-0! It is a poacher's goal for the youngster, but he will not mind. The ball bounces into the box, Villa fail to clear and Vardy rifles a finish in. Martinez stops and spills it - right into the bath of the midfielder, who pounces and lashes it into the top of the net.,1

GOAL! JAMES MADDISON SLIPS LEICESTER CITY INTO THE LEAD! 1-0! That is a wonderfully composed finish from the Foxes. They come forward, Barnes holds it up on the edge of the box and side-foots it to his fellow midfielder, who tucks his shot just around the last defender and in off the right post to beat Martinez. A quality goal for the visitors.,1

MORATA MAKES IT TWO! 2-0! That could very well be the game for Atletico as they spark a free-flowing counter-attack that puts the substitute one-on-one with Blanco. He steps around the keeper and, not without some effort, pokes the ball into the top-left corner.,1

Griezmann tangles with Olaza in the Celta box, both lunging for the ball, and the former fouls the latter. He gets a yellow card as a result.,2

Juanfran is handed a yellow card for a shirt pull, though Celta make nothing immediately of their possession.,2

GRIEZMANN OPENS THE SCORING FOR ATLETICO! 1-0! The striker curls a beautiful free-kick through a sudden gap in the shifting Celta defensive wall and nestles it into the top-left corner. Pure class from the Frenchman.,1

Juanfran is brought down on the right wing by Boudebouz and the latter is shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2

GERVINHO FOR PARMA! 3-3! ABSOLUTE MAGIC FROM THE VISITORS! Juve play themselves into a corner in the box and a cutback falls to the striker who smashes it towards Perin. The keeper gets a hand to it but can't keep it out - we are level at the death in Turin!,1

GERVINHO FOR PARMA! 3-2! There's no shortage of action in this second half as the striker cuts across Rugani at the right post to nudge a lovely low ball from Kucka out on the near wing in at the post. We're back to a one-goal gap.,1

RONALDO GETS A SECOND! 3-1! It's raining goals in Turn – three of them in the space of five minutes! Mandzukic bursts into the right edge of the Parma box and lifts a short, square pass to his fellow striker who tucks a header of his own in at the far post.,1

BARILLA PULLS ONE BACK FOR PARMA! 2-1! Out of nowhere, the visitors strike back! Kucka sends himself away down the right wing and finds the midfielder with the perfect pass in the box to put a powerful header into the bottom-right corner. This game's back on!,1

RUGANI FOR JUVENTUS! 2-0! Parma can't clear the corner at the first attempt and Mandzukic pokes a square cross in front of the goal. Ronaldo gets the first header and tips it onto his defender who turns and tucks a dynamite effort into the back of the net.,1

RONALDO FOR JUVENTUS! 1-0! The striker scored against Lazio last weekend and does so again here with a scruffy finish. He meets Matuidi's cross on the left of the box and turns, slipping as he shoots. Sepe's attempted save is poor however and a kind deflection carries it over the keeper and into the bottom-right corner.,1

Scozzarella is handed a yellow card for an intentional hand ball just outside the box, to give Juve a prime free-kick chance.,2

Cavani also sees yellow for his reaction. He could get the last laugh though as Neymar steps up to take the free-kick...,2

There's a delay while Neymar receives treatment. In the meantime Nice bring on Srarfi to replace Burner.,0

Nice make another change. Saint-Maximin, who must be cursing his miss, is replaced up front by Le Bihan.,0

GOAL! 1-1 PSG! Football is a cruel game. Straight from Ganago hitting the bar, Di Maria bursts just into the Nice box and is brought down by Burner. It's a penalty. Neymar steps up, dummies to send Benitez the wrong way, and coolly rolls the ball past him into the net.,1

PSG keep coming forward now as Nice camp all 11 men in their own defensive third. Danilo intercepts a short pass and tries to dribble his way out, but Verratti is booked for scything him down. The referee initially played advantage but Nice promptly lost the ball.,2

GOAL! 1-0 NICE! THEY CAN! From the kick-off Ganago latches onto a sweet pass from Dante from the back, getting between Alves and Marquinhos, and absolutely cannons a first-time half-volley past Areola satisfyingly off the upright. ,1

Martial is next to make way - it's been another decent game for him. Ighalo comes off the bench to make his home debut for United.,0

There's a raft of substitutions now as both teams know this game is essentially done. United go first as Fred makes way for McTominay.,0

GOAL! 3-0 UNITED! Greenwood grabs his goal! Greenwood nicks the ball off Hughes, sends Capoue for an ice cream and lays out wide right to Fernandes. Fernandes returns the favour to Greenwood, who smashes the ball into the top-left corner. He's becoming some player already.,1

Cathcart receives a yellow card for bringing down Martial as the Frenchman ran towards goal. It's an obvious decision.,2

GOAL! 2-0 UNITED! Martial scores a lovely goal! The Frenchman bursts into Watford's box and forces a save from Foster first. The save loops up nicely for Martial again, who dinks into the net at the near post after a clever turn.,1

GOAL! 1-0 UNITED! Fernandes steps up to take the spot-kick. The Portuguese midfielder calmly sends Foster the wrong way and slots the ball to the keeper's right. That's his first goal for United.,1

GOALLL! INTER TAKE THE LEAD AGAIN! What a brilliant header from Martinez as the Argentine heads Sanchez's cross back across the goal into the far corner giving Sirigu no chance. That is a world class finish and makes it 14 goals in the league for Martinez.,1

Inter make their third substitution as Sanchez replaces Brozovic in the hope of a late winner here in Turin.,0

GOALLL! SANABRIA EQUALISES! Torino have found an equaliser from a corner that caused havoc in Inter's penalty area. Sanabria reacted quickest and he tucks the ball into the bottom left corner. Skriniar was appealing for a foul after he felt he was pushed in the back but VAR gives the goal! 1-1.,1

GOALLLL! LUKAKU MAKES IT 1-0 INTER! Top scorer Lukaku gives the away side the lead with his 19th goal of the Serie A season. Torino's hard work has been undone by a mistake from Izzo.,1

Eriksen replaces Gagliardini in midfield to offer more creativity for the away side as Conte makes his second change of the match.,0

GOAL!!! Johnson does it again to make it 2-2! Doucoure sloppily gives the ball away, and Forest charge forward. Johnson lays it to his right for Yates, before the substitute plays it back to him. The forward takes a touch, before expertly picking out the top left corner to level for the hosts!,1

Cooper decides to make a triple substitution, with the first of those seeing him introduce Yates for Colback.,0

There is a brief confrontation between the two sets of players after a couple of heavy challenges, for which Gibbs-White receives a booking.,2

Godfrey receives the first booking of the contest after a heavy challenge on Johnson near the touchline.,2

GOAL!!! Everton retake the lead through Doucoure! A long free-kick from Pickford is not dealt with, as Tarkowski heads it into the Forest box. Keane manages to flick it on again, and Doucoure is there to nod it past Navas and into the back of the net. 2-1 to the Toffees!,1

GOAL!!! Forest are level! Gibbs-White plays a clever one-two with Wood, giving him space to let fly at goal. Though Pickford is able to prevent Gibbs-White's effort going in, he inadvertently palms the ball straight to Johnson, who fires the rebound into the bottom right corner to make it 1-1!,1

GOAL!!! Gray steps up, before coolly stroking his penalty into the right of the goal, sending Navas the wrong way. The Toffees lead 1-0!,1

GAME OVER 3-1 Bayern!!!! Robben finally grabs the third for the home side and it was very simple. A throw-in from the right was not dealt with by Hoffenheim and Robben latches onto a through ball to thump it home!,1

GOAALLL Bayern 2-1 Hoffenheim. Finally the goal is confirmed but it is Lewandowski that gets on the scoresheet. The striker missed his first attempt and he uses another staggered approach but goes the opposite way to score.,1

Vogt limps off and Nordtveit will have 16 minutes to try and help Hoffenheim keep the scoreline at 1-1.,0

Kovac is going for this as Martínez is replaced by Goretzka. The former Schalke man is now on for his Bayern debut.,0

GOAAALLL Bayern 1-1 Hoffenheim. The Allianz Arena falls silent as Szalai thumps the ball into the far corner. Some shocking defending from Boateng allows the striker in and he smashes it across goal and past Neuer.,1

The referee now dishes out a yellow card for Schulz for the challenge as Coman is carried around the pitch at the Allianz Arena.,2

GOAAAALLLLLL Bayern 1-0 Hoffenheim. Muller scores the first goal of the new Bundesliga season for Bayern and he may not get an easier one! The corner finds the Germany internatioinal at the near post and he is able to head home while standing still.,1

Elyounoussi cynically drags De Bruyne back - preventing a potential counter-attack. The Southampton substitute is shown a yellow card for the foul.,2

Stuart Armstrong is brought off shortly after picking up the yellow card, with Diallo chosen to see out the game. ,0

Stuart Armstrong is booked immediately after the play is restarted for catching Laporte with a raised boot. The VAR is once again involved to discuss a potential red as the Saints' winger's studs were showing - but again the video assistants agree with the match official and maintain the yellow card. ,2

With under 20 minutes remaining Hasenhuttl makes a change, withdrawing the carded Bednarek and sending on Lyanco. ,0

MANCHESTER CITY EQUALISE! It’s a simple goal as De Bruyne floats a free-kick from the right wing to the far post for Laporte, who loses his man and heads past a sprawling Forster! 1-1!,1

Bednarek slides into a tackle and catches Grealish - which sparks a reaction out of the England international, who is incensed. It’s a free-kick to Manchester City as the referee has a word with both captains, and a yellow card to the centre-back.,2

SOUTHAMPTON TAKE THE LEAD WITH A LOVELY FINISH! It’s a first-ever Premier League goal for Walker-Peters, who gets the move started with a run down the right wing after an inch-perfect Romeu switch of play. The full-back then finds Redmond ahead of him before continuing his run and latching on to the eventual cross with a sweetly hit volley with the outside of his boot! 1-0 Saints!,1

Williams now has no chance of getting his 50th for the club. Off he goes and Aduriz sprints onto the field but he has little time to make an impact.,0

Athletic make another change as Benat replaces Unai Lopez, who was on a yellow card after his earlier foul.,0

Sancet now enters the game as he prepares to make his debut for Athletic. The crowd rise to their feet to greet him as he replaces De Marcos.,0

Pique is the first man in the referee's book after he catches Raul Garcia with his arm as they jump for a header. Athletic now have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! DE LIGT! It's 4-0, a scoreline which is arguably both deserved for Juve and harsh on Lecce. The 10 men are clearly tired as they are slow to get out to a short corner, allowing Costa to send a wicked centre bouncing through the box to De Ligt, who nods in from a couple of yards out.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! HIGUAIN! It's three! The substitute finishes smartly, lifting a shot over Gabriel, but this goal owes so much to Ronaldo for a wonderful assist, carrying the ball from halfway before cutting inside and backheeling through to his strike partner with the aid of a deflection. 3-0!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! Ronaldo makes no mistake! 2-0 Juve! Having won the penalty himself, the forward drills his second spot-kick of the week straight down the middle of the goal.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! DYBALA! There's the opener and it's a beauty! 1-0 Juve! Dybala picks his spot from the edge of the area, lifting a lovely curling left-footed effort past Gabriel into the top-right corner. Juve needed a moment of magic and they have it through their number 10.,1

Lecce make a change at the break, replacing midfielder Petriccione with centre-back Rossettini as they change shape following the red card.,0

Petriccione goes short from a corner and then draws a late challenge from Bentancur, who goes into the book and gives up a free-kick in a dangerous position on the left corner of the box.,2

RED!! Oh dear, oh dear. Lecce have played out from the back smartly, but a poor Lucioni touch proves so costly. He is 40 yards from goal but allows Bentancur to steal in and then go over a hanging leg. The defender is the last man and, despite his protests, is sent off.,3

The home side are making their final change of the match as Malcolm comes off and is replaced by Semedo.,0

The away side make their second substitution of the game as Saiz comes on to replace Foulquier with 15 minutes left to play.,0

Barcelona are forced into making their second change of the match as the injured Coutinho is replaced by Ruiz. It remains 1-0.,0

Barcelona make their first substitution of the match as Alena comes on to replace Rakitic. There are less than 30 minutes left to play.,0

GOAL! Barcelona lead! Following a foul on Roberto, Messi’s free-kick from the right is delivered into the box and flicked on by Pique. Soria got down brilliantly to his right to deny the Spaniard, but Vidal was quickest to react to fire in the rebound. 1-0.,1

Foulquier receives the first yellow card of the match after pulling Coutinho to the floor from behind. He can have no complaints about that one.,2

It's 2-0 to the hosts! Kane plays in Reguilon down the left on the counter and the Spaniard dribbles towards the byline before sending a low delivery across the face of goal, where Son is waiting to tap into an empty net. It's a classy goal and it's a long way back for the Bees now.,1

Chelsea change. Pedro comes on for Willian, who deserves his applause. His experience may yet give Chelsea the three points here.,0

GOAL! 2-1 CHELSEA! William thumps a volley into the ground at the far post and over the despairing Maignan into the net. Lampard pumps his fists in celebration.,1

Andre's day is done for Lille. The 22-year-old Portuguese talent Sanches - formerly of Benfica, Bayern Munich and, er, Swansea City - will replace him in Lille's midfield.,0

That's James' last act of the game. Not a bad debut for the teenager. He's replaced by Hudson-Odoi. Chelsea will change to their more usual 4-3-3.,0

Ikone is next to see yellow for sending Tomori to the deck down the left flank. The Chelsea centre-back isn't afraid to get forward, as his assist showed earlier.,2

GOAL! 1-1 LILLE! Osimhen rises high at the far post above Tomori and Zouma from Bamba's corner and nods the ball into the net! Lille have pulled things level.,1

GOAL! 1-0 CHELSEA! Abraham's got it. Tomori curls an excellent ball into the box over the top of all the Lille defenders. Abraham coolly takes it down and finishes past Maignan.,1

VARDY SCORES! Leicester move the ball upfield quickly and nobody picks up Vardy's run down the left of the box. Under crosses it to him and he heads it into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Leicester!,1

Evans pushes Lacazette into Tielemans when he jumps to head the ball back into the box and is shown a yellow card.,2

Maddison gives the ball away and brings down Lacazette down in his attempts to win it back. He's shown a yellow card.,2

David Luiz has just gone down injured and isn't able to carry on after treatment. Mustafi comes on to replace him.,0

Pellegrini goes into the book for dissent. He has to be ushered away from the referee to avoid a second yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! EN-NESYRI CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 2-0 SEVILLA! Fernando releases Ocampos down the right flank and he skips past the challenge of Ibanez. He sends a low ball across the face of goal for the run of En-Nesyri, with Lopez stranded out of his net. The forward makes no mistake directing his effort first time over the line. The Spanish outfit are in complete control.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!! REGUILON SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 SEVILLA! The Spanish side take the lead courtesy of a super effort from the left back. He takes a sublime touch forward to break into space from Banega's offload. Reguilon surges forward into the box and past Mancini before slotting his effort past Lopez into the net. A fine effort from the Spaniard.,1

Nacho stopped Aspas' attempt at a quick counter but then tugged Tapia back to stop the second. He also goes into the referee's book late on.,2

The yellow card is out again, this time for Tapia, who kicked Carvajal's leg as he tried to stop his run.,2

Rudiger is late getting across to Aspas and steps on the Celta captain's foot. He earns a late yellow card.,2

BELLINGHAM SCORES! Madrid had to wait to take the corner after the injury to De la Torre, but they made it count. It's curled into the middle by Kroos and Joselu tracks back to flick it onto the edge of the six-yard box. Bellingham gets in front of Tapia to nod it past Villar to score for the third game in a row. 1-0 Madrid!,1

De la Torre can't carry on after receiving treatment for what looked like a hamstring problem. Rodriguez is on for him.,0

Aspas' clever footwork catches Kroos out and he sticks out a leg to trip the Celta captain. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Most of the Celta team is crowding around the referee in protest against the penalty decision, but it's Aspas that crosses the line and is booked for dissent.,2

Madrid are making a double change as they try to capitalise on their dominance. Tchouameni is the first to go off, with Modric on for him.,0

Cervi stayed down during that last Celta attack, and he's not going to be able to carry on after treatment. He's replaced by Sanchez.,0

Vinicius makes his way straight to the bench after going off with the medical staff, and Joselu comes on to replace him.,0

Martinez has already had a couple of warnings for time-wasting and after taking too long over another free-kick, he's booked for it.,2

Meslier came a long way out of his box to clear his lines, but scuffed the ball and then ended up with his leg over Coutinho's shoulder in an attempt to make up for it. He can have no arguments with the booking.,2

BAMFORD PULLS ONE BACK! Gnonto has been a bright spark for Leeds in the second half and his hard work pays off. He rolls Young to get on the end of the big switch before carrying it into the box. He gets away from two more defenders to pick out Gelhardy, who helps it onto Bamford, and he fires it past Martinez first time. 2-1!,1

There's another double change for Leeds here as they try to get back into this game. Aaronson is the first to make way, with Gelhardt on for him.,0

Leeds were ready to make this double change before the goal went in and they finally get their chance. Struijk is the first to go off, with Wober coming on for his Premier League debut.,0

BUENDIA SCORES! It's played long to Bailey on the right again, and he weaves past two defenders on the edge of the box before firing a powerful shot at Meslier. He keeps it out, but it knocks him off balance, and Buendia follows in to nod it over him before the flag goes up. VAR checks it and spots he was onside, and it's 2-0 to Villa!,1

Kamara is dawdling on a free-kick and the referee is having none of it. He's booked for time-wasting.,2

It's another injury setback for Villa as Watkins does have to go off and he's also straight down the tunnel. Ings is on for him.,0

The stretcher isn't needed as Digne is able to walk off the pitch himself and he makes his way straight down the tunnel. Moreno comes on to make his Villa debut.,0

BAILEY SCORES! What a start for Villa! Harrison's corner is dealt with by Mings and Young floats it out to Kamara to set the hosts on the counter. He cuts inside, wrongfooting two defenders before laying it off to Bailey, and he checks inside before curling a brilliant effort into the far corner of the net. 1-0 Villa!,1

GOAL! 5-1 now, Suarez gets in on the act! Messi plays him in with another excellent pass, this time down the right after receiving the ball from Suarez in midfield. The forward has been quiet but he times his run perfectly and finishes powerfully, right-footed into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOOOALL! 4-1, Messi has a second! It's simple stuff this time, Rakitic finds him with a good ball over the line of defence and Messi, in behind down the left, controls it with his thigh before hammering a left-footed half-volley across goal into the bottom-right corner.,1

Porro looks to slide a pass in towards Guardiola, who makes a good run in behind but can't beat Pique to it. He then slides in from behind on the defender as he tries to win it back, but it's an ugly challenge and he rightfully sees yellow.,2

Fati's last game as a 16-year-old is over, as he goes off two days before his birthday. Griezmann comes on.,0

Semedo is fouled by Fernandez as he looks to break in behind down the right. He gets a yellow card, and Messi gets another free-kick...,2

GOOALL! 3-1 Barca, a work of art from Messi! Barca win a free-kick 25 or so yards out, to the right of centre and you just know where it's going. Left foot, lovely curl, top-right postage stamp. Trademark. Predictable. Unstoppable.,1

Nacho limps off for Valladolid, and is replaced by Salisu. He looked like he wasn't quite right for a little while.,0

GOOAAL! 2-1 Barca, Vidal scores! The Chilean makes another good run in behind the defence from midfield, and this time Messi finds him with an inch-perfect pass over the top from the right of centre. Vidal finishes well, stretching to toe it inside the right post on the volley.,1

GOAL! VALLADOLID ARE LEVEL! Nacho wins a free-kick to the left of the penalty area from Semedo. Michel's right-footed delivery evades everyone but Ter Stegen sees it late through the crowd. He reacts to get an arm to it but can only direct it straight to Olivas, who prods home from close range.,1

GOOOOOAAL!! Barca go 1-0 up! De Jong skips away down the left and earns Barca a corner. It's taken short and when Messi eventually clips it in Valladolid fail to clear. A ricochet sits up for Lenglet and he slams the ball in off the underside of the bar!,1

The Blades look to counter-attack, and Cash makes a tactical foul to prevent them going through on goal.,2

GOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-1 ASTON VILLA EQUALISE LATE ON! Ramsey carries the ball through the middle and shifts it out wide to Luiz. The Brazilian gets it out of his feet and delivers into the penalty area, and Zaniolo rises above Foderingham who has come off his line, powering a header into the back of the net! Emery’s side finally turn their dominance into a goal!,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! A clever pass finds Hamer who has burst forward from midfield into the box. He turns inside the penalty area, sending McGinn to the ground, before firing a cross into the danger zone. It falls to Archer, who takes aim and smashes it home! He's scored against his former club! Wilder's side have a shock lead!,1

Emery makes another change in attack. Zaniolo enters the fray, with Bailey taking his place on the bench.,0

Wilder looks to mix things up in attack, with McAtee coming off the bench. Slimane is the player to make way.,0

It's an alteration in attack from Wilder, with Hamer entering the fray with Brooks making his way to the bench.,0

Larouci now goes into the book for a foul on Bailey, with Villa having a chance from a free-kick inside the United half.,2

The Blades look to counter with Larouci, but Bailey brings him down inside the Villa half. The referee awards him the first booking of the game.,2

The home side make their final change as Moutinho is replaced by Gibbs-White for the final few minutes of the game.,0

Ozil gets away down the left and drills a low cross into the area which Neves turns behind for a corner. Xhaka overhits this one and Nketiah is able to keep it in down the right for Arsenal before being blocked off by Bennett. The Wolves defender receives a yellow card.,2

Wolves make their second change of the game as Traore comes on to replace Jimenez. There are less than 10 minutes to play.,0

GOAL! Arsenal pull one back! Xhaka swings in a wonderful corner from the left which is nodded into the back of the net by Sokratis from close range. 3-1.   ,1

The hosts make their first substitution of the match as the scorer of the third goal, Jota, is replaced by Cavaleiro.,0

Arsenal make their final change of the game as Iwobi is replaced by Nketiah. There are 20 minutes left to play.,0

Arsenal make their first change of the game as they look to find a way back into the match. Mkhitaryan makes way for Kolasinac.  ,0

GOAL! Jota makes it three! The away side sloppily lose possession their own half and Jota picks up the loose ball before driving towards the Arsenal goal. After skipping away from Sokratis, Jota’s low effort from the centre of the box is too powerful for Leno to keep out and the Portuguese attacker’s strike finds the back of the net. 3-0.,1

Torreira receives a yellow card after going in late Neves. The Arsenal midfielder can have no complaints about that decision.,2

GOAL! WOLVES DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Wolves work a short corner down the left-hand side which is delivered expertly into the area by Jonny. The Spaniard’s delivery is met by Doherty who rises highest in the centre of the area to steer his header beyond Leno and into the back of the net. 2-0.,1

WHAT A GOAL! WOLVES TAKE THE LEAD! Neves steps up to take the free-kick following the foul on Jonny and the Portuguese midfielder whips a fierce effort over the wall and into bottom left corner of the net and beyond Leno from 25 yards out. 1-0.,1

Following a quick break from the hosts, Jonny skips away from Monreal who brings him to the floor on the edge of the area. Wolves win a free-kick in a dangerous area and Monreal receives a yellow card.,2

Iwobi and Monreal link-up smartly on the edge of the Wolves box and Doherty pulls the Spaniard to the floor as he looked to burst into the area. The Wolves defender goes into the book.,2

Emery makes a late change as Villa look to see out the match. Youngster Iroegbunam comes off the bench to replace Tielemans.,0

Just a few minutes after coming off the bench, Lukic is awarded a yellow for a strong challenge on Luiz.,2

Palhinha makes an aggressive, late challenge on McGinn and Aston Villa are awarded a free-kick. The referee issues the Portuguese midfielder a yellow card.,2

Bailey's game is over, and he makes his way to the bench. Diaby comes on and will replace him on the right-hand side of attack.,0

Silva makes his second change of the game, with De Cordova-Reid the player to make way. Wilson enters the fray in a straight swap on the right-hand side of attack.,0

GOOOAAAAAALLL!! 2-1! Fulham pull one back! The Cottagers build from the back and Cairney finds Robinson down the left-hand side. The full-back beats Cash to the ball and sends a delivery into the box along the ground. Martinez rushes out of his goal, but Muniz gets there before him and pokes it into the back of the net. Can Silva’s side mount a comeback?,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!! 2-0 ASTON VILLA!! Emery’s side have doubled their lead! Tielemans receives the ball just inside the Fulham half and Watkins makes a run beyond the defence. The Belgian midfielder finds his run with an inch-perfect throughball, and he bears down on goal. Leno rushes out, but Watkins slots it underneath him and into the back of the net! Fulham have a mountain to climb now.,1

GOOOAAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 ASTON VILLA!!! Emery’s side pounce on a mistake! Robinson has a throw-in and opts to send it across goal towards Willian. However, Ramsey closes him down quickly and nicks the ball off him just outside the penalty area. He feeds it into the feet of Watkins, who turns inside the box, before slotting the ball into the back of the net, leaving Leno with no chance!,1

There's a late change being made by Everton here and Gray is in no hurry to leave the field. He slowly walks off and is replaced by Dobbin.,0

Fernandes pounces on Doucoure's heavy touch and ends up being taken out by the Frenchman from behind. Doucoure is shown a yellow card.,2

Final change for United now as they look to regain their lead, with Pogba coming on in place of Fred.,0

TOWNSEND EQUALISES! It's all down to Gray's work down the left as he brushes Fred aside twice as he breaks away on the counter. United don't get back quick enough and Doucoure slides it through to Townsend, who has so much space through the middle. He has time to take a touch before slotting it past De Gea. 1-1! ,1

Cavani is the other player making way, as Ronaldo comes on to make his 200th Premier League appearance.,0

There's a double change for United here and it looks like Martial was just limping in the last few minutes. He goes off, with Sancho on for him.,0

MARTIAL SCORES! It was great build-up play from United, with Greenwood fizzing a wonderful pass into Fernandes. He, unselfishly, plays it out to Martial, who cuts inside from the left, and he hits it first time. He fires it into the top corner and a deflection helps it beat Pickford. 1-0 United! ,1

Greenwood tracks back to try and stop Gordon's run and ends up clipping the back of his heels. The free-kick is awarded, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! MILAN 2-0 ROMA!! Calhanoglu blasts the penalty towards the top-left corner. Mirante guesses the right way but cannot get his hands to the ball.,1

That goal will be Rebic's last involvement in the game. He is replaced by Rafael Leao for the final 12 minutes.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! MILAN 1-0 ROMA!! Milan have the breakthrough at San Siro! Kessie's acrobatic volley is parried by Mirante and Rebic gets to it first. He hits the post from close range with his first effort but buries the rebound into the roof of the net.,1

Dzeko scored twice last time out but has been off the pace today. Kalinic is on for the final 20 minutes.,0

Kluivert has not really been able to get in the game today. He is replaced by Perez with nearly an hour played.,0

Pellegrini lunges in on Bennacer and is shown the first yellow card of the contest - that is the least he deserves. The Roma midfielder will now miss next week's meeting with Udinese.,2

Miretti's frustration gets the better of him, losing possession before taking Alberto out cynically. It's a yellow card for the Juventus substitute - the seventh of the match.,2

Milinkovic-Savic sticks out a leg to bring Chiesa down cynically and he’s shown a yellow card for it.,2

SUPERB PLAY FROM LAZIO GIVES THEM THE LEAD! 2-1! It’s a simply brilliant goal with every part of build-up executed to perfection, started by Anderson on the right flank. Despite close marking from Sandro, the winger manages to cut back a low cross to Alberto, who opts to use the space provided to roll a silky backheel pass to the far post for Zaccagni. In acres of room, he meets the ball with a sweeping first touch to curl it around Szczesny and into the far corner!,1

Cuadrado gets far too tight to Zaccagni and charges through the winger, taking out his legs. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus captain, their fourth of the game.,2

Locatelli receives a pass from Sandro but fails to control it properly before lunging into an awkward two-footed tackle on Milinkovic-Savic. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus midfielder with a minute to go in the half.,2

Sandro cynically drags Cataldi down in midfield. The referee has apparently seen enough as he brandishes his first yellow card, showing it to the Brazil international.,2

JUVENTUS PUT THEMSELVES LEVEL AFTER FOUR MINUTES! 1-1! Incredible! Juventus get themselves up the pitch and win a corner, with Di Maria tasked to take the set-piece. The Argentina international finds Bremer on the six-yard line, though the defender’s header is initially repelled by a lovely kicked stop from Provedel. A scramble ensues and it’s Rabiot who capitalises, eventually bundling the ball over the line to restore parity!,1

Bonucci, on the bench as a substitute, is shown a yellow card for his protestations following Lazio's awarded goal.,2

LAZIO BREAK THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Zaccagni cuts inside and beats his man before chipping a cross to the far post for Milinkovic-Savic. The midfielder overpowers Sandro and takes the ball down with expert skill before firing a close-range half-volley past Szczesny!,1

There will be no hat-trick for Greenwood. He has made way for James. What a performance the youngster has put in today.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! What a strike from Fernandes. Well, it’s surely game over now, as United’s star man curls a strike into the left-hand corner. However, there’s going to be a check for offside on Matic, who appeared to be in the eyeliner of Ramsdale.,1

STUNNING! What an incredible goal from Greenwood! United have been under pressure but they manage to keep a move alive after a bit of pinball in the area. The ball falls to Greenwood and, after skipping away from Ramsdale, the youngster slams a fantastic right-footed finish into the top-right corner. However, there is going to be a VAR check for offside.,1

WHAT A GOAL! That is a sublime, sensational strike from Martial, who puts United 3-1 up in some style. Fernandes fed it out wide, with Shaw making a good overlapping run to give Martial the space to cut inside and, from there, the France international plants a wonderful finish into the top-right corner.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! RASHFORD MAKES IT 2-1! United lead now, with their number 10 having calmly sent a low finish into the bottom-right corner. Ramsdale guessed the right way, but couldn’t get down to it.,1

A first booking of the game goes the way of Lerma. He slid in to try and win a loose ball, only to completely miss it and instead make contact with Martial.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!!! UNITED ARE LEVEL! That is a real moment of quality from the hosts, with Greenwood having unleashed a brilliant strike that Ramsdale could only parry up into the net. Rashford got down the right, turning it back to Fernandes who, in turn, found the youngster.,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! BOURNEMOUTH TAKE THE LEAD! Well, totally against the run of play, the visitors are 1-0 up. United have had all of the ball, but one cross into the area causes issues for their defence. Stanislas picks up the scraps and, after easily getting past Maguire, he slots in beyond De Gea at the near post.,1

A switch at the back for Liverpool as Kabak departs. Williams will take his place for the final five or so minutes. ,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLLLL!!! 3-0. JOTA AGAIN!!!! It’s far, far too easy for the visitors. Salah finds Mane in the box who miscontrols the ball, but Jota arrives at the perfect time to smash home from 10 yards out. Arsenal have been nowhere near Klopp’s men today.,1

GOOOAALLLLL!! 2-0. SALAH!!!! Liverpool very quickly double their lead. Fabinho chips a ball over the Arsenal defence and Salah is suddenly in on goal. Gabriel tries to clear under pressure, gets it wrong and the Egyptian forward cuts in from the right and slips the ball under Leno from six yards out.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLLLL!!! 1-0 TO LIVERPOOL. JOTA!!!! You can’t say that it hasn’t been coming. Alexander-Arnold whips in one of his trademark crosses from the right wing and Jota leaps highest to head home from six yards out. Leno gets a hand to the effort, but the German shot-stopper can’t keep it out. Talk about impact from the Portuguese forward.,1

Jurgen Klopp rolls the dice as Jota comes on to replace Robertson. The defender played a lot of football for Scotland over the international break and clearly the Liverpool boss feels his full-back is looking a bit leggy. Milner will move to left-back.,0

Ceballos makes way for Elneny in midfield for the home side. That should give them a bit more solidity in the centre of the park.,0

Unfortunately, Tierney is unable to continue after that knock, and Cedric replaces the Scottish full-back.,0

LUKAKU SCORES! He only takes a short run-up but it's a powerful hit from Lukaku who just pauses before taking the penalty. He sends Lopez the wrong way and the ball nestles into the bottom-left corner. 2-2!,1

Triple change for Inter now as Conte tries to get his side back into the game. Martinez is the first to make way with Lukaku replacing him.,0

ROMA TAKE THE LEAD! Dzeko's first touch isn't great, but the Inter defenders make a mess of clearing it as Skriniar hits it against De Vrij. It bounces up nicely for Mkhitaryan who made a late run into the box and he fires it over Handanovic into the net. 2-1 Roma!,1

ROMA EQUALISE! Dzeko lays it off to Spinazzola on the left of the box. He drills his shot low across goal and it takes a deflection off De Vrij as it hits the back of the net, but VAR is having a look at this...,1

Barella picks up the first yellow card of the game after catching Mkhitaryan with a late tackle on the edge of the box.,2

INTER TAKE THE LEAD! De Vrij rises highest in the middle of the box to get on the end of Sanchez's corner. He pulls away from Kolarov and heads the ball down into the bottom-left corner and past Lopez. 1-0 Inter! ,1

Pussetto is booked late on for a late challenge on Ward, which has left the Palace right-back on the floor.,2

Watford make their third and final substitution, with Hughes the man coming off and he has been replaced by Gray.,0

Palace make the first substitution of the game, with McArthur coming off and he has been replaced by Milivojevic.,0

Another yellow card, this time it's to Doucoure for his foul on Zaha in the middle of the pitch, stopping him from breaking forward.,2

Kouyate is also booked along with Capoue, it seems to be for his reaction to the clash and surrounding the referee.,2

Zaha is the first Palace player to be booked after tripping Capoue from behind. The winger appeals against the decision, but the referee shows him a yellow card.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Femenia after he deliberately drags down Zaha, stopping him from breaking forward on the counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Palace take the lead, it's 1-0! The goal has come against the run of play, with Watford looking the better team, but a terrific strike from Ayew has put the hosts ahead! Zaha and Benteke linked up well down the left, before McArthur lays the ball off to Ayew, who smashes it into the top right-hand corner of the net.,1

Rabiot's booked for bringing down Lozano down the right. That'll suit Napoli just fine as they look to wind down the clock.,2

Napoli make a change before the corner's taken. The Slovakian midfielder Lobotka is on for Insigne who's in some difficulty.,0

Juventus make a substitution at half-time. Cuadrado, who's been tormented by Lozano so far, is replaced by Alex Sandro.,0

Cuadrado gets caught napping by Lozano and sticks out a foot to bring down the Napoli man. Cuadrado's booked for the foul and Napoli will have the chance to test Szczesny again from this free-kick.,2

GOAL! NAPOLI 1-0 JUVENTUS! Juve's defence concedes for the first time in four games! Insigne coolly slots the penalty high in the net. Szczesny was never keeping that out.,1

Chiellini receives a yellow card for catching Rrahmani in the face. Let's see what comes of this penalty...,2

Wagner gets physical with Dortmund's goalkeeper during a corner and is shown a yellow card for his outburst. ,2

COMETH THE HOUR, COMETH THE MAN! 3-2 DORTMUND! The hosts do it again! Ribery loses possession deep in the Dortmund half to Sancho who immediately pushes the ball forward to Witsel. After looking up, the central-midfielder sees Alcacer streaking down the middle of the pitch with only one person marking him. The throughball is weighted to perfection and the striker gets onto the end of it and slips the ball past Neuer after beating his man in a race.,1

DORTMUND FINALLY GET IT RIGHT! 2-2! Piszczek has the ball on the right, a step in front of the touchline and puts a fantastic cross to the top of the penalty area for Reus who smashes his shot on the half-volley, beating Neuer comfortably! A wonderful goal – and the home side are back in it once again!,1

LEWANDOWSKI RESTORES BAYERN’S ADVANTAGE! 2-1! Just as soon as they go level, BVB loses the lead once again! Gnabry plays a one-two pass with Muller to get into the penalty area, and his second touch is a beautiful back-heel flick into the path of Kimmich who chips it over Hitz to the far post for Lewandowski to once again finish from inside the six-yard box! ,1

YES THEY CAN! 1-1! Reus takes a slow run-up and sends Neuer the wrong way before curling his penalty into the right-hand corner! The Klassiker is level once again!,1

Weigl’s poor first half was capped with a yellow card, and Favre has decided to withdraw him during the interval. Dahoud is his replacement.,0

1-0 TO BAYERN MUNICH! It’s an easy finish for Lewandowski as Ribery spreads the ball to the right for Kimmich, who plays it immediately for Gnabry. The right-winger looks up and curls a textbook cross into the six-yard box for Lewandowski who pops up with a header!  ,1

GOOOAAALLL! Rebic gets his hat-trick, it’s 7-0! Torino fail to deal with a Milan corner and it is whipped back into the box and headed across goal by Kjaer and Krunic gets the slightest out touches, which sends it straight into the path of Rebic, who has to sort his feet out quickly and he knees the ball into the back of the net from close range. The marking from the Torino defence was non-existent there.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Rebic scores Milan’s sixth goal of the game! It’s so easy for Milan at the moment. Torino lose the ball deep inside the Milan half the pitch and the visitors are ruthless in their attack, racing up the pitch and the hosts just can’t keep up. Leao races through on goal, but instead of going for goal himself, he opts to square it to Rebic, who fires it into the back of the net.,1

Double Milan substitution now and the first change sees Hernandez head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Dalot.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Rebic finally gets his goal and fires Milan 5-0 ahead! It comes after another quick counter and they open up Torino at the back, with Krunic running at the hosts defence, before flicking it out to Rebic to his left, who only has Sirigu to beat and he powers the ball into the top of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Hernandez makes it 4-0 and Milan are running away with it now! It comes after a quick counter-attack and they catch Torino out of the back, with Hernandez racing forward and Rebic slides it through Torino defence for his team-mate, who produces an excellent finish to chip it over Sirigu and get his second goal of the game.,1

Torino have made a triple substitution now in an attempt to salvage something from the game, with Baselli one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Verdi.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Milan make it 3-0! Torino take too long on the ball at the back, trying to play it out from deep and Kessie intercepts a pass from Bremer, he then races into the box and passes to Diaz to his right, who drills it into the back of the net. That is surely the three points wrapped up for the visitors now.,1

Linetty is shown a yellow card after he catches Hernandez, as the two battle for the ball and the Milan defender just got there ahead of him.,2

Milan have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Bennacer the man coming off and he has been replaced by Meite.,0

Baselli is booked after he deliberately drags Diaz down to stop him from breaking forward on the counter.,2

Bennacer is the first player to be booked after his challenge on Linetty as Torino looked to break forward.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Kessie makes no mistakes from the penalty spot and makes it 2-0! Milan are in control now. Castillejo was brought down by Lyanco in the penalty area and the referee showed no hesitation in pointing to the spot. Kessie stepped up and coolly sent the keeper the wrong way, slotting it into the top right corner of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! What a strike from Hernandez to fire Milan ahead, it’s 1-0! Diaz cuts in from the right and sprints across the Torino defence, before laying it out to Hernandez, who powers a left-footed shot straight into the top right corner of the net from the edge of the box. Superb strike.,1

Alli's excessive force awards him a yellow card. Ederson eventually gets up after a minute or two on the turf.,2

Ederson is booked for taking his time over the resulting goal-kick. City will no doubt be glad to start winding down the clock.,2

GOAL! EVERTON 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY! It's heartbreak for Everton as Foden gives City the lead! Silva's cross from the left bobbles off the outstretched legs of both Holgate and Keane. It lands straight into the path of Foden who can't fail to beat Pickford from a few yards out!,1

Everton make another change. Gordon's arguably been their best player. Gray takes his place on the left wing.,0

Allan picks up a deserved yellow card for tripping Silva down City's right and giving the assistant referee too much lip when the foul's given against him.,2

Van de Beek is penalised for a bad tackle on Gundogan straight after Allan's penalty shout. Everton still aren't happy a penalty wasn't given.,2

Final Newcastle substitution now, with Almiron heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Anderson.,0

Third and final substitution for the Gunners now, with Smith Rowe coming off and he has been replaced by Martinelli.,0

Arsenal have also made a change and there will be no hat-trick for Aubameyang as he is replaced by Willian.,0

Newcastle make their second substitution now, with Longstaff the man coming off and he has been replaced by Hendrick.,0

GOAL! Aubameyang makes it 3-0! Cedric does brilliantly down the right wing, he skips past the Arsenal defenders and gets all the way to the byline and then pulls it back to Aubameyang, who slides it in from close range and he easily converts.,1

Newcastle have also made their first change, with Carroll the man coming off and he has been replaced by Murphy.,0

Arsenal make their first substitution of the game, with Partey the man coming off and he has been replaced by Elneny.,0

GOAL! Saka doubles Arsenal's lead and makes it 2-0! Lovely stuff by Smith Rowe down the left wing, he takes on Lascelles and gets into the box, before pulling it back to Saka who sneaked into the penalty area and he fires it into the back of the net.,1

GOAL! Arsenal lead 1-0! Aubameyang breaks the deadlock after a quick counter forward and the striker beats Krafth down the left and then powers the ball into the top left-hand corner of the net, giving Darlow no chance.,1

Filipovic is also booked for grabbing hold of Lacazette's shirt. Had the Frenchman stayed cool, he would have realised that he had been given the decision. ,2

RED CARD! Lacazette is being grappled by Filipovic and he responds by lashing out with an elbow! The referee brandishes the red card immediately and the striker is off! He's let his frustration get to him and could have cost his team as a result. ,3

Skavysh - BATE's best player in the first half - is replaced by Mekontso to applause from the home supporters. ,0

Maitland-Niles is replaced by Aubameyang as Emery tries to change the game, changing to a back four and pushing Mustafi to right-back. ,0

Hleb is received warmly by both sets of supporters as he jogs off to be replaced by Berezkin. He's had a quiet night, and BATE now have a lead to defend.,0

GOAL!!! BATE are in front!! Dragun makes it 1-0 to the hosts as he evades his marker in the box to head the free-kick high above Cech and into the back of the net! Arsenal look shell-shocked! ,1

Xhaka gets a yellow card as Guendouzi slips over and the Swiss races back and bundles Skavysh over. He protests that it is his first foul, but the referee deems it a cynical challenge.,2

Ward receives a yellow card after a foul on Davies. The defender seemed to have touched the ball, but the referee disagrees.,2

GOALL!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM!! KANE!!! Spurs take the lead right before half-time as Kane heads the ball past Johnstone! Porro picks up the loose ball on the right wing and sends in a cross towards the far post, where the Tottenham skipper beats Ward in the air to score.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!!!! WEST HAM ARE IN FRONT! It's another sensational ball in from Kudus for Soucek at the back post, who volleys the Hammers ahead in the 91st minute!,1

Gudmundsson is subbed off and Cullen takes his place. The Icelandic winger had created the most chances in the match in an impressive display.,0

Koleosho departs to a chorus of cheers from the Burnley faithful. He's been their best player in this match and is replaced by Zaroury.,0

Burnley make their first change as Ramsey replaces Amdouni. The Burnley striker put himself about today and played well.,0

Amdouni is hauled down on the halfway line as Coufal and Zouma chase him. The former is booked but it looked as though it was the latter that made the contact.,2

It will be a double change for West Ham as Alvarez is replaced by Benrahma. That might have something to do with the fact that he's on a yellow card.,0

Mubama comes on in place of Ings, who has not enjoyed a happy return to Turf Moor eight years after leaving the club.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLL!!! What a huge moment this could be for Burnley! Rodriguez drills the ball down the middle from the spot and Burnley are ahead!,1

Paqueta drives through the Burnley midfield and Beyer trips him to earn the first booking of the match.,2

Electric wing-back Merlin has been a handy tool for the hosts today but his number is up. On comes Emran Soglo.,0

The mercurial Aubameyang makes way! What a performance from the competition's top scorer. He is replaced by Cameroonian Faris Moumbagna.,0

Veretout's free-kick is his last action as Luis Henrique arrives to take his place. He's enjoyed a solid outing, the former Aston Villa man.,0

Villarreal continue on the damage-limitation route as experience trades for experience. Coquelin is off for Etienne Capoue.,0

A striker off for a defender? Yep, this is dire straits for Villarreal. It screams damage limitation as Moreno is replaced by Kiko Femenia.,0

ALBERTO MORENO WALKS! That's a second yellow for the newly substituted defender. His lazy challenge caps a whimsical moment where Sarr makes Villarreal look useless. Brash, brazen, definitely worthy of the early shower.,3

PIERRE EMERICK AUBAMEYANG TAKE A BOW!! Wow, wow, wow - that is simply magic! Harit glides through the centre of the pitch and slides in Aubameyang on the left wing. With the brilliance of a seasoned pro, he lifts it over Reina to find the right side netting. There's nothing the Spanish veteran can do. That is a TEXTBOOK lob! Beautiful. Aubameyang's fine form surges on as Marseille go 4-0 up!,1

A late tackle from Moreno following great pressing from Ndiaye brings the former Sheffield United man to the ground. The freshly introduced Moreno goes straight into the book for this aggressive effort.,2

Alberto Moreno comes on for Aissa Mandi. He's the second booked player after Comesana to take to the bench.,0

Hat-trick hero last time out, Alexander Sorloth is deployed for an extremely limited Baena. Can he make an impact?,0

This commentator's cheesy theme of yellow continues, Comesana picks up a frustrating yellow card. Still another 45 minutes to come guys! Villarreal really need to regroup.,2

PENALTY CONVERTED BY AUBAMEYANG! It's 3-0 here as the former Arsenal and Dortmund hitman slips it past Reina. The Spaniard goes the right way, yet the penalty is too direct, and he can't stop it from going into the bottom right. That's 38 career penalties scored for Aubameyang now and an impressive European campaign tally added to!,1

GOAL JORDAN VERETOUUUUT! The hosts open the scoring and have clearly disrupted Villarreal's nap time! It's a close range header and the visitors have simply allowed themselves to be cut open. Clauss provides the assist with his delicate chipped cross. It stems from an untracked overlapping right-sided run. Veretout jumps unmarked and Reina has no chance!,1

Akhomach and Merlin collide in mid-air here. The Marseille wing-back writhes around, yet finds a booking instead of the foul he was looking for while jumping over the back of his opponent.,2

The first card is out. It's a yellow for Mandi. He takes Aubameyang out in cynical fashion on the left side. He protests, but it's from behind and late. Good call, referee.,2

GOAL!!! MUSIALA SURELY MAKES THE POINTS SAFE!!! Bayern's attacking quality has shone in recent moments and they are now surely on their way to three points. Kane cuts the ball back for Musiala, and he keeps his composure to shift onto his right foot before placing into the bottom corner. 3-1 to the visitors!,1

GOAL!!! KANE PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!! It has been a little better from the Bavarian giants in recent minutes and they have now restored their lead. Musiala fires the ball into Kane and he tries a clever first-time flick into the bottom corner. His initial effort is blocked, but the rebound sits up nicely for him to fire into the back of the net and put the visitors 2-1 up!,1

GOAL!!! Cool as you like, Icardi steps up before lofting his penalty straight down the middle as Ulreich dives to his right. The ball finds the back of the net to make it 1-1!,1

GOAL!!! COMAN PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!! They have barely had a kick so far but the German champions are in front against the run of play. A neat move sees Sane find Coman in the box with a clever pass, before the right-winger rifles into the bottom-left corner to make it 1-0 to the visitors!,1

After what could be the winning goal, Ceballos is given a rest as he makes way to be replaced by Nico for the dying moments.,0

CEBALLOS!!! 3-2! MADRID RETAKE THE LEAD! The visitors are back in front. Bellingham brilliantly switches the play to an unmarked Ceballos, who goes wide before drilling a low shot that takes a slight deflection off Roussillon before nestling in the bottom-left corner.,1

KRAL!!! 2-2! UNION ARE LEVEL! Hope rekindled for the hosts! Madrid are sloppy in dealing with a throw and following a scrappy spell of play on the edge of the box, the ball breaks kindly for Kral. The Spartak Moscow loanee brilliantly drills past Kepa from 20 yards to square things up once more.,1

There are two more changes made by Union. Goalscorer Volland makes way for Aaronson in the first of those.,0

Juranovic makes way in the hosts' fifth and final swap. Trimmel enters the action for the final eight minutes.,0

Laidouni, who has just entered the action, accidentally catches Joselu, though it looks a painful one for the Madrid forward. The substitute goes into the book.,2

The third and final change by the hosts sees Gosens given a breather. Laidouni is the player to replace him.,0

Union turn to the bench and make three changes. The first of these sees Kral introduced in place of Khedira.,0

JOSELU!!! 2-1 MADRID! He's done it again! The Espanyol loanee completes the turnaround with another brilliant header. Escaping his marker to meet Garcia's cross, Joselu does superbly to guide his header past Ronnow at the near post.,1

JOSELU!!! 1-1! Madrid are level! The visitors make their pressure tell as Rodrygo teases his marker down the right before sitting up an inviting cross to the far post. There, Joselu outmuscles Jaeckel to nod past Ronnow.,1

After missing his attempted clearance, Alaba drags Behrens back to prevent him potentially attacking Nacho. The veteran defender goes into the book as a result.,2

Ancelotti makes a change at the break as he looks to rally Madrid. Kroos is the player introduced with Valverde making way.,0

VOLLAND!!! 1-0 TO THE HOSTS! Union lead against the run of play! It is a dreadful moment for Alaba, who slips as he attempts to clear and unwittingly puts the ball on a plate for Volland. The striker does well to hold off Vazquez, before drilling home under Kepa's dive.,1

Bellingham also has his name taken for reacting after Khedira squared up to one of his team-mates. He will also have to tread carefully hereon.,2

Khedira shows his frustration at Madrid for not putting the ball out of play after one of his team-mates stayed down. Although, he is booked for his troubles.,2

Following a clash between Nketiah and Kamberi, the Zurich free-kick is pumped forward, but Gabriel catches Santini as the pair climb to win the header, and the Gunners' centre-back is booked.,2

Zurich throw caution to the win late on, as they bring off defender Aliti for a target-man forward in the form of Ivan Santini.,0

Tomiyasu has picked up a knock, and Mikel Arteta doesn't want to risk him further, so the substitute is substituted for another right-back in Cedric Soares.,0

Another change from the visitors sees the booked Conde withdrawn, and he's replaced by Bledian Krasniqi.,0

Vieira has arguably been Arsenal's brightest attacking spark in this game, but the playmaker comes off now for Gunners captain Martin Odegaard.,0

Jesus hasn't been at his clinical best in this one, and the stand-in Arsenal captain comes off for Bukayo Saka. Nketiah will likely move into the centre-forward position, with Saka occupying the left flank.,0

Arsenal make their first changes of the match, the first of which sees Elneny replaced by Thomas Partey at the base of their midfield.,0

Conde fouls Lokonga twice in as many minutes, with his two late challenges eventually resulting in a yellow card for the Zurich midfielder.,2

Zurich make a half-time change, as Rohner comes off for Antonio Marchesano, the man he replaced in the starting XI ahead of the game.,0

Aliti slides into a challenge on Vieira and gets much more of the man than the ball, sending the Arsenal playmaker flying and picking up a yellow card as he protests the referee's decision.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Arsenal lead with a super strike!!!! White's cut-back from the byline to Vieira sees the midfielder have two half-decent efforts at goal blocked, and the ball bobbles out to Tierney. The left-back lashes a thumper of a shot on the half-volley, which beats everyone and flies into the bottom corner!!! 1-0 to the Arsenal, and after quite a cagey start the Gunners click into gear!,1

Frankfurt make a conservative substitution with Gotze coming off for the more defensively-minded Jakic.,0

Bayern turn to their bench after that goal with a double change. First off is Coman with Gnabry on in his place.,0

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! KOLO MUANI LEVELS FOR FRANKFURT!! 1-1! Frankfurt have been much improved in the last ten minutes and they get their reward. Kamada finds himself in all kinds of space and does a brilliant job to drag Bayern defenders towards him before feeding Kolo Muani. The Frenchman powers past Upamecano and smashes it into the far corner from a tight angle. Game on!,1

Frankfurt turn to their bench first with a double change. Captain Rode is first off and replaced by Kamada.,0

Upamecano is drawn into a challenge after a fantastic touch from Gotze. The Bayern defender clears out the Frankfurt attacking midfielder and receives a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! SANE GETS THE OPENER!! 1-0! Bayern lead and the goal comes from Sane. Muller, once again, is at the heart of it, and it is his cross that finds Sane unmarked inside the box. The forward's first-time effort is crisply hit and flies past Trapp into the Frankfurt net.,1

Sommer races out of his box to contest a long ball with Kolo Muani. The Swiss goalkeeper initially gets the ball but his trailing leg takes out the Frankfurt striker and he is booked for the challenge.,2

De Ligt slips and gives away the ball on his halfway line. Rode knicks in and steals the ball but the centre-back cynically brings him down and receives a yellow card.,2

Werner would have liked a goal today but he will have to settle for an assist. Hudson-Odoi is the player to replace him.,0

Saint-Maximin, who has barely been involved in the game, makes way for Carroll in the third of Newcastle's changes.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!! NEWCASTLE 0-2 CHELSEA! The visitors finally have their second goal - and it has come during their opponents' best spell of the game. Werner carries the ball past three players, slides it through for Abraham and the striker calmly converts for his fifth goal of the campaign.,1

Murphy barges into the back of Mount and referee Craig Pawson, who could not have been better positioned, reaches into his pocket for the second time today.,2

Hayden slides in on Kovacic and becomes the first player to be shown a yellow card. However, replays show he got some of the ball so can consider himself unfortunate.,2

GOOOOOOOOAL!! WHAT A SLICE OF FORTUNE BUT WHAT A TURNAROUND! Diaby charges through the centre of the pitch and his pass just hits Duran on the leg and loops over Alisson! He knew nothing about it but the keeper had no chance! Villa Park has found its voice! Villa are back at 3-3, can they find a winner here?!,1

GOOOOOOOOOAL! THERE'S HOPE FOR VILLA! Mac Allister loses concentration taking hold of Van Dijk's pass. Villa pounce quickly and Duran drills home a left-footed shot from the edge of the box. Villa Park roars its approval. Emery was booked for coming onto the field in the celebrations. Liverpool lead 3-2!,1

Well this is a real shame for Zaniolo who has not long-since been on the field. He goes off injured and Duran comes on in his place.,0

Villa skipper McGinn goes into the book and it's clear as day. He grabs Diaz around the waist and brings his opponent to the ground.,2

Emery looks to his bench for the first time this evening and it's the goalscorer Tielemans who is replaced by Zaniolo.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! Oh that could the killer blow! Elliott delivers a free-kick from the left towards the back post and it's Quansah who rises high and loops a wonderful header over Martinez and into the far corner. Liverpool lead 3-1 and Villa have it all to do now.,1

It's the first yellow card of the evening and it goes to Elliott. The Liverpool midfielder was frustrated at the awarding of a free-kick and petulantly kicked the ball away. Hooper had no choice but to get the yellow out.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! ANOTHER TWIST IN THIS TALE! The dangerous Salah swtiches it to Diaz, who slips Gomez in on the left of the area. His delivery is palmed into the path of Gakpo who had the easy tap-in. There was a VAR check as Gomez looked liked he could have been offside but the lengthy VAR check was good and the goal stands! Liverpool lead 2-1!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOAL! VILLA PARK HAS COME TO LIFE! Against the run of play the home side equalise and it's all down to the brilliant work of Watkins. The England striker gets down the left channel, goes past Alexander-Arnold - a little too easily - and from the byline picks out Tielemans on the edge of the box, with the Belgian drilling home through a crowded penalty area. 1-1!,1

Neves loses the ball in midfield and then in his hurry to try and win the ball back, he barges into the back of Lennon, earning him a yellow card.,2

Wolves make their second substitution with Jiménez coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Bonatini.,0

Gudmunds­son is booked for bringing Jimenez to the ground after the striker tries to break quickly on the counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! WOLVES LEAD 1-0! Jiménez is the man to finally score the goal to break the deadlock here and the hosts deserve their lead. Doherty pulled the ball back after getting into the box, he plays it straight to the feet of Jiménez who slides the ball into the far corner and out of the reach of Hart.,1

Here is the first Burnley substitution, with Barnes the man coming off and he has been replaced by Vydra.,0

Another Burnley yellow card, as Cork is booked for pulling back Jota as he raced towards the penalty area.,2

Bardsley is the first player to be shown a yellow card after he dragged Jota to the ground, in an attempt to stop the Wolves counter.,2

Lasme was trying to get the ball but ended up catching Upamecano in the head as the defender stooped to try and reach it. He's booked for the challenge.,2

Triple change for Arminia now as they try to find a late equaliser. Klos is the first to make way, with Lasme on for him.,0

SANE SCORES! It's been coming, and Bayern have finally broken the deadlock! Muller lays it off to Sane on the edge of the D, and it's a brilliant hit from him. He curls it around the defender in front of him as well as Ortega, who rushed off his line, to score the opening goal. 1-0 Bayern! ,1

Schopf flicks the ball over Hernandez, and the defender catches him with his studs as he went for the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOAL! ATLANTA 3-0 MARSEILLE! The Serie A team reach the UEFA Europa League Final - their first ever European final - with one last flourish! Toure nips onto the ball on the left wing, coasts away from defenders as he cuts inside, and drills a low finish past Lopez into the far corner. Game, set and match!,1

De Roon is into the book for a lazy foul there. The captain has to be careful on getting any further bookings.,2

GOAL! ATALANTA 2-0 MARSEILLE! The hosts have one foot in the UEFA Europa League Final! A moment after Lookman hesitates over a golden chance, he feeds Ruggeri as part of a one-two for the latter to smash a terrific finish into the far top corner!,1

GOAL! ATALANTA 1-0 MARSEILLE! The hosts take the lead, and it is Lookman who opens the scoring, aided by a wicked deflection. The forward is allowed too much space on the edge of the box, but a hefty touch off the inside leg of a defender takes it into the bottom-right corner past Lopez. The Italians lead 2-1 on aggregate!,1

Ozil gets a standing ovation from the home supporters. He's been fantastic today. Ramsey takes his place.,0

Puel makes one final change. Maddison makes his way off, applauding the away support. He'll be replaced by Shinji Okazaki.,0

Pereira is hauled off and replaced by Ghezzal. Leicester need to chase the game as they've been nowhere this half.,0

GOAL! 3-1 Arsenal! Game over! Aubameyang has got his second in five minutes. Bellerin gots loose down the right again. This time he finds Lacazette just outside the area. He puts together a lovely one-two with Ozil, who slides the ball across to Aubameyang. Arsenal have blown Leicester away.,1

GOAL! 2-1 Arsenal! And just like that, Aubameyang scores! A wonderful through-ball from Ozil finds Bellerin racing down the right again. The Spaniard squares it for Aubameyang and Arsenal have the lead!,1

GOAL! 1-1 Arsenal! Arsenal build from the back again under pressure from Leicester's front three. Initially they hold Arsenal off but can't keep it, and suddenly Arsenal are away down the right! Bellerin puts in a delightful low cross and Ozil, arriving late into the area, dinks it into the net. Lovely goal.,1

Xhaka is next to land himself in the book for fouling Maddison just after the midfielder had passed the ball on.,2

Iwobi loses the ball and suddenly Arsenal are in trouble. Holding is booked for fouling the onrushing Iheanacho.,2

RED CARD! Marcos is off! The midfielder reacts angrily to his yellow card and has too much to say to the referee, who quickly pulls out the red and gives him his marching orders for dissent.,3

GOAL! Barcelona have surely won it late on! Dembele's cross into the box is brilliantly placed and finds Lenglet, who gets free of his marker and sends a glancing header into the back of the net. Heartbreak for Leonesa!,1

Arthur wriggles free before sending a pass into the box, where it fails to find Dembele in front of goal. Play is brought back for a foul on the Brazilian, though, and Gonzalez is then shown a yellow card.,2

The yellow card is out once again, and this time it's Ortiz who finds himself on the receiving end for a high challenge on Miranda as the teenager broke forward.,2

Palatsi takes too long with his goal kick as he tries to run down the clock, and he's eventually booked for his antics.,2

Calvo is all over the back of Alena as they battle for the ball, and he's rightly shown a yellow card for pulling the midfielder's shirt from behind.,2

Saul seemed to injury him unleashing that thumping strike, and he's forced off to be replaced by Alonso.,0

Beltran is almost able to get a shot away after skipping past Semedo, but Brandariz is there to dispossess him before he's able to do so. Barcelona then try to counter-attack through Malcom, but the Brazilian is fouled from behind by Escalante and the Leonesa man is shown a yellow card.,2

The yellow card is out again and this time it's Miranda who finds himself on the receiving end for a mistimed foul on Zelu.,2

Miranda tries to break away after Barcelona win back possession, but he's clattered into by Saul before he can do so and the full-back is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MANE SCORES!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! The Reds are surely on their way into the quarter-finals of the competition as Mane converts at the back post. Liverpool work a neat move down the right flank that sees Origi burst into space from Keita's offload. He hammers a low ball across the face of goal and Mane is in the right place at the right time to stick out a boot and score.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH CONVERTS AT LAST!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!! The Reds notch a crucial strike to extend their advantage in the tie to 3-0 as Salah finds the back of the net. Jota leads a break at the Leipzig defence after latching on to Mane's pass. He cuts an offload back to Salah in space and the Egyptian displays a clinical edge to find the bottom-right corner with his left-footed effort.,1

Palmer-Houlden has been another one of Newport's top performers in this valiant effort, but comes off for Nathan Wood with just seconds to go in south Wales.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! That'll seal it for United!! McTominay and Garnacho combine through the middle and the latter finds Forson in the box. His off-balance shot is parried well by Townsend, but Hojlund is straight onto the rebound and buries the ball into the bottom corner!! 4-2 to the visitors, and for all the fight put up by Newport throughout this match, clawing back another two-goal deficit at this stage will be too great a task.,1

Antony's goal - his first of the season - is the difference heading into the final moments of this game, and the Brazilian comes off now for another United youngster in Omari Forson.,0

Shaw also comes off following an industrious performance down that left-hand side, and youngster Willy Kambwala will take the England defender's place for the last few minutes.,0

United make two changes of their own late on, the first seeing Scott McTominay replace the booked Casemiro at the base of their midfield.,0

Matthew Baker also comes on for Newport, replacing Bennett in the heart of their defence for the remainder of this game.,0

Wildig also comes off in the Exiles' midfield three, and Kiban Rai will provide some fresh legs for the final 10 or so minutes.,0

Fernandes' effort in the area is blocked and drops for Garnacho, but he loses possession to Charsley on the turn. The Exiles midfielder is immediately caught and taken down by Casemiro though, resulting in the first yellow card of the match for the 31-year-old.,2

Lewis Payne comes on in Newport's first alteration of the match, and he'll replace Lewis out wide for the final 20 or so minutes here.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The Red Devils are back in front!! Antony collects a long ball and switches play to Shaw on his left-hand side. The full-back unleashes a curling right-footed effort which cannons back off the far post, dropping straight into Antony's path for the Brazilian to tap it home! United lead 3-2 with little over 20 minutes to go, and Erik ten Hag will be hoping his side can build on that goal to see the game out comfortably.,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! Would you believe it - Newport County ARE LEVEL!!! Shaw's deflected shot is collected by Townsend, who subsequently thumps the ball deep into United's half. It's played across from right to left and comes to Lewis, whose low cross to the near post is turned in by Evans!!! We're locked up at 2-2 in south Wales, with that poacher's finish from Evans sparking bedlam in the stands at Rodney Parade!,1

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! What a strike to get Newport back into this game!!! Townsend's goal-kick is headed down by Varane and drops kindly for Morris, who unleashes a belting half-volley from 25 yards that beats Bayindir and swoops into the top corner!!! A goal for the ages at Rodney Parade, which halves the deficit to make it 2-1!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Mainoo makes it 2-0 to Manchester United! Dalot advances up the right-hand side and dribbles his way into the box, before cutting the ball back to Mainoo on the edge. The youngster strikes a first-time finish with aplomb, squeezing the ball through the crowd and nestling it right in the bottom corner to double his side's lead and give the 12-time champions a comfortable advantage!,1

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! That didn't take long!!! Shaw's incisive throughball down the left puts Antony in behind the defence, and he cuts it back for Fernandes to bury a first-time shot into the bottom corner!! 1-0 to the Red Devils, and that'll put any nerves at ease for the travelling supporters!,1

Roberto is the fifth Barcelona player to be shown a yellow card - he's blocked off Mayoral as he began a counter-attack.,2

GOAAAAL! IT'S 3-1!!! A phenomenal turnaround from Levante!!! Lenglet heads a free-kick clear, but only as far as Radoja and he thunders a volley beyond Ter Stegen via a deflection off Busquets from the centre of the box! Levante now two goals ahead in the space of seven minutes!! ,1

This game is kicking off! Both Barcelona centre-backs are now shown a yellow card, Lenglet going into the book for a foul on Melero.,2

More chopping and changing from Valverde, taking off Arthur for another forward in the young dangerman Fati.,0

Pique is shown a yellow card, sliding in on Campana and taking out the man with a goal and an assist to his name already this game. Pique is perhaps lucky not to be shown a red here.,2

GOAAAAAL! 2-1 LEVANTE! That's two in quick succession for the hosts! What a strike from Mayoral!! Campana with the pass to Mayoral, but he has his back to goal. He swivels and fires a fierce right-footed shot past Ter Stegen. The keeper does get a hand on it, but it's just too powerful for him to keep out!,1

Bardhi was superb against Real Sociedad last weekend - scoring the opener in a 2-1 victory - but he's been quiet today and makes way for Rochina.,0

GOAAAL! LEVANTE EQUALISE! Barcelona are caught out at the back and Campana gets on the end of a loose ball and smashes it past Ter Stegen! Just as Barcelona were starting to take control again! Pique mucks up the initial clearance, Levante get it back into the box and Lenglet let's the ball roll past him, allowing Morales to steal in ahead of him and square for Campana. He hits a right-footed shot into the left of the goal!,1

Bardhi goes into the book for a risky challenge on Roberto. There isn't much contact, but it's reckless and Bardhi is out of control. Free-kick for Barcelona inside the Levante half.,2

Valverde is forced into making an early substitution as Suarez asks to come off, with Perez on to replace him. For now, Messi has taken up a central role, with Griezmann wide.,0

GOAL! 1-0 BARCELONA! No mistake from Messi and he buries his penalty into the top of the net for his fifth league goal of the season.,1

Arthur is shown the first yellow card of the game for fouling Miramon. The card was shown to Suarez initially, but a VAR check determined that there's a case of mistaken identity and it's shown to Arthur instead.,2

As Balde hobbles off over the sideline having picked up a knock, he's replaced by Marcos Alonso, another full-back making his debut for Barcelona.,0

Raphinha is the last of Barca's starting front three to come off, with that saved effort being his last action before he's replaced by Ansu Fati.,0

Perez has been feeding off scraps for most of the game, and comes off now for Australian international Awer Mabil.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! There's the second!!! A fast break by the visitors sees Bellerin put Raphinha into acres of space, and he crosses to the front post. De Jong comes for it, as does Ledesma and two defenders, and the ensuing scramble sees the ball pop up for Lewandowski to slide in and tuck away to make it 2-0!!! Six goals in five La Liga games for Lewandowski, and Barca have really hit their stride!!,1

Alejo has arguably been Los Piratas' standout player, but he's withdrawn now for substitute Theo Bongonda.,0

Fernandez's game comes to an end in Cadiz's first change, and Tomas Alarcon takes his place in midfield.,0

Having set up that goal, Gavi comes off, with the La Masia product replaced by a fellow teenage sensation in midfielder Pedri.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Barca finally get the breakthrough!!! Raphinha spots Gavi's underlapping run and finds him with a brilliant throughball, and despite Gavi's cut-back being pushed away by Ledesma, De Jong arrives late to stroke the ball home and put the Blaugrana 1-0 up!!! It's taken a while, but Barca finally break down the resolute Cadiz defence and lead deservedly.,1

After Depay's cross is cleared by Mbaye, Cadiz clear and Alejo races down the right. He knocks the ball past Busquets, but is clipped on his way through, which warrants a foul and a yellow card for the Barcelona captain.,2

Perez looks to advance over halfway on the counter for Cadiz, but he's clipped late by Raphinha and goes down. A textbook free-kick for the hosts, and the Brazil winger is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Ronaldo looked like he was struggling a moment ago before making that sprinting run, and he gingerly makes his way off-field now. Martial is on in his place. ,0

There's a double change for Arsenal as well as they try to find an equaliser. Odegaard is first to make way, with Nketiah on for him.,0

United are making their first change of the game now. Rashford is going off, with Lingard on in his place.,0

Before the game restarts, Arsenal are making a change. Smith Rowe, who opened the scoring, goes off with Saka coming on to replace him.,0

RONALDO SCORES! Ronaldo places the ball on the spot, and it's a confident penalty. He gives Ramsdale no chance, smashing it down the middle, over the goalkeeper, who dived to his left, and into the back of the net. 3-2 United! ,1

ODEGAARD EQUALISES! Just over two minutes after Ronaldo scored, Arsenal are level again! Martinelli times his run perfectly down the right, and he pulls a great cross back to Odegaard. He hits the shot first time, squeezing it past Aubameyang, and De Gea can't get down in time to keep it from nestling in the corner. 2-2! ,1

RONALDO SCORES! It's a brilliant reverse pass from Dalot to pick out Rashford's run down the right, and he waits for Ronaldo to get into the box. He squares a low cross into him and Ronaldo hits it first time, guiding it into the far bottom corner of the net. 2-1 United!,1

It's a poor challenge from McTominay, who slides in very late on Partey and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

FERNANDES EQUALISES! It's brilliantly worked by United, with Fernandes finishing it all off. Sancho wrongfoots Tomiyasu before playing in Fred, who pulls it back for Fernandes. He takes it first time, hitting his shot across goal and Ramsdale can't keep it out despite getting a hand to it. 1-1!,1

SMITH ROWE SCORES! De Gea is down on his line after being caught by Fred during an Arsenal corner. Maguire clears the cross, but only to Elneny, who cushions it to Smith Rowe. He fires a good shot into the back of the net, but the keeper is still down. The referee's whistle goes, but not until the goal is scored.,1

Rrahmani goes in the book for taking his shirt off in celebration, but he will not care one bit if Napoli can see out these remaining minutes!,2

GOOOAAALLL!!!! INCREDIBLE!!! RRAHMANI SURELY WINS IT FOR NAPOLI!!! A free-kick into the Salernitana penalty area is not dealt with by the visitors, and the ball falls to the feet of Rrahmani. The centre-back keeps his composure, firing into the back of the net to put the hosts 2-1 up and spark wild celebrations!,1

Cajuste goes down before clutching his hamstring. He is forced to limp off, with Demme coming on in his place.,0

Having levelled from the penalty spot, Politano makes way for Zerbin as Mazzarri looks to further freshen up his team.,0

Mazzarri looks to his bench for the first time, replacing Gaetano with Raspadori. It's an attacking change from the Napoli head coach.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! POLITANO LEVELS FROM THE SPOT!!! The winger steps up, before coolly slotting into the bottom left corner. The goalkeeper guessed the right way, but the penalty was just too accurate and too powerful. 1-1!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! SALERNITANA LEAD THE CHAMPIONS WITH A STUNNING STRIKE!!! Bradaric plays the ball back to Candreva, who cleverly makes space for a shot with a neat touch. All of 25 yards out, Candreva then sends a superb looping effort past Gollini and into the top corner to put Serie A's bottom side 1-0 up!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! HAALAND NOTCHES HIS SECOND !! 2-0!!! Dortmund seal the win in added time as Haaland slides the ball home from close range. Brandt surges into space down the right, but he opts not to run for the corner. Instead slides a low ball across the face of goal. Haaland puts Haidara under pressure at the back post, and he does enough to get a boot on it to send it over the line, with the ball clipping the foot of the midfielder in the process.,1

Witsel handles the ball in a dangerous area. Leipzig have a free-kick in a good position in the final third.,2

Angelino slides in hard on Morey and goes into the book. There are a lot of hefty challenges going in at the moment.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! HAALAND CONVERTS THIS ONE!!! 1-0 DORTMUND!!! The visitors take a deserved lead as Haaland scores from close range. Brandt is played into space down the right flank and he cuts the ball back for Reyna in the middle. The midfielder knocks a delightful offload with a deft touch to his team-mate. Haaland collects the pass and delivers a crisp finish on his left foot past Gulacsi.,1

Florenzi looks to chip the ball off Valeri and behind for a corner, which he looks to do effectively, but the linesman points his flag towards Turati for a goal-kick. The full-back erupts into a fury and yells at both the linesman and the match official, who shows him a yellow card.,2

Once again in the lead, Milan make a change with defensive stability the priority. Giroud comes off with four minutes to go, with Musah thrown into the fray.,0

Brescianini won’t get a goal against his former side this time, with the full-back replaced by Reinier in an attacking change for the hosts.,0

With five minutes to go, Di Francesco is forced into another round of substitutions as they once again chase a result. Captain and goal scorer Mazzitelli is withdrawn in favour of Ibrahimovic.,0

ONE TOUCH, ONE GOAL! 3-2 MILAN! The super substitute has once again made an impact in front of goal, occupying Romagnoli during Okafor’s cross before latching on to the loose ball and dispatching a sliding finish past Turati! It’s taken him just under 60 seconds on the pitch, but he’s completely changed the game with nine minutes to go!,1

Seck was a thorn in the Milan defence's side all match but he's taken off with 13 minutes to go without a goal to his name. Valeri is chosen to turn the tides.,0

With the visitors wrestling back momentum of the game, Di Francesco looks to make a change that will put his side back in the ascendancy. Cheddira is introduced, with Jorge making way.,0

A FIRST MILAN GOAL FOR GABBIA! 2-2! In his 42nd appearance for the club, the Milan youth product puts his side level with his first strike in Serie A! Milan work a short-corner routine with the ball eventually bouncing to Adli on the left wing. The midfielder hooks a cross to the far post for Giroud, who prods it across the face of goal for Gabbia, who finishes with a spectacular diving header!,1

COMEBACK COMPLETE FOR FROSINONE! 2-1! The hosts play a free-kick in midfield short after Okafor’s handball, with Soule spotting the run of Mazzitelli through the middle. Bennacer tracks the run of the captain but Gabbia doesn’t come across to help, which allows the midfielder to slip his shot past Maignan and into the far corner!,1

The booked Loftus-Cheek makes way for Okafor, who scored the winner against Udinese in injury time two weeks ago.,0

Pioli withdraws both players who were shown a yellow card, as Bennacer makes his return from the Africa Cup of Nations to replace Reijnders in midfield.,0

Calabria takes his throw-in towards Pulisic, which prompts Harroui to kick out a leg in an attempt to win the ball. He misses it and instead catches the nose of the Milan winger, which earns the Frosinone winger a yellow card.,2

Reijnders slides into a challenge, catching Seck from behind right under the nose of the referee. It’s a yellow card for the Milan midfielder, which means he’ll miss Milan’s next match - against Napoli.,2

Loftus-Cheek lunges into a rash tackle that catches Gelli from behind, which earns the Milan midfielder a yellow card.,2

BRILLIANT PENALTY! 1-1! Soule steps up confidently and strikes the spot-kick with his left foot, sending it high into the goal. Maignan had gone the right way but he was able to do nothing about it, with the Argentina international putting his effort at the perfect height!,1

CLASSIC GIROUD! 1-0 MILAN! It’s a simple finish for the veteran striker, with Leao teasing a delivery to the far post. With Romagnoli out of position, the France international gets under it and powers his header past a diving Turati from close range!,1

Antony and Acuna say their goodbyes as the former departs. On comes the Uruguayan youngster Pellistri for United.,0

Sevilla make an attacking change, sensing the chance to pull a goal back before the return leg. Suso replaces Nianzou.,0

Acuna's battle with Antony isn't over. The Sevilla left-back's booked for his latest tackle on the Brazilian.,2

Antony gets into a petulant exchange with Acuna once he's fouled by the Sevilla man. He's shown the yellow card.,2

Fernandes becomes United's first booking of the game for blocking Gudelj's long-range shot with his back. The referee thinks it's handball. It shouldn't be a card, and Fernandes protests to no avail. He's right to be unhappy, as he'll now miss the second leg of this tie.,2

Casemiro slides into a challenge with Lamela ansd the Argentine leaves a boot on the United man. It's accidental, but the referee books him.,2

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 SEVILLA! It's Sabitzer at the double! Nianzou gives the ball away and Sevilla get punished. Martial has the presence of mind to find the Austrian's brilliantly timed run, and the midfielder slots home!,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 SEVILLA! Sabitzer hands United an early lead in this tie! The Austrian latches onto Fernandes' sliderule pass into the box and wastes no time in lashing the ball high past Bono.,1

Montiel's shown the yellow card for throwing the ball away in the aftermath of the free-kick. That's silly from him, as he'll miss the second leg now.,2

A LATE STRIKE MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! Real Madrid work a rapid counter-attack following Alcaraz’s effort on goal, with Vinicius prodding the ball forward down the left wing for the enterprising Nacho, who squares a pass across the face of goal for Joselu to tuck into an empty net!,1

One final attacking substitution for the visitors with six minutes to go sees Alejo take Navarro's spot.,0

Camavinga lasts 80 minutes against Cadiz before he's withdrawn, as Valverde gets an opportunity to stretch his legs.,0

Seven minutes after going behind by a second goal, Cadiz make another change as Ramos comes off in favour of Juanmi.,0

After having a hand in both of Real Madrid's goals, Diaz is given an early rest to allow Vinicius a chance to stretch his legs.,0

TWO MINUTES IS ALL IT TAKES! 2-0! Bellingham starts the passage of play by picking out Modric in the penalty area with an incisive pass, who in turn finds Diaz at the far post. Unselfishly, the scorer of the first goal turns provider, flashing a low cross across the face of goal for Bellingham to tap home just 120 seconds after entering the game!,1

DIAZ BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Modric plays a first-time pass into the feet of Diaz, who turns in the middle of four Cadiz defenders and curls an unstoppable effort into the far corner! It’s a sensational goal from the winger, who manages to get the ball out from under his feet for a shot with impressive speed!,1

Zaldua comes flying across looking to dispossess Diaz, but he catches the forward on the shin, immediately sending him flying to the ground. It’s a yellow card for the Cadiz full-back; the first booking of the game.,2

Liverpool's final roll of the dice sees Gordon coming on for the four minutes of stoppage time. He replaces for Gakpo.,0

DANNS SCORES AGAIN! Southampton create all their problems once more as Mac Allister wrestles Aribo off the ball. His cross is half-cleared by Smallbone, who only gets it as far as Bradley. Lumley makes a good save to keep his long-range strike out, but he parries it straight to Danns, who makes no mistake as he fires it into the back of the empty net. 3-0 Liverpool!,1

There's another debut coming for Liverpool here as 16-year-old Nyoni is being introduced in place of Elliott.,0

Walker-Peters, who came on just under 20 minutes ago, seemed to slip and hurt himself when he was chasing down Mac Allister a little earlier on. He goes back off the pitch, with Harwood-Bellis replacing him.,0

DANNS SCORES! Smallbone's return pass to Manning is too heavy, and he gifts it straight to Elliott. He plays a great reverse pass into the box for Danns to latch onto, and he keeps his composure to slide a lovely low shot past Lumley and in at the near post. 2-0 Liverpool!,1

There's another double change for Southampton now, and it's Adams, who has a good record in this competition that's coming on for Edozie.,0

And the goalscorer, Koumas, is also going off to a warm reception from the Anfield crowd. Danns comes on for him.,0

Liverpool are making a double change here, and Mac Allister is being brought on to sure things up in midfield. He replaces McConnell.,0

Southampton are making a double change here. Sulemana, who has arguably been Southampton's brightest player, is replaced by Armstrong.,0

Liverpool are making a change at the break, and it's Van Dijk that's going off, with Konate on in his place.,0

KOUMAS SCORES! It's a dream debut for the youngster! Clark cuts inside from the left, leaving Edozie in his wake, before sliding it into Koumas, who times his run perfectly. He takes it around Stephens before drilling a low shot on goal, and a deflection off Bednarek's heel wrongfoots Lumley and helps the shot roll into the near-bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

RED CARD FOR PAYET! The Marseille man receives his marching orders for that tired challenge on Verratti. There wasn't any malice in it but it was reckless so he has to go. Larguet pats his player on the back as he leaves the pitch.,3

Thauvin's number also goes up. The winger hasn't really been able to impact the game. Luis Henrique is on for him.,0

Next to leave the pitch is Paredes. It's a wise decision as he's running the risk of getting sent off. Pereira's on for him.,0

PSG make some substitutions. Neymar enters the fray, replacing Icardi. Icardi's been wayward here but still has a goal to his name.,0

Icardi gets a yellow card for that dangerous challenge on Mandanda. He had every right to go for that ball but did go in too full-blooded.,2

Gueye's booked for a very poor challenge in midfield. The referee let play on initially until Icardi headed way over the bar.,2

Paredes is booked for getting up in the referee's face after that Kamara foul. He's done it a few times now.,2

GOAL! MARSEILLE 0-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Marseille are unlucky to be 2-0 down. Florenzi's cross from the right doesn't look dangerous with Icardi heading away from goal. It hits Icardi's back and loops over Mandanda into the far corner.,1

PSG make an early change then. Di Maria walks off. Thankfully it looks precautionary more than anything else, but it's a shame given his impact on this game given his short time on the pitch. Sarabia replaces him.,0

GOAL! MARSEILLE 0-1 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! That was a lightning counter-attack by PSG! What a start for the visitors! Mbappe shows his immense speed to latch onto Di Maria's throughball, skip over a challenge and beat Mandanda at his near post.,1

Balerdi is replaced by debutant Raschl for the final 25 minutes. It has been a tough day at the office for the departing player.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! DORTMUND 0-4 HOFFENHEIM! FOUR FOR KRAMARIC! Incredible! Burki dives the right way to his right but is unable to keep out Kramaric's powerful penalty. What a day this is turning out to be for the Croatia striker.,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! DORTMUND 0-3 HOFFENHEIM!! HAT-TRICK FOR KRAMARIC!! Sloppy defending from Dortmund once again as they fail to deal with a loose ball. Bebou plays a simple ball through the heart of the hosts' defence and Kramaric cuts inside Piszczek before tucking through the legs of Burki.,1

Favre has made a double substitution at the interval. Sancho is on for Guerreiro in the first of those changes.,0

Balerdi is booked for a foul on Bebou, or possibly for kicking away the ball in frustration after the whistle was blown.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! DORTMUND 0-2 HOFFENHEIM!! Kramaric doubles his personal tally for the day to give the visitors a two-goal lead! Skov collects Bebou's pass and gets a shot away. The effort is not on target but Kramaric is stood in an onside position in front of goal and helps it on its way past Burki.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! DORTMUND 0-1 HOFFENHEIM!! Dortmund may have started the match well, but they find themselves a goal down inside eight minutes. Kaderabek is slipped in down the right and pulls the ball back for Kramaric, who sends a first-time shot spinning away from Burki from 20 yards.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HAT-TRICK FOR SALAH!!! LIVERPOOL HAVE FOUR!!! Salah notches his third goal of the afternoon compounding the misery for Cook and Bournemouth. The forward latches on to Lallana's flick over the top and beats Cook for pace. There's still work to do as he rounds Begovic. Salah does push the ball slightly too far to the left, but he recovers and beats Begovic for a second time before poking his effort past Ake and Cook on the line. A clinical finish.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!! LIVERPOOL 2-0!!! A mistake by Cook allows the Reds to double their advantage. The Bournemouth defender misplaces a pass and it allows Firmino to release Salah, who surges towards the edge of the box. Cook tries to clip his ankles, but the forward maintains his balance. He strikes with his left foot and although it's not clean contact, the ball travels between the legs of Ake and into the back of the net. A fine finish from the Egyptian.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH CONVERTS ON THE REBOUND!!! LIVERPOOL 1-0!!! The Reds get the breakthrough as Salah pounces on a rebound and dispatches his effort into the net from close range. Firmino was afforded space and time to fire at goal from distance. Begovic made the stop, although he palmed the ball out into the middle of the box. Salah was the first to react and he guided his effort past the Bournemouth keeper, although there was a hint of offside.,1

Robertson makes a brilliant run into Chelsea's half from the edge of his own box and Alonso gets a booking for bringing him down. ,2

Klopp is trying to run down the clock a little now with his final change as Gomez comes on to replace Salah.,0

The yellow card is out again and is shown to Milner this time after he slid into a challenge on Zouma.,2

Once again, Chelsea feel they should've had a free-kick that they didn't get and Kovacic has talked himself into a booking.,2

Klopp makes his first change of the game following Chelsea's goal and it's Milner that comes on in place of Mane. ,0

GREAT GOAL FROM KANTE! He turns past Fabinho wonderfully and then isn't closed down as he makes the run to the edge of the box and sets himself for the shot. He fires his effort past Adrian and into the top right corner. 2-1!,1

Christensen is in a lot of pain as he's helped down the tunnel by the medical team and Lampard brings on Zouma to replace him.,0

FIRMINO SCORES! Minutes after Chelsea have a goal ruled out, Liverpool double their lead! A free-kick on the left is crossed brilliantly into the box by Robertson and Firmino rises higher than anyone else to get his head on it and send his effort past Kepa. 2-0 Liverpool!,1

Tomori is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Henderson as he slid in to try and win the ball.,2

There's an early change here for Chelsea as Emerson has to come off the field with an injury. Alonso comes on to replace him.,0

ALEXANDER-ARNOLD PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD! The away side have a free-kick on the edge of the box which Salah just drags backwards into the right-back's path. Alexander-Arnold runs onto it and fires his effort straight into the top right corner. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

HE'S OFF!!! Busquets loses out to Falcao on the edge of the Barca box, and catches the Rayo striker with an elbow and is shown a second yellow card!!! In what's been a massively frustrating match for Barca, things get even worse as their captain heads down the tunnel!,3

Dimitrievski takes an age to take the resultant free-kick, and after plenty of time has passed, he's shown a yellow card by the referee for time wasting!,2

Barca flood forward in numbers, with Lewandowski leading the charge, but he's pulled back by Ciss in the most tactical of tactical fouls, and the Rayo midfielder is penalised and booked.,2

Alba is the next off for Barca, and in his place are attacking reinforcements in the form of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.,0

Palazon is down in the Barca box having picked up a muscle injury, and Salvi Sanchez will come on in the Rayo winger's place.,0

Busquets is all over Trejo as the Rayo captain looks to advance over halfway, and his pulling back of the Argentinian sees him booked by the referee.,2

Barca make another change, with Pedri coming off for Franck Kessie to make his debut for the Blaugrana.,0

Busquets is again in the thick of things, being caught late by Falcao and winning a free-kick in a good position for Barca. Falcao is booked for the foul.,2

Rayo also make some alterations, with Camello replaced by one Radamel Falcao up front for the visitors.,0

Raphinha's threatened significantly in his first Barcelona outing, but he's withdrawn now for Ansu Fati.,0

Lewandowski steals the ball off Lejeune and looks to race down the left wing, but Lejeune pulls him back by his shirt, and is penalised and yellow carded by the referee!,2

Catena catches Lewandowski late and shoves the Barca forward to the ground, warranting a free-kick and yellow card from the referee.,2

Pedri looks to turn and spark a Barcelona break, but Trejo's all over him and brings him down cynically to say the least. The Rayo captain is shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2

Dembele barges into Ciss and up-ends the Rayo midfielder inside his own box, with the unnecessary challenge warranting a yellow card from the referee.,2

PEREIRA!!! IT'S 5-0! And it's an error from Schlager! Following a quickly taken free-kick, Pereira tries his luck from distance and hits the jackpot as the LASK goalkeeper can only help the ball over the line.,1

GREENWOOD MAKES IT 4-0!!! United hit LASK on the counter as Chong picks out Greenwood with a terrific pass. The forward darts into the area before drilling a low shot past Schlager at his near post.,1

United make their final change as Mason Greenwood is introduced for the last five minutes. Ighalo makes way.,0

MATA!!! 3-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! Fred demonstrates terrific vision before executing a wonderful through ball for the Spaniard, who sets himself before calmly slotting past Schlager.,1

United also turn to the bench. Fernandes is given a well-earned rest as he is replaced by Andreas Pereira.,0

JAMES MAKES IT 2-0!!! United double their lead as Ighalo feeds a neat through ball to the Wales international, who cuts inside before drilling a low shot into the bottom corner.,1

A bright start to the second half from the hosts results in Shaw being shown a yellow card for fouling Reiter.,2

Trauner is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Ighalo with his arm. It was unintentional but enough for the referee to reach for his notebook.,2

IGHALO!!! 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! What a finish! Good persistence sees the ball break kindly for Fernandes, who demonstrates good awareness to pick out Ighalo on the edge of the box. The Nigerian neatly juggles the ball to set himself, before firing a ferocious left-footed strike home off the underside of the crossbar.,1

IT'S SEVEN! GREALISH SCORES! He's put through on goal down that left channel yet again, and he has all the time in the world to stroke it past Adrian.,1

Firmino off, Milner on. Grealish has today become the first Villa player to assist three goals in a Premier League match since Milner back in 2010.,0

GOAL! SIX! SIX GOALS! Grealish gets in on the act, and yet again it's a horrible deflection. Villa press Firmino in midfield, Watkins finds Grealish in his customary place on the left and his right-footed shot takes a huge deflection off Fabinho and into the bottom right.,1

GOAL! Salah has his second, it's 5-2! Firmino finds him at the edge of the area and he takes one touch before firing into the bottom-right corner with his left foot. ,1

GOOOALLL! FIVE! BARKLEY! He's gone close more than once tonight and he gets his reward for some hard work in this game. He hits a left-footed effort from the edge of the area and it deflects again, spinning up off Alexander-Arnold's boot and into the top-right corner.,1

GOOALLL! It's FOUR, Watkins with a hat-trick! Wow! Liverpool are absolutely all over the place from a deep free kick. It comes to Trezeguet in acres of space on the left and he puts in a simple cross. Watkins is one of three players who could turn it in for Villa and he heads home with aplomb.,1

Barkley baits Van Dijk into a yellow card. He tries to burst in behind yet again and though he over-runs it a little, he touches it beyond the defender and draws a foul.,2

GOOALLL! It's 3-1, McGinn via a deflection! He hits a low left-footed volley as a corner is cleared to him at the edge of the area, and the ball deflects off the shin of Van Dijk and past a wrong-footed Adrian.,1

GOOOALL! Moments after Barkley misses, Salah scores and Liverpool have it back to 2-1! Jota brings the ball in from the left, Keita spins in the area to feed it on to Salah, and he thrashes it into the roof of the net. Game on!,1

GOOOALLLL! It's 2-0, it's Watkins again, and it's an absolute stunner! Grealish threads him in down the left with an excellent pass and the new boy just drives infield, leaving Gomez in his wake before firing a rocket of a shot into the top-right corner. Brilliant.,1

GOOOALLL! Villa lead 1-0, Watkins scores his first Premier League goal after a horrible mistake from Adrian! He takes an age to control a pass from Robertson then sells Gomez dreadfully short. Grealish picks up the loose ball and squares it for Watkins to sidefoot home.,1

A second Everton change sees Lookman replace Bernard for the final minutes - this one more a tactic for the Toffees to wind down the clock.,0

Still time for Arsenal but it's Everton who are asking all the questions. The Toffees have a corner on the end of yet another threatening break, but the Gunners are adamant that it should be a goal kick, and their protests fall upon deaf ears. In fact, Monreal is booked for dissent at the end of it all.,2

Very cynical from Mustafi who knows he's beaten by Calvert-Lewin and shows no restraint in impeding the striker's run as he sends him flying to ground up against the touchline. It's an obvious yellow for the centre-half.,2

A first change of the afternoon for Everton sees Walcott come on in place of Richarlison, and the ex-Arsenal player receives a loud ovation from both sets of supporters.,0

Ozil hands the captain's armband to Ramsey as he makes his way off, replaced by Iwobi for the final 15 minutes.,0

Gomes sees yellow and that seemed inevitable as he's finally penalised for what is more an accumulation of fouls than anything else.,2

Two changes at the break for Arsenal, the first of which is an attacking change in midfield as Ramsey comes on for Elneny.,0

Aubameyang is also on to join Lacazette in attack, replacing Kolasinac. A signal of inent from Emery.,0

It's yellow for Sokratis after a moment of deliberation from the referee. That was incredibly cynical from the Arsenal centre-half, but definitely not enough to warrant red.,2

ARSENAL PEGGED BACK - EVERTON LEAD 1-0! A long throw from Digne - where his heel just appeared to be on the line - is flicked on at the near post and not dealt with by Arsenal, as it eventually bounces kindly into the path of Jagielka who turns it into an empty net from five yards!,1

Guendouzi picks up a yellow card as he arrives late and stomps on the foot of Digne, unintentionally, which leaves the full-back on the ground in need of some treatment.,2

Late Leicester substitution now, with Vardy coming off the pitch with a knock and he has been replaced up top by Iheanacho.,0

Another booking now, this time it is shown to Winks, after he stops Maddison in his tracks as he looks to turn and set up another Leicester attack.,2

Dier is booked after he fouls Barnes and then argues the decision with the referee and he may have been booked for dissent, rather than the challenge itself.,2

Ndidi is booked for his late challenge on Bale, handing Spurs a free-kick in a decent shooting position.,2

Third and final Tottenham substitution now, with Aurier heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Winks.,0

Leicester make their first substitution of the game now, with Castagne coming off and he has been replaced by Amartey.,0

Tottenham have been forced into making a change, with Lo Celso coming off with an injury and he has been replaced by Moura.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Leicester lead 1-0! Vardy converts from the penalty spot, he smashes the ball straight down the middle. What a finish to the end of the first half for Leicester.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Albrighton after he tries to stop a Spurs counter, by catching Kane. The referee allowed play to continue, with Tottenham going on the attack, but he then came back and booked the Leicester man.,2

Bayern make their second change of the game as Rodriguez comes off and is replaced by Martinez. The Colombian has been absolutely superb today.,0

The hosts make their first substitution as Ribery comes on to replace Coman. The Frenchman has caused Caligiuri problems all game.,0

GOAL! Gnabry makes it three! Coman easily gets the better of Caligiuri down the left-hand side before picking out Lewandowski in the box. The Polish striker’s attempted bicycle-kick towards goal is nodded into the bottom left corner of the net by Gnabry. 3-1.,1

Lewandowski receives a yellow card after going in late on Caligiuri down the right-hand side of the field.,2

GOAL! Lewandowski again! Rodriguez, on the edge of the box, picks his head up and plays the pass into the feet of Lewandowski. The Polish striker found himself through on goal and made no mistake with the finish as he fired it beyond Fahrmann and into the top-left corner. 2-1.,1

GOAL! Schalke are level! McKennie picked the ball up in the middle of the park and slid the ball through to his right for Kutucu. The Schalke forward kept his cool and slotted the ball into the bottom left corner and beyond Ulreich following a fast counter-attack. 1-1.,1

Looking to protect their key players ahead of Wednesday's crucial clash with PSG in the Champions League, Real Madrid replace Benzema with Mariano.,0

FANTASTIC FOOTBALL! 4-1! Casemiro sprays a long pass over the top of the defence for the run of Carvajal, who gets on the end of the pass in space. The right-back drives forward into the penalty area before cutting it back to Asensio, whose first-time effort beats Remiro!,1

NO DOUBT! 3-1 REAL MADRID! Benzema steps up and lashes his penalty into the right corner of the goal - sending Remiro the wrong way. The France international finally has his goal after putting the ball in the net twice to no avail!,1

Zubimendi is on for former Real Madrid midfielder Illarramendi as Real Sociedad continue to search for a solution from the bench.,0

Zaldua's mistimed challenge on Casemiro gets him in trouble with the referee - who shows the Real Sociedad player a yellow card.,2

NO DOUBT ABOUT THAT ONE! 2-1 REAL MADRID! Benzema and Carvajal work a short-corner routine, with the striker finding Modric 25 yards from goal. The Croatia international cuts inside and hammers a shot that evades the outstretched palm of Remiro!,1

WHAT A HIT! SENSATIONAL! 1-1! It’s a strike of impeccable quality as Camavinga receives a pass from Modric 35 yards from goal and dispatches a thunderous effort that beats a full-stretch Remiro!,1

GOAL! 1-0 REAL SOCIEDAD! Oyarzabal steps up and with a hop, a skip and a jump - the winger dispatches his penalty low into the bottom corner, putting it just beyond the outstretched arm of Courtois.,1

Rudiger picks up a yellow card now, for what looks to be a conversation the referee was less than impressed with.,2

Burn picks up a booking now which the Brighton man protests for his challenge, allowing Chelsea to make their changes.,2

GOAL! ADAM WEBSTER LEVELS FOR BRIGHTON! 1-1! It's arrow-straight for the Seagulls man, with a superb free header! He runs unmarked in from the back, around the defence, and buries it past Kepa to put his side back in the hunt!,1

Alonso gets flashed with the first yellow card of the game for a sharp foul to hack down Lamptey before he can get away from the chasing defence.,2

GOAL! HAKIM ZIYECH NETS A CORKER FOR CHELSEA! 1-0! What a wonderful goal from the Blues - and the goalscorer seems almost as surprised as Robert Sanchez that it goes in! He plays a one-two with Kante, and sizes it up after a back-pass just outside the right of the box. It sails towards the bottom corner and just nestles in off the goalkeeper's glove. The visitors strike first!,1

Sanchez is pick-pocketed at the base of midfield by Neves, who neatly lays it off. Bonatini passes to an onrushing Traore and the substitute fires it in at the near post! West Ham are facing four straight defeats!,1

Jota is replaced on Wolves' right wing by Adama Traoré, no doubt with a view to tormenting Cresswell even more.,0

It turns out that West Ham have responded over the break, as Snodgrass has been replaced by Yarmolenko.,0

Fredericks is booked for a hefty challenge on Jota, who'd just turned and started going off on a run through midfield.,2

Hummels will have to give way here, as Sule takes his place for the final minute - though there should be another 90 seconds added on to the four minutes as a result of that stoppage.,0

Tempers boiling over! An absolutely exquisite piece of defending from De Ligt sees him snuff out the run of Gnabry and then impressively start his side forward, before being caught by a late challenge from the substitute. Blind takes exception and comes over to his aid, with Onana needing to calm him down. Gnabry sees yellow for the challenge.,2

Perhaps sensing a bit of an opportunity to claim maximum points here, Ten Hag brings on Dolberg for Ajax. The striker will of course play up top, replacing Neres, with Tadic moving out wide.,0

A bit of frustration setting in for Bayern, and James specifically, who commits a foul and then drop-kicks the ball away in frustration. He will be booked as a result.,2

A first swap for Ajax and it comes in midfield as Van de Beek, who will surely lose sleep after that latest missed chance, is replaced by youth product De Wit, who makes his debut in the competition proper.,0

A second change for Bayern sees Gnabry come on for Ribery. Two new wingers on for the hosts now as both Ribery and Robben have been withdrawn.,0

Blind catches Muller late with a challenge near the halfway line, and that will see the defender, turned midfielder tonight, into the book.,2

Ajax break threateningly following a Bayern corner, and a sumptuous bit of skill from Ziyech results in a dangerous foul from Martinez, which prompts a gathering of angry Ajax players who come to their team-mate's aid. The referee initially looked as though he wasn't going to award further discipline, but after a bit of contemplation he shows the midfielder a yellow card.,2

AJAX HAVE PULLED IT LEVEL! 1-1! Well it was looking bleak for them following that early Bayern goal, but they've responded really well over the last 10 minutes and have their just reward! Mazraoui bursts forward from right-back, playing a delightful one-two with Tadic, before guiding a delicious finish beyond the reach of Neuer with his weaker left foot!,1

Ribery looks to break quickly following an Ajax corner and Van de Beek takes one for the team, tugging on the shirt of the Frenchman to prevent a counter. It's a professional foul, but also a clear yellow card.,2

THAT DIDN'T TAKE LONG! Bayern lead 1-0! Some poor defending from Ajax as no one marks the run of Hummels towards the back post, allowing the defender to latch onto Robben's perfect cross and head home from close range!,1

Balerdi made his Bundesliga debut at the weekend, and now he's on for his European debut. Hakimi the man replaced.,0

Second yellow card for Weigl, he's off! He catches Soucek late and gives the referee no other option!,3

GOAL! Right on cue, Brandt puts Dortmund 2-1 up! It's simple stuff - Sancho finds a pocket of space on the left wing, he plays it into Brandt who lashes a left-footed shot in between Kolar and his near post.,1

GOAL! It's 1-1, Soucek levels things up! Slavia put together a really excellent move down the right. As the ball comes in from Masopust, Skoda chests it down and while he can't keep it fully under control, Soucek is there to swipe it home. Great goal. There is a VAR check both for offside and to check for a potential handball on Skoda, but the goal was a fair one.,1

Boril is booked for a foul on Hakimi, and he isn't at all happy about it. There wasn't a lot of contact, and Hakimi stayed down for a long while.,2

GOAL! Sancho scores, 1-0 Dortmund! It's a lovely move from the home side. Akanji lays the ball off for Brandt in midfield, and the German plays a beautiful side-footed pass in behind for Reus, breaking in behind down the right channel. He squares it to the accompanying Sancho for a tap-in at the back post.,1

Bournemouth are making a late double change as they try to salvage a point. Billing is the first to go off, with Stanislas on for him.,0

Final change for Leeds now, and it's a defensive one as they look to preserve the three points. Aaronson makes way, with Ayling on to replace him.,0

SUMMERVILLE SCORES! What a turnaround by Leeds! It was Bournemouth that were caught out on the counter this time, with Gnonto starting the move from deep in his own half. He drives forward before threading it through to Summerville, who keeps his cool to fire his shot past Travers into the back of the net. 4-3 Leeds!,1

Leeds are making their third change before the corner can be taken. Rodrigo, who scored the opening goal, goes off for Gelhardt.,0

Bournemouth are making their first change of the game. Fredericks, who went down injured a few moments ago, is now making way for Stacey.,0

COOPER EQUALISES! The corner is whipped into the box by Greenwood and he puts it into the far post. Cooper is tussling with Mepham, but he stoops to thump his header past Travers, who doesn't see it coming, and into the bottom corner. 3-3!,1

Tavernier is away down the left again, and he loses Greenwood before Kristensen takes over. The right-back slides in, taking out Tavernier as well as Adams, and he's booked for it.,2

GREENWOOD PULLS ONE BACK! And what a goal it is! It's patient build-up from Leeds as they work it from right to left, and Summerville tees up Struijk, who sees a powerful shot blocked. The rebound rolls nicely to Greenwood on the edge of the box, and he curls his first-time shot into the far top corner. 3-2!,1

Mepham leads with his elbow in an aerial duel with Rodrigo, catching the Spaniard in the head, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

SOLANKE SCORES! Leeds are caught on the counter again, and they're made to pay for it! Tavernier has space to run into down the left again, and he fizzes a low cross into the box. Solanke is off-balance, with Adams tight to his back, but he manages to flick the back heel over the line. 3-1 Bournemouth!,1

Leeds are making a change at the break. Gnonto comes on to make his home debut on his 19th birthday in place of Harrison.,0

Lerma makes no attempt to play the ball as he steps in to block Summerville's run, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

BILLING SCORES! And Bournemouth have turned this game around! It's a long ball over the top from Mepham that picks out Tavernier's run and his shot across goal is parried by Meslier. He keeps it alive though, pulling it back for Billing, who lifts a brilliant first-time effort into the top corner, giving the keeper no chance. 2-1 Bournemouth!,1

TAVERNIER EQUALISES! It's a great response by Bournemouth! Billing spins away from Struijk on the right to open up space for the cross. Koch flicks it away in the middle, but only to the unmarked Tavernier, who hits the shot on the half-volley, and Meslier can't keep it out despite getting a hand to it. 1-1!,1

RODRIGO SCORES! As cool as you like, the Spaniard slots it home! He takes a casual run up from the edge of the box and just hesitates before striking the ball as Travers leans to his left. Rodrigo then opens his foot to roll it to the keeper's right into the back of the net. 1-0 Leeds!,1

Hunou looks to be clear through on goal following a PSG giveaway in midfield and the captain is forced to break up the attack with a lunging tackle that earns him a yellow. ,2

Bernat is replaced by Kurzawa as Tuchel feels he can rest some of his players following PSG's flurry of goals.,0

PSG ARE IN FULL CONTROL NOW! 4-1! The Rennes defence is out of sorts following an attack and a lovely Draxler pass gets both Mbappe and Cavani through on goal in an onside position. The France international bears down on goal, forcing the goalkeeper to change his positioning but his pass to Cavani essentially gives the number nine an open goal to shoot at - which he hits with accuracy!  ,1

MBAPPE’S FIRST OF THE NIGHT IS HIS 18TH IN THE LEAGUE! 3-1! Koubek passes it out from a goal-kick to Grenier who turns and realizes he has no options to pass to before losing possession to Draxler. From there, the midfielder looks up and slips a pass to Mbappe who blasts it into the bottom corner! It’s sloppy from Rennes and it has cost them!,1

Traore goes in for a heavy sliding challenge and fails to get any of the ball. He’s shown the game’s second yellow card. ,2

DI MARIA’S LITTLE CHIP MAKES IT 2-1 PSG! The hosts regain the lead through the Argentina international after a fantastic first-time pass played from Silva in defence eludes the entire Rennes defence and allows Di Maria to burst into the penalty area onside and unmarked. With typical class, the winger waits for the goalkeeper to make a move before chipping it over the diving Koubek and into the back of the net!,1

Niang dives in extremely late with an uncontrolled tackle and quite clearly puts his studs into the ankle of Kehrer. The striker is shown a yellow card for the moment, but VAR is being put to use as this could potentially be a challenge worthy of a red!   ,2

NIANG EVENS IT UP WITH A BACKHEEL! 1-1! Bourigeaud slips a wonderful ball through the gap between Bernat and Kimpembe for Traore who puts a low cross into the penalty area for Niang.  Closely marked by Silva and inside the six-yard box, the striker manages to beat Buffon with an incredible backheel touch! The visitors are back on level ground!  ,1

CAVANI OPENS THE SCORING IN UNDER 10 MINUTES! 1-0! Kimpembe plays a spectacular defence-cutting pass through the heart of Rennes for Di Maria on the left. The Argentina international has a moment to control it and look up, before putting a wonderful cross into the area for Cavani to attack! Clinical with his head – the PSG number nine makes no mistake from close range and puts the hosts a goal ahead!,1

Forest are awarded a free-kick in the corner of the pitch after Garnacho is penalised. Eriksen appeals to the referee, albeit a little too much for the liking of the official, who books him.,2

United also turn to the bench as the clock ticks down towards stoppage time. Reguilon replaces Wan-Bissaka.,0

Moments after his introduction, Mangala trips Diallo to prevent the winger from threatening the Forest defence. He is booked as a result.,2

Elanga is also given a well-earned breather following an impressive display against his old club. The winger is replaced by Boly, who returns from suspension.,0

A triple substitution from Forest as they look to shore things up. The first sees Toffolo introduced in place of Aina at left-back.,0

Garnacho goes into the book for a trip on Gibbs-White, who had neatly cut inside from the right wing.,2

GIBBS-WHITE!!! 2-1 FOREST! A devastating counter by the hosts, who regain the lead! Following Turner's save to deny Eriksen, Forest quickly break at the other end. Elanga is found in space on the right flank and cuts inside before teeing the ball up for Gibbs-White, who wonderfully sweeps a powerful first-time attempt into the bottom-right corner from the edge of the area.,1

The hosts turn straight to the bench and goalscorer Dominguez makes way to be replaced by Hudson-Odoi.,0

RASHFORD!!! 1-1! It's a howler from Turner! Having just got away with one, the goalkeeper looks to play a pass to Danilo just outside the penalty area. It is brilliantly anticipated and intercepted by Garnacho, who slides to intervene and then squares the ball for Rashford to neatly slot a first-time shot into the bottom-right corner.,1

World Cup winner Montiel, who provided the assist for Dominguez's goal, makes his way to the touchline to be replaced by Williams.,0

DOMINGUEZ!!! 1-0 FOREST! The deadlock is broken at the City Ground! A lovely move by Forest sees Elanga picked out Montiel in the box. The full-back then has the presence of mind to square the ball for Dominguez, who sweeps a first-time shot beyond Onana and into the bottom-left corner.,1

Varane trips Elanga to prevent the former United winger embarking on a dangerous charge towards the penalty area. The defender is booked.,2

Dalot also goes into the book following that incident involving Gibbs-White, assumingly for something he said to the official.,2

Gibbs-White is penalised following a couple of sliding challenges on McTominay and Evans. The Forest midfielder vents his frustration towards the referee and is booked for his troubles.,2

Liverpool make their final change - Mane off, Clyne on. Unsurprisingly, they're settling for this result.,0

Jonny is replaced by Vinagre - a like-for-like switch. You can't see how Wolves will get back into this now.,0

GOAL! This game looks done. Liverpool take this corner short, bamboozling the Wolves defence. Robertson angles in a cross from deep that Bennett kicks clear, but only as far as Salah just outside the area. Salah puts the ball straight back into the box and Van Dijk is on hand to tap the ball into the net! 2-0 Liverpool. ,1

GOAL! 1-0 Liverpool. Liverpool win a free-kick on their left - to Wolves' surprise they take it short. It drops to Fabinho who is tailed by Neves. The Brazilian plays a quick one-two with Mane on the flank and cuts back to Salah, who impudently flicks the ball past Patricio with the outside of his left foot!,1

Josete Miranda is on for Unai with Getafe's latest change. We're going to have four added minutes of magic.,0

Cucurella sees yellow now for a pull on Isco, as the Madrid man - a clutch player if there ever was such a thing out there this evening - looks to break.,2

Angel is possibly lucky to not get a red card there. Pushing deep on the left wing, he gets into a tussle for the ball with Blanco and promptly elbows him in the face. It'll just be a yellow.,2

That's a cynical challenge on Arambarri from Vinicius and the latter is shown a yellow card for his efforts in hacking down the former on the break. Getafe are going to get a set-piece chance from just over 30 yards out in the central channel.,2

GOAAAL! ERIKSEN MAKES IT 2-0! Eriksen is in the right place at the right time as the ball drops to him just outside the six-yard box. He adjusts his body position and swings his left foot at the ball, firing it past Guaita. ,1

GOAAAAL! SON PUTS SPURS AHEAD! Son dribbles along the edge of the area, setting himself up for a left-footed shot. A huge deflection wrong-footed Guaita and sent the ball into the bottom-right corner. ,1

Alli loses control of the ball in Palace's half and runs into a challenge with Milivojevic. The England international catches the Palace man and is shown a yellow card. ,2

GOAL!!!! Jorginho squeezes his penalty past the fingertips of Martinez into the bottom right-hand corner, and at 3-1, it looks like Chelsea will be taking all three points back to West London!,1

A yellow card for Konsa, and it's more of a surprise that it isn't red! He was the last man after all!,2

Cash cuts inside Alonso and steams towards the box, before he's brought down by the Chelsea left-back for a free-kick. Alonso is also yellow-carded for his troubles.,2

Mings hauls Lukaku down as the Chelsea striker looks to turn into the box with the ball, and he is yellow-carded as Villa prepare to defend this dangerous-looking free-kick.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL!!!!!! Chelsea take the lead!!!! Hudson-Odoi has time and space on the left, and whips in a cross that's met by the head of Lukaku. His glancing header flies straight past the immobile Martinez and into the top corner to make it 2-1 to Chelsea! What a header!,1

GOAL!! Jorginho steps up for Chelsea, and does what he does best, slotting the ball into the back of the net and leaving Martinez with no chance! 1-1!,1

Another red card is shown, this time to Castillejo who appears to be making comments towards the referee from the Milan bench. The match official has already sent Saponara off for something similar, and he has no hesitations to do it again. ,3

Bonaventura is replaced by Conti, which is done to fill the void left in defence by the expelled Calabria. ,0

CALABRIA IS SENT OFF! The Milan right-back mishits a pass, which allows Kouame to get forward on a counter-attack. Instinctively, Calabria pulls the striker back, but he had already been booked, which leaves the referee no choice but to send him off! Milan are now down to 10 men as well!,3

Genoa make a change in attack as they continue to chase a result. Pinamonti is removed in favour of Favilli. ,0

Lerager slides into a crunching tackle on Paqueta and catches him, forcing the referee to award the Genoa player a yellow card. ,2

Biglia mistimes his attempt to win the ball and catches the shin of a Genoa midfielder - earning himself a yellow card for the infringement. ,2

KESSIE MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT! The review was certainly dragged out, and Kessie was made to wait even longer as the referee made sure to have a word with the goalkeeper about where his feet are placed, but the Milan midfielder sends his strike perfectly into the bottom-right corner! 2-1 Milan! ,1

THE PENALTY IS AWARDED BUT THERE’S MORE DRAMA! The referee comes away from the review and points towards the penalty spot because of the handball on Biraschi, but he is also shown a yellow card for stopping a goal-scoring opportunity! The man who replaced Criscito in the first half is sent off! ,3

HERNANDEZ MAKES IT 1-1! Bonaventura gets dragged to the turf in the Genoa half, and Paqueta has the presence of mind to take the free-kick quickly to Hernandez, who made his way up the pitch in support. The left-back cuts into the penalty area and manages to lift it past Radu despite an extremely narrow angle at the near post! ,1

Saponara is shown a red card after yelling at the referee from the substitute’s bench following a suspected head injury sustained by a Genoa player. Saponara - the former Milan midfielder - will not be eligible to come on as a substitute; which could prove an issue should Milan find themselves back in the game.,3

Calabria is shown a yellow card for a slightly reckless dive into Radovanovic while attempting to win the ball. ,2

SCHONE MAKES IT 1-0 GENOA! A free-kick from an extremely long way out is no problem for the former Ajax dead-ball specialist as he drives his effort towards goal - taking all of the spin off of the ball. Reina drops to one knee to parry it, but the trajectory of the ball takes it right past the goalkeeper and into the net!,1

Genoa go into a number of sliding challenges on the edge of their own penalty area as Hernandez and Piatek come forward to build an attack. The referee pulls back play and shows Zapata a yellow for his tackle - which gives Milan a free-kick in a wonderful position to strike at goal.,2

BAMFORD SCORES! Raphinha's cross is blocked by Mee, but he only gets it as far as Shackleton, who fizzes a dangerous ball back into the six-yard box. It was heading wide until Bamford stuck out a leg and turned it in from very close range. 1-1! ,1

It looks like Struijk just slips as he goes to tackle Vydra, but the ball is long gone and he brings the player down which results in a yellow card.,2

WOOD SCORES! Leeds just don't get their lines clear and Burnley recycle it with Westwood swinging another cross into the box. Lowton drills a low shot on goal but Wood is standing just in front of Meslier and taps it in from close range. 1-0 Burnley!,1

Rodrigo clips the back of Taylor's heels in his attempts to stop his run and has his name taken by the referee.,2

Mee slid in late and caught Bamford with his studs in an attempt to stop his run and is shown a yellow card.,2

Phillips has made a couple of fouls now and he's just stepped across Barnes, getting nowhere near the ball. He picks up a yellow card.,2

It was a rash challenge from Barnes as he lunged in with a high foot on Dallas as they both went for the bouncing ball. They both gingerly get back to their feet and the forward is booked.,2

Raphinha flicks the ball onto Bamford and Brownhill lunges in to stop him from reaching it. He brings the forward down and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOAL! SUPER SIX FOR ASTON VILLA! 6-1! Douglas Luiz caps off a memorable win for the hosts after Watkins sees his chance for a fourth saved by Steele. His team-mate is there to seize on the follow-up though, and guides it into the back of the net!,1

Duran marks his appearance off the bench with a booking, after he kicks the ball away following a break in play.,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA HAVE FIVE! 5-1! Ramsey marks his appearance off the bench with a goal of his own now, to complete what has been a sensational rout by the hosts. Watkins turns provider this time, teeing up the substitute for a corker of a finish, curled in off the right post from outside the box!,1

Dunk is the latest man into the book. It's not readily obvious why, but it may be for some words to the referee.,2

Fati and Konsa come together after a challenge now, and it is a yellow card for the Brighton man. He appeared to drop a knee into his opponent’s lower back.,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA RESTORE A THREE-GOAL LEAD! 4-1! It’s the hat-trick for Watkins, and what a strike to seal it with too! He makes the initial break, and plays an excellent one-two with McGinn, but it is the finish, lofted off his left foot with a nice deflection to beat Steele at the right post.,1

GOAL! BRIGHTON CLAW ONE BACK! 3-1! It’s a first Premier League goal for Fati, as the substitute makes an instant impact! A fast free-kick from Pedro sends Aston Villa scrambling at the back, and a botched clearance goes straight to the Barcelona loanee at the right post for an easy finish!,1

Welbeck is into the book too, with a yellow card for a lunge that takes Kamara’s legs out from beneath him.,2

Now Digne is into the book as he cuts down a Brighton counter-attack, and the referee shows him a yellow card without hesitation.,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! It’s a brace for Watkins, as the hosts turn defence into attack and torment Brighton with a sensational counter. Diaby releases him down the left flank, where the striker turns his markers inside out and tucks a finish home at the near post!,1

GOAL! ASTON VILLA SEIZE THE LEAD! 1-0! Watkins carves open Brighton at close-range and the hosts are on top! McGinn does clever work in the middle, slides Cash down the right flank into the box and then the latter squares for the striker to tap in six yards out.,1

The first booking of the game goes to Douglas Luiz after he brings Gilmour down in cynical fashion following a Brighton break.,2

Xavi makes an alteration in the middle of the park, with Pedri making way. Romeu slots into midfield.,0

GOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-0 BARCELONA! Fort picks out Roberto between the lines and he drives into the penalty area, bursting past the challenges of the Almeria defence. He arrives in the box and pulls it back to Fermin, and he sends a first-time strike into the bottom corner, leaving Maximiano with no chance!,1

GOOOOAAAAAALLL!! 1-0 BARCELONA!! Martinez fires the ball out wide to Fort, and he cuts inside onto his right foot before sending a dangerous cross to the back post. Fermin arrives unmarked from just a few yards out, and he powers a header into the back of the net!,1

Mallorca are also making further alterations in this stop-start finale. Giovanni Gonzalez takes Morlanes' place.,0

Camp Nou rises to salute Busquets, the midfield metronome who has won 32 trophies during his remarkable spell with Barca. He embraces former partner Xavi on the touchline as Garcia takes his place.,0

Torres comes on for Barcelona, as the lively Dembele makes way. That will be the first of a double switch, with Busquets about to get a huge ovation.,0

And there's an emotional farewell for Alba. The left-back is in tears as he is serenaded by a capacity crowd at this famous old venue. He has been an outstanding servant during a decorated 11-year spell with Barca, but his final home outing is over as Alonso comes on.,0

GOAAAAAAL! GAVI GETS BARCELONA'S THIRD! Dembele plays a neat pass to Gavi just inside the penalty area, and the Barca midfielder brilliantly shifts the ball to his left foot and fires into the top-left corner! Great goal, and it's certainly game over now. 3-0!,1

GOAAAAAAAL! TWO FOR FATI, TWO FOR BARCA! Mallorca's resistance is broken as Fati races onto another excellent flick from Lewandowski to prod beyond Greif at his near post! This could get messy for Mallorca!,1

Balde's involvement is cut short as a result of Ndiaye's reckless challenge. Roberto comes on in his place at right-back.,0

RED CARD! MALLORCA DOWN TO 10! The referee watches Ndiaye's tackle back, and it was certainly a dangerous one, scything Balde down close to knee height. His yellow card is upgraded to a red, and the visitors have a mountain to climb now!,3

GOAAAAAL! FATI PUTS BARCA AHEAD! The champions lead within one minute as Gavi races onto Lewandowski's deft pass around the corner, before squaring to an unmarked Fati to tap into an unguarded net. 1-0!,1

Kudela is the next player to receive a yellow card following his foul on Messi near the halfway line.,2

Barcelona make their third switch of the game as Rakitic is brought on to replace Busquets in midfield.,0

Stanciu is shown a yellow card for his challenge and Barcelona now have a free-kick on the edge of the box.,2

Semedo is shown a yellow card by the referee for tugging back Semedo just outside the right-hand side of the box.,2

Olayinka is shown Slavia Prague's first yellow card for tripping over Semedo in a dangerous position on the right flank.,2

Pique is shown the first yellow card of the match after tugging back Olayinka near Slavia Prague's left flank.,2

EIBAR MAKE IT 2-0 IN THE CLOSING STAGES! A corner for the hosts is nodded out of the penalty area by Savic, who only puts it onto the edge of the 18 for Exposito. The midfielder manages settles the ball down and calmly rolls it into the corner of the goal!,1

Enrich makes his way slowly to the touchline, as Charles will be given a chance to stretch his legs with three minutes left.,0

Joao Felix will watch the rest of the match from the bench, as Camello comes on to see out the remaining time.,0

Leon goes off to a chorus of applause as Cristoforo takes his place in a defensive switch with just over 15 minutes left.,0

Burgos brings Morata down in midfield, as the goal-scorer attempts to slow the pace of the Atleti striker. The visitors look best on the counter-attack, so it’s a yellow card the centre-back is willing to take.,2

Frustration gets the better of Saul, as the wide defender sticks his knee in the back of Leon during an aerial duel. It’s a yellow card for the Atleti left-back.,2

EIBAR HAVE A GOAL SCORED AFTER VAR! 1-0! Leon whips a corner-kick to the near post, where Enrich meets it to flick it on with his head. Burgos waits at the other side of the six-yard box and smashes it past the goalkeeper! After a brief check for offside, the goal is allowed to stand!,1

Dunk is yellow-carded for bizarrely clattering into Dias, as Brighton take a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Silva makes it three!!! A poor kick from Sanchez ends up with De Bruyne flicking the ball to Silva, who's left-footed effort flies past Sanchez into the back of the net to make it 3-0.,1

Webster is the next Brighton player to go in the book, again for pulling Silva back as the Portuguese midfielder looked to counter.,2

It's 2-0!!! A corner ends up with Foden having the ball, and the youngster lets fly from 30 yards out. The shot deflects off Mwepu and completely wrongfoots Sanchez, before nestling into the bottom corner.,1

City take the lead!!! Mahrez is the scorer, as De Bruyne lays the ball off to him via a couple of defections after a great run. The Algerian winger then sidefoots the ball into the back of the net, despite Dunk's last-ditch efforts, and it's 1-0 to the hosts.,1

Dias comes on for Ake at the break, as he makes his return from a lengthy spell on the sidelines through injury.,0

Le Normand enters the book for a clumsy foul on Luuk de Jong, as Barcelona look to eat up a few precious seconds.,2

It's also time for Barcelona to make a change, as Pique finally leaves the pitch to a round of jeers from the home fans. He's defended solidly despite playing through the pain barrier all game, and is replaced by Lenglet.,0

Barcelona's first change sees Garcia replace Araujo, who went down immediately after intervening to block Isak's cross, and looks in real discomfort.,0

Araujo becomes the first man to enter the book for that challenge, but the set piece comes to nothing.,2

GOAAAALLL! Aubameyang gives Barcelona the lead just seconds after they had hit the post! The Blaugrana keep the attack alive through Gavi, and Torres chips the ball to the back post after being picked out by the youngster. Aubameyang is there to nod home, and the visitors lead!,1

Tonelli is booked for a silly foul from the restart and Inter have a free-kick that will surely help them eat down the clock.,2

BROZOVIC TO SURELY WIN IT FOR INTER! 1-0! There's no need for a second look with this one; from a free-kick out on the left wing, Inter tip it in and a defensive header puts it straight to the Croatia star who blasts a low shot through the fingertips of Audero. The visitors look like they have snatched three points - at last! - in the most dramatic of finales.,1

Defrel is meanwhile booked for his celebration as the VAR check continues. There will be five added minutes when we resume.,2

Inter make two changes as they refresh their lineup. The first sees Dzeko make way for Sanchez after a brilliant display.,0

And De Vrij makes it 3-1! Brozovic sends an inviting corner to the back post where Dumfries heads it into the six-yard box. De Vrij pounces and fires a low strike through the dive of Celeadnic and into the bottom corner!,1

GOAL! Vidal restores Inter's lead! 2-1. Barella finds Dzeko on the edge of the box and the striker draws in a defender before releasing Vidal who squeezes in a low strike at the near post from eight yards!,1

GOALLL! THILL! SHERIFF EQUALISE! 1-1. Dimarco hauls over Bruno, presenting Sheriff with a promising free-kick 30 yards out. Thill — who scored the winner against Madrid — steps up and curls a sensational effort over the wall, beyond Handanovic and into the top corner!,1

The Sheriff captain, Castaneda Velez, is replaced by Radeljic as the visitors switch to a back three for the second half to match up Inter.,0

DZEKO! 1-0! Inter take the lead. Dimarco's outswinging corner is flicked on by Vidal and finds its way to an unmarked Dzeko at the back post. Dzeko promptly smashes a powerful volley back across goal and into the top corner! Celeadnic stood no chance!,1

Edouard started the game up front but failed to have a shot in the match. Rak-Sakyi is on for the final three minutes.,0

Fulham make a straight swap in the attack. Jimenez is replaced by Vinicius, who scored the winning goal in the game against Luton.,0

Fulham make their first change of the game. Pereira is usually an influential figure but has been quiet since the restart. Iwobi made a big impact off the bench against Luton and is being tasked with doing the same today.,0

Palace make the first change of the game. Schlupp has been fantastic in this game and put Palhinha and Ream on yellow cards, but he is now coming off. Mateta takes his place.,0

Cordova-Reid wins possession inside Palace's half and attempts to drive forward with the ball. He originally escapes Mitchell before being fouled by the left-back, who is shown a yellow card.,2

The third yellow card of the game goes to Ayew, who fouls Palhinha in the air. The Fulham man is still on the floor and is receiving treatment.,2

Ream fails to clear away Ward's chipped pass into Schlupp, who escapes him before being dragged to the floor moments before getting into the box. The centre-back is then shown a yellow card.,2

Palhinha is shown the first yellow card of the game for pulling back Schlupp, who was breaking away with the ball.,2

Clearly frustrated, Cash clatters into Barco after being beaten by some fleet footwork. That's a needless booking for the Villa substitute.,2

Soaking up a few more seconds, Brighton replace their star man today, Adingra. Barco is sent on for the final minutes.,0

In response to his side taking the lead, De Zerbi makes a double change. First, Moder comes on for Welbeck.,0

BRIGHTON LEAD! Despite Olsen saving his initial spot-kick, Joao Pedro reacts quickly to race towards the rebound and nod the ball in from close range! It nestles in the back of the net, and that puts the home side 1-0 up with only a few minutes left to play!,1

With the Amex atmosphere dulled by Brighton's disallowed 'goal', Villa make another change. Duran replaces Diaby and will support Watkins up front.,0

Having body-checked Cash on the touchline, Adingra can have no complaints about receiving a merited yellow card.,2

Watkins is felled by Gross in midfield, and the referee judges that the contact from the Brighton man's studs is sufficient to show the game's first yellow card.,2

Finally, after a bemusing delay, Cash comes on to replace the injured Rogers. He is likely to play on the right wing, so that could mean a reshuffle of Villa's front four.,0

Potzmann is booked for holding back Martinez and Inter have a free-kick in a promising position on the left-hand side.,2

Hofmann is booked for a late challenge on Martinez who was grounded for a while, but is now back on his feet.,2

GOOOAL! Inter take a 1-0 lead! Lautaro Martínez puts the visitors in front with an emphatic penalty into the roof of the middle of the net. ,1

Another Young Boys change now, with Ngamaleu heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Schick.,0

Young Boys make their first substitution just after the Juventus goal, with Fassnacht replaced by Bertone.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Juventus pull one back, it's 2-1! What a strike by Dybala! The substitute produces a superb volley straight into the bottom corner, giving Wolfli no chance of saving that. Can the visitors get another and turn this game around?,1

Another yellow card, this time shown to Garcia for his late challenge on Bernardeschi deep down the right wing.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Young Boys double their lead, it's 2-0! Hoarau once again the man with the goal for the Swiss side. It was a lovely ball into the path of Hoarau by Ngamaleu and as the Juve defenders backed off he spotted an opportunity and went for goal from the edge of the box, firing the ball into the bottom corner.,1

Here is the second Juventus change of the game, with Pjanic coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Can.,0

Bernardeschi is the first Juventus player to be booked, after he brings Fassnacht down as the midfielder tried to break on the counter-attack.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Young Boys lead 1-0 after Hoarau converts from the penalty spot. However, Szczesny was so close to saving that! The Juve keeper gets a hand to the ball and manages to push it onto the post, but it hits the inside of the post and trickles over the line.,1

Here is the enforced Juventus change, with Cuadrado limping off the pitch with an injury and he has been replaced by Alex Sandro.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI! What a header! Bayern have four on the night, it's 7-1 on aggregate! Bayern's talisman rises highest in the area to thunder a header past Caballero. Brilliant.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! TOLISSO! So simple! It's 3-1 Bayern and 6-1 on aggregate! Coutinho looks left to Lewandowski, who swings over a wonderful cross which finds Tolisso completely unmarked inside the six-yard box for a volleyed finish straight through Caballero.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! ABRAHAM! This one will count! Neuer's error gifts Abraham a goal to pull this second leg back to 2-1. Emerson gets forward again on the left and drills in a low delivery, which Neuer spills at the feet of the Chelsea number nine. He could not miss.,1

Emerson collects a needless yellow card. He runs all the way to the corner flag to chase Goretzka but then dives in on the Bayern midfielder, getting nowhere near the ball.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! PERISIC! Chelsea shoot themselves in the foot for number two! It's 5-0 on aggregate! Kovacic is caught in possession by Muller, giving Bayern a four-on-two advantage in the final third. Perisic is all alone on the right side of the area and slides a finish under Caballero.,1

GOOAAALLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI! Bayern extend their lead! It is 1-0 on the night and 4-0 on aggregate. Lewandowski, felled by Caballero, lifts himself to beat the goalkeeper, shooting inside the right-hand post.,1

Schar's rocket of a header was the perfect way for Newcastle to round off the scoring, and he also comes off late for Paul Dummett to see the game out.,0

Guimaraes comes off to a hero's reception by the Newcastle faithful, and youngster Joe White is brought on in his place with the clock ticking down towards full-time.,0

Matt Ritchie is also brought off the bench for the final seconds by Eddie Howe, with Anderson withdrawn amidst a party-like atmosphere at St. James' Park.,0

Lewis Hall's on late to see things out for Newcastle, and he'll replace Barnes out wide on the left edge.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! A bullet header makes it 4-0 to Newcastle!! Gordon whips in the Magpies' 16th corner of the match, and this one comes up trumps, being met by Schar, whose powerful headed effort flies beyond Vicario, across the face of goal, and crashes into the back of the net!!! Utter domination on Tyneside, as three Newcastle points are rubber-stamped late on.,1

Murphy pulls up with cramp having played solidly in an unfamiliar right-back role for Newcastle, and Tino Livramento comes on late to see the game out in his favoured position.,0

Now wearing the captain's armband for Spurs, Maddison recklessly catches Murphy high as the pair contest a 50-50 ball and immediate goes into the referee's book.,2

Postecoglou also brings off his captain Son, with Dejan Kulusevski coming on in his place in a switch that will likely see Werner move into the centre-forward role.,0

Bentancur is also withdrawn in the double-pivot, with Pape Matar Sarr entering the fray in his place for Spurs.,0

A triple-change coming now for Spurs, with the booked Bissouma first off and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg brought on in his place.,0

Romero's poor pass out of defence leaves Spurs in trouble as Guimaraes wins the ball, but he's soon taken to ground a sliding challenge from the Argentine which earns him a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!!! It's three for the Magpies!!! Guimaraes dispossesses Son and fires a long ball forward for Isak to run in behind. The Swede has Van de Ven beaten for pace, and engages Vicario before calmly slotting underneath the goalkeeper into the bottom corner!! 3-0 to Newcastle, and that should see the hosts home from here on in.,1

Porro has pulled up with an injury following that Newcastle chance and can't continue, so Emerson Royal comes on at right-back in his place for Spurs.,0

Bissouma slides in very late indeed on Anderson, who is crunched in the tackle as the ball spills out. It's a yellow card early in the second half for the Spurs midfield, and one he can have absolutely zero complaints with.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! It's 2-0 less than two minutes later!!! Almost straight from kick-off, a bizarre Porro back-pass is hit straight into the path of Gordon, and Van de Ven is beaten all ends up as the winger bypasses him to smash home Newcastle's second from close range!! Bedlam in the stands and bewilderment on the faces of the Spurs players, as Newcastle double their lead almost instantly!,1

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! A peach of an opener for Newcastle!!! Gordon tussles with Udogie for possession from a Guimaraes clearance and does absolutely brilliantly to come away with the ball. He slips it in to Isak, who cuts inside Van de Ven's challenge to fire a superb curling shot beyond Vicario and into the bottom-left corner!!! Lift off at St. James' Park, and the hosts deservedly lead 1-0!!,1

Murphy and Gordon spring into action as Newcastle win possession and race forward on the counter once more. Gordon is then caught between sliding challenges from Werner and Van de Ven, with the latter's protests earning him a yellow card from the referee!,2

GOOOAAALLL!!!!!! DOBBIN MAKES IT 2-0!!!! Instead of taking a corner short and trying to keep it there, Garner decides to whip it into the box. It proves to be a great decision as the substitute goalkeeper Petrovic fails to punch clear the delivery, sending it straight into the path of Dobbin. The youngster sets himself before firing into the back of the net to spark wild celebrations and surely make the points safe for Everton!,1

Maatsen also comes on for Cucurella. Can the young substitute make an impact over these final six or so minutes?,0

Pochettino is forced into another change. This time it's between the sticks as Sanchez limps off for Petrovic.,0

Dyche freshens up his attack, replacing Calvert-Lewin with Beto. The former Udinese striker netted off the bench against Newcastle and will be looking to make a similar impact here.,0

Jackson comes on for Broja, who failed to find the target with his only shot during his time on the pitch and struggled to make an impact.,0

In an attacking change, Pochettino brings on Sterling for Fernandez. Sterling, a former Liverpool player, receives a hostile welcome from the home crowd.,0

Branthwaite goes in the book for catching Broja not far outside the Everton box. Perhaps more worryingly, Chelsea will have a free-kick in a great shooting position.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!!!!! DOUCOURE FIRES EVERTON IN FRONT!!! The Toffees catch Chelsea on the counter, and McNeil slides a delightful pass into the path of Calvert-Lewin. Sanchez races out to close the angle and make the save from Calvert-Lewin's initial effort, but the ball only finds its way to the incoming Doucoure, who rifles into the back of the net. 1-0 to the hosts at Goodison Park!,1

Dyche is forced into another first-half change as Young limps off for Patterson. This has been a frustrating outing for the hosts so far.,0

James is forced off through injury and is replaced by Colwill. The Chelsea captain has had a torrid time of late in terms of his fitness, and both he and Pochettino will be hoping this fresh worry isn't too bad ahead of the busy upcoming schedule.,0

Palmer receives a yellow card for simulation after trying to win a penalty by trailing his leg in the box. Branthwaite didn't bite, and though Palmer did get up and try to play on, the referee blows and issues the Chelsea man a card.,2

Gueye goes in the book for a poor challenge on Fernandez. He went straight through the back of the Argentina international.,2

Caldirola's all over Vlahovic as he brings down a high ball, and the striker is eventually brought to ground, winning a free-kick and resulting in a yellow card for the Monza substitute.,2

Ciurria who has switched to the left, tries to halt the momentum of Soule, dragging back the Juve substitute to concede a free-kick. The goal-assisting wing-back is booked for his troubles.,2

Miretti comes off for Juve in midfield, and is replaced by another young playmaker in Nicolo Fagioli.,0

Juve finally make their first change off the game, bringing off the largely ineffective Kostic for a different kind of threat up front in Moise Kean.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLL!!!!! Magnificent from Monza!!!! It's been coming, and now Serie A's bottom side have taken the lead against the mighty Juventus!!! Rovella finds Ciurria wide to his right, and he cuts back inside before looping a left-footed cross to the front post. Gytkjaer ghosts in behind the defence and stabs a first-time finish beyond Perin and into the bottom corner!! 1-0 to Monza, and now the question is can they hang onto their lead?,1

Defender Santos is the third player withdrawn for the hosts, and is replaced at the back by Luca Caldirola.,0

New Monza manager Raffaele Palladino makes a triple substitution, there first of which sees Sensi come off for Andrea Barberis.,0

RED CARD!!! Di Maria attempts to evade Izzo's attention, but gets frustrated and lashes out wildly at the Monza defender. He appears to catch him in the chest with an elbow, and the red card is out almost as soon as Izzo hits the floor!,3

Bremer flies in on Mota as he looks to escape the Juve defender on the far touchline, and the yellow card is out for the Brazilian, the first one of the match.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! WOLVES 1-3 CITY!!! City have their third goal through Jesus' heavily deflected shot. De Bruyne wins back the ball inside the opposition box and Jesus takes over by sending a shot past Patricio via a telling touch off Coady at the near post.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! WOLVES 1-2 CITY!! GAME ON! Podence nutmegs De Bruyne and sends in a delightful cross for Jimenez, who powers a header away from Ederson to give Wolves some real hope here.,1

Traore has been very quiet in the first half. He gets the wrong side of Mendy here, though, and is caught by the City left-back.,2

Jesus, who has been frustrated with some tackles made on him in this first half, catches Neto and is the first player to be booked.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! WOLVES 0-2 CITY!! The visitors deservedly double their lead through a superbly worked team move. After some one-touch passing outside the box, De Bruyne slips in Sterling and he pulls it back for international team-mate Foden to slide home from close range.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! WOLVES 0-1 CITY!! De Bruyne tucks the penalty towards the bottom-right corner. Patricio dives the right way but is unable to get to it. Last season's PFA Player of the Year is up and running for the 2020-21 campaign!,1

Wolves are forced into an early change. Marcal hobbles off on his home debut to be replaced by Vinagre.,0

GOAAAALLLL 3-0 PSG!!!! Weah finally gets his goal after his narrow miss just moments ago but Samba pretty much gifts him the strike. The Caen keeper receives possession near his six-yard box but he thinks he has all day and Weah charges at him before making the tackle and bundling the ball home. Bizarre goal but they all count!,1

Neymar leaves the field to a chorus of cheers and on comes Weah for the final 10 minutes of action in this Ligue 1 game.,0

Caen winger Ninga has been a passenger for the majority of the game so Stavitski will now get the chance to prove he belongs in the starting XI.,0

Di Maria picks up an assist for his efforts tonight and on comes Draxler to try and grab a goal with 20 minutes remaining.,0

Diarra makes way for Diaby and he receives a round of applause. Not the hardest night's work for him but he still did well to break up any Caen attack.,0

GOAAALLL 2-0 to PSG! Midfielder Rabiot cannot miss from close range but that was another devastating team move from the Ligue 1 champions. A mistake in the middle of midfield from Caen released Di Maria who teed up Rabiot at the back post.,1

GOAALLLLL PSG 1-0 Caen - Neymar is off and running for the new Ligue 1 season as he keeps his cool when under pressure. The Brazilian latched onto a through ball before placing the ball past Samba with ease. What a start for Tuchel!!!,1

Jackson, who scored the second goal for Chelsea, is taken off. Tauriainen comes on for his Premier League debut.,0

Postecoglou rolls the dice and makes another alteration. Gil enters the fray, with Johnson being replaced.,0

Pochettino makes his first change of the game, with Mudryk heading towards the bench. Casadei comes on in his place.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!! 2-0 CHELSEA!! Palmer is there to take the free-kick, and his curling effort cannons off the bar with Vicario scrambling across his line! It falls to Jackson, and he heads into the back of the net from the rebound, with the Tottenham goalkeeper struggling to get back to his feet! It's a huge goal for Pochettino's side!,1

Van de Ven brings down Jackson as Chelsea looked to counter-attack, and the referee awards the first booking of the game.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 CHELSEA!! The Blues win a free-kick and Gallagher and Palmer are standing over it, with the former delivering into the penalty area. Chalobah rises above Emerson at the back post, and his header loops into the top corner over Vicario! It's a superb finish from the defender! There's a VAR check... but the goal stands!,1

Kobbie Mainoo also enters the fray in the latter stages for United, with McTominay - one of their best performers in this game - withdrawn.,0

The now-leading visitors also make a pair of changes, with Jonny Evans coming on for Amrabat in defence.,0

Rodrigo Duarte Ribeiro will also come on to freshen up the Forest midfield, replacing Danilo in the centre of the park.,0

Forest make a late double-change as they now seek to chase down their 1-0 deficit, with captain Yates replaced by Giovanni Reyna in midfield.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! Deadlock. Broken!!! Rather than your conventional in-swinging cross into the box, Fernandes drills the free-kick low and in towards the near post. Casemiro makes the crucial run to steer the bouncing ball goalwards, sending it through the legs of Turner and into the back of the net!!! There's a lengthy VAR check for offside in the aftermath, but it's eventually given the green light and United lead 1-0!!,1

Origi's been one of Forests' biggest threats in the final third thus far, but comes off now for Callum Hudson-Odoi to provide a similar threat in the final throes of the 90.,0

Elanga drives beyond Lindelof and into the final third before being hauled to ground by the defender, who picks up the first yellow card of the game for that cynical foul!,2

Antony is withdrawn in the first substitution of the match, with Amad Diallo on to replace him out wide for the Red Devils.,0

Bastoni is booked after he clatters into the back of Berardi, stopping the striker from turning and breaking forward on the counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! It's now 4-3! Sassuolo are throwing everything at this game and Boga has now put them within one goal of Inter. It's a wonderful run from the Sassuolo man, beating three Inter defenders, cutting inside from the left wing and placing the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Sassuolo pull one back, it's 4-2! Djuricic with a good finish from just inside the penalty area, passing the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net through the legs of a few Inter defenders. Caputo moved out wide and drilled the ball into the path of his team-mate, who produced a fine finish.,1

Another Inter substitution now, as Candreva comes off and Lazaro replaces him for his first taste of Serie A football for the visitors.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Martinez steps up to take the penalty and he converts to make it 4-1 to Inter! Lukaku misses the chance to get his hat-trick as Martinez takes responsibility and he makes no mistakes with the finish, sending Consigli the wrong way.,1

Sassuolo make their second change of the game, with Traore coming off and he has been replaced by Duricic.,0

Sassuolo have made their first substitution of the game, with Obiang coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Boga.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Lukaku converts the penalty and makes it 3-1 to Inter from the spot! A second goal for the Belgian, he sends Consigli the wrong way, putting the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

Magnanelli is booked after he brings Martinez down right on the edge of the penalty area and it hands Inter a free-kick in a very good shooting position.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Lukaku makes it 2-1 to Inter! That's his fourth Serie A goal of the season. Peluso doesn't get close enough to the striker as De Vrij drills the pass into Lukaku's feet and the Belgian turns him deep inside the penalty area and then powers the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1

Obiang is the first player to be booked after his late and strong challenge on Barella. The Inter man stays down, but it looks like he should be fine to continue.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Sassuolo are level, it's 1-1! Berardi with a superb finish, getting past Biraghi in the penalty area and drilling the ball past Handanovic and into the far left-hand corner of the net, with his weaker right foot.,1

GOOOAAALLL! What a start for Inter, they lead 1-0 after just two minutes! They won a corner early on, which Sassuolo initially clear, but the visitors work the ball back into the final third and it comes to Martinez on the left-hand side of the box, he cuts inside and curls it into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Palace have another goal! It's 4-3, what a game! The visitors haven't given up just yet. Wickham cushions the ball down for Meyer who smashes the ball past Alisson, to make it a very interesting at the end of the game.,1

No hat-trick for Salah today, he is replaced by Camacho late on, who slots into the vacant right-back position.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool have their fourth goal! The hosts should now have the game wrapped up, it's 4-2 with just a couple minutes of added time remaining. The Reds broke forward on the counter, with Robertson feeding the striker and he then slides the ball underneath Speroni from a tight angle.,1

HE'S OFF! Milner is shown a second yellow card and then receives his marching orders after his late challenge on Zaha. The winger just gets to the ball before Milner and the right-back was already committed to the challenge, a clear foul and booking.,3

Poor challenge by Milner, he slides in on Zaha and brings the winger down before he could break into the box. The referee shows him a yellow card.,2

Palace make their first change of the game in the aftermath of Liverpool's third goal, with Kouyate coming off and he has been replaced by Schlupp.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead once again, it's now 3-2! Huge mistake by Speroni and it hands Salah one of the easiest goals he will ever score in a Liverpool shirt. Milner was played in-behind and he just manages to keep the ball in, chipping the ball into the air and Speroni fails to deal with the ball, tipping it behind him and Salah races in to smash the ball into the net on the goal line. It looks like the Palace keeper tried to tip the ball over the crossbar, but he got it all wrong.,1

Liverpool make the first substitution of the game, with Keita coming off and he has been replaced by Shaqiri.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Palace equaliser, it's 2-2! The visitors have their first corner of the game after Ayew's shot is blocked. Tomkins is unmarked at the far post, he powers his header into the bottom corner. He made it look easy, but poor defending by Liverpool to allow Palace back into this game.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead, it's 2-1! Firmino is given far too much time and space in the box as he is fed the ball by Keita, he has time to control the ball and then pick his spot, placing the ball in the bottom corner, with a slight deflection taking it out of the reach of Speroni.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool are back in the game just seconds after the restart, it's 1-1! Salah with the equalising goal, a real poachers goal after a long range deflected shot by Van Dijk loops up in the box and Speroni gets caught in two minds, whether to come and collect or stay on his line. In the end he gets caught in no man's land and Salah sneaks in to flick the ball past the Palace keeper, with no defenders anywhere near him.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Palace lead 1-0! The goal comes against the run of play, with the visitors breaking forward on the counter-attack and they have the lead at Anfield. Zaha bursts past Milner down the right wing, gets into the box and pulls the ball back to Townsend who was sprinting into the area and he slides the ball under Alisson and into the back of the net.,1

Ezzalzouli has been superb in this game, and the youngster comes off to rapturous applause as Alejandro Balde comes on.,0

Roco isn't happy with the officials, as he thought that Gaviria was offside before setting up Gonzalez. His dissent is aptly punished by the referee, and his yellow card means he'll miss his side's next match.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! That might just win it for Barca! Some silky play on the edge of the box puts Gaviria through on the left side. He cuts it back for Gonzalez, and the substitute takes a touch before firing the shot into the top corner, to make it 3-2 to the hosts!,1

Elche look to break through Perez, but he's brought down from behind by Garcia as he knocks the ball past him. We reckon that won't be the last yellow card of the evening, judging by the nature of this game at the moment.,2

Gumbau takes out Dembele with no intention whatsoever of getting the ball, and is rightfully booked by the referee. There's been some fairly aggressive challenges flying in, and the ref really does need to keep control of this game to avoid it spilling over.,2

De Jong's been very good for Barca, and on comes Riqui Puig to replace him for the last 15 minutes of this game.,0

Milla drags back Araujo by the shirt and impedes his movement, and the referee brandishes the game's first yellow card.,2

GGGGGOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! There's the equaliser!!!! It's an astonishing goal as Elche come forward again, and a cross to the far post is met by Milla, whose diving header with his first touch bounces in off the left post and makes it 2-2!!! What on earth has just happened?,1

GOOOAAAALLLLL!!! What a strike!!! Elche break after Barca pile everyone forward, and it comes to the substitute Morente on the right side of the box. He passes Lenglet, and smashes it past Ter Stegen to make it 2-1! Game on!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! Barca make it two!!!! Gaviria slaloms through Elche's midfield, and sidesteps their defence, before knocking an effort from the edge of the box past Badia's outstretched glove and into the bottom left-hand corner! What a night this is becoming for the next generation of Barca stars!,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!! There's the opener!!! Ezzalzouli wins a corner and in it comes from Dembele. It's a good cross, and it's Jutgla who rises highest to head the ball into the far corner on his first La Liga start! What a finish, and what a moment for the youngster who makes it 1-0 to Barca!,1

GOAL! Minamino makes it 3-0! Brentford try to play it out from the back, but Firmino wins it off Norgaard right on the edge of the box and he lays it off to Minamino. They then play a quick one-two in the six-yard box, before Minamino slides the ball home from close range. Poor by Brentford, they’ve handed Liverpool a goal on a plate there.,1

GOAL! Liverpool double their lead! Oxlade-Chamberlain heads home from close range to make it 2-0! A lovely cross is whipped into the penalty area from the left wing by Robertson and Oxlade-Chamberlain gets in behind the Brentford defence and sends his header into the back of the net. Great finish.,1

Brentford have made their first change of the game, with Henry coming off and he has been replaced by Canos.,0

GOAL! Liverpool take the lead just before the break! Fabinho gets away from his marker at the far post as a corner is whipped into the penalty area from the left by Alexander-Arnold and Fabinho powers a header into the bottom right corner of the net. They lead 1-0!,1

Ajer is shown the first yellow card of the game after he dives into a challenge with Jota and catches him late, getting nowhere near the ball. No complaints by the Brentford defender.,2

Beto rolls past Berge on the left touchline, with the Burnley man pulling his shirt back. He is then shown a yellow card. Everton are getting closer to securing a huge three points.,2

Kompany is putting on another forward to put Everton under pressure in the last few minutes. Amdouni comes on for Taylor.,0

Assignon looked bright on the right for Burnley but is now coming off for experienced forward Rodriguez in an attacking change.,0

Everton make their first change. Calvert-Lewin scored the only goal just before half-time and is replaced by Beto, who started the last match.,0

Kompany makes a change immediately after O'Shea's red card. Bruun Larsen has looked quiet on the wing and is replaced by Brownhill, who should solidify the midfield.,0

RED CARD TO O'SHEA! Burnley are down to 10 men after O'Shea is shown a straight red card. The defender takes a loose touch, with McNeil poking the ball away from him before being taken out by a slide tackle from the defender. He denied a clear goal-scoring opportunity!,3

GOALLLL! CALVERT-LEWIN SCORES! 1-0 EVERTON! The hosts take a fortunate lead! Muric has possession on the edge of his own box but takes too long to pass the ball away. Calvert-Lewin gets in front of him and blocks the ball, with it looping over the goalkeeper and into the net.,1

Odobert gets past the halfway line and rushes beyond Gomes, who kicks his leg and goes into the book.,2

Perez is booked for what seems to be not very much. That about sums up the Leganes midfielder's day. ,2

Solari makes his final substitution. Benzema, who's been solid as ever, is replaced by Gonzalez for Madrid.,0

Vinicius gets a deserved rest now that Madrid are home and dry. Diaz replaces him for his Madrid debut.,0

WHAT A GOAL BY VICINIUS! Pick that out! Odriozola crosses towards the far post. Vicinius curves his body just right and arcs a beautiful volley straight past Cuellar. That was spectacular. 3-0 Madrid, and this tie is surely done.,1

GOAL! 2-0 Madrid! You thought they'd score but not like that. What an error by Leganes! Bustinza sells Cuellar short with a terrible back-pass. The keeper rushes out, but Benzema is first to it and passes back to Vicinius. The Brazilian could shoot but smartly lays off to Vasquez who thumps the ball into an empty net. Shambolic defending there. ,1

Nacho is booked for a foul deep in Leganes' half. Leganes try to find Braithwaite from the free-kick but have no joy.,2

It's no surprise to hear that Leganes have replaced Gumbau at half-time. He was run ragged in the first half. Silva replaces him.,0

GOAL! 1-0 Madrid! Ramos steps up to take the penalty and coolly rolls it to Cuellar's right - his 100th goal for club and country! It's a lead you could argue they just about deserve.,1

Odriozola quickly makes amends for his error. After his lucky escape earlier, this time there's no doubt for Gumbau. The full-back tugs at Odriozola's shirt and gives away a penalty for Madrid! Gumbau is booked.,2

Liverpool are making a triple change as they look to see out their win. Robertson is the first to go off, with Tsimikas on for him.,0

Liverpool are making their first change now. Elliott is taken off, with Milner replacing him as he makes his 600th Premier League appearance.,0

Salisu took a heavy touch which allowed Elliott to nick it back. The defender tries to make up for his error, but trips him and goes into the referee's book.,2

And Caleta-Car, who is on a yellow card, is also taken off. Maitland-Niles is on for him, gesturing that there'll be a change to three at the back.,0

Southampton are making a triple change here. Stuart Armstrong is the first player to go off, with Walcott on in his place.,0

NUNEZ SCORES AGAIN! It's another quick move from Liverpool, as Thiago slides it down the left for Robertson to chase. He fizzes a dangerous low cross into the middle and Nunez slides in to poke it past Bazunu on the edge of the six-yard box. 3-1 Liverpool!,1

NUNEZ SCORES! Southampton just can't clear their lines, despite many opportunities to do so. Elliott eventually picks out a team-mate with his cross, and Nunez gets behind Salisu to volley his first-time shot out of Bazunu's reach and into the far-bottom corner of the net. 2-1 Liverpool!,1

ADAMS EQUALISES! Ward-Prowse steps up to take Southampton's free-kick on the right and he whips a wonderful cross onto the edge of the six-yard box. Alisson had come off his line, but the forward gets there in front of him and thumps his header into the back of the net. 1-1!,1

FIRMINO SCORES! It's Robertson that swings in the resulting free-kick on the right for Liverpool and Firmino gets in front of Elyounoussi as he moves towards the ball. He has his back to goal, but glances his header on. He gets enough on it to lift it over the crowd and into the far-bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

Salah knocks the ball past Caleta-Car, who just steps across the Egyptian to block his run. He picks up an early yellow card.,2

Valverde is also withdrawn as the clock ticks towards 90, and Dani Ceballos replaces him in midfield.,0

Bellingham has been outstanding for Madrid, dominating in almost every facet of his game and getting the scoring up and running with the assist for Vinicius' opener, and comes off now for Joselu to lead the line late on.,0

Eduardo Camavinga also comes on late, replacing the hat-trick scorer Vinicius following a performance for the ages from the Brazilian.,0

The veterans switch places for almost-victorious Madrid, with Luka Modric replacing Kroos in midfield late on.,0

A goal and an assist has been light work for Rodrygo in this game, and he's withdrawn now for Brahim Diaz - who netted in extra time against Atletico - to see out the remainder of the final for Madrid.,0

HE'S OFF!!! Things go from bad to worse for Barcelona as Araujo is shown a second yellow card. Another challenge on Vinicius leaves the Brazilian on the deck, and it's enough to warrant a second booking of the game for the Uruguayan!,3

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! That should seal it!!! Rodrygo gets on the act following another fast break, as Valverde sprints down the right channel. His cross into the box is brought down by Vinicius, who squares for Bellingham, but that attempted pass ricochets into the path of Rodrygo and he smashes a low shot into the bottom corner!!! It's now 4-1 to Madrid, and Barca's chances of any sort of comeback have been thoroughly quashed with that goal.,1

Rudiger clips the heels of Joao Felix as the Barca substitute glides past him, and it's a fairly textbook yellow card for the Madridistas defender.,2

Barca make their first changes of the game in a burst of three, the first seeing captain Roberto replaced in the centre of midfield by youngster Fermin Lopez.,0

Pedri's not had the space, time or service to be at his best so far, and comes off now for a fellow youngster - semi-final scorer Lamine Yamal - to make an impact in the final half-hour of this game.,0

Bellingham slides in recklessly on Pedri and leaves the Spaniard down on the turf, and after initially playing an advantage which comes to nothing, the referee does show the Madridistas playmaker a yellow card for the challenge.,2

Barca captain Roberto is also shown a yellow card by the referee, in large part due to his and his side's protests at that penalty being awarded.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! A first-half hat-trick for Vinicius!!! He arrows the ball right into the bottom-left corner, and Pena can't get anything on it despite diving the right way. 3-1 to Real Madrid with half-time on the horizon, and what a game this is turning out to be!,1

It's a yellow card for Araujo to compound his concession of the penalty, and just minutes after Barcelona get a goal back, Real Madrid now have the chance to restore their two-goal lead.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! The Blaugrana pull one back!!! Barca flood the Madrid box with numbers and work the ball patiently forward until Blade crosses from the left. Nacho heads it away, but Lewandowski is waiting on the edge of the area and smashes a sweetly-struck volley beyond Lunin and into the bottom corner!! A sensational strike to halve the deficit, and it's 2-1 at the KSU Stadium!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! It's two for Vinicius! Carvajal's long ball down the line catches Barca off-guard and Rodrygo races into open pasture. Darting into the box, he squares for Vinicius arriving at the far post, and the opening goalscorer slides in for his and Madrid's second!!! 2-0 up within 10 minutes, and Los Blancos are in total control here.,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!!! Los Blancos take an early lead!!! Bellingham steps between De Jong and Gundogan to slot a pass into the feet of Vinicius, who turns away from Kounde, races clean through on goal, and rounds Pena before slotting into the net!!! A rapid-fire start from Real Madrid, who lead 1-0 in the Supercopa final!,1

Lacroix receives a somewhat whimsical yellow card as there's a second ball on the pitch as Laimer looks to take a quick throw.,2

Young Zvonarek's goal-scoring day comes to a close as 18-year-old Asp-Jensen comes on for the final moments here.,0

Wind's afternoon is over as 19-year-old Pejcinovic arrives to take his place. He's definitely grown into the contest, yet it's been a tricky outing nonetheless.,0

Bryan's first start comes to an end as 18-year-old Perez-Vinlof comes into the fray for his Bayern debut.,0

Majer chops down Muller cynically as Bayern look to break from their defensive third. He gets a booking for his troubles.,2

GOOALLL! IT'S 2-0 BAYERN! GORETZKA! Bryan darts down the left and Wolfsburg struggle to clear as Muller nods the ball back to Goretzka and he side-foots home with ease!,1

GOOALLL! BAYERN FOR 1-0! ZVONAREK GETS IT ON HIS FIRST START! It's a perfect start for the Croatian teenager. Muller dummies a pass from Davies and Zvonarek on the right side of the box, fires across well and pings it low off the left post for his first goal on his league debut!,1

Abate, making his final appearance at San Siro in a Milan shirt, is replaced by Conti. The departing player is given a warm applause as he makes his way off the pitch.,0

Piatek leaves the field having ended his goal drought. Castillejo is brought on in his place with less than 10 minutes to go.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! MILAN 2-0 FROSINONE! Calhanoglu won the free-kick but he allows Suso to take it - and the winger does not disappoint as he lifts the ball over the wall and into the back of the net via the underside of the crossbar. Milan have some breathing space!,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! MILAN 1-0 FROSINONE! Borini's miscued shot is turned in by Piatek, who flicks it past Bardi from inside the six-yard box. The visitors want the offside flag to go up but, following a VAR check, the goal is allowed to stand. Piatek timed his run well and was onside when making contact with Borini's attempt.,1

GOOOALLL!! Tottenham 3-1 Southampton! A nice finish from Austin restores just a little pride for Southampton. The substitute striker beats the offside trap and keeps his cool when charging through on goal, powering the ball past Lloris for a late consolation.,1

A like-for-like change in the middle for the Saints as Romeu comes on and Hojbjerg goes off. The player to make way has come close to scoring on a couple of occasions today.,0

Pochettino turns to 18-year-old midfielder Skipp to take over from Trippier, who has picked up a knock. That could be a real blow for Spurs heading into a busy run of games.,0

Kelvin Davis makes his second change of the match, bringing on Elyounoussi for Armstrong to provide some additional width.,0

Lucas can be happy with his input today, having scored his side's vital second goal early in the second half. The Brazilian attacker is replaced by Sissoko for the final 15 minutes or so.,0

Kelvin Davis is the first manager to blink, bringing on Austin for Gabbiadini in a like-for-like change up front.,0

GOOOAALLL!! Tottenham 3-0 Southampton! Well if the second goal didn't kill off Southampton, this third goal from Son certainly will. Targett's clearance is closed down by Kane and the Englishman squares it for Son to turn the ball home from three yards.,1

GOOOOALLL!! Tottenham 2-0 Southampton! The home side give themselves some breathing space thanks to Lucas's strike six minutes into the second half. A corner lands nicely for the Brazilian to strike and, after his initial shot is blocked by Armstrong, he fires the follow-up shot into the ground and past McCarthy.,1

GOOOOOALLL!! Tottenham 1-0 Southampton! That man Kane opens the scoring for Spurs with a decent finish at the near post. Eriksen creates it with a low cross, rather than going deep as many expected, and Kane is there to tuck it past McCarthy from four yards out. ,1

Lundstram fails to retreat quickly enough as he prevents McGinn from taking a quick free-kick. The midfielder has his name taken as a result.,2

Douglas Luiz is shown the first yellow card of the game after bringing down McBurnie, who was threatening to break on the counter.,2

GOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!! Barca have turned it around!!! The Blaugrana counter and Jutgla cuts inside before racing into the box. He creates shooting space, and curls an effort beyond the reach of Razak to make it 2-1 to the away side!,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! It's the curse of the commentator as Barca equalise! Dembele beats a challenge and shoots from the edge of the box, and his low curling effort beats Razak to make it 1-1! Game on!,1

De Jong slides into Razak as he chases a long ball and is penalised, receiving quite a soft yellow card in the process.,2

Guerrero was having some stern words with the referee after that foul, and is also given a yellow for dissent.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! WOW!!!! Linares have the opener!!! Carnicer has it on the right, and places a fantastic cross right into the six-yard box. Diaz beats his man to connect with the ball, and diverts a brilliant low header into the bottom corner to make it 1-0! An upset of epic proportions is on the cards here!,1

Kylian will end this game with 16-year-old brother Ethan Mbappe, who replaces Ugarte for a landmark appearance for PSG.,0

Luis Enrique finishes this Ligue 1 clash with a triple change. The energetic Barcola makes his way off for Spanish midfielder Soler.,0

Jallow gets a chance in the final few minutes as Boloni brings on the midfielder for Jean-Jacques, who has offered little through the middle for Metz.,0

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! ANOTHER BIRTHDAY TREAT FOR MBAPPE! That should be game over as PSG restore their two-goal lead and make it 3-1 heading into the closing stages. N’Duquidi’s pass backwards towards Oukidja is poor, which allows Mbappe to step in, round the Metz goalkeeper and slot into an empty net. Two goals and a likely win to celebrate the France superstar’s 25th birthday!,1

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! METZ PULL ONE BACK! It could be a nervy ending for PSG, whose lead is cut to 2-1 with just under 20 minutes remaining. Camara swings a left-sided corner towards the near post, where Udol heads past Donnarumma with the help of the right-hand post. Luis Enrique’s side are exposed from another set-piece!,1

Luis Enrique makes his first alteration of the match as Skriniar makes away for Hernandez, likely signalling a change to a four-man defence for the hosts.,0

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL! MBAPPE HAS HIS BIRTHDAY GOAL! On the day he turns 25, the France superstar adds a goal to celebrate and extend PSG’s lead to 2-0. Mbappe receives possession from Vitinha towards the left of the area, cutting inside before curling a right-footed strike off the underside of the crossbar when aiming for the top-right corner. Oukidja is completely beaten and Luis Enrique’s side are in complete control now!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL! PSG FIND THE OPENER! The hosts finally strike first to take a 1-0 lead in the French capital. Lee drifts inside from the right flank, getting his head up before clipping a delicate cross towards the far post. Kolo Muani gets underneath the delivery but Vitinha steams in at the back post and turns a right-footed finish past Oukidja!,1

Herelle fells Kolo Muani with a late sliding challenge and goes into the book for the first yellow card of the game. More importantly, PSG win a free-kick in a great central position around 20 yards from goal.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! WOOD CAPITALISES ON A TERRIBLE XHAKA MISTAKE!!!!! 1-1!!!! The Clarets are gifted a way back into the game by Xhaka. The midfielder slams a clearance off the body of Wood as he tries to clear across the face of his own goal. It strikes the New Zealander on the hip and travels into the back of the net. Arteta is furious on the touchline.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! AUBAMEYANG FIRES ARSENAL AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The Gunners take the lead through a clinical finish from the Gabonese. Willian releases the run of the forward on the left flank with a fine pass. Aubameyang runs at Lowton before cutting inside on his right foot to fire low and hard towards the bottom-left corner. Pope gets a hand to the ball, but cannot keep it out.,1

The United captain Maguire earns himself a booking for stepping across Pulisic. Chelsea will have a free-kick from the right.,2

Fred's booked for a crunching tackle on Mount. Fred protests his innocence but the referee isn't interested.,2

Chelsea make a change at half-time as Hudson-Odoi is taken off early again. James replaces him at right wing-back. Tuchel gives James a motivational slap on the cheek before he comes on.,0

Villarreal try to break away on the counter attack but Busquets gives away a free-kick on purpose and is carded for it.,2

Barcelona fans rise to their feet to clap off Suarez, with Fati getting just over 10 minutes to impress.,0

Moreno has barely had a kick tonight and he is replaced by Mo Gomez for the final 22 minutes of the game. ,0

Griezmann scuffs a volley attempt at the far post and his error clearly angered him. The former Real Sociedad man then runs back up the line before making a poor tackle and he gets a yellow card for it.,2

Valverde decides to take no chances with Messi and he leaves the field of play, with Dembele replacing him.,0

GOAAAALLLL!!!! BARCELONA 2-1 VILLARREAL - Cazorla decides he wants to try and win goal of the match as he lets fly from lone range, just like Arthur. The former Arsenal midfielder escaped from his marker and went for goal, with his shot swerving right to left. The spin confused Ter Stegen, and he is beaten just before half-time.,1

Messi wins a free-kick for Barcelona, but Roberto collects a card after kicking the ball away, and the referee is quick to stamp his authority on the match.,2

WHAT A HIT!!!! BARCELONA 2-0 VILLARREAL - The fans go wild as Arthur smashes his shot into the top corner. Villarreal allowed Barcelona to make several simple passes, but Arthur still had it all to do. He received a pass from Busquets before unleashing a powerful drive to give Asenjo no chance in goal.,1

GOAAAALLLL Barcelona 1-0 Villarreal - Griezmann wheels away in celebration after a brilliant header at the near post. The Frenchman was left unmarked, and he met Messi's cross before beating Asenjo thanks to his delicate touch.,1

RONALDO HAS HIS HAT-TRICK! Nobody is picking him up on the left of the box when he gets the ball. He has time to take a touch before hitting his shot under Olsen's legs and into the back of the net. 4-0 Juventus!,1

HIGUAIN MAKES IT THREE! He has no one with him in support when he gets the ball on the left of the box and he cuts inside to get past Klavan and drills his shot into the bottom corner. 3-0 Juventus! ,1

RONALDO SCORES THE PENALTY! It's a confident run up from the edge of the box from Ronaldo and he sends Olsen the wrong way as he sidefoots his spot-kick into the bottom right corner. 2-0 Juventus!,1

RONALDO SCORES! It's a really poor pass from Klavan to Walukiewicz and Ronaldo reacts quickly to intercept it. He takes the ball around the goalkeeper to the right of the box and fires his shot back into the far side of the net. 1-0 Juventus! ,1

As soon as Pedro is back on his feet and going to the edge of the pitch with the medical team, the referee shows him a yellow card for the challenge.,2

Rabiot is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Simeone with a late challenge during the counter-attack.,2

Chiellini took out Brozovic from behind earlier in Inter's attack. The referee originally played the advantage but shows the defender a yellow card when the move fizzles out.,2

Final change for Inter now and it's Barella that's going off after he went down a little earlier. Vecino is on for him.,0

Another double change for Juventus now as McKennie goes off on the far side, with Arthur replacing him.,0

Inter are making a double change now. Martinez, who has struggled to get into the game, goes off for Sanchez.,0

Perisic slides in to try and block Chiesa's shot but his trailing leg catches the substitute and he's shown a yellow card.,2

It's a poor challenge from Alex Sandro as he jumps in and catches Barella with his studs. He was nowhere near the ball and is booked.,2

Barella is very late as he slides in on Alex Sandro and takes out the defender. He claims he got the ball, but that doesn't stop the referee from showing him the first yellow card of the game.,2

Bernardeschi isn't able to carry on after that shoulder injury he picked up a few minutes ago. He's taken off and replaced by Bentancur.,0

DZEKO SCORES! Darmian works the ball to Skriniar, who spots Calhanoglu in space through the middle. He whips a brilliant shot towards goal that has Szczesny scrambling and it smacks the corner of the goal frame. Dzeko is waiting in the middle and he volleys the ball into the back of the empty net. A VAR check shows he was onside and it's 1-0 Inter! ,1

GOOOAAAALLL!!! Another late consolation effort for Espanyol! Joselu's deflected shot wins the hosts a corner, and from the delivery, Calero hits the post. Ter Stegen scrambles to cover, but Joselu is there to tap the rebound home from close range, narrowing the gap to 4-2 right on full-time!,1

Pedri has, as ever, been superb in the middle of the park, and Barca's 20-year-old star is replaced late on by Franck Kessie in midfield.,0

Melamed has been one of Espanyol's better performers in this game, and comes off late for Edu Exposito.,0

Olivan is the next player replaced by Espanyol, with Italian youngster Luca Koleosho coming on to see out the final few minutes.,0

Melamed is absolutely clattered from behind by Alba, and the referee shows no hesitation in giving the Barcelona substitute a yellow card there.,2

Further changes coming for Barca, as Marcos Alonso replaces Christensen at the back, giving the Blaugrana a back four which includes three natural left-backs!,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! Espanyol pull one back!! Pacheco races miles out of his box to clear the ball ahead of Dembele, and finds Calero on halfway. He slips Puado through the middle of Barca's defence, and the substitute beats Ter Stegen with an audacious chip to score!! It's initially not given for a potential offside, but VAR tells the referee to award the goal that makes the score 4-1!,1

Araujo also comes off for veteran left-back Jordi Alba to be introduced, in a move that will likely see a defensive reshuffle in the Blaugrana's backline.,0

Barca's first change sees Raphinha come off having been impressive down the right flank, and Ousmane Dembele will replace him looking to continue that impetus for the final half-hour.,0

Former Barcelona forward Braithwaite is next off for the hosts, to be replaced by Adria Pedrosa in this flailing Espanyol side.,0

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! A sumptuous header makes it 4-0!! After a Gavi-inspired attack is dealt with by Espanyol, De Jong retrieves possession 35 yards from goal. He fires a lofted pass to the far post, where Kounde pops up to glance the ball beyond Pacheco and into the bottom corner! Another display of the world-class qualities oozing through this Barca team, and they're another step, and goal, closer to the title.,1

Espanyol make two half-time changes, with the first signalling attacking intent, as creative midfielder Javi Puado replaces defender Sergi Gomez.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Three goals, almost certainly three points, and a 27th La Liga crown is within touching distance now! A loose ball in midfield is played forward at speed by Busquets and then De Jong, who releases Raphinha into space down the right. He squares into the box for Lewandowski, who smashes it home with his left foot to put Barca 3-0 up and all-but guarantee those title-winning points!,1

Darder also had plenty to say in that small scuffle, and the Espanyol midfielder is booked by the referee.,2

On second thoughts, the card are certainly out now, after a fracas erupts following that foul. Gavi is at the centre of it, and is shown a yellow for dissent by the man in the middle.,2

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! The champions elect double their advantage! Raphinha tees up Pedri for a run into the box, and the dynamic 20-year-old follows suit. Driving to the byline, Pedri hooks a cross to the back post, where Balde arrives late to volley home from close range and make it 2-0 to the Blaugrana! Espanyol's already huge task looks immense now, and the party atmosphere amongst the away fans is certainly starting to brew.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! That might just be the goal that seals the title!! Barca open the scoring after just 11 minutes as Araujo finds Balde with a peach of a cross-field pass, with the full-back then beating his man and drilling a low cross into the six-yard box. A deflection sends the ball right onto the knee of Lewandowski, who prods home an instinctive finish to make it 1-0 Barcelona! A massive goal at both ends of the table, and Espanyol are really up against it now.,1

There's a coming together in the air between Kounde and Olivan, with the Espanyol full-back ending up in a heap on the ground and his Blaugrana counterpart being shown an extremely early yellow card.,2

GOALLL!!! 3-1 INTER!!! MARTINEZ!! That could be game over at San Siro as Martinez restores the Nerazzurri's two-goal cushion! Lukaku does a brilliant job to hold the ball up and then send Brozovic through on goal. The midfielder then unselfishly squares it to Martinez, who scores into an empty net.,1

GOALLL!!! ATALANTA!! PASALIC!! The away side finally get a goal back as Inter fail to clear the ball away from a corner! Atalanta have three bites at the cherry, and the rebound of Hojlund’s shot is smashed into the goal by Pasalic.,1

GOALLL!!! 2-0 INTER!! BARELLA!! Atalanta are now two goals down in three minutes as Barella fires home on the rebound! Sportiello makes two saves to stop Dimarco from scoring, but the second rebound falls kindly for the Italian midfielder. Inzaghi could not have pictured a better start!,1

GOALLL!!! 1-0 INTER!!! LUKAKU!!! The hosts score inside the opening minute as Lukaku takes the ball around Sportiello and taps it into the empty net! The striker plays a give-and-go with Martinez and has plenty of time to decide how to shoot. He waits for the goalkeeper to make his move and makes no mistake with the rest.,1

Bowen registered a goal and an assist and is now coming off for youngster Earthy. What a time for the 19-year-old to make his debut!,0

Alvarez was booked earlier and will miss the first leg of the quarter-finals. Phillips, who missed out on a place in the England squad earlier today is on.,0

West Ham make three changes moments after scoring their fifth goal. Kudus is denied his hat-trick and is replaced by Ings. There is no time for sentiment from Moyes.,0

GOALLL! KUDUS SCORES AGAIN! 5-0 WEST HAM! In any other match, that would be the best goal, but that's not even Kudus' best strike after his effort earlier. Soucek drives forward with possession and finds Bowen on the edge, with the winger slotting a pass to Kudus. Bowen wants it back, but Kudus drives a low strike into the bottom-right corner past Atubolu.,1

Antonio was brilliant and holding onto the ball up front for West Ham and giving them an option up front. There will be a change of shape from the hosts, with Johnson coming on.,0

WHAT A GOAL FROM KUDUS! 4-0 WEST HAM! The Hammers are through to the quarter-finals of the Europa League in style through one of their most thrilling players. Kudus collects possession on the edge of his own box, and he drives forward with the ball. He tricks his way past several defenders to get into Freiburg's box and slots his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1

Alvarez lunges across Eggestein in West Ham's half and goes into the book. It is a poor tackle from the midfielder, who will miss the first leg of the quarter-finals.,2

Sildillia looked energetic on the right without proving much going forward for Freiburg. Rohl comes on for the final 22 minutes to try and make an impact. An away goal could make things interesting.,0

Holer has made two key passes but has struggled to get involved for a Freiburg side that has lacked quality and intensity in the attack. Philipp in on.,0

Sildillia touches the ball past Cresswell and looks to drive into the box, but he is taken out by the left-back, who goes into the book.,2

Paqueta scored West Ham's first goal to help the Hammers on their way to a comfortable lead and is now being given a rest. He looks furious, but Moyes wants to protect him for their clash against Aston Villa in the Premier League. Ward-Prowse is on.,0

Hofler has made 49 touches and completed 89.2 per cent of his passes, but is now coming off. Muslija takes his place.,0

GOALLLL! CRESSWELL SCORES! 3-0 WEST HAM! The Hammers are almost certainly through to the quarter-finals after going 3-1 ahead on aggregate. Kudus' cross is headed away as far as Coufal, who slides a pass through to Bowen. The England international cuts it across to Cresswell, who fires his left-footed strike into the bottom-right corner.,1

Freiburg make a change before the restart. Gregoritsch netted against West Ham in the first leg and comes on for Grifo, who only had 28 touches.,0

GOALLLLL! BOWEN SCORES! 2-0 WEST HAM! Brilliant from Bowen to put the Hammers ahead on aggregate! Fabianski's goal-kick is flicked on by Soucek and left by Antonio for Bowen. He drives inside, pushing away Gunter before driving his left-footed effort into the bottom-right corner from the edge of the box.,1

GOALLLLLL! PAQUETA SCORES! 1-0 WEST HAM! What a start for the Hammers, who level the tie on aggregate. West Ham have been building the pressure on Freiburg! Cresswell's out-swinging corner from the left towards the near post is flicked across the box by Soucek to Paqueta, who slides across to poke it in from close range.,1

Verbruggen tussles with Davies after Sheffield United win a corner, and the Brighton goalkeeper is given a yellow card.,2

Gilmour goes into the book for dragging Brooks to the ground as Sheffield United attempted to break away.,2

GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 5-0 BRIGHTON! The Seagulls are running riot! De Zerbi’s side keep possession just outside the penalty area before Fati attempts a strike towards goal. His shot is blocked but it finds Adingra. The Brighton winger hits it, and it deflects into the far corner of the goal, leaving Foderingham rooted to his spot! Wilder will be hoping to hear the full-time whistle as soon as possible.,1

Norwood will come on for the Blades in the latter stages of the game, with Osborn making his way to the bench.,0

McAtee has found it difficult to get into the game in the second half, and he's been replaced by Brewster in attack.,0

GOOOOAAAAAALLL!! 4-0 BRIGHTON!! Dunk finds Gross out wide and the Brighton man looks to whip a delivery into the box. Adingra gets across his marker and volleys the ball towards goal, and it flies into the corner of the net. The Ivory Coast international recently won the African Cup of Nations with his country, and he's back with the Seagulls and scoring goals!,1

Mitoma, who recently came back from injury, is taken off by De Zerbi. Fati is the player to replace him.,0

Buonanotte, who opened the scoring for Brighton in today's game, is substituted. Ferguson will come on to replace him.,0

Wilder makes another alteration as Sheffield United look to get back into the game. Larouci makes his way to the bench, and Brooks will enter the fray.,0

Buonanotte is the latest player to go into the referee's book for a late challenge in the middle of the pitch.,2

Wilder has decided to make a change in order to shore up his defence. Osula comes off and Sheffield United bring on a central defender, with Trusty entering the fray.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 2-0 BRIGHTON! The Seagulls are running riot! Gross and Webster exchange passes before the former delivers towards the back post. Mitoma comes flying in and takes a shot towards goal, but Foderingham palms it out. It falls straight into the path of Welbeck, and the English striker slams the ball home to double Brighton's lead!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAL!! 1-0 BRIGHTON!! The corner comes into the box and is delivered to the back post. Dunk heads it back across and Buonanotte helps it towards goal. The Sheffield United defence attempts to clear it, but the ball creeps over the line. The referee checks his watch, and he's given it! The Blades will have a mountain to climb now with 10 men.,1

Holgate gets his marching orders! Mitoma twists and turns and drives towards the Sheffield United defence. Holgate steps out and makes a reckless challenge on the Brighton winger at knee height. The referee originally gave a yellow card, but after a quick review from VAR, he's been sent off!,3

GOAL! Fati marks his return to the Barca side with a goal and makes it 3-0 in stoppage time! Barca counter quickly and Depay dummies the ball, which is picked up by Fati, who races forward from deep and then fires a low strike towards goal from the edge of the box, which Fernandez doesn't see until late and he is unable to stop it from flying in.,1

Clerc is shown a yellow card after a foul on Demir in the middle of the pitch. No complaints about that one.,2

The other Barca change sees Gavi head off after an excellent game in midfield and he has been replaced by Demir.,0

De Jong also makes way and Fati is his replacement. The youngster is given a huge round of applause upon his return to the pitch, after 10 months out injured.,0

Another double change by the visitors, with De Frutos the first to head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Cantero.,0

Barca make their first change of the game now, with Coutinho the man coming off and he has been replaced by Puig.,0

Pepelu is booked after he trips up Coutinho. The Levante midfielder isn't happy with the decision though.,2

Here comes a double substitution by the visitors, with Gomez one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Morales.,0

Depay sprints down the left wing and Postigo has to step across him and pull him back in order to stop him from getting any further. A blatant foul and booking for the Levante skipper.,2

Gavi is the first player to be booked after his late challenge on Clerc. The booking is perhaps a tad harsh on the midfielder.,2

GOAL! Barca double their lead, De Jong scores his first goal for the club to make it 2-0! It’s a lovely counter by the hosts, who caught Levante out at the back with their pace and Dest does brilliantly down the left wing to pick out De Jong, who shows great composure to slot the ball past Fernandez and into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

GOAL! Depay converts from the penalty spot to send Barcelona ahead after just seven minutes, it's 1-0! Depay won the penalty after a clumsy challenge by Radoja and he coolly stepped up to take it, sending Fernandez the wrong way and firing the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

Leverkusen make a change. The Argentine striker Alario replaces Schick who'll be glad to have scored.,0

Sule is the latest Bayern player to get an early rest. The former England Under-21 international Richards comes on.,0

Lewandowski is last to head off for now. He'll have to settle for just the two goals. Musiala takes his place.,0

GOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 1-5 BAYERN MUNICH! Schick cuts the deficit slightly for Leverkusen, latching onto Wirtz's throughball and arrowing the ball past Neuer and in off the far left post. It's not much for the hosts but it's something.,1

Seoane hauls Paulinho off at half-time as Leverkusen focus on damage limitation. The Burkinabe centre-back Tapsoba comes on.,0

Here's that Bayern change. Davies touches the ground before heading off. Stanisic takes the Canadian's place at full-back.,0

GOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-5 BAYERN MUNICH! Leverkusen look shellshocked. Gnabry scores again, slotting into the bottom left corner with his left foot after receiving a nice pass from Goretzka.,1

GOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-4 BAYERN MUNICH! This is getting embarrassing for Leverkusen. The hosts pass backwards from kick-off and Frimpong gives the ball away. Muller crosses from the left and Gnabry cuts across Hradecky to dink the ball into the net.,1

GOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-3 BAYERN MUNICH! This may well be over as a contest. Bayern get a corner which Leverkusen don't entirely clear. Sule goes for goal from the left of the box. Muller tries to get out of the way but ends up guiding the shot in via his thigh instead. When your luck's in, your luck's in.,1

GOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-2 BAYERN MUNICH! Lewandowski grabs his second goal of the game as Bayern race upfield quickly. Sane leaves the ball in the box for Davies and Lewandowski takes charge of the situation, lashing into the net from the centre of the box.,1

GOAL! BAYER LEVERKUSEN 0-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Bayern take the lead almost straight away! Diaby fouls Davies in Leverkusen's half. The ball in finds Upamecano at the far post who crosses low, and Lewandowski beats Hradecky with a clever backheel towards the far post!,1

LYON SCORE AGAIN! 2-0! It's an almost identical goal to the first! This time, Terrier tackles Mukiele after the defender attempted to dribble past him, and with no defenders left, Terrier is free to round Gulasci and tap into an empty net!,1

Haidara is replaced by Forsberg as the hosts search for a little more creativity in the final third.  ,0

Orban joins his teammate on a yellow card after hauling Terrier down as he attempted to latch onto Aouar's smart throughball.,2

Haidara's shown a yellow card for a cynical foul on Dubois as he attempted to start a counter-attack.,2

LYON TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! That's the perfect start for a team short of confidence! Aouar forces Upamecano into surrendering possession 20 yards out and it ricochets straight to Depay who cooly slots his finish past Gulasci with no defenders in sight! ,1

Mount is unable to continue after pulling up with an injury. Alonso is on in his place, meaning a slight tweak in formation for the closing stages.,0

Willian, who will perhaps feel aggrieved not to have started the match following Pedro's withdrawal, is on for Pulisic out wide.,0

Abraham can be happy with the shift he has put in today, his two goals possibly being enough to give Chelsea their first competitive win of the Lampard era. Giroud is on in his place.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! NORWICH 2-3 CHELSEA! Kepa keeps out a shot from Pukki at one end and, less than 30 seconds later, Abraham edges Chelsea 3-2 in front at the other end of the field. The Englishman brings the ball inside Hanley and catches out Krul with an earlier-than-expected shot to double his career goals tally for the Blues.,1

Stiepermann slides in on Jorginho and appears to win the ball. Not in the view of experienced referee Martin Atkinson, though, who reaches into his pocket for the second time today.,2

Jorginho lunges in on Buendia and was always going to be shown a yellow card - the first of the match.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! NORWICH 2-2 CHELSEA! All he needs is half a chance! Pukki gets in behind the Chelsea defence and fires the ball across Kepa from a tight angle to make it five Premier League goals in three matches. The Chelsea keeper should have done better.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! NORWICH 1-2 CHELSEA! Mount makes it two goals in two games - what a player he looks to be! Norwich try to play the ball out from the back, fail to do so and Pulisic slips the ball into the feet of Mount, who brings it inside and fires a shot past Krul.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! NORWICH 1-1 CHELSEA! Talk about a quick response! Less than three minutes after falling behind, Norwich get themselves back on level terms at a rocking Carrow Road. Cantwell shows some good footwork and plays the ball across to Pukki, who lays it on a plate for his team-mate to side-foot through the legs of Kepa from close range.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! NORWICH 0-1 CHELSEA! What a start for Lampard's men! Abraham is off the mark with his first goal in Chelsea colours, and what a brilliant finish it is! Pulisic plays in Azpilicueta on the overlap and the full-back picks out Abraham, who sends a first-time finish past Krul from inside the box.,1

De Jong isn't happy about the result and takes his frustration out on the referee who shows him a yellow card after the full-time whistle has gone! ,2

Zinedine Zidane makes his first change, introducing Valverde for James to help regain control of the midfield.,0

GOAAAAL! 1-0 MADRID! Los Blancos finally come alive! Madrid keep the pressure up and work the ball wide to Bale, who slips in Carvajal to stick it up for Benzema at the far post - and the Frenchman makes no mistake with his free header.,1

Ocampos tries to use his speed to get round Ramos out on the far side of the pitch and the centre-back puts his body between the ball and his opponent, picking up a yellow in the process.,2

Hazard gets away from Jordan out on the touchline, but the Sevilla midfielder pulls him back by the shirt and picks up a yellow card.,2

Carvajal is shown a yellow card for catching Ocampos. The first real moment of note in the first half and it's a booking.,2

Only on the pitch for a handful of minutes, Long trips Odegaard in midfield and is booked by the referee.,2

A loose touch from Elyounoussi high up on the left flank invites White to steal the ball, but the defender's tired challenge sees him catch the Southampton winger and then receive a yellow card.,2

Having been struggling since his injury a few minutes ago, Armstrong comes off to be replaced by Redmond.,0

A second attack-minded change is effected by Arteta, with Tavares being replaced by Pepe on the wing.,0

Arteta has seen enough and makes his first change on the hour mark: Cedric makes way for the more attacking option of Smith Rowe. Surely that means a change of shape?,0

Receiving the first booking of the game, Broja sees yellow for a brief collision with White on the edge of the Arsenal area. In the context of decisions during the first half, that seems a harsh call by the referee.,2

SAINTS LEAD! After Livramento punts a ball back over his head from outside the area, Elyounoussi keeps the ball alive on the left byline and cuts back for Bednarek to sweep home past Ramsdale. That was a smart finish for a burly centre-back! Southampton go 1-0 up!,1

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 2-1 REAL SOCIEDAD! Real finally pull a goal back after they win a corner off Trippier. Merquelanz sends it in and it lands to Zubeldia in the six-yard box who slots it past Oblak. Is a late Real comeback on the cards?,1

Suarez leaves the pitch after an influential shift up front for Atletico. Lodi comes on to shore up Atletico's left side.,0

Atletico are bringing on some fresh legs of their own now. Felix takes the place of Correa, one of their goalscorers.,0

Monreal also gets the hook with Atletico finding plenty of joy down his flank. Real's young attacking midfielder Lopez replaces him.,0

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 2-0 REAL SOCIEDAD! Correa doubles Atletico's lead with a cool finish into the bottom left corner. Suarez played a lovely throughball to slip the Argentine into the right of the box.,1

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 REAL SOCIEDAD! Atletico have gotten off to a flyer! The hosts take the corner short and keep possession. Llorente picks out Carrasco who takes a great touch with the outside of his wrong foot and rolls the ball underneath Remiro.,1

Third and final SPAL substitution, with Murgia coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Simic.,0

Milan now make their final change of the game, with Borini coming off and he has been replaced by Conti.,0

Another SPAL substitution now, with Cionek heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Floccari.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Kessie converts from the penalty spot and Milan are back in the lead, it's 3-2! The midfielder steps up to take the penalty and cooly converts the spot-kick, sending the keeper the wrong way.,1

Milan make an attacking substitution, with Abate the man coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Cutrone.,0

GOOOAAAALLL! SPAL are level it's 2-2! They've completed the turnaround and it's been coming after an excellent start to the second half. Fares gets away from his marker in the box and powers his header into the back of the net, past the diving Reina. Poor defending by Milan, who should've learnt from their mistakes, after letting Fares in at the back post just a few minutes earlier.,1

Bonifazi is booked for his late challenge on Kessie. The referee allowed play to continue as Suso picked up the ball and had a subsequent shot at goal.,2

GOOOAAALLL! SPAL pull a goal back, it's 2-1! Vicari rises highest in the box as Murgia whips the free-kick into the penalty area, the defender flicks the ball on and it flies straight into the far corner of the net.,1

Abate is the first player to be booked today after his late challenge on Antenucci, which hands SPAL a free-kick in a decent position.,2

GOOOAAAALLL! Milan double their lead, it's 2-0! Kessie was the provider for the first and now he has scored the second! Superb move and finish from the midfielder, who showed great feet in the box to shift the ball away from his marker and then power it into the top corner.,1

GOOOAAAALLL! Milan lead 1-0! Calhanoglu fires the visitors ahead and puts them into the Champions League places for now. Kessie gets forward down the right wing, he gets to the byline and pulls the ball back to Calhanoglu on the edge of the box, who slides it into the bottom corner of the net, just out of the reach of Viviano.,1

3-2 Atletico! Well, I said Partey was a more defensive replacement for Felix, but he's scored what's likely to be the winner! A clever one-two between Costa and Partey bobbles through to the latter 12 yards out, and he dribbles past the final defender before poking past Dmitrovic from close range. ,1

Leon makes way for Correa with Eibar looking for renewed energy in the final five minutes of the 90.  ,0

Felix is replaced by the more defensive Partey in a substitution that'll enable Atletico to push Vitolo into more dangerous areas.,0

Dmitrovic scurries out of goal to clear a long pass away from Costa, and then cynically prevents Atletico from taking a quick throw-in to capitalise on his absence from goal. He simply grabbed the ball after it went out of play and forcibly kept it from a desperate Costa! Unsurprisingly, he's awarded a yellow card.,2

Charles has worked hard up front and deserved the goal for his efforts, but he's now replaced by Kike up top. ,0

Alvarez sustained a nasty injury while stretching to try and intercept the pass to Lodi there. Unfortunately, he needs a stretcher before being replaced by Oliveira.  ,0

ATLETICO EQUALISE! Immediate impact for Vitolo! Lodi makes another enterprising run, and this time his pass is perfect for Vitolo, who races beyond the final Eibar defender and pokes a weak shot just beyond the onrushing Dmitrovic!   ,1

Llorente is replaced by the more attacking Vitolo as Atletico look to pose more of a threat in this period.   ,0

ATLETICO GET ONE BACK! Costa and Felix play a delightful one-two that sets the former clean through on goal. He muscles off his pursuer before squaring the ball past Dmitrovic and into the path of Felix who slots the ball calmly into an empty net!  ,1

2-0! What a stroke of fortune for Eibar! Another Orellana cross is hacked clear, but only as far as Arbilla who leathers a savage shot at goal: it looks relatively straightforward for Oblak, but it takes a deflection off Giminez and into the roof of the net! Oblak stood no chance after that deviation took the shot away from his grasp!  ,1

Orellana is booked for a heavy challenge on Costa, but Atletico waste a dangerous free-kick with a delivery that evades all the onrushing attackers.,2

EIBAR TAKE THE LEAD! The away side hit Atletico on the break brilliantly there! Leon began the move by driving at the home side's backline, before slipping Orellana in behind, who simply clipped a cross in for the unmarked Charles to power past Oblak!  ,1

Inui's booked for an aggressive challenge that leaves Trippier in a heap, leaving the referee with little option but to caution the Eibar winger.,2

GOAAALL - MALLORCA 2-2 BARCELONA - A superb team goal fires Barcelona level, and it is Fermin who wheels away in delight. Raphinha's cutback was intended for Lewandowski, but the striker decided to step over the ball due to the angle he had. That outfoxed the Mallorca defence before Fermin tapped into an empty net. That was a sensational move from the champions!,1

Nastasic leaves his mark on Lewandowski early as he takes him out from behind, collecting a yellow card in the process.,2

A clumsy challenge from Dani Rodriguez on Cancelo earns him a yellow card, so he will need to watch himself for the rest of this contest.,2

GOAAALLL - MALLORCA 2-1 BARCELONA - As simple as you like from the home side as they score from a goal-kick. Rajkovic's long pass was flicked on by Muriqi, allowing Abdon to run in on goal. With Ter Stegen in two minds, the Mallorca forward slotted the ball into the bottom corner to give his side an unlikely lead.,1

GOAAALLL - MALLORCA 1-1 BARCELONA - Raphinha, who has been Barcelona's best player all night, fires his side level with a stunning strike. The former Leeds United ace was allowed to cut inside on his stronger left foot, and that was the beginning of the end for Mallorca. He picked his spot and fired low past Rajkovic to level proceedings.,1

A strong challenge from Romeu on Muriqi hands Mallorca a free-kick, and to make matters worse, he has already been carded.,2

GOAAAALLLLL - MALLORCA 1-0 BARCELONA - What a start for the home side, as the stadium goes berserk after Muriqi's opener. A mistake in possession from Ter Stegen gifted the home side the ball inside the Barcelona box, and after their original cross was blocked, Muriqi did not waste the second attempt. The rebound fell to Sanchez, who played a simple pass to his striker, and he did the rest, slotting past Ter Stegen.,1

Garcia puts two hands on the back of Traore, sending the winger over, which prompts the referee to blow his whistle. Unhappy with the call, Ceballos goes over to have a word with the referee but says too much, as he’s shown a yellow card.,2

Traore charges through the back of Ceballos late, after the midfielder had played his pass, which earns the Villarreal substitute a yellow card.,2

Martin does make it on the pitch for his second Real Madrid appearance, with Modric - 18 years his senior - making way.,0

A Villarreal change with 10 minutes to go sees Terrata take over for Moreno, who will be unable to continue after apparent cramping.,0

Moreno is sacrificed for another midfielder, with Capoue adding some solidity to the middle of the park.,0

In search of a way to get back in front, Ancelotti makes a substitution, as Rodrygo is introduced for Diaz.,0

Camavinga picks up a yellow card just six minutes after coming on, after the midfielder has one too many kicks to the back of Moreno's leg.,2

Ancelotti is looking to restore some order to this game on the hour, with Camavinga coming on for Valverde.,0

AN OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT - IT’S FOUR FOR SORLOTH! 4-4! It’s quite the spectacle at the Ceramica, with the hosts clawing back from 4-1 down to level the match four minutes before the hour. Villarreal win the ball back in their own half and spring forward immediately on the counter-attack, with Guedes and Moreno interchanging, before spreading the play to the far post. Coming to life in an instant, the Norway international hits a close-range shot at the first time of asking to beat Lunin for the fourth time today!,1

SORLOTH GETS HIS HAT-TRICK! INCREDIBLE! 4-3! Moreno drops into midfield to help facilitate the build-up, playing a lovely first-time pass through the lines for Sorloth. The league-leading scorer manages to keep hold of possession ahead of Militao, leaving the centre-back on the ground - before slotting a finish underneath Lunin!,1

IT’S NOT OVER YET AS THE HOSTS PULL ONE BACK! 4-2! It’s a routine goal, with Moreno taking up a position on the right wing and receiving Traore’s pass before using his left foot to sweep a cross to the far post. Getting the better of Militao, Sorloth rises to meet it, heading his effort past Lunin for his second of the day!,1

After a less-than-stellar first half, Villarreal make three substitutions at the interval, with the first seeing Coquelin come on for Parejo.,0

Looking to prevent a counter-attack following a cleared corner, Moreno catches up to Guler and takes him down from behind, earning the Villarreal full-back a yellow card.,2

GULER BAGS HIS SECOND! 4-1 REAL MADRID! Vazquez stands with his foot on the ball on the right wing, with Diaz running towards him, taking as many as three defenders with him. Cleverly, the full-back knows this will vacate space in behind as he slips a pass through for Guler, who takes the ball in his stride before lashing an acute-angle finish past the goalkeeper!,1

TWO-GOAL MARGIN RESTORED! 3-1 REAL MADRID! The visitors respond immediately, with a lovely, flowing move that starts with Modric’s first-time incisive pass forward. Diaz greets the ball with a backheel touch to play Vazquez through on goal in an onside position, with the full-back dispatching his finish confidently!,1

VILLARREAL CUT THE DEFICIT IN HALF! 2-1! Guilty of overplaying, Ceballos gives the ball away inside his own penalty area near the byline, with Mosquera maintaining pressure on the right-back to win possession. After getting it back, he immediately plays a cross with the outside of his right boot towards the penalty spot for Sorloth, who powers his header past Lunin!,1

REAL MADRID DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! 2-0! An untracked Vazquez moves freely down the right wing before curling a perfectly timed cross towards the penalty spot for Joselu, who rises highest to nod his finish past Jorgensen!,1

REAL MADRID TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It takes less than a quarter-hour for the visitors to get their noses in front, with Guler emphatically dragging a low shot past Jorgensen and into the bottom corner after receiving Diaz’s pass with a lovely touch to take him away from Mosquera.,1

Wolves now make their final change, with Hwang the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Silva.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Coleman, after he reacts badly to a decision and clashes with Ait Nouri.,2

Wolves now make their first change of the game, with Trincao coming off and he has been replaced by Podence.,0

GOAL! EVERTON PULL ONE BACK! The visitors are back in it as Iwobi makes it 2-1! They work it well in the final third and Godfrey fires a low strike at goal from the edge of the box, but this effort is accidentally blocked by Keane. However, the rebound falls straight to Iwobi, who drills it into the bottom right corner of the net.,1

Everton have made a change at the break, with Gbamin the man departing and he has been replaced by Delph.,0

GOAL! WOLVES MAKE IT 2-0! It comes from a huge mistake at the back by Godfrey, as the left-back tries to play a ball back to Pickford, but it lacks pace and Jimenez gets there first and then races through on goal. The striker then coolly chips it over the top of the keeper and into the back of the net.,1

GOAL! WOLVES TAKE THE LEAD! Ait Nouri whips a corner into the penalty area and Kilman shows great desire to meet it in the box and he powers a header into the bottom left corner of the net! Really poor defending by Everton and Wolves now lead 1-0.,1

Burn catches Son with an arm to the face and goes into the book. Spurs have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

Veltman is withdrawn for Burn, which could see a reshuffle for the home side. White may slide out to wing-back, while Burn slots into the defence.,0

Sanchez is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Vinicius. Spurs will change their shape to accommodate the forward.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TROSSARD PUTS BRIGHTON AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead as Trossard converts from close range. Brighton cut open Spurs down the right flank as Mac Allister releases the run of Gross. The German cuts the ball back towards the penalty spot for Trossard, who buries a low strike into the bottom-right corner.,1

Lukaku is withdrawn by Tuchel, although he has been an important player at the back for the Blues rather than going forward. Havertz replaces the Belgian.,0

Frank attempts to up the pressure on the Blues by adding an additional forward. Forss is on to replace Onyeka.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHILWELL SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!! The full-back latches on to a loose ball on the edge of the box and hammers a strike on his left-foot into the top-left corner. Jansson does well to keep a cross from Azpilicueta away from Lukaku, but Chilwell capitalises after being left unmarked with a super strike to break the deadlock.,1

Canos goes into the book for dissent after Onyeka is penalised for a foul on Loftus-Cheek. The wing-back believes that his team-mate should have been awarded a free-kick seconds earlier. The referee takes action and now the Spaniard has to be careful.,2

Mbeumo runs at Kovacic down the right flank and draws a foul from the midfielder, who goes into the book for his lunge.,2

Rafael Leao clatters into Messias and collects a late booking, although the free-kick comes to nothing.,2

Messias has come to life. An energetic burst down the right is followed by a chop inside that deservedly buys a free-kick and a yellow card from Hernandez.,2

Pedro Pereira has been an outlet for Crotone on the right, but his final ball has let him down. Reca is on.,0

Milan make a double change. Saelemaekers has been their most threatening attacker but makes way for Castillejo.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! DIAZ! On debut! 2-0 Milan! The Rossoneri twice build smart moves down the right and Saelemaekers cuts the ball back to Calhanoglu. Cigarini lunges in to divert the ball away from the Milan number 10 but succeeds only in teeing up Diaz to score on the turn.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! KESSIE! Cool as you like, the midfielder sends Cordaz the wrong way from the spot! 1-0 Milan on the stroke of half-time!,1

The hard-working Zaza earns a standing ovation from the Torino faithful as he comes off for Falque in Mazzarri’s last substitution of the game.,0

RED CARD FOR INTER! Aina holds his hands up once Politano goes down after the slightest of touches, and the Inter substitute is sent off for dissent! He protests the decision not to award a free-kick at referee Maresca, but the situation ends with him being led down the tunnel. Torino are now a goal and a man up!,3

Zaza reacts angrily to getting booked for bringing down Dalbert with the latter running with the ball. Both sides now have three bookings apiece.,2

Ansaldi gets a well-earned rest after another excellent midfield display, and Berenguer comes on in his place to bring fresh legs to a tiring Torino midfield.,0

Lukic, who has been tidy in possession throughout this contest, comes off for Italy midfielder Baselli in Mazzarri’s first change of the match.,0

Aina unnecessarily charges at D’Ambrosio out on the wing, resulting in the winger getting his first booking of the match and Torino’s second.,2

Joao Mario, who has cut a frustrated figure throughout thanks to Rincon and Ansaldi’s dominant midfield displays, is hooked off for Politano in Spalletti’s second throw of the dice.,0

A tactical, yet blatant foul by D’Ambrosio stops Aina in his tracks, and earns the Inter wing-back a yellow card - his side’s third of the match so far.,2

In need of more guile and creativity in the midfield, Mazzarri hooks Miranda off and sends Nainggolan on the pitch for his first substitution of the match.,0

Brozovic loses his cool after getting challenged by Ansaldi, and he is swarmed by a sea of maroon and white, with both sets of players crowding around the touchline area. After some discussion, Dalbert ends up getting booked for an earlier foul on Ansaldi before the mini-fracas. Spalletti also has a go at Brozovic, mainly due to the overreaction by the Croatia midfielder.,2

De Vrij looks to have brought down Belotti once more, almost certainly warranting him another yellow and a first-half dismissal, but Maresca instead books the Torino forward for simulation.,2

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! TORINO GET A DESERVED LEAD!! Handanovic can only watch the ball loop over him as Izzo leaps higher than D’Ambrosio to meet Ansaldi’s high corner! 1-0 to the Granata, who have looked more dangerous with each passing attack!,1

Napoli may get one last chance as Younes wins a free-kick down their left. Conti is booked for the foul. Mertens will take it...,2

Piatek's 50th appearance for Milan is over. He goes off and grabs a raincoat before he heads to the bench. Leao comes on for him.,0

Napoli make their final change while Kessie receives treatment. Lozano, who's faded in the past few minutes, is replaced by Llorente. ,0

The referee isn't making himself popular here. Hernandez is next to find his name in the book for a foul on Lozano.,2

Elmas gets booked for simulation when Donnarumma slides in to stop him scoring from a 3 vs. 2 situation. It looked a penalty on first glance, but Donnarumma didn't touch him.,2

Insigne's game is over. He's smarting from the niggle he picked up after his latest shot. Younes comes on to replace him. How will that affect Napoli's attacking threat?,0

Milan substitution at half-time. Rebic is replaced by Kessie. Unsure whether that's tactical or due to an injury.,0

WHAT A GOAL! 1-1 MILAN! Bonaventura lashes a piledriver past Meret from range to draw things level! Bonaventura jumps over the barrier and pumps his fists at the crowd! What a strike that was!,1

Paqueta makes a reckless challenge as he tracks Elmas down Napoli's left flank. The Brazilian isn't happy as the referee gets his yellow card out.,2

GOAL! 1-0 NAPOLI! Di Lorenzo lofts a ball forward from the back but Milan don't fully deal with it. Insigne twists on the edge of the box and curls a fantastic shot towards goal which hits the corner of post and bar! Lozano arrives on the scene to nod the ball past Donnarumma! ,1

Bakker's speculative shot from distance rolls wide for a goal kick, and Moris is booked after taking 'just a little' too long to take the resultant goal kick!,2

Boniface has embodied everything good about Saint-Gilloise in this game and slotted home a superb opening goal, but the Nigerian is replaced late on by Swedish striker Gustaf Nilsson.,0

Diaby comes off late for Leverkusen, and Adam Hlozek enters the fray hoping to make a late impact up front.,0

Wirtz drops deep to collect a pass from Tah, but he's clattered from behind by Lapoussin, who is immediately shown a yellow card for his reckless challenge.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! What a way to equalise!!! It's a really well-worked goal from Leverkusen, and you have to say that it's been coming. Hincapie's forward pass to Azmoun sees the Iranian twist and turn away from two defenders, before laying the ball off to Wirtz. First-time, he curls a low, right-footed effort through the crowd, and the ball sneaks past a stretching Moris to nestle in the bottom corner! 1-1, and with less than 10 minutes to go, this first leg is blown wide open once again!,1

Lynen is next off for the visitors, with Oussama El Azzouzi coming into the midfield for the last 10 minutes of this game.,0

Lazare is just getting to his feet after a foul by Hincapie, but is then brushed in the face by the Ecuadorian and hits the deck once more! There's barely a sniff of contact, but just the intent of that is enough for the referee to show Hincapie a yellow card.,2

Leverkusen make their second change of the match, as the lively Adli is replaced by Sardar Azmoun, who will no doubt provide more of an outlet through the middle of their attack.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!!! Superb from Saint-Gilloise, and their main man opens the scoring!! The visitors break from Leverkusen's free-kick, but Hradecky races a mile out of his box to clear the ball. Union recycle possession quickly though, and Teuma finds Boniface in acres of space. He drives into the box and stands up Tapsoba, before firing a low shot right into the bottom corner! No chance there for Hradecky, and the Nigerian gives his side a 1-0 lead!,1

Leverkusen make one half-time change, as Kerem Demirbay comes on for Palacios at the base of their midfield.,0

A positive Union SG move is cut out by Tah, who finds Adli down the right channel. He attempts to flick the bouncing ball over the head of Van der Heyden, but is caught very late by the defender, who picks up the first yellow card of the tie.,2

Sandro has his name taken for fouling Ghiglione and will have to tread carefully during these latter stages.,2

McKENNIE!!! 3-1 JUVENTUS! An immediate impact by the substitute! Within two minutes of coming on, the American international beats the offside trap and races onto a neat through ball, before calmly slotting past Perin from close range.,1

SCAMACCA!!! 2-1! Lifeline for Genoa! The visitors are right back in this contest as Scamacca climbs to meet a corner and firmly plant his header past Szczesny.,1

MORATA!!! 2-0 JUVENTUS! The Bianconeri hit Genoa with a devastating counter! Chiesa leads the charge and his eventual shot is parried into the path of Ronaldo, who somehow hits the post from a couple of yards out. Thankfully, Morata is quickly there to ruthlessly tuck away the rebound.,1

Cuadrado blocks Zappacosta's attempted cross with his arm just outside the box and goes into the book.,2

KULUSEVSKI!!! 1-0 JUVENTUS! What a start by the hosts, who make their early pressure tell! Cuadrado demonstrates lovely footwork as he gets the better of Masiello before laying the ball off for Kulusevski, who beats Perin with a well-placed first-time finish.,1

Mbappe is booked after he twice barges into the back of Assignon near the corner flag, sending him to the floor in frustration.,2

PSG have made a triple change of their own, with Gueye one of those to come off and he has been replaced in midfield by Herrera.,0

Rennes have made their first substitution, with Bourigeaud heading off and he has been replaced by Assignon.,0

The final yellow card is shown to Donnarumma, who kept getting involved and speaking to the referee, who lost patience with the keeper in the end.,2

Martin is booked after he squares up to Kimpembe and both sets of players lose their tempers on the edge of the PSG box.,2

GOAL! Rennes have doubled their lead straight from the restart! Tait makes it 2-0 just seconds after the game kicks off. Rennes broke quickly up the pitch and PSG just couldn’t get close to them. Laborde sprints down the right wing, before drilling a cross into the box from the byline, which is met by Tait in the box and he slides the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

GOAL! Rennes have taken the lead on the brink of half-time, it’s 1-0! It comes from nothing as PSG had been on top, but they’ve caught their opponents out on the break. Sulemana pops up down the left wing and whips a superb cross into the penalty area, which Laborde meets at the far post, getting there ahead of Mendes and he powers it into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH SCORES THIS TIME!!!! 3-0!!! Salah missed a good opportunity for a third goal before the interval, but on this occasion he converts. Keita returns the favour for the second goal by releasing the forward behind the Cherries' backline. Ramsdale races off his line, but the forward clips the ball past him with his left foot and it rolls into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KEITA FINDS THE NET!!!! LIVERPOOL 2-0!!!! The Reds take a huge stride towards another victory as Keita stabs the ball home from close range. The goal is all about Salah as he draws three players in coverage. However, the Egyptian pulls a rabbit out of the hat to release his team-mate with a sublime backheel in the box. Keita collects and pokes the ball with his right foot into the right side of the net.,1

Alexander-Arnold has to enter the action to replace an ailing Lovren, which should see Gomez move into the middle of the defence.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! OXLADE-CHAMBERLAIN SCORES!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The Reds take the lead with a fine goal converted by Oxlade-Chamberlain. Henderson sends the ball forward over the top of the Bournemouth defence from his own half. Oxlade-Chamberlain times his run to perfection to latch on to the precise delivery and he sticks out a boot to divert it past Ramsdale.,1

Jesus scored a neat finish earlier, and he now makes way for Nketiah, who will be keen to get in on the act off the bench.,0

Rice will receive a bit of a rest as he jogs off to be replaced by Jorginho, a winner of this competition during his time with Chelsea.,0

Arteta goes to his bench, choosing to give Saka a break after he produced a goal and an assist in the first half. Nelson is on for him.,0

Just seconds after coming on, Khusanov goes in the book for a foul on Martinelli, perhaps a little too eager to make an impact.,2

Arteta also looks to his bench, bringing on White for Tomiyasu. The former Brighton defender has only recently returned from injury.,0

GOAL!!! ODEGAARD MAKES IT FIVE!!! Arsenal catch Lens on the counter, and Saka lays it to his right for Tomiyasu. The defender lofts a cross into the middle, where Odegaard is there to run onto the ball before thumping a volley into the back of the net. It is 5-0 to Arsenal!!!,1

The first booking of the game goes to Mendy for tripping up Jesus in midfield. That seemed a little harsh considering what the referee has let go already.,2

GOAL!!! 4-0 TO ARSENAL!!! This is simply stunning from the Gunners as they carve the visitors open yet again. Tomiyasu scoops a delightful diagonal ball out to the left for Martinelli, and the winger twists and turns past Frankowski before arrowing a fine finish into the far corner, giving Samba no chance!,1

GOAL!!! ARSENAL ARE RAMPANT!!! They come forward with another neat move, with Havertz laying it to his left for Martinelli. The left winger cuts in and shoots, and though Samba saves, he can only parry it straight into the path of Saka, who diverts into the back of the net with his thigh. 3-0 to Arteta's men!,1

GOAL!!! JESUS MAKES IT 2-0!!! It all comes from brilliantly persistent work from Saka, whose mazy run takes him deep into the heart of the Lens defence. The visitors eventually get a foot in, but Saka manages to nudge into the path of Jesus, who shows great composure to cut back onto his right foot before dispatching into the bottom corner. Arsenal are surely on their way to securing first place in Group B!,1

GOAL!!! HAVERTZ SCORES THIS TIME!!! The Germany international went close a moment ago, and this time he finds the back of the net. Lens fail to deal with a Tomiyasu cross, and Jesus nods into the six-yard box, where Havertz is on his toes to get to the ball first and poke home at close range. 1-0 Arsenal!!!,1

And there is Benzema's goal! After a brilliant performance that was only missing a goal, the French striker finally gets his name on the scoresheet as he sidefoots an Asensio cross into the back of the net to make it 5-0 to the visitors.,1

It's another superb goal for Real Madrid! It's 4-0 to the visitors as Rodrygo smashes an effort into the roof of the net, after some excellent interplay by Benzema and the impressive Vinicius. Rodrygo's shot gave Trubin absolutely no chance.,1

It's quite brilliant from Vinicius who makes it 3-0! He does superbly to weave his way into the box and shift onto his left foot, before driving his effort into the back of the net. That is surely the goal that finishes this game off.,1

The visitors double their lead! It's Vinicius with the goal after a dinked effort over the keeper Trubin. It was Modric who played a superb ball into him and the Brazilian made no mistake with his finish.,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!! VAN DIJK ADDS MORE GLOSS TO THE PROCEEDINGS! Milner's corner is flicked on by Mane at the near post, and the centre-back ghosts inside the six-yard area to power it home past Casillas to make it 4-1 on the night and 6-1 on aggregate!,1

Corona comes off after an industrious display, and Fernando comes on in his place for Conceicao's second change.,0

GOOOAAALLL!! FIRMINO HAS MADE IT 3-1!! The substitute gets on the end of a wonderful cross by Henderson and glances a great header past Casillas to make it 5-1 on aggregate and put the tie well beyond doubt!,1

Robertson has picked up a tiny knock, and Henderson takes his place as a precautionary measure and the skipper's armband from Milner, who now moves into left-back.,0

GOOOAAALLL!! PORTO ARE BACK IN IT!! Real Madrid-bound Militao leaps highest in a crowded Liverpool box and powers an unstoppable header past a diving Alisson to make it 2-1 on the night and 4-1 on aggregate!,1

That was Alexander-Arnold's last contribution of the game, as Gomez comes on in his place to make his long-awaited return to first-team action.,0

GOOOOAAALLLL!! GAME, SET AND MATCH LIVERPOOL!! Salah scores his first away goal of this season’s Champions League after a quick breakaway which saw him coolly dispatch the ball past Casillas following Alexander-Arnold’s raking throughball that completely deceived the Dragons’ backline! It’s now 2-0 to Klopp’s men as they lead 4-0 on aggregate!,1

Soares also comes on for Otavio as Conceicao looks to switch up his attacking options in search of a goal or four.,0

Firmino comes on for Origi as Klopp makes his first change of the match just as the second half is about to commence.,0

He would’ve been odds-on to get at least a yellow card, and Pepe fails to disappoint by getting his name in Makkeile’s book for bundling Origi over as the forward was about to turn and make a break for it.,2

Mane drops Militao with a stray arm with both going for an aerial ball, and the former receives the game’s first booking.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!! LIVERPOOL SCORE WITH THEIR FIRST SHOT ON TARGET! Not long after Van Dijk’s magnificent interception, the Reds score against the run of play after Salah ekes out a pinpoint pass towards Mane at the far post, and the Senegal forward pokes it home from close range! Despite referee Makkeile’s consultation with his assistants and VAR, the goal stands and Liverpool have the crucial yet undeserved 1-0 lead they craved!,1

Haraguchi has been one of Berlin's best in this game, but is brought off for more attacking options in the form of Anthony Ujah.,0

Michel loops the ball over the head of Nianzou, who can't stop in time, clatters into the substitute, and is yellow carded for his troubles.,2

Opening goalscorer Coman has had a brilliant game, and Bayern replace him with another electric winger in Serge Gnabry.,0

Awoniyi has been frustrated time and time again in front of goal, and Union bring on Andreas Voglsammer in the hope of achieving greater success on that front.,0

Musiala has impressed once again for Bayern, but his game ends with the introduction of Marcel Sabitzer.,0

Musiala pulls back Mohwald as the Berlin midfielder looks to advance over halfway, and the Bayern youngster is given a yellow card by the referee.,2

GGGGGOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!!! Lewandowski's got another!!!! A delightful one-two between Musiala and Muller sees the youngster carry on his run into the box, and he flashes the ball across goal to Lewandowski who taps it home to make it 4-0 to Bayern! What. A. Player.,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! Lewandowski dispatches the penalty with ease, sending Luthe the wrong way and putting Bayern two goals to the good! 3-0 to the hosts right on half-time, and it's a long way back for Berlin now.,1

Lewandowski attempts to turn and sprint away from Baumgartl, but he's clipped by the Union defender on the way through, who receives the first booking of this match.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Bayern have two!!!! Kimmich's corner is perfectly weighted for the late run of Nianzou, who smashes a bullet header low into the corner!!!! It's 2-0 to Bayern, and shows how clinical the Bundesliga champions are!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! A Bayern firecracker puts them into the lead!!! Die Roten work the ball well around the box, and Hernandez passes back inside to Coman. From 20 yards, he smashes a shot that curls, dips and swerves on its way to goal, deceiving Luthe and finding the back of the net! What a goal, and Bayern are up 1-0 in no time at all.,1

GOAL! Mbappe fires PSG into the lead from the penalty spot, they lead 2-1! PSG have come from behind to fire themselves in front late on! Capelle gave away the penalty, blocking Icardi's header with his arm and Mbappe coolly converted to score. Bernardoni dived the right way, but there was too much power on the shot and it found the bottom right corner of the net.,1

Capelle is booked for handling the ball after the referee overturned his original decision and it hands PSG a penalty.,2

Double substitution coming up by the visitors, with Boufal the first to come off and he has been replaced by Ounahi.,0

Another double change now by PSG, and it's a straight swap at right-back, with Dagba replaced by Hakimi.,0

GOAL! PSG are level, it's 1-1! They've finally found the equaliser and Danilo is the man to score it. Angers fail to clear the danger from a corner and it comes back out to Mbappe down the right, who then whips a cross towards the near post, which Danilo meets and he heads it into the back of the net. Game on!,1

Angers have made a substitution of their own, with Ali-Cho heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Brahimi.,0

GOAL! Angers take the lead, it’s 1-0! They counter quickly up the pitch after winning the ball back in midfield and Boufal gets down the right wing, then drills a low cross into the penalty area, which Fulgini meets and powers it into the back of the net from close range. Donnarumma had no chance of stopping that. PSG have to come from behind!,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 3-0 OLYMPIACOS! Cancelo caps the win for City with a fine effort. The Portuguese full-back cuts inside from the right and curls a beautiful left-footed shot into the bottom left corner from outside the box.,1

De Bruyne heads off with a few minutes to spare. City play Liverpool this weekend after all. Nmecha is on for him.,0

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 OLYMPIACOS! Jesus puts the game to bed with a roaring finish. De Bruyne slips Jesus into the box and the striker eludes Cisse with his stop-start run before he smashes the ball past Sa into the roof of the net at the near post.,1

Rodri also replaces Foden to shore up City's midfield. The hosts have lost some of the control over the game that they had in the first half.,0

Olympiacos don't mess around, making two changes at half-time. The Portuguese winger Bruma replaces Randjelovic.,0

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 OLYMPIACOS! It's been coming. De Bruyne sends Torres through into the right of the box. Torres takes a lovely first touch and slides the ball under the legs of Sa.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AUBAMEYANG CONVERTS!! 2-0!! Arsenal double their advantage as the Gabonese slides the ball into the back of the net. Aubameyang waits for De Gea to commit himself and he slots the ball down the middle of the goal. Arsenal have control of the contest now.,1

Sokratis wipes out Pogba in the middle of the park and goes into the book. The defender has to be careful again.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!! XHAKA SWERVES A STRIKE PAST DE GEA!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!! Arsenal take the lead with a sublime effort from Xhaka, although De Gea will not be thrilled with himself. United afforded the midfielder space and time to line up a strike from distance. He connected well with his effort and it travelled towards the net. De Gea lost the track of the ball as it swerved from right to left before nestling into the bottom corner. Not the Spaniard's best moment, but Arsenal will take it.,1

GOOOOAAALLLLL!! DANIELS MAKES IT 4-0!! The substitute managed to spend less than two minutes on the pitch before connecting with Ibe’s free-kick with a low header that leaves Arrizabalaga rooted to his spot!!,1

That was Stanislas’ last action of the match, and he comes off for new signing Mepham to a standing ovation.,0

Kovacic comes off for Loftus-Cheek in a like-for-like midfield swap for Sarri's final change of this match.,0

GOOOOAAALLLLL!!!! IT’S NOW 3-0 TO BOURNEMOUTH!! A magnificent team goal oozing in confidence, as Clyne pierces through the Chelsea defence with a brilliant throughball down the right wing which evades Emerson and David Luiz towards the quick Stanislas, who cuts it back for the grateful King to grab his brace!!,1

Surman becomes the first player to be booked by referee East following a bad challenge on substitute Willian.,2

Concern for Howe and his team, as Brooks stays down following a rough challenge. He comes off the pitch to a standing ovation and hopes that his injury isn’t too serious, and Ibe is brought on in his place.,0

Higuain, who has been ineffective throughout his Premier League debut, is hooked off for Giroud as Sarri looks to switch up his attacking options.,0

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! BOURNEMOUTH DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE!! Sloppy play by David Luiz just when Chelsea were in possession mode, as the Brazilian gives the ball away to Brooks who exchanges a one-two with King before taking one touch to evade a challenge and using the other to slot it past Arrizabalaga!! It’s now 2-0 to the Cherries, and the Vitality Stadium is rocking!,1

Willian comes on for Pedro in Sarri’s first change of the match, and he immediately takes a corner which is immediately thwarted by a resolute Bournemouth defence.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! BOURNEMOUTH TAKE THE LEAD!! Brooks again at the heart of the Cherries’ attacking play as he receives a throw-in before cutting the ball back to King, who has all the time to power it past Arrizabalaga! 90 seconds into the second half, and it’s 1-0 to Bournemouth!,1

Huszti has struggled to influence the game in the second half and is replaced by Hodzic for the final 10 minutes or so.,0

Nego trips Giroud out on the left wing and is shown a yellow card. Vidi are struggling to keep pace with Chelsea at the moment. ,2

2-2! GIROUD! Barkley runs over the set piece. Giroud steps up and fires it straight into the top corner with his left foot. That is a superb free-kick from the Frenchman. ,1

WHAT A GOAL! NEGO MAKES IT 2-1! Nego is left in space at the back post by Emerson as Vidi counter-attack. The clipped cross drops perfectly for the midfielder, who sweetly strikes a first-time volley past Caballero.,1

1-0! WILLIAN! Willian picks himself up after the foul and takes the free-kick almost exactly in line with the right post. He beats the wall and the goalkeeper can only get a weak hand to the ball as it goes into the net. ,1

Brighton clear the bench, as March runs off the ground with Izquierdo being given the final seven minutes plus stoppage time, to make an impact on the game.,0

Brighton make their second change, in the midst of the stoppage, as Knockaert makes way for Jahanbakhsh.,0

Brighton make their first change of the day as Locadia makes way for Murray, in a like for like replacement.,0

Sané's day is done as he jogs off the ground, being replaced by Mahrez, who has a chance to impress, in the final 19 minutes plus stoppage time.,0

GOAL MANCHESTER CITY - Aguero takes on two in the middle, as he slides it in for Sterling, but Aguero continues running into the box. Sterling returns to sender, as he taps it in past Ryan to score a goal. Manchester City 2 - Brighton & Hove Albion 0.,1

Duffy connects with the lower leg of Silva, bringing him down in agony. Duffy immediately apologises to Silva, but it does not save him from the ire of the referee, who raises a yellow card in his direction.,2

GOAL MANCHESTER CITY - Aguero with a clean pair of heels, as he crosses it into the box for Sane, who sends it from right to left, for Sterling to tap it in past Ryan. Manchester City 1 - Brighton & Hove Albion 0.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ASENSIO SCORES A STUNNER!!!!! 2-0!!!!! Madrid extend their advantage to all but secure the three points through a super strike from Asensio. It's straight off the training ground as Kroos works a short pass to the Spaniard from the left flank and he hammers his left-footed strike away from Gulacsi into the right side of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! VALVERDE PRODUCES A SUBLIME FINISH!!!! 1-0 MADRID!!!!! Los Blancos break the deadlock with a fine team move that Valverde finishes with a crisp strike on his left foot. Vinicius picks out the run of Valverde with a cross-field pass on the right flank. He cuts inside to open up space for a curling effort that finds the bottom-left corner.,1

GOAL! Atletico Madrid 2-1 Borussia Dortmund! The visitors pull one back through Haller, who rides a deflected pass sent his way on the edge of the box, and spins to tuck a low finish beyond Oblak!,1

Maatsen goes into the book for a late challenge on Llorente now. The officials have mostly kept a smart lid on this game.,2

GOAL! Atletico Madrid 2-0 Borussia Dortmund! The hosts promptly go down the other end and double their lead through Lino, who picks up a terrific scoop pass from Griezmann to fire below Kobel from just inside the box.,1

Two yellow cards in two minutes for Atleti now, as Llorente is booked for dissent after he is cited for a foul on Can, with his angry reaction not one the officials like.,2

But now a future blow for Atleti, as Lino is booked for a hefty challenge. That yellow means he will miss the return leg in Germany.,2

Can is handed a yellow for a tactical foul now as the hosts break. Atleti work the long set-piece delivery into the box, where Sancho heads away.,2

GOAL! Atletico Madrid 1-0 Borussia Dortmund! A horrendous square pass from Maatsen after Kobel plays short is flicked straight to De Paul, who wrestles a low shot beyond the keeper just inside the box. First blood to the hosts!,1

RICO BEATEN AGAIN AS RASHFORD MAKES IT FOUR! Rashford gets into the left-wing position and walks towards the penalty box before stopping shortly outside and belting an absolute thunderbolt which beats the goalkeeper at the near post! It’s a sublime goal out of absolutely nothing!,1

ANGUISSA IS SENT OFF! Following a challenge with Rashford, Anguissa is shown a second yellow, sending him off! It was a hard challenge, but it seemed fair at first. Rashford was not pleased with the challenge and the two get into a bit of pushing and jostling at the end. Ranieri is very unhappy on the touchline, but it makes no difference. Fulham are down to 10 men!,3

GOAL! The substitute, brought on just over 20 minutes ago wins the penalty and converts it with a cool finish to the right-hand side!  3-1!,1

It's two changes for Ranieri as Cairney will also play no further part – Vietto is the man to come on in his place.,0

Dalot brings down Bryan who was bearing down on the penalty area. He’ll receive a yellow for the challenge. ,2

LUKAKU MAKES IT THREE! It’s a simple tap-in finish after a short-corner routine. Mata passes to Lingard and continues his run, receiving the ball back as he approaches the byline and immediately centring it for Lukaku who slots it home with his left foot!,1

Anguissa steps in and takes Lingard down from behind in a cynical challenge which earns him a yellow card. ,2

MATA MAKES IT 2-0! Such a simply worked goal as Lukaku ends up on the left-wing with the ball and fires a perfectly weighted pass forward for Rashford who barrels into the penalty area. He looks up and finds Mata completely alone on the penalty spot, and he pulls it back for the Spain international to finish with a low left-footed effort! Well deserved! ,1

WHAT A FINISH FROM YOUNG! 1-0 with a goal of the highest quality from Young who feints to win some space before cutting inside the penalty area from the left-hand side, beating Odoi in the process and bending a well-struck shot into the far corner, leaving Rico completely mystified!  ,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! AUBAMEYANG SCORES! Is that the goal that sends Arsenal through? They have completed the turnaround – Saka delivering a wonderful cross to the back post, where Aubameyang is on hand to nod home. It’s 3-2 Arsenal, and the Gunners are going through!,1

An attacking change from Arteta, though Arsenal fans may question why it did not come slightly earlier. Lacazette is on, replacing Bellerin, and it seems Saka will switch to right-back.,0

GOOOOAALLLL!!! TIERNEY! What a finish that is from the full-back. Willian got down the left and supplied a pass into the former Celtic youngster, who sidesteps his marker before drilling a brilliant strike across Helton and into the bottom-right corner. It’s 2-2, but Arsenal still need another one!,1

Arteta reacts by making two changes. Ceballos is one of the players to go off. He has made way for Partey, who has returned from injury.,0

GOAL! Oh my word, what a mistake from Ceballos! It was the midfielder who conceded the free-kick for Benfica’s equaliser, and he has now cost Arsenal a second. Helton kicked it long and Ceballos inexplicably tried to head it back to Leno. He was totally unaware of Rafa, however, and the forward nipped onto it, rounded Leno and hit home in an empty net.,1

Pizzi, who has been on the fringes of things, also makes way. He has been replaced by the pacy and direct Everton.,0

GOOOOOAAALLL!! BENFICA STRIKE BACK! What a hit from Goncalves! He gets his effort up and over the wall and it dips wickedly into the top-left corner, giving Leno no chance! It’s 1-1!,1

GOAL! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD! Aubameyang has put the Gunners ahead, lifting a superb, composed finish over Helton after latching onto Saka’s excellent through ball. There is a check for offside, but the goal stands. It’s 1-0 Arsenal!,1

An early booking for Taarabt – who of course is a former Premier League player. He has found his form with Benfica, but just lunged in late on Gabriel.,2

Guardiola brings on an extra centre-back for the closing stages as Otamendi takes over from Rodrigo, who has been struggling with cramp.,0

Modric is off and Valverde on in the second of those changes - a substitution that could have perhaps been made a little earlier.,0

Carvajal is off and Vazquez on as Zidane makes a triple substitution in an attempt to salvage his side's European campaign.,0

Modric clips De Bruyne to halt the City playmaker's run and is shown the first yellow card of the match.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! CITY 2-1 MADRID!! ANOTHER VARANE HOWLER! Or should that be double howler?! Varane misses the initial header and is then short with his attempted headed pass back to Courtois. Jesus intercepts and beats Courtois from the angle with a fine finish to surely seal a quarter-final spot for City.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! CITY 1-1 MADRID!! GAME ON! Benzema plays the ball to Rodrygo and continues his run into the middle. Rodrygo, having knocked the ball down the line to himself, crosses towards the edge of the six-yard box and Benzema gets to it ahead of Fernandinho to head in.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! CITY 1-0 MADRID!! The visitors have been a little too keen to pass out from the back early on and have paid the ultimate price. Courtois rolls the ball to Varane to his right and the centre-back is caught in possession by Jesus, who squares for Sterling to guide it into an empty net.,1

Perhaps a sign of Manchester United's desperation, Van de Beek makes a rare appearance, as Lindelof traipses off.,0

Ten Hag makes an unorthodox double switch, taking off both central defenders: first, Varane is replaced by Maguire.,0

Rashford follows Mount to the touchline, taken off early after a disappointing performance. Eriksen comes on to replace him.,0

Having failed to make a major impact on his first Premier League start, Pellistri is withdrawn; fellow youngster Garnacho - who scored against Crystal Palace on Tuesday - replaces him.,0

After a free-kick decision does not go Crystal Palace's way, Hughes sees yellow for showing dissent towards the referee.,2

PALACE LEAD! Scoring a first-half goal for the first time this season, Crystal Palace go 1-0 up at Old Trafford! From Eze's free-kick, taken wide on the right, Andersen hooks a brilliant finish into the top-right corner! He hammers it past Onana from 10 yards and sends the away fans crazy!,1

After Ayew steals the ball from Amrabat in midfield, Casemiro lunges into a sliding challenge on the Palace forward and picks up an early booking. He must be careful for the rest of the game.,2

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Fernandes seals the win for United right at the death. United earn a free-kick deep in their own half which Pogba takes quickly. The Portuguese midfielder scampers forward into the box and slots calmly past Sanchez.,1

McTominay picks up a late yellow card for one niggly foul too many. United are starting to get slightly nervy.,2

Mac Allister hauls Rashford down as the substitute bursts forward on the counter-attack for United. A yellow card is the Argentine's reward.,2

Elanga's game is over for United. The Swede has worked hard for the hosts and has played a key role by getting Dunk sent off. Rashford comes on for him.,0

Brighton decide to switch things up now they have to play with 10 men. Trossard is sacrificed to bring Lamptey on.,0

RED CARD FOR BRIGHTON! After taking a second look at the incident, the referee wipes out Dunk's yellow card and replaces it with a straight red! Dunk did land himself in trouble there, and denied Elanga an obvious goalscoring opportunity.,3

Fernandes is shown the yellow card for protesting the decision with the referee. He's convinced Dunk should be sent off! After some discussion, Bankes heads over to look at the pitchside monitor...,2

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Ronaldo gives United the lead with a thunderous strike! Bissouma's closed down in midfield by McTominay who finds United's talisman on the edge of the box. The 37-year-old skips over a challenge and blasts the ball past Sanchez into the bottom right corner.,1

GOALLLL! SCHICK SCORES! 2-2! Leverkusen have come from two goals down to equalise! Andrich bursts down the right and is given the space to curl a right-footed cross into the box. The ball goes over Huseynov and straight to Schick, who heads in from close range. That's really poor marking from a tired Qarabag side.,1

Qarabag are trying to slow down the play and are making another two changes. Xhixha races onto the pitch to replace Zoubir, who has completed just 65.7 per cent of his passes.,0

Juninho went to the floor just after his shot was saved by Kovar and cannot continue. He is replaced by Akhundzade, who has a massive role to fill in the Brazilian's absence.,0

Leverkusen respond by making a couple of their own changes. There is a straight swap up front, with Schick replacing Iglesias. The Spaniard struggled to get involved in the attack.,0

Qarabag make their first substitution. Leandro Andrade had 32 touches on the right side of the attack and is now being given a rest. Silva is on.,0

GOALLLL! WIRTZ SCORES! Leverkusen are back in the contest out of nothing. Qarabag have possession in the midfield, but a wayward pass back to the goalkeeper goes straight to Wirtz, who is one-on-one with Lunev and chips his shot over the goalkeeper and into the net. Qarabag lead 2-1.,1

Hlozek is also on his way off after having 32 touches up front and just two shots. He is replaced by Wirtz, who was rested for this match but needs to come on for Leverkusen to try and save their unbeaten streak.,0

Alonso is forced into a change in the midfield. Xhaka has been a reliable option for the head coach since signing from Arsenal and replaces Palacios.,0

There should be no surprise that Alonso has made a change at half-time. Tella is replaced on the right by Frimpong.,0

GOALLL! JUNINHO SCORES! 2-0 QARABAG! Juninho gets the goal his performance has deserved! Leverkusen commit men forward, with Andrade rolling a perfect throughball into the path of Juninho. The Brazilian gets the wrong side of Tah and races into the box. He is one-on-one with Kovar, chipping the ball over the goalkeeper before tapping his shot into an open net.,1

GOALLLL! 1-0 QARABAG! The hosts have the lead in this tie! Juninho has been brilliant for Qarabag and does brilliantly to make the most of a loose touch from Tah to win possession. He drives down the left side of the box and pokes a pass across to Benzia, who lashes his shot into the top-left corner.,1

Juninho makes a late tackle on Palacios and goes into the book. The Leverkusen player overreacted to the tackle, which probably led to the referee getting his yellow card out.,2

Palmer's goal seems like an age ago but Chelsea won't be thinking about that right now. Casadei has come on to try and secure the three points.,0

GAME ON! 2-1 DANNY WELBECK! He gets in between the two Chelsea centre-backs and pokes in the cross. There are over three minutes left to play here, could they?,1

Yep, it is difficult to argue there. Pedro fouls him and as the Brazilian goes by James kicks out at him. It went to VAR and the referee quickly made his decision. James is sent off.,3

Lamptey makes way for Offiah. He was lucky to not be sent off for his foul on Mudryk, but he was really positive against his former club.,0

Verbruggen is a lucky man to only see yellow. He takes out Jackson after he is bypassed by the forward. Jackson was wide of the goal but he had a clear shooting chance, well obviously not actually according to the referee. It is a free-kick to Chelsea on the edge with Verbruggen in goal.,2

Sterling gets Chelsea's first yellow card of the game. He clatters into the Brighton player and can't really complain about the card.,2

Gusto also makes way and after struggling at the end of the first-half has carried on and been vital in Chelsea scoring a second. James is on for his second appearance since returning from injury.,0

THE BALLOON IS OUT! NKUNKU DOUBLES CHELSEA'S LEAD! He sprints into the box and passes the ball into the net. It is a sight that Chelsea fans have been dying for, but they have probably been more excited to see his balloon celebration. It has been a long time coming but he puts the Blues 2-0 up.,1

Mudryk went straight down the tunnel and is substituted due to concussion protocols. Nkunku is coming on and it has been a stop-start first year to his Chelsea career.,0

WHAT A GOAL! WHO ELSE BUT COLE PALMER! Normally he produces magic with his feet but this time he is unleashing a beautiful header that curves away from Verbruggen to make it 1-0. Chelsea have found a gem with him and he is continuing to deliver.,1

It is a pretty simple yellow card, Jackson was just about to get into the box but he got shoved to the ground by Dunk.,2

Carvajal is booked for catching Merino late, over on the Sociedad left. It's a good crossing position for Januzaj.,2

Marvin Park comes on in a straight swap for Rodrygo in attack. The 20-year-old has come through Madrid's youth ranks, having previously spent three years at Tranmere Rovers!,0

Here he comes! David Silva makes his Real Sociedad debut, replacing Isak. After 10 years, he's back in La Liga.,0

Mendy is booked for a shoulder-barge on Portu as the Sociedad winger looked to break away down the right. Again, a booking seems harsh.,2

Portillo is brought on for the final couple of minutes of Getafe's European campaign. Olivera is the player to make way.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! INTER 2-0 GETAFE! A minute after being brought off the bench, Eriksen blasts home from eight yards to surely seal the win for Inter. It all came about as a result of Dakonam's poor clearance, which the Spanish side could not recover from.,1

It is Conte's turn to make a change as Sanchez, who is to join Inter permanently on Thursday, takes over from Martinez up top.,0

Bordalas has turned to his bench for the first time today, bringing on Rodriguez for Maksimovic up top.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! INTER 1-0 GETAFE!! Lukaku fires Inter in front at the VELTINS-Arena! This is the Belgian striker at his best, allowing Bastoni's long pass to run past him before holding off Etxeita and firing an angled shot away from Soria from the edge of the six-yard box.,1

Casemiro loses control of the ball on the edge of the Elche box and slides in to try to regain possession. However, he clatters into Josema and is booked by the referee.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FIDEL CONVERTS!!! 1-1!!!! The home side are back in the game as Fidel beats Courtois from 12 yards. The winger strikes the ball hard and low with his left foot to find the bottom-left corner. Courtois goes the right way, but cannot reach it. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MODRIC HEADS HOME!!!! 1-0 MADRID!!! Los Blancos take the lead as Modric converts with a close-range header. He starts the move before Kroos picks out Asensio. The Spaniard drills a strike from distance towards goal that smashes off the underside of the bar. Modric is the first player to react and he steers his header away from Badia into the top-right corner. Predatory from the midfielder.,1

David Silva replaces Rodri for the hosts as Guardiola removes his defensive midfielder from the fray.,0

Aguero is withdrawn for Jesus. The Argentine is not happy with his manager, although Guardiola seems to be suggesting that the forward should have made his way off the pitch at the near point of exit rather than directly to the bench. One to monitor...,0

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUCAS SCORES WITH HIS FIRST TOUCH!!! 2-2!!! Spurs notch their second equaliser of the game. Lucas comes off the bench and makes an instant impact. He rises above Walker to glance his header from Lamela's cross over Ederson and into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AGUERO RESTORES CITY'S LEAD!!!! 2-1!!! Patience from the hosts allows them to regain the lead. Bernardo Silva and De Bruyne open up Spurs down the right flank. The Belgian fires a low ball into the middle where Aguero makes his run across Alderweireld. He clips the ball past Lloris from close range into the left bottom corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LAMELA EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! Spurs are back in the contest almost immediately as the Argentine sends a fine finish past Ederson. Lamela is afforded space and time between the City midfield and defence. Ederson's positioning is suspect and allows the Tottenham winger to bend his effort beyond his reach into the back of the net. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!! STERLING HEADS CITY IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead out of nothing as Sterling converts at the back post. De Bruyne is the architect as he whips a pinpoint delivery towards his team-mate. Sterling travels off the back of Walker-Peters and nods his effort across Lloris and into the net. A super finish from the forward, who has his fourth of the campaign.,1

Last change for Arsenal now as we head into stoppage time. Aubameyang is taken off, with Martinelli on to replace him.,0

Luiz throws the ball away in frustration after the referee chooses not to play the advantage to Villa. It's right in front of Craig Pawson and he's booked for dissent. ,2

RAMSEY PULLS ONE BACK! It's great work from Bailey as he rolls the challenges from Arsenal's defenders on the edge of the box and when he loses control of it, Ramsey is there. He hits the shot first time, curling it out of Ramsdale's reach and right into the top corner. 3-1! ,1

Lacazette stretched to poke an effort towards goal and instantly signalled to the bench. He received treatment on the pitch, but goes straight off and is replaced by Odegaard.,0

Villa try to break on the counter and Aubameyang pushes Luiz down to stop it which earns him a yellow card.,2

Targett slides in on Saka and takes him out without getting anywhere near the ball. He's booked for the challenge.,2

SMITH ROWE SCORES! Smith Rowe starts the move when he intercepts McGinn's throughball deep in his own half. He drives down the left before being picked out by Aubameyang and he's got acres of space to run into. He takes his shot from inside the box and a deflection off Mings wrongfoots Martinez and sends it in off the inside of the near post. 3-0 Arsenal!,1

Villa are making a change at the start of the second half. Tuanzebe is going off, which means Villa will now be playing with a back four, and Bailey is on to replace him.,0

AUBAMEYANG SCORES! The forward is alert when Martinez pushes the ball away and he reacts quickly to get on the rebound. He lifts his shot over the keeper before he can react and hits the back of the net. 2-0 Arsenal! ,1

Lokonga slips and then grabs hold of McGinn's shirt to stop him from getting away. He gives away a free-kick and has his name taken by the referee. ,2

McGinn loses the ball to Lokonga and then takes out the Belgian in his attempts to win it back which earns him a yellow card.,2

Mings stepped across Lacazette in an attempt to win the ball, catching the forward in the process. He's shown a yellow card.,2

PARTEY SCORES! The goal has been coming, and Arsenal finally take the lead! It's a good corner from Smith Rowe and the first man misses it. Partey gets away from his defender and flicks his header into the ground. It bounces just in front of Martinez and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Arsenal! ,1

Targett went over the top to try and pick out Watkins, but Gabriel shielded it back to his keeper by backing into the forward. Watkins pushes him to the ground and is shown a very early booking.,2

SON SCORES! 2-1! Son steps up confidently and hits the penalty into the right corner, with McCarthy going the wrong way!,1

BALE! 1-1! Son slips a clever pass into Lucas inside the box and although his shot is blocked by Vestergaard, it falls to Bale who curls an accurate finish from eight yards into the far corner! ,1

INGS! 1-0! Southampton take the lead! Ward-Prowse whips in an inviting corner towards the near post, where Ings is on hand to glance a clever header that clips the far post before bouncing into the net!,1

GOOOAL! Iborra makes it 2-1! Gaspar controls the ball in a pocket of space on the right flank before whipping an excellent delivery into the box, and Iborra is played onside by Ramos as he rises highest to direct the ball into the bottom left-hand corner.,1

GOOOAL! Benzema makes it 2-0! Villarreal are not happy with the referee for allowing Madrid to re-take the penalty, but Benzema steps up and drills the ball into the bottom left-hand corner to double their lead.,1

Villarreal have made a double change at the break with the first switch seeing Pena replaced by Bruno.,0

GOOOAL! Benzema makes it 1-0 to Madrid! Modric surges into the final third before sliding a smooth pass towards Benzema as he enters the right-hand side of the box, and the striker makes no mistake as he drills the ball underneath Asenjo to open the scoring.,1

The scorer of Heidenheim's second goal, Beste is given a breather by Schmidt after a good day's work. He is replaced for the dying moments by Thomalla.,0

CHOUPO-MOTING!!! 4-2! That should surely seal the points for Bayern! Sane leads the charge again on the counter. The ball comes out to Tel on the right flank. He sends a delicious ball into the box and Choupo-Moting plants a firm header into the bottom corner.,1

Only Kim and Upamecano completed more passes for Bayern than Pavlovic, who goes off to be replaced by Davies.,0

GUERREIRO!!! 3-2 BAYERN! The hosts are back in front! We cannot catch our breath here! Within two minutes of been pegged back, Bayern are back in front. Laimer squares the ball for Choupo-Moting, whose shot is blocked by Kevin Muller. But it drops kindly to Guerreiro, who volleys into the empty net to restore the hosts' lead.,1

BESTE!!! 2-2! Heidenheim are level! Who saw this coming?! In the blink of an eye, we are all square at the Allianz Arena. Bayern try to play out from the back, but a loose pass goes straight to Beste. The midfielder ruthlessly punishes the hosts as his shot deflects off Kim and over Neuer to draw this contest level.,1

KLEINDIENST!!! 2-1! Hope for Heidenheim! The visitors pull a goal back following a wonderful counter. They neatly work the ball out to the right flank, before a deep cross is turned in by Kleindienst at the back post.,1

Thomas Muller is also given a breather with Tel having another opportunity to impress from the bench.,0

Theuerkauf is also given a breather by Schmidt. He is replaced by Beck, who was only player to make way from last weekend's win over Stuttgart.,0

Heidenheim make a couple of changes just after the hour mark. The first sees Maloney, who picked up a knock in the first half, replaced by Sessa.,0

KANE!!! 2-0 BAYERN! Everything he touches turns to goals! Once again, Sane is the provider as his corner lands perfectly on the head of the England captain, who wonderfully plants the ball beyond the reach of Kevin Muller and into the net. The hosts have breathing space just before half-time.,1

KANE!!! 1-0 BAYERN! It's that man again! The England captain just cannot stop scoring at the moment. Bayern counter and Sane leads the charge with a strong run down the right. He then feeds the ball into Kane, who takes a couple of touches in the box before brilliantly firing past Kevin Muller on the turn.,1

Heidenheim threaten to quickly counter and Mazraoui is adjudged to have tripped Beste. The Bayern right-back receives the first yellow card of the game.,2

Valverde's game is over. He's replaced by James, who can relax knowing that Madrid have already got the job done.,0

GOAL! 2-0 MADRID! Madrid have sealed the win now, and Rodrygo did it all by himself! The Brazilian races towards Osasuna's box from the halfway line, jinks inside on his right foot and rolls the ball low under Martinez! The teenage Brazilian takes a bow. VAR takes a look but it'll count this time! ,1

Vinicius goes off to applause from the Madrid fans - his goal may well prove to be the difference. Rodrygo replaces him. ,0

Nacho gets a deserved yellow card for holding back Moncayola as he looks to break forward. Seconds later, Kroos hits the deck but play is called back to Madrid's chagrin.,2

Lillo gets booked for losing a foot race with Nacho towards the corner flag and completely misreading the bounce of the ball, kicking straight through the Madrid full back. Madrid free-kick.,2

GOAL! 1-0 MADRID! What a lovely goal by Vinicius! He's barely been in the game so far. Vinicius picks up the ball on the edge of the box, takes one step onto his right foot and curls the ball past Martinez! The Brazilian looks ecstatic.,1

Militao gets an early yellow card for tripping Garcia when he turns the Madrid defender in the centre of the pitch.,2

Raphinha cuts inside and races over halfway looking to spark a counter-attack, but he's caught from behind by a sliding Pau Torres, who is booked by the referee for that clear foul.,2

Villarreal throw caution to the wind with their latest change, as captain Albiol comes off for Aissa Mandi.,0

Another defensive change coming for Barcelona, as Kounde comes off for Gerard Pique to see out the game.,0

Lewandowski won't get the chance to complete his hat-trick, as he's brought off for Ousmane Dembele with 15 minutes left to play.,0

De Jong also comes off, and is replaced at the base of Barca's midfield by their club captain Sergio Busquets.,0

Barca make their first two changes of the game, and both are defensive, with Roberto being replaced by Hector Bellerin at right-back.,0

Jackson's hardly had a kick in the final third, and comes off for Alberto Moreno in the visitors' latest substitution.,0

Morlanes is next off for the Yellow Submarine, and is replaced in midfield by his namesake Manuel Trigueros.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Number 10 with number three!!! Gavi finds Ferran Torres out wide, and he dribbles into the box, evading three before squaring to Fati. His initial scuffed effort bounces back off the post, and in the resulting goalmouth scramble, Fati keeps his composure to backheel the ball into the unguarded net, putting Barca 3-0 up and absolutely cruising!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! There's the second!!! Pedri's brilliant tackle sees the ball skew to Gavi, who shrugs off Parejo before finding Lewandowski wide to his left. He cuts inside and aims up a shot from the edge of the box, before curling the ball beyond Rulli's reach and into the far corner!!! 2-0 as quick as a flash, and Lewandowski's masterful finishing has provided them both!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! The composure!!! Pedri slices the defence open with a throughball to Alba, who squares to Lewandowski. He dummies and turns, taking two defenders out of the equation and leaving Rulli scrambling, before slotting the ball underneath the goalkeeper and into the back of the net!!! What a cool finish, and it's put Barcelona 1-0 up!!,1

Pedraza has picked up an injury and can't continue, and the Villarreal left-back will be replaced by Johan Mojica after a quarter of an hour of play.,0

IT'S ANOTHER! Wolves have been better this half, but it's Man City who score. Haaland receives the ball, and De Bruyne makes a similar overlapping run to the first goal. This time he sets up Foden who flicks the ball into the back of the net.,1

Neves gets a yellow for arguing with Taylor, as he feels that Wolves deserved a foul call in the build-up to an earlier chance.,2

Nunes makes a sliding tackle on De Bruyne, who rolls over about four times, and Taylor promptly books the Wolves player.,2

IT'S A STRAIGHT RED CARD FOR NATHAN COLLINS! It's a flying kick on Grealish, and it's WAY too high! That is not a good challenge at all as he catches the City player on his thigh and stomach. He has not done his team any favours at all. It is especially reckless since it is at the touchline and nowhere near goal.,3

GOAAAALLLLLLLLLL!!!! Wolves 0-2 Man City! Who else but Erling Haaland? Wolves lose the ball again, and City take advantage of the gaps. Haaland receives the ball and runs at Max Kilman, who he turns inside-out with ease. The striker then fires his shot past Sa, scoring his 14th goal of the season.,1

Diaz seems to be distracted, and Rodri has to react as Wolves get the ball, pulling back Nunes by the shirt. It's right in front of Anthony Taylor, and Wolves get a free-kick right outside of the box.,2

GOAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLL!!! IT HAS NOT EVEN BEEN 60 SECONDS YET, BUT MAN CITY HAVE SCORED. De Bruyne makes an overlapping run behind Foden, and he crosses it into the box for Jack Grealish to nick it away for his first goal of the season. Wolves 0-1 Man City.,1

Ranieri brings on fresh legs up top as he gives, scorer of the second goal, Keita a rest and replaces the forward with La Gumina.,0

Hakimi chops down Keita, perhaps more out of frustration than any thing and deservedly becomes the next name in the referee's book.,2

Askildsen joins Keita in the book a minute later for a needless pull of the shirt on Hakimi and then for kicking the ball away in an attempt to waste time.,2

Keita leaves his mark on De Vrij in the air and the forward becomes the next name in referee Valeri's growing list of cautions.,2

Barella, who gave away the penatly for Sampdoria's opener, is brought off in a like-for-like swap with Vidal.,0

GOALLL! 2-1! Brozovic delivers an inviting delivery towards the six-yard area, where De Vrij climbs the highest to head downwards into the bottom right corner past Audero, who cannot stop the centre-back's effort from close range.,1

Conte signals his attacking intent as he brings off midfielder Gagliardini for forward Lukaku, who will join Martinez and Sanchez up top.,0

Thorsby is the next into the book as he catches Skriniar with an accidental elbow when going up for an aerial duel.,2

At half-time, Perisic replaces Young at left wing-back as the visitors look for more of an attacking threat down the left-hand side.,0

De Vrij goes flying through the back of Keita on the touchline and rightfully earns a place in referee Valeri's book.,2

GOALLLL! 2-0 SAMPDORIA! Damsgaard picks the ball up on halfway, coasts past three or four Inter players before reaching the right of the area. The youngster then drills a cross to Keita, who flicks a right-footed effort past Handanovic at the near post.,1

GOALLLLLL! 1-0 SAMPDORIA! Candreva makes no mistake from the spot, sends Handanovic the wrong way and whips his right-footed effort into the top left corner to open the scoring.,1

Barella gives away the penalty and also gets booked for stopping Tonelli's shot at the back post which seemed destined for the far corner.,2

Martinez gets the first booking of the game for the ball hitting his hand on the edge of the area after Jankto had volleyed towards goal.,2

Here is the final Everton substitution and it's an enforced one as Digne has picked up an injury, so Jagielka is his replacement, with Zouma moving out to left-back.,0

Here come the Everton substitution, with Gueye coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by McCarthy.,0

McTominay is the first United player to be booked, after his late challenge on Calvert-Lewin. A sign of frustration by the midfielder.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Everton make it 4-0! Walcott races through on goal between Smalling and Lindelof, the pass is perfect by Sigurdsson and Walcott just has De Gea to beat, slotting the ball underneath the United keeper and into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Everton are now 3-0 up! Digne with a phenomenal strike from the edge of the penalty area. It comes from a corner that was headed clear to the left-back, he smashes the ball into the bottom corner from 25 yards out. That's surely the three points wrapped up now!,1

United have made a double substitution ahead of the second half, perhaps enforced after Jones picked up an injury and he has been replaced by Young.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Everton double their lead, it's 2-0! Wonderful strike by Sigurdsson to put the hosts further ahead. It comes from a United corner, Everton break away quickly on the counter, it comes out to Sigurdsson, who cuts inside from the left and lines up a shot from 30 yards out, which flies straight into the bottom corner.,1

Gueye is shown the first yellow card of the game after catching Fred late, deep inside the Everton half.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Richarlison doesn't miss this time, Everton lead 1-0! It comes from a long throw-in by Digne, which is flicked on by Calvert-Lewin and Richarlison produces an acrobatic volley to fire the ball past De Gea and into the back of the net.,1

Calafiori has grown into this game and enjoyed himself after a tough start, but he appears to pull up with cramp. Bruno Peres is introduced.,0

Zaniolo, rather concerningly, appeared to gesture to the bench a moment earllier and now bows out for Under.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! PEROTTI! It's three for Roma and two for the captain! This goal owes everything to the pace and power of Zaniolo, though. He darts straight up the centre of the pitch and slides a pass through for his skipper to finish with the aid of a deflection.,1

Juve are acting quickly after failing to hit back in this second half. A double-change includes Rabiot's departure for Ramsey.,0

Poor from Perotti! He struggles to halt a Juve attack down the right and trips Danilo just outside the box, earning a yellow card.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! PEROTTI! Roma have turned it around! 2-1! Szczesny is really unfortunate, diving the right way but just unable to get his fingertips to a low, placed spot-kick.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! KALINIC! We're all square at 1-1! This is a superb header. A corner from the left finds the striker in the centre of goal, but he has to twist to get his head to the ball and does so wonderfully, picking out the top-right corner.,1

Rugani is the first man into the book. He attempts to get in front of Kalinic to win the ball but gets the man first.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! HIGUAIN! It's 1-0 Juve! The striker is all alone in front of goal following Bernardeschi's corner and swivels to find the net. Simple stuff.,1

Vallejo picks up a late yellow card for a foul on Puig. It's academic at this point, though, as the final whistle blows!,2

GOAL! GRANADA 3-5 BARCELONA! Barca have finally got the comfortable lead they deserve. Granada block Messi's shot from the centre of the box but Griezmann picks up the pieces and lofts the ball to Alba at the far post who lashes home on the volley.,1

GOAL! GRANADA 3-4 BARCELONA! Barca grab the lead for the second time! Escandell spills Messi's low shot from outside the box. de Jong arrives quickly to slot it home. It's not Escandell's fault - without him Granada would have been dead and buried long before this.,1

Granada make a quick change during the break. Eleki is replaced by the Atletico Madrid loanee centre-back Perez.,0

Alba's booked for his reaction to the penalty being given. Granada have the chance to equalise from the spot...,2

GOAL! GRANADA 3-3 BARCELONA! Vico steps up to slot the penalty calmly past ter Stegen! Barca have shot themselves in the foot again.,1

GOAL! GRANADA 2-3 BARCELONA! Barca grab the lead for the first time in this tie! They've come back from two goals down! Griezmann powers a header into the net from Alba's cross. There was nothing Escandell could do about it.,1

GOAL! GRANADA 2-2 BARCELONA! Barca come back from 2-0 down! Alba finishes from close range as Griezmann nods the ball down to the left-back. Granada understandably look crestfallen.,1

GOAL! GRANADA 2-1 BARCELONA! They couldn't, could they? It's a cruel goal for Escandell to concede after the game he's had, as Griezmann's speculative near post shot hits the post and rebounds off the keeper into his own net.,1

Barcelona make a substitution. Puig is on for Busqets. Koeman might as well give the 21-year-old a runout at this point.,0

Koeman decides to make a change. Dembele is on for Trincao who won't be scoring today but perhaps should have done.,0

Granada are making some curiously early changes. Soro is the next player to head off. The left-sided Vico is on for him.,0

Roberto trudges off for treatment. Hopefully his injury isn't too bad. Dest takes his place as Barca's right-back.,0

GOAL! GRANADA 2-0 BARCELONA! Barca are in real trouble. Montoro cuts out an attack on the edge of his own box and launches it forward to Soldado with Barca's defence caught upfield. Soldado takes it into the area and slots it calmly past ter Stegen!,1

GOAL! GRANADA 1-0 BARCELONA! That makes things interesting! Barca make a hash of passing out from the back and Soro pickpockets Umtiti near the byline. The midfielder rolls across goal to Kenedy who taps in!,1

Eteki's rightly booked for barging Messi off the ball during a Barca counter-attack. He knew what he was doing.,2

Messi's booked for catching Diaz with a high foot. That was scarcely worse than the challenge he suffered a few moments ago but those are the rules.,2

GOALLL!!! 2-0 REAL!! ASENSIO!! Real double their lead this time with a brilliant finish from Asensio. They win the ball high up the pitch and Alvaro slips the ball into the winger, who makes no mistake with the finish. Game over!,1

Nacho is shown a yellow card on the bench after complaining to the referee following a challenge on Vinicius.,2

GOALLL!!! 1-0 REAL!!! VALVERDE!! Real finally break the deadlock through Valverde! Vinicius patiently waits for the midfielder’s late run and times his pass perfectly. Valverde makes no mistake with his finish to give the visitors the lead.,1

GOALLL!!! 1-1 HOFFENHEIM!! KRAMARIC!! Kramaric scores from a free-kick to equalise for the visitors! He curls the ball over the wall and toward the top left corner. Sommer gets a hand to the effort, but it goes in off the post.,1

GOALLL!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!! PAVARD!!! Bayern open the scoring as Pavard pokes the ball home close range! Coman fires the ball back into the box following a clearance from Kimmich’s corner, and it falls at the feet of Pavard. The defender takes a touch before scoring past Baumann!,1

Gross is pulled to the floor by Holgate and the Seagulls have a free-kick down the left-hand side midway inside the Everton half. The Everton defender goes into the book. ,2

Ancelotti also turns to his bench for the closing stages, bringing on Broadhead for Davies. It is still 0-0. ,0

Keane cheaply loses the ball on the edge of his own box. In seeking to make amends, his slides in on Welbeck and catches the attacker. He is shown a yellow card and the Seagulls have a free-kick in a dangerous central area. ,2

Dunk is the first player in this match to pick up a yellow card. The defender steps across Richarlison midway inside the Everton half, and he can have no complaints with the decision. ,2

We're about to get back underway. Aaron Connolly replaces Andraz Sporar in Middlesbrough's third change of the game.,0

Tavernier picks up a booking for a less-than-clean bit of play on Pogba's heels. That comes as a slight relief for United.,2

GOAL! MATT CROOKS LEVELS FOR MIDDLESBROUGH! 1-1! There is huge controversy about this one, but Boro have seized upon the most unlikely of lifelines! A break from the visitors sees Duncan Watmore bring the ball to earth on the left edge of the box, where he appears to handle his collection, before his half-shot looped over Henderson is bundled home at the far post. Referee Anthony Taylor ignores the protests and the lure of VAR - this one will stand!,1

It's a booking for Pogba on his return to the side, as the Frenchman is deemed to have fouled while slipping to the ground.,2

GOAL! JADON SANCHO DOESN'T MISS THIS TIME FOR MANCHESTER UNITED! 1-0! The pressure tells for Middlesbrough, and it they are exposed after the winger makes the perfect run for the crossfield ball. He turns around the defender, tucks it across the keeper from the left and watches it nestle at the far post. Lovely stuff!,1

RED CARD! Saelemaekers receives his marching orders after pulling back Ceppitelli as he looked to break. The Milan midfielder lasted less than 10 minutes.,3

He's been on less than two minutes but Saelemaekers is already in the book after a high challenge on Zappa.,2

GOAAAALLLLL! MILAN LEAD 2-0! It's that man again Ibrahimovic. The Swede is found with a brilliant ball over the top before bringing it down perfectly and slotting past Cragno. The linesman raises his flag much to the striker's disbelief before VAR officials inform the referee the goal should stand. 2-0!,1

The visitors have made a change at the break with Kyatengwa replacing Kjaer who must have taken a knock.,0

Romagnoli earns the first booking of the game after wrestling Simeone to the ground right in front of the referee.,2

GOAAALLLLLL! IBRAHIMOVIC CONVERTS! The veteran striker steps up and makes no mistake, sending Cragno the wrong way to give Milan the perfect start! 1-0!,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!! BARCELONA HAVE THREE!!! MESSI SCORES HIS 600TH GOAL FOR BARCELONA! The Argentine is spectacular as he curls his free-kick into the top corner from 30 yards. It's unstoppable as Alisson makes a despairing dive to his right, but cannot reach the ball with his outstretched hand. An incredible finish from Messi to hand his team control of the tie.,1

Fabinho blocks off Messi in the final third and goes into the book. Barcelona have a free-kick 30 yards from goal.,2

Wijnaldum is withdrawn for the visitors and is replaced by Firmino. An attacking substitute by Klopp.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI MAKES IT TWO AGAINST THE RUN OF PLAY!!! 2-0 BARCA!! Messi makes Liverpool pay for their lack of clinical edge, he taps home from close range after Suarez hits the bar. The Argentine was afforded space and time on the edge of the box to run at the Reds. Fabinho made the tackle, although it went straight into the box. Robertson diverted it away from Sergi Roberto, but Suarez was there. He struck his effort towards goal, only to be denied by the bar. Messi was on hand to convert the rebound as the ball fell perfectly for him in the six-yard box. Barca have command of the tie now.,1

An interesting change for Barca as Valverde withdraws Coutinho to bring on Semedo. The home side need the extra protection on the flank to fend off Mane and Robertson.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SUAREZ PUTS BARCA AHEAD!! 1-0!!! The Uruguayan notches his first Champions League goal of the season, poking his strike past Alisson from close range. Alba fired a low ball into the dangerzone and Suarez's movement was excellent. He ran through a gap between Van Dijk and Matip before diverting the cross into the bottom corner. Barcelona strike first in the semi final.,1

Henderson replaces Keita for the visitors in the middle of the park. He takes the armband immediately.,0

Mepham kicked Podence's legs out from under him inside the centre circle and has his name taken by the referee.,2

Neves wasn't happy with Mepham's foul and he chases the referee down to make that point. Much to his surprise and frustration, he's shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

Final roll of the dice for Bournemouth now. Christie goes off for Anthony, who comes on with a note of instructions for the midfield.,0

Double change for Wolves now as they try to find a late breakthrough. Nunes is the first to make way, with Podence on for him.,0

O'Shea has been solid in the Burnley defence and got an assist to his name for a fantastic pass to Brunn Larsen earlier in the match. Ekdal comes on in his place.,0

GOALLL! BROWNHILL SCORES! 5-0 BURNLEY! The captain gets a goal to his name. Tresor and Obafemi try to keep possession just inside the Blades' box, but Bogle gets his foot across to poke it away. However, the ball rolls out to Brownhill, who whips his powerful effort past Foderingham.,1

Amdouni got a goal and an assist in a matter of minutes and is also coming off for a rest. Redmond takes his place in the attack.,0

Burnley are four goals ahead and have decided to make some changes. There is a straight swap up front, with scorer Rodriguez coming off for Obafemi.,0

Koleosho's final impact on the game was his goal. Trésor is given the chance to make an impression in the final stage of the game.,0

GOALLL! KOLEOSHO SCORES! 4-0 BURNLEY! The hosts are full of confidence now. Amdouni receives the ball from Vitinho and rolls a pass across to Koleosho. The winger crashed the bar moments before but makes no mistake with this finish, shooting the ball into the bottom corner at the near post.,1

GOALLL! AMDOUNI SCORES! 3-0 BURNLEY! Taylor heads the ball into the air on the left, with Beyer getting on the end of it to knock it inside. Amdouni rushes towards the loose ball, driving through the middle of two defenders before sliding a low shot across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1

Bruun Larsen netted Burnley's second goal of the game and has been a constant threat down the right side of the pitch. He is now being replaced by the experienced Gudmundsson.,0

Osula leads with his elbow when jumping for the ball against Brownhill. He goes into the book as a result.,2

The Blades are making three changes before the restart to try and get back into this match. McAtee came on in their last win against Wolves and changed the game completely. He is given the same role this time, replacing Thomas.,0

There is also an adjustment in the attack, with Archer coming off. Traore is given the chance to make an impression. United only have one substitution left to make.,0

RED CARD! The Blades are two goals behind and are now down to 10 men. McBurnie crashes his arm into the face of O'Shea when jumping to win the ball in the air, with the referee giving a foul and a second yellow card for the striker.,3

The Blades need to be careful, with a third player going into the book before the break. This time, Thomas stops a counter by pulling back Bruun Larsen and is shown a yellow card.,2

O'Shea is now booked for a foul on McBurnie. The Blades forward clears the ball away, with O'Shea coming in late with his right leg.,2

Another United player goes into the book. McBurnie throws an elbow into the face of O'Shea and goes into the book.,2

Fleck is the first player to go into the book. He shows his frustration with a late tackle on Brownhill just outside Burnley's box.,2

GOALLL! BRUUN LARSEN SCORES! 2-0 BURNLEY! The hosts are in control of this match. O'Shea has the ball inside Burnley's half and he chips the ball over the top of the Blades' defence. Bruun Larsen comes inside from the wing and controls it brilliantly. He then races into the box and rolls his effort into the bottom corner.,1

Baldock was on the ground for a couple of minutes and cannot continue. Bogle started the last match and will now take his place.,0

GOALLLLLL! WHAT A START FOR BURNLEY! 1-0! What a header from Rodriguez. Amdouni shows some nice touches to flick the ball past a couple of United players before rolling a pass down the left to Taylor. The left-back finds Rodriguez, who dives across the box to get on the end of the cross to head in.,1

ASPAS EQUALISES! Celta have done it! The Barcelona players have their heads in their hands, and they can't believe it. It's a brilliantly taken goal from Aspas as he hits Galan's cross first time, whipping it around Ronald Araujo and into the far corner of the net. 3-3! ,1

Ezzalzouli goes down a little too easily in the box for the referee's liking, and he's booked for diving. ,2

Busquets gave away a free-kick after catching Aspas late, but then gets booked for dissent for his frustrated reaction.,2

NOLITO SCORES! The hosts have another one back! They've been pushing since having a second goal disallowed and it's a great cross from Cervi on the left. Nolito gets in front of Lenglet and throws himself forward to get his head on it. Ter Stegen sticks out a hand, but it's just out of his reach. 3-2!,1

It looks like Gonzalez picked up a knock during that last run as he gestures to the bench that he needs to go off. Puig is on in his place. ,0

Tapia slides in late on Balde to give away a free-kick and earn a yellow card which will see him miss the next match.,2

ASPAS SCORES! Celta finally get the reward for their pressure as they pull a goal back! Galan squares it in from the left and Ter Stegen spills it at the near post. Araujo tries to clear it, but only gets it as far as Aspas who fires his shot straight down the middle. 3-1! ,1

Fati went straight off with his own hamstring injury at the end of the first half, so Balde is on in his place.,0

And Vazquez comes on for Mallo, who went down with what looked like a hamstring injury on the stroke of half-time.,0

Solari tries to catch out Fati with a high press, but catches him with a late tackle instead to have his name taken by the referee.,2

DEPAY SCORES! Celta are just cut open as Barcelona move it upfield with a good passage of play. It's worked out to Alba on the left and his cross is curled onto Depay's head. He glances it on, past Dituro and into the far bottom corner. 3-0 Barca! ,1

Garcia clips the back of Aspas after stretching to try and intercept the pass. He's late and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

BUSQUETS SCORES! It's a good cross by Gonzalez and Busquets is allowed to run onto it at the edge of the box with no challenge. Murillo is slow to get out to him so he has time to take a touch and curl a low shot into the bottom-right corner. 2-0 Barca! ,1

FATI SCORES! It's a perfectly timed run from him down the left, and it looks like Mallo has him covered, but the winger cuts inside from the byline. He curls his shot around the defender and into the far bottom corner for his second goal in as many games. 1-0 Barca! ,1

MARTINEZ SCORES! It's poor defending from Atletico as Martinez has a free header in the middle of the box from Gomez's corner. It's a thumping effort and Oblak can't react quick enough to stop it from flying over his head and into the back of the net. 2-1 Athletic!,1

Torreira is booked after he jumps for the ball at the same time as Morcillo and puts his arm into the back of his head.,2

SAVIC EQUALISES! Another corner for Atletico, but this time, Carrasco manages to pick out a team-mate in the box. Savic rises high above everyone else in the penalty area to get his head to the ball and he sends it into the far side of the net. 1-1!,1

Athletic are making a double change now and Marcelino is bringing on their top scorer, Williams for Villalibre.,0

Koke knocks the ball away just as Garcia stretches to nick it off him. He catches him on the top of his foot and has his name taken by the referee.,2

It's a clumsy challenge from Vencedor as he gets nowhere near the ball and takes Joao Felix out. The yellow card is out and that means he'll miss the next match.,2

Simeone is making a triple change now as he looks to try and get his side back into the game. Saul is brought off first, with Suarez on in his place.,0

There's a change at the back with Capa not coming out again after his knee injury, so Lekue is on in his place.,0

Felipe carries the ball a long way and Sancet ends up dragging him down to stop his run which earns him a booking.,2

Sancet was breaking on the counter after Atletico's corner and Llorente pulls him back, earning the first booking of the game.,2

BERENGUER SCORES! Berenguer is involved in the move from the start as he plays it out to Capa on the right before continuing his run into the box. The right-back's cross takes a deflection and Berenguer throws himself forward to head it across goal and into the corner. 1-0 Athletic! ,1

Weah goes down holding his toe and will be unable to see out the final six minutes. Miretti comes on in his stead.,0

Pioli will rely on experience for the final period of the game, with Kjaer replacing Calabria at the back.,0

Now it's Locatelli who is booked, shown a yellow card for following through on a sliding challenge on Florenzi and leading with his studs.,2

Gatti is deemed to be too physical with Leao one too many times, as the referee finally shows the centre-back a yellow card.,2

A FAMILIAR FACE GIVES JUVENTUS THE LEAD! 1-0! Locatelli receives a pass from Weah a full 30 yards from goal and hits a venomous shot that takes an important touch off Krunic, wrong-footing Mirante in the process!,1

Reijnders loses possession and mistimes his tackle on Locatelli, prompting the referee to show the Milan midfielder a yellow card.,2

Weah lunges into a tackle on Adli, catching the Milan midfielder on the ankle near the right touchline. It's a yellow card for the Juventus wing-back, while the Rossoneri are given another set-piece.,2

Pulisic is the man chosen to make way, with Milan in need of another defender. Kalulu comes onto the pitch and will slot in alongside Tomori at centre-back.,0

MILAN DOWN TO 10! Weah strides forward and hooks a pass into the channel for Kean, who rolls Thiaw and looks to get away. The centre-back, rather cynically, drags the striker to the ground with one hand on his jersey and is given his marching orders as a result!,3

Eintracht's final change is a double one. Chaibi couldn't get his goal today and is replaced by Ngankam.,0

Eintracht are making a double change this time. Marmoush has been involved in three of their goals today, but now goes off for Hasebe.,0

Ebimbe won't get a chance to go for a hat-trick here, but he does go off to a standing ovation from the home crowd. Nkounkou comes on in his place.,0

Gnabry made his way straight off the pitch after his treatment, and now there's a stoppage in play, Musiala can come on to make things even once more.,0

Pacho steps in front of Sane to shield the ball, but the winger wraps an arm around his neck from behind to drag him out of the way. He goes into the referee's book.,2

It's going to be another double change for Bayern here. Surprisingly, the first to go off is Coman, who has provided the visitors' biggest threat today. He's replaced by Gnabry.,0

KNAUFF SCORES! Gotze slides it into Marmoush, and it looks like the ball gets away from him as his touch loops up to Knauff on the right of the box. He's completely unmarked and slots his low shot under Neuer. The offside flag goes up, but after a VAR check, the goal stands. 5-1 Eintracht!,1

EBIMBE SCORES AGAIN! Despite a bright start to the second half, Bayern still haven't cut out the errors! Upamecano's heavy touch gets him into trouble, but he then fires his pass against Pacho. The rebound off the defender rolls kindly into Chaibi's path, and he surges down the left before teeing up Ebimbe to lift it over Neuer with a first-time shot. Eintracht's three-goal cushion is restored! 4-1!,1

Tuchel is making a double change at the break, and it's both full-backs that are going off. Mazraoui is replaced by Laimer.,0

KIMMICH PULLS ONE BACK! Coman dummies a shot on the edge of the box, but instead squares it to Nazraoui, who instantly tries to tee up Sane. He has no space, so pulls it back to Kimmich to the left of the D instead. He steps onto it, curling his first-time shot over the crowd in the box and past a static Trapp into the back of the net. 3-1!,1

LARSSON SCORES! It's another mistake from Bayern, as Kimmich's poor pass is cut out by Larsson, and he sets Eintracht on the counter. He touches it into Marmoush, who carries it through the middle before returning the ball to the Swede, and he confidently slots his low shot into the goal. 3-0 Eintracht!,1

EBIMBE SCORES! Bayern will be so disappointed by that one! It starts with a hopeful long ball forward by Koch, and it's only through Knauff's persistence that it turns into anything. He outmuscles Kim to keep it alive before squaring it into Ebimbe on the edge of the box. He takes it down the left before firing his shot at the near post, and it goes through Neuer before trickling over the line. 2-0 Eintracht!,1

Kim is late getting across to Knauff and just catches the winger on the side of his leg with his studs. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2

MARMOUSH SCORES! It starts with Buta down the right once more, and he curls in another cross which takes a slight deflection off Davies on the way through. Mazraoui trips over the ball trying to clear it, giving Chaibi the chance for a shot. He smacks the cross and the rebound is chested down by Marmoush, who then slots it past Neuer into the bottom corner. 1-0 Eintracht!,1

Kulusevski has been a constant threat all game, but is replaced for the last few moments by Steven Bergwijn.,0

Brighton make the first change of the game, bringing off Bissouma for attacking reinforcements in the shape of Danny Welbeck.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Spurs double their lead!!! The visitors break at pace and Kane gets free of Brighton's defence to race onto Bentancur's throughball. Sanchez comes out, but not far enough to stop the England captain, who strokes the ball left-footed beyond him and into the back of the net! 2-0 to Spurs, and very little chance of a Brighton comeback now!,1

Romero takes a poor touch and lunges at the ball, catching Mac Allister late and warranting a yellow card from the referee.,2

Kane looks to play a quick one-two with Son on the edge of Brighton's box, but he's scythed down by Veltman's wild challenge before he can collect the return ball. Veltman is booked, and has to now defend a free-kick in dangerous territory for his side.,2

Mac Allister looks to advance over halfway into space, before being tugged back and to the floor by Reguilon. A clear booking, and the referee obliges by showing the yellow card to the Spurs left-back.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Spurs take the lead! Reguilon's inside ball finds Son, who attempts to take on Veltman before teeing up Kulusevski. He shoots first time, and a wicked deflection off Romero takes it beyond the reach of a wrong-footed Sanchez! A stroke of luck in that, but Romero won't care as he's put the away side 1-0 up!,1

With his head strapped more heavily than Terry Butcher's circa 1989, Dier does get to his feet, and thankfully looks okay to carry on playing. Maupay is booked for his part in causing the injury, the first yellow card of the match.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JORGINHO LEVELS!!!! 1-1!!! The Italy international holds his composure to notch Chelsea's equaliser. Jorginho takes his classic stutter-step and places his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CABELLA PUTS KRASNODAR AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead at Stamford Bridge. Krasnodar open Chelsea up down the left as Ramirez goes on the overlap. He cuts a cross towards Claesson and offloads to Cabella in space. The Frenchman takes a touch before burying his effort low and hard into the bottom-left corner.,1

Guimaraes is shunted to the floor by Lallana as he tries to open a gap in midfield, and the flurry of late yellow cards continues with the Brighton midfielder shown the latest one.,2

Dahoud wins a free-kick but certainly isn't happy with Lascelles, to the point that the referee shows him a yellow card for whatever was said by the German.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! Likely just a consolation, but a very, very good one at that!!! Wilson latches onto a long pass forward from Longstaff, before flicking the ball around Van Hecke and stabbing it past Verbruggen into the back of the net!! A superb goal from the substitute to make it 3-1, and with five minutes of injury time to go, have the Magpies finally awoken to mount a late comeback here?,1

Gross trudges off having run the show yet again for the Seagulls, and having been replaced for the final throws by Simon Adingra, the 32-year-old playmaker can now look forward to his maiden international call-up for Germany. He's earned it.,0

Gordon is taken down by Milner as he looks to cut inside from the right flank, and the veteran midfielder is the latest player to be shown a yellow card.,2

Lamptey leaves Burn for dead as he surges into the final third for Brighton. His cross comes to nothing and Guimaraes recovers it for the visitors, but he's soon caught late by the Seagulls substitute and Lamptey goes into the book.,2

Hat-trick hero Ferguson is withdrawn to thunderous applause by the Amex faithful, and James Milner, who signed for Newcastle a few months before Ferguson was even born in 2004, will replace him.,0

March has been his lively, dangerous, consistent self throughout this game, and comes off following another superb performance for Adam Lallana to see out proceedings.,0

Brighton finally make their first changes of a game they've ended up coasting in, as the influential Gilmour comes off for Mahmoud Dahoud.,0

Pedro has also stood out amid a top-class Brighton team performance, and Tariq Lamptey replaces the forward late on with the game almost won.,0

Burn knows full well March has him beaten all ends up for pace, and takes down the winger off the ball to prevent a breakaway before shortly being shown a yellow card. He knew that one was coming.,2

Targett has been run ragged at times by Brighton's constant wide attacking, and Jamaal Lascelles' introduction in his place is clearly an attempt to shore up the Newcastle defence.,0

Isak's been Newcastle's only real outlet in attack, but comes off now for Harvey Barnes to see out the latter stages of what's turning out to be a nightmare for the Magpies.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The teenager gets three!!! Mitoma glides his way to the edge of the box before finding Ferguson, and the 18-year-old's early left-footed shot takes a massive deflection off Schar, wrong-footing Pope who can only watch as the ball nestles in the bottom corner! The goal is Ferguson's though as the initial shot was on target, and he completes his hat-trick to put Brighton 3-0 up!,1

Isak concedes a free-kick for a foul on Veltman, which Brighton want to take quickly but are prevented from doing so by Targett. That's time-wasting straight out of the textbook, and as such the Newcastle defender is shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!!!! What a finish from Ferguson!!! Gilmour squeezes a pass forward to the Irishman, who turns and lets fly from 25 yards, finding the bottom-right corner with a composed, curling strike! Pope wasn't far away but couldn't get down quick enough, and this electrifying teenager nets his second of the game to put Brighton 2-0 up and in complete command!,1

The last change is more like-for-like, as Sean Longstaff comes on for Tonali in Newcastle's midfield.,0

Almiron also comes off, and Elliot Anderson will replace the Paraguayan as Newcastle make alterations to their attack.,0

Eddie Howe makes a triple change, looking to put a stop to the seemingly endless stream of Brighton attacks, with the first seeing Callum Wilson replace Joelinton for the Magpies.,0

Pedro gets the slightest of touches to Dunk's forward pass before being clattered off the ball by Schar. It's late, ugly, and worthy of a yellow card, as the Newcastle centre-back goes into the book.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Brighton lead at the Amex!! It's a horror show for Pope, whose rushed, intercepted clearance leaves Newcastle stretched at the back. He saves Mitoma's close-range effort after the winger is played in, but makes an absolute meal of Gilmour's long-range follow-up, spilling the ball right into Ferguson's path for the striker to tap home! 1-0 to the hosts in slightly fortunate circumstances, but after braving an early storm from Newcastle there's no doubting Brighton have been the better side so far!,1

Gordon flies in late and loses a 50-50 challenge with Van Hecke, and the showing of the studs warrants the game's first yellow card for the Newcastle winger.,2

The referee reaches for his pocket again: Raillo's foul on Rudiger leads to a booking for the Mallorca captain.,2

After attempting to lash out at Vinicius Junior but missing, Maffeo becomes the latest player to have his name taken by the overworked referee.,2

Attempting to stop a counter-attack by bringing down Costa, Modric is booked shortly after his arrival from the bench.,2

Following his booking, Valverde departs the scene straight away; Modric comes on to aid Madrid's hopes of an equaliser.,0

A heavy tackle on Lee earns Valverde a merited yellow card, and that may be his last action of the game, as Ancelotti is set to withdraw him.,2

A blatant hack on Rodrygo out on the touchline sees Costa booked, despite his pointless protestations.,2

Just after the half-time whistle, Ceballos has a little too much to say for himself in conversation with the referee and sees yellow before heading down the tunnel.,2

Much to the home fans' delight, Vinicius Junior receives the game's first booking for stepping on Maffeo when the pair collide in the penalty area.,2

GOALLLL! MALEN SCORES! 4-2 BAYERN! Dortmund get another goal back. Malen gets the ball on the left this time and plays a quick one-two with Guerreiro. His effort is tame, but it rolls right into the bottom corner with Moukoko deciding not to poke it in.,1

Coman has a goal to his name and is now being given a rest. Musiala has the final 11 minutes in a rotated Bayern attack.,0

Bayern make two changes. Tuchel decides to take off Davies who has been a constant threat on the left. Cancelo makes an appearance of the bench.,0

GOALLLL! CAN SCORES! 4-1 BAYERN! Muted celebrations from the Dortmund man and the fans, but the away side have a goal back. The midfielder finds the top corner, beating Sommer who goes the right way.,1

Choupo-Moting has been an excellent target man for Bayern and was denied a spectacular goal by the offside flag in the second half. He is now coming off with Mane entering the pitch.,0

Dortmund make their final two changes of the game. Haller has struggled to make an impact in Dortmund's attack and is replaced by Moukoko.,0

GOALLLLL! COMAN SCORES! 4-0! That is the best goal of the game by some distance. Roman picks the ball up on the left and switches the play with a phenomenal pass out to Sane. The winger drives inside with it, playing it back across to Coman who makes up the ground to get in the box and poke his effort past Kobel.,1

Edin Terzic also decides to take off Brandt. Malen is given the responsibility to make an impact on the right in the second half.,0

Former Bayern defender Hummels is coming on just before the break. He replaces Schlotterbeck who is forced off through injury.,0

GOALLLL! MULLER HAS ANOTHER! 3-0 BAYERN! Is it game over already? Sane cuts in from the right and unleashes a curling effort towards the goal. Kobel pushes the initial effort away, but Muller reacts the quickest to shoot in the rebound from close range.,1

GOALLLLL! MULLER SCORES! 2-0 BAYERN! What a start from the home side. A corner from the right is met by De Ligt who powers his header into the floor. Muller beats the offside trap, getting on the end of it and turning the ball into the net from close range.,1

Can is furious with the referee. He jumps into a tackle with Kimmich and is given the first yellow card of the game.,2

RED CARD!!! Verratti wins the ball and plays it down the line for Messi, but he's clumsily scythed down by Pavard right on the edge of the box! It's not quite a penalty, but is certainly a yellow card, and Pavard's second of the game means he's off!,3

Bayern bring on another defender, Josip Stanisic, to replace Sane as they attempt to consolidate this slender lead, which since Mbappe's introduction, has looked severely under threat.,0

Musiala is off next for Bayern, as a more defensively-minded midfielder in Ryan Gravenberch enters the fray.,0

Neymar shoves Kimmich to ground, where the Bayern midfielder collides with Verratti, and the PSG forward is shown a yellow card.,2

Ex-PSG forward Choupo-Moting comes off next for Bayern, with Thomas Muller taking his place in attack.,0

The player whose goal currently makes the difference is also withdrawn, with Serge Gnabry replacing Coman for Bayern.,0

Coman looks to set off on the break for Bayern but is felled by a sliding Kimpembe. The PSG substitute was nowhere near the ball, and is shown a yellow card as a result.,2

Zaire-Emery has looked impressive down the right so far, but the 16-year-old's first Champions League start comes to an end with the introduction of Fabian Ruiz.,0

Mbappe's return from injury comes earlier than expected, as he replaces Soler in this shell-shocked PSG side.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Bayern get the breakthrough, and it's that man again!!! Choupo-Moting tees Davies up to cross from the left, and the Canadian's cross flies over everyone's heads and falls to Coman, who side-foots the ball underneath Donnarumma on the volley to give the visitors a deserved 1-0 lead! He looked very lively on the left in the first half and his switch to the opposite side has yielded a goal in the second! Donnarumma could have done better, it should be said.,1

Bayern make one half-time change, with Manchester City loanee Cancelo replaced by Alphonso Davies. He'll occupy the left flank, switching Coman to the right.,0

Neymar comes central to take a pass, stepping away from Pavard in the process, but he's caught late by the Bayern defender, who goes into the book.,2

Brighton change the identity of their outlet, with Maupay off for Connolly, who will aim to keep Liverpool on their toes at the back.,0

A tame shot wide is Firmino's last involvement as Liverpool trade their number nine for Jones, a midfielder, in a bid to find an equaliser.,0

There is a delay in play for an extended period of medical attention for March, who cannot then walk off unaided. Lallana comes on for his Anfield return.,0

Shaqiri has struggled to have an impact either through the centre or from the right and now makes way for Origi.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! ALZATE! Brighton lead at Anfield! 1-0! Burn stretches to reach a deep cross at the far post, nodding back across the face of goal. Phillips stretches to clear and can only knock the ball against Alzate, with the ball pinballing into the net as two Brighton players close in. Big goal!,1

The first card is shown to Wijnaldum as his loose touch allows Maupay to nip in, prompting the Liverpool midfielder to step on his opponent's foot.,2

Kilman is booked as he hacks down Tielemans on the right wing. That's definitely a case of inexperience from the Wolves centre-back. ,2

Leicester boss Rodgers reacts with a change of his own. The experienced Morgan joins the action as Praet departs. ,0

Barnes joins the action for the home side at the expense of Maddison. His pace could be key to the Leicester counter-attack in the final 20 minutes of play here at the King Power Stadium.,0

Evans is booked after pulling back Neto right on the edge of the Leicester penalty area. Big chance for Wolves!,2

Thomas is replaced at wing-back by Albrighton at the break. His experience could be vital in this second half. Justin goes over to play on the left. ,0

GOOOOAAALLLL!! 1-0 TO LEICESTER. VARDY!!! This man just can't stop scoring at the moment. Leicester's main man steps up and tucks the penalty away into the right corner of Patricio's net. ,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! MONACO 1-4 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! MBAPPE KILLS OFF THE MATCH! PSG had not made the most of their counter-attacking opportunities in the second half up until this point, with Mbappe slotting the ball away from Lecomte after being played in by Neymar.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!!! MONACO 1-3 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN!!! BAKAYOKO PULLS ONE BACK! A free-kick is sent into the six-yard box and Bakayoko gets the final touch, with Navas left stranded after coming off his line and failing to get anything to the ball.,1

Di Maria, who has had another decent game today, is replaced by Draxler for the final 10 minutes or so.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! MONACO 0-3 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN!!! The substitutes combine as Verratti lifts the ball over the top of the Monaco defence and Sarabia volleys home. The offside flag was quick to go up but the goalscorer was clearly offside and VAR allows the goal to stand.,1

Verratti takes over from Gueye in central midfield as Tuchel turns to his bench for the first time today.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! MONACO 0-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN!! NEYMAR CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT! No mistake from Neymar, who confidently tucks home after a staggered run-up.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! MONACO 0-1 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! MBAPPE NETS AGAINST HIS FORMER SIDE! As clinical as you like from Mbappe. The France international is played in behind by Di Maria and keeps his composure when through one-on-one by slotting home.,1

A yellow card is shown to Moreno in the 99th minute for his overzealous celebration that caused a bit of a fracas.,2

MORENO SEALS THE DEAL! 2-0! With nobody in midfield, Pedraza is allowed to charge from end to end before laying it off to Moreno. The striker takes a touch to set himself before dispatching a shot across goal and into the bottom-right corner, beyond Oblak!,1

RED CARD! Molina has landed himself in big trouble with the referee after continuously pushing Baena from behind during an attempt to get the ball back for a free-kick. The final shove is aimed at the substitute's neck and sends him down to the ground, leaving the referee no other option.,3

VILLARREAL TAKE ADVANTAGE OF A MIX-UP AT THE BACK! 1-0! Parejo’s corner is initially cleared away but it’s hooked back towards the penalty area, where Molina fails to bring it down under his spell. Pino latches onto the loose ball and fires a shot into the far bottom-left corner to snatch the lead!,1

The first yellow card of the match is shown to Felix for a late two-footed sliding challenge on Albiol.,2

Danilo comes off having been superb in midfield for Forest. Toffolo will replace the Brazilian in injury time.,0

Yates is off in the latest change made by Cooper, and Kouyate will bolster the Forest midfield for the last few minutes at Stamford Bridge.,0

Mendy plucks a Gibbs-White free-kick out of the air and quickly rolls the ball out to Havertz on the counter. He is halted and shunted to the floor by Lodi though, with the Forest defender shown a yellow card for the foul on halfway.,2

As things stand, Awoniyi's two well-timed headers look to have earned Forest a precious, precious point here. The striker comes off for Johnson to see out the game.,0

Gibbs-White drops deep to find Mangala on halfway but Gallagher is all over the Forest midfielder and pulls him down, conceding a free-kick and being shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2

Madueke also comes off having provided plenty of spark from the right, and Ziyech will replace the Englishman out wide for the latter stages.,0

Chelsea make their first tactical changes of the half, as the booked, toiling Joao Felix is replaced in the central attacking role by Havertz.,0

Joao Felix cannot get away from Niakhate and loses the ball down the right, with Felipe on hand to clear for Forest. Awoniyi is first to the ball and flicks it past Silva, but is blocked off by the Brazilian and hits the deck. The Chelsea captain is shown a yellow card for the foul, and Forest gain the free-kick.,2

Chelsea build a promising attack on the edge of Forest's box, but it's halted as Joao Felix goes down under pressure from Niakhate 20 yards from goal. However, the referee blows for a free-kick the other way, judging that the Chelsea forward dived and showing him a yellow card for simulation.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! We are level, again! Niakhate's long throw is nodded clear by Chelsea, but Mangala knocks a deft volley back into the area. Awoniyi stretches for it at the far post, and his downward header sends the ball past Mendy and into the bottom corner. 2-2 at Stamford Bridge, and after a first half severely lacking in final-third action, it has been raining goals so far in the second!,1

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Chelsea have turned it around!! Loftus-Cheek wins possession on halfway with a brilliant tackle, before surging through the middle and feeding Sterling. He cuts inside Felipe's challenge and shoots across goal, beating the dive of Navas as the ball nestles in the top corner. 2-1 to Chelsea, and they have certainly found their mojo in this second half!,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! There's the equaliser! Chelsea come forward at speed and Madueke slips Chalobah into space down the right. His cut-back from the byline takes a nick off Yates, but falls into the path of Sterling to stroke the ball into the bottom corner! 1-1 on the scoreboard, and that's exactly the start Chelsea needed to this second half.,1

Kovacic's injury forces him off for the rest of the game, and Loftus-Cheek replaces the Croatian prior to half-time.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Forest fire themselves in front! Mangala slides in to dispossess Kovacic and the ball is quickly pushed left to Lodi. He floats a cross into the Chelsea box, where Awoniyi beats the onrushing Mendy to the ball and heads into the empty net! Chelsea get it all wrong at the back, and Forest take an early 1-0 lead which could prove pivotal in their fight to stay in the Premier League!,1

Another energetic showing from Aaronson comes to an early end, as James comes on to run at the tiring Everton defence.,0

Marsch replaces his first-half substitute, as Gelhardt - who just missed a gilt-edged opportunity - makes way for Bamford up front.,0

A mistimed challenge on Harrison earns Patterson a yellow card. Another booking - will this game end with 11 men aside?,2

For his part in the head-to-head confrontation with Kristensen, first-half goalscorer Gordon is booked.,2

A growing tinge of anger suddenly blows up into a head-to-head confrontation between Kristensen and his unlikely opponent, Gordon. The Leeds man joins the Everton forward in the referee's notebook.,2

For a foul on McNeil, Llorente - who was at fault for the Everton goal - is now booked. Not a great game so far for the Leeds defender.,2

LEEDS LEVEL! After receiving the ball from Aaronson on the right side of the area, Sinisterra shows the quality required to break the hosts' drought. The Colombian winger takes a couple of touches and places a low, firm shot into the bottom-right corner; leaving Pickford stranded. It's 1-1 at Elland Road!,1

In a strange incident with Meslier, a cheeky flick of the boot by Davies towards the ball - which was still in the goalkeeper's gloves as he prepared to clear it - earns a booking.,2

EVERTON LEAD! Fluid movement from Everton's front three breaks Leeds open on the counter! After a give-and-go with McNeil, Gordon surges into the box; Iwobi then picks him out with an accurate pass. The young forward then steps away from the faltering Llorente and sweeps the ball into the back of the net! 1-0 to the Toffees!,1

The hosts get in behind PSG down that right flank and Bernat commits a late foul. It's a free-kick in a dangerous area for Orleans, and a yellow for the full-back.,2

Tell, an exciting youngster who has had a keen eye for goal this term, replaces Le Tallec for the final 10 minutes.,0

DIABY BREAKS ORLEANS HEARTS! 2-1! He's been on for all of a couple minutes and he's already broken the deadlock! It's an absolutely exquisite individual effort from Diaby who takes a pass from 25 yards out, bursts forward and gets through on goal courtesy of a lovely nutmeg, before applying a wonderful finish!,1

PSG's final change sees Diaby come on at the expense of Nkunku, who has lacked sharpness in the final third in this match.,0

Orleans go to the bench for the first time tonight as D'Arpino comes on to replace Ephestion in midfield.,0

AND THERE IT IS! 1-1! Out of absolutely nothing, Orleans are level! Lopy takes a simple pass in midfield and cuts inside onto his right, before driving a gorgeous strike beyond the reach of Buffon and in at the far post!,1

PSG smell blood as they look to put this one out of reach. Mbappe is brought on to replace the injured Di Maria.,0

PSG make a change at the break as Buffon comes on to replace Areola. There were no signs of an injury, so for now it's safe to assume this is nothing more than a coach's decision.,0

PSG HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Cavani beats the offside trap as he gets on the end of a wonderfully dinked throughball from Di Maria, and he takes the chance first time, chipping Renault to break the deadlock!,1

Le Tallec hunts down Thiago Silva in an attempt to win the ball back high up the pitch, but clips the heels of the defender from behind and is instead shown a yellow card.,2

Arteta makes a change at left-back to protect Kolasinac, who has already been booked. Saka is the player tasked with seeing out the rest of the match.,0

SOKRATIS DOUBLES ARSENAL’S ADVANTAGE! Pepe’s corner is flicked on at the near post by Lacazette, forcing De Gea to quickly palm it away. Unfortunately for the goalkeeper, he turns it right into the path of Sokratis, who blasts his chance high into the roof of the net! 2-0!,1

ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD INSIDE 10 MINUTES! Kolasinac brings the ball all the way into Manchester United’s half without trouble, before squaring a pass to the edge of the six-yard box. Lindelof unknowingly gets a touch to it, which diverts it into the path of Pepe! A simple finish with the inside of his foot beats De Gea and makes it 1-0! ,1

James races past Kolasinac in an attempt to chase the loose ball, but the left-back leans in and sends the forward toppling over. The visitors have an early free-kick in a great position to attack, while the Arsenal player is shown a yellow card. ,2

Loizou knocks it past Shaw, and he has space to run into, but the left-back takes one for the team by blocking off his run and picking up a yellow card.,2

Martinez wasn't hurt by the challenge, but he jumped straight back to his feet to confront Kakoullis about it. He's booked for his reaction.,2

It's a poor challenge from Kakoullis as he flies in on Martinez, catching him with his studs and a high boot. He goes into the referee's book.,2

PANAGIOTOU SCORES! Just 90 seconds after United added to their advantage, Omonia pull one back! It's more poor defending by United as Dalot is caught out and Kakoullis curls a cross into the box. There are a lot of red shirts in there, but he picks out Panagioutou who rifles it past De Gea. 3-2!,1

RASHFORD SCORES AGAIN! United win it back on the halfway line and Rashford drives forward before laying it off to Ronaldo on the edge of the box. He's having a go himself, but it's heading wide until Rashford follows in to tap it in just in front of the line. 3-1 United!,1

Fourth change for United now, and it's Antony that's taken off for Fred, which will see Eriksen move into a more advanced role.,0

There's another double change for Omonia here. Bruno is the first to make way, with Loizou on for him.,0

MARTIAL SCORES! He's only been on the pitch a matter of moments, but he's put United 2-1 up! It's another wonderful throughball from Martinez to get United upfield and Rashford flicks it onto Martial. He takes it around Miletic before drilling his shot into the near bottom corner.,1

It's a late one from Charalampous, who steps on Casemiro's foot, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Omonia are making their first changes here, and the goalscorer, Ansarifard is the first to go off, with Kakoullis replacing him.,0

RASHFORD EQUALISES! It looked like the chance had got away from him after a heavy touch to control Fernandes' pass. Miletic fails to clear his lines though, and he nudges the defender out of the way before curling a lovely finish out of Fabiano's reach into the far side of the net. 1-1!,1

United are making a double change at the break as they look to get back into this game. Sancho is the first to go off, with Rashford on for him.,0

ANSARIFARD SCORES! Completely against the run of play, Omonia take the lead! Omonia break from United's free-kick, with three against one. Eriksen gets across to block Bruno's run into the box, but he managed to touch it through to Ansarifard, who fires over De Gea into the top corner. 1-0 Omonia!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MARTIAL HAS A HAT-TRICK!!!! 3-0!!!! The Frenchman notches his hat-trick with a cool finish over Moore - the first treble of his career. Martial plays a one-two with Rashford, collecting a sublime offload from the England man. After continuing his run into the box, he flicks his effort over the onrushing Moore and into the back of the net. Martial will be leaving Old Trafford tonight with the match ball.,1

McBurnie replaces Mousset at the break, which is injury related given the Frenchman's issue in the first half.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MARTIAL NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!! 2-0!!!! The Frenchman strikes for the second time of the game, slotting his effort past Moore. United work the ball on the edge of the visitors' box before it is played out wide to Wan-Bissaka. He sends a low cross into the middle that Martial attacks and dispatches his shot into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MARTIAL PUTS UNITED AHEAD!! 1-0!!! The Frenchman finishes from close range converting Rashford's cross to hand his team the advantage early on. Rashford finds space in the right inside channel and he hammers a low ball towards the near post. Martial reacts to guide his effort past Moore from point-blank range.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! LINGARD SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 2-1!!!! United take the lead in the dying stages of the game as the former West Ham loanee finds the top-right corner with a super effort. Matic works the ball into space in the left-inside channel for Lingard. He takes a touch inside and curls his right-footed effort away from Fabianski into the back of the net. Will it be enough for the visitors to take all three points?,1

Lingard receives a warm welcome from the West Ham fans after his impressive spell on loan last season. He replaces Pogba for the visitors.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RONALDO EQUALISES!!!!! 1-1!!!! United are level in the contest as the Portuguese scores on the rebound. Fernandes bends a dangerous cross to the back post that Ronaldo steers towards goal. Fabianski does well to keep out the effort, but the loose ball falls perfectly for the Portuguese to tap home from six yards. Ronaldo now has four goals in three games for the Red Devils since his return.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! BENRAHMA'S DEFLECTED EFFORT FINDS THE NET!!!!! 1-0 WEST HAM!!!!!! The midfielder is afforded space and time on the edge of the box to line up a strike, which deflects off Varane and finds the net. Bowen makes a good turn on the edge of the box and rolls an offload towards Benrahma in space. He takes a touch before firing at goal, with the knee of Varane taking it away from De Gea into the net.,1

Late substitutions now by Rennes, with Guirassy one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Del Castillo.,0

There was a coming together between Del Castillo and Kimpembe on the sidelines following the challenge and the Rennes substitute is booked.,2

RED CARD! Kimpembe is shown a straight red for an awful challenge on Doku down the left wing. The centre-back sprints across and throws himself into the tackle, catching Doku high and late, getting nowhere near the ball and the PSG players can’t have any complaints with that. They will play the final few minutes with 10-men.,3

Diouf has only been on the pitch a matter of seconds and he has already been booked, after a late challenge on Danilo in midfield.,2

Rennes have made a substitution now, with Maouassa the man coming off and he has been replaced by Dalbert.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Rennes have the equaliser, it’s 1-1! Guirassy with a superb header to get the hosts back into the game. Bourigeaud whips a brilliant corner into the penalty area and the striker rises above his marker and powers a header towards goal, which strikes the left post, before cannoning back across goal and over the line. Thumping header!,1

PSG are making a double change now, with Di Maria the first to come off and he has been replaced by Rafinha.,0

Rennes with their first substitution of the game now, with Ugochukwu the man coming off and he has been replaced by Grenier.,0

Herrera is booked after his late challenge on Ugochukwu, he is the first PSG player to be shown a yellow card today.,2

PSG have been forced into making an early change in the second half, with Kurzawa limping off with an injury and he has been replaced by Diallo.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Neymar converts from the penalty spot and sends PSG 1-0 up in stoppage time! There was a long delay between the foul by Aguerd on Kurzawa as the officials looked at the video replays, but it was eventually given and Neymar stepped up to send the ball into the bottom left corner of the net. Gomis dived the right way, but there was too much pace on the shot for him to get down and stop it.,1

Collecting his first yellow card six minutes ago, Guardado now gets his second after sliding into Kessie. Down to 10 players, Betis will look to take the game to penalties.,3

Pedri rushes through the middle of the pitch before Guardado slides him to the floor. The midfielder receives a yellow card.,2

GOAALLLLL! BETIS SCORE AN EQUALISER! 2-2! A wonderful goal from Betis. Under pressure from Alonso, Henrique smacks the ball across the box. With his back to the goal, Moron controls it before flicking it past the goalkeeper.,1

Substitution for Barcelona. Kessie comes on in the centre of the pitch, allowing Gavi to have a rest.,0

GOAALLLL! FATI SCORES! 2-1 BARCELONA! A goal from the substitute. A free-kick is cleared away to the left side of the box. In the air, Fati watches the ball before volleying it across the goal. Going low, he finds the bottom corner with a powerful strike.,1

Substitution for Betis. Fekir, who scored the goal to equalise the game, is replaced by Moron for the final few minutes.,0

GOAALLLL! FEKIR SCORES! 1-1! A fantastic goal from Betis. Hovering on the ball in the middle of the box, Henrique rolls it past Torres before poking it towards Fekir. Rushing onto it, he slams it low past the goalkeeper.,1

Henrique receives a yellow card after complaining to the referee. He believes that Jose was fouled by Busquets on the edge of the box but no free-kick is given.,2

Substitution on the wing for Barcelona. Dembele is replaced by Torres who was sent off last time out.,0

GOAALLLL! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! The ball is played out to the right towards Dembele who moves into the middle of the pitch. The Frenchman could look to go beyond his marker but instead plays it to Lewandowski. Inside the box, his first shot is blocked before crashing in the rebound.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal double their lead, it's 2-0 and surely that is the victory wrapped up for the Gunners now! Lacazette has only just come onto the pitch and he beats Coady at the near post after the Wolves captain doesn't read a low cross into the six-yard box. The striker takes a touch and then drills the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net, lovely finish.,1

Coady is shown a yellow card after the centre-back clatters into the back of Lacazette on the halfway line, stopping Arsenal from going on the counter.,2

The other change is a straight swap up top, with Nketiah heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lacazette.,0

Maitland-Niles is the second Arsenal player to be booked, after his challenge on Moutinho in the Wolves half.,2

Here is the double substitution by the Gunners, with Saka coming off and he has been replaced by Willock.,0

Arsenal respond by making a change of their own, with Tierney heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Maitland-Niles.,0

Here is the Wolves substitution, with Dendoncker the man coming off and he has been replaced by Jota. So it looks like Wolves will now line up in a 3-4-3 formation, with Traore moving out to the wing.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal lead 1-0! Saka with the breakthrough just before the break at Molineux. Tierney tries to cross to Saka, but it's partially blocked and the Arsenal man has to adjust his feet quickly, but then volleys it into the right-hand corner of the net, well out of the grasp of Patricio. Great finish.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to David Luiz after his late and rash challenge on Traore, as the winger broke forward on the break and skipped past the defender.,2

Perraud has had a tough time at both wing-back and full-back today, and he may be relieved to be brought off early, with Walker-Peters now on in his place.,0

There will be no hat-trick for Jota today, as the two-goal striker is substituted and Minamino replaces him for the last 10 minutes.,0

With the hard work done, Henderson - who has impressed upon his return to the team today - comes off to be replaced by Milner in midfield.,0

After another attractive goal, Thiago's shift is over, allowing Oxlade-Chamberlain to enjoy a 30-minute cameo against his former club.,0

LIVERPOOL FOUR UP! From a right-sided corner, Van Dijk is incredibly unmarked on the brink of the box, and he fires in a low shot under McCarthy's body and into the back of the net. The home side are coasting towards a big win here: Liverpool 4-0 ahead!,1

As part of a switch to a 4-4-2, Adams is brought off by Southampton and Tella comes on for the second half.,0

THREE FOR LIVERPOOL! The Reds are cruising here, as Thiago nonchalantly rolls the ball under his foot and then cracks an effort at goal from the edge of the box, which is heavily deflected past the hopeless McCarthy in Southampton's goal. Liverpool 3-0 Southampton!,1

JOTA AT THE DOUBLE! Southampton are wide open once again, as Salah and Henderson combine brilliantly on the left to play in an unmarked Jota, who once again is in the right place at the right time to tap the ball home. Just after the half-hour mark, it's Liverpool 2-0 Southampton!,1

Another lunging challenge by a visiting player sees Bednarek go into the referee's notebook, as he apparently raked Mane's leg with his studs.,2

AN EARLY LEAD FOR LIVERPOOL! After initially creating the opening with a seemingly endless run through the centre and a subsequent blocked shot, the ball is recycled on the left for Liverpool, and Robertson clips in a precise cross for Diogo Jota to score from close range. Already, it's 1-0 to Liverpool!,1

A late booking comes the way of Davies now for a poor challenge. City are looking for a fourth, the icing on the cake.,2

More frustrations boil over now as Dier gets into a tangle following some neat work from Jesus. The subsequent free-kick is lofted into the box and drifted over the bar, but not before the Tottenham man is shown a yellow card.,2

The tensions of Erik Lamela and Paul Tierney are over for now; the former is off and Gareth Bale is on.,0

It has been a wonderful game for Gundogan and he takes his leave as City's first change now, replaced by Ferran Torres.,0

GOAL! ILKAY GUNDOGAN GETS A DOUBLE FOR MANCHESTER CITY! 3-0! It's that rarity; an assist for a goalkeeper! City play it back to Ederson, he looks up and absolutely leathers it downfield. Gundogan beats out two defenders, muscles them off the ball and slots a finish past Lloris at close-range into the bottom-right corner. The hosts are cruising.,1

Lamela has been skirting the edge of a yellow card all game and now he picks one up for a particularly clumsy challenge. Tottenham are getting frustrated.,2

GOAL! ILKAY GUNDOGAN DOUBLES MANCHESTER CITY'S LEAD! 2-0! It is the work of Raheem Sterling to set this one up, the England man carving a dizzying path through the Tottenham box. He can't find a shot and ultimately plays off a one-two with Foden, before slipping Gundogan through a short gap near the six-yard area, whereupon the midfielder rifles home a close finish past Lloris. Superb, dreamy stuff.,1

Spurs have made a change at the break, with Moussa Sissoko on for Lucas Moura. Let's see what that move can bring to the visitors in attack.,0

Silva picks up the first booking of the game for a particularly brusque challenge. That was a little bit wasteful to get a yellow card.,2

GOAL! RODRI CONVERTS FROM THE PENALTY SPOT FOR MANCHESTER CITY! 1-0! The hosts have been wasteful with such opportunities this year but they make sure this one sticks, despite the best efforts of Hugo Lloris. The keeper gets his right glove to it as Rodri clips it left - but he can only push it into his own net rather than around the post. First blood to Pep Guardiola in this age-old tussle.,1

GOAL! 2-0 INTER! A wonderful goal from Politano, and Inter surely have the three points now! The corner is headed clear, but it drops for Politano at the far corner of the box. He takes it on the volley left-footed and it arrows into the far corner. A sublime goal.,1

No! The referee reviews the incident using VAR, blows his whistle and books Dessena for handball! The Cagliari captain is furious. To be fair, it did look like he handled it unfairly on the replay.,2

Inter replace Gagliardini with Marcelo Brozović, who scored their late winner against Sampdoria last week. Can the Croatian repeat that today?,0

Pisacane is next to find himself in the referee's book. Both Cagliari centre-backs are on yellow cards now.,2

It's a lively start to the half with the ball going end-to-end despite neither side really being threatened. Now Bradaric is booked for scything down Miranda.,2

GOAL! Inter have taken the lead. Dalbert races forward to put it in a handy cross into the box. Martinez outjumps two Cagliari defenders to get his head on it. Cragno gets his hand to the header but can't keep it from dropping in at the far post. 1-0 Inter!,1

Vieira, who assisted Arsenal's first two goals, heads off as well with Marquinhos coming on in his place.,0

Arsenal make another double change. First off is right-back Tomiyasu with White coming on to replace him.,0

Oxford turn to their bench with a double change. First off is Taylor with the youngster O'Donkor on to replace him.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! 3-0!! Nketiah is at the double and this game is surely out of sight for Arsenal now. Arsenal break forward from their own half and Martinelli has time and space to slide through Nketiah. The finish is sublime and full of confidence from the Arsenal striker as he dinks it delightfully over the onrushing McGinty and into the Oxford net.,1

Saka is not risked any further and is taken off with Smith Rowe coming on for his first minutes since September.,0

GOOOOOAALLLL!!!! 2-0!!! Nketiah has doubled Arsenal's lead and there is some much-needed breathing space for the Premier League side. Arsenal win the ball back in the middle of the park and Vieira finds himself with all kinds of space. He slides through Nketiah with a perfectly-weighted ball and the striker makes no mistake, rounding the goalkeeper and slotting into the empty net.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! ARSENAL ARE AHEAD!!! The Premier League leaders finally have their goal from a free-kick. It is a great cross from Vieira and a powerful header from Elneny who finds space in the Oxford box.,1

Arsenal turn to the bench for the first time in this game with a double change. Zinchenko comes on for Tierney at left-back.,0

Arriving a split-second late into a midfield challenge with Kunde earns second-half substitute Tel a booking.,2

Sane is the latest big name to be rested by Bayern with the points now in the bag, as young Ibrahimovic is given an opportunity to impress.,0

Nagelsmann wastes no time in making two more changes. First, Musiala makes way for the more defensive option of Blind.,0

BAYERN GO TWO UP! Left in plenty of space on the right side of the six-yard box, Coman takes one touch to control Musiala's low pass across the area and plants the ball between the unfortunate Riemann's legs! Surely that's that: it's now 2-0 to the champions!,1

Bayern goalscorer Muller is withdrawn, as Davies comes on in his place. That will mean a reshuffle for the Bundesliga leaders.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DENDONCKER HAMMERS THE BALL HOME!!!! 3-1!!! Wolves put Everton to the sword on the counter. Jonny wins the ball on the left flank and feeds Jimenez. He works the ball inside to Jota, who makes a great turn before firing at goal. His effort is blocked into the path of Dendoncker and the Belgian displays a great technique to rifle a strike into the roof of the net from close range.,1

GOALLLLLLL!!!!!! WOLVES REGAIN THE LEAD!!! JIMENEZ 2-1!!!! The striker notches his 11th goal of the campaign as he nods home from close range. Moutinho wasted a free-kick earlier in the half, but this one is right on the money, allowing Jimenez to guide a header into the bottom corner.,1

Keane pulls down Jota on the charge and goes into the book. A needless foul as Zouma was covering for the home side.,2

Baines was struggling with an injury before the game. He gave away the penalty for the Wolves goal as he didn't look sharp. Silva finally takes the decision to replace him with Kenny.,0

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! GOMES EQUALISES WITH A STUNNER!!!! 1-1!!!! The Portuguese collects an offload from Tosun on the edge of the box and opens up space for a strike. Gomes connects sweetly with his strike and the ball soars into the top corner, giving his compatriot no chance. A good response from the Toffees.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! NEVES CONVERTS!! 1-0 WOLVES! The visitors take the lead as Neves holds his nerve from 12 yards. He takes a short run-up, but has no problem slotting his right-footed strike into the bottom corner.,1

Casemiro slides in wildly on Fati from behind, getting none of the ball and earning a clear yellow card!,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! An individual piece of brilliance seals the points for United!! Hojlund plays a quick one-two with Eriksen before setting off on a driving run into the box, turning away from Gilmour and Igor before firing a low shot beyond Steele and into the bottom corner!!! A sensational late cameo from the Dane puts the visitors 2-0 up, and could that be the goal which earns him a start in the FA Cup final??,1

Gilmour impedes Rashford from running clear to get on the end of Eriksen's through ball, resulting in a yellow card for Brighton's Scottish international.,2

Baleba's been a dynamic presence in the middle for Brighton throughout this game, but comes off now for Billy Gilmour to see the last 10 or so minutes out.,0

Adingra comes off next for the hosts, with Barcelona loanee Ansu Fati getting a late cameo before he heads back to the LaLiga club.,0

Another three changes coming for Brighton, as Tariq Lamptey replaces the youngster Barco on the left side of the Seagulls' defence.,0

Mainoo also comes off to complete a fine breakthrough season in the Premier League, and the United youngster is replaced in the heart of midfield by Christian Eriksen.,0

The goal stands despite a question of offside, and that's the cue for more attacking reinforcements for the visitors as Diallo is replaced by England forward Marcus Rashford.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! The Red Devils take the lead on the south coast!!! The left-back sets off on a darting run forward as Casemiro's long pass is flicked onto him by Hojlund, and with no Webster at the back for Brighton, he's got plenty of time to slot it beyond Steele and into the bottom corner!! 1-0 against the run of play, and it's United who lead at the Amex!,1

We've already seen Lallana farewelled for Brighton, and now Raphael Varane comes on to make his final Premier League appearance for Manchester United, replacing Amrabat with one eye on next week's FA Cup final.,0

United skipper Fernandes will also make way in a change which isn't too well received by the away crowd, and Rasmus Hojlund replaces the Portuguese in attack.,0

Just as one United centre-back concedes a free-kick - following Casemiro's needless foul on Enciso - another leaves the field, with Martinez replaced by Jonny Evans for the remainder of this game.,0

The Amex rises to farewell Seagulls captain Lallana, who emotionally leaves the field for the final time as a Brighton player and is replaced by young attacking midfielder Julio Enciso.,0

A chance carved out by Wan-Bissaka and Mainoo is cut out by Baleba, who is then clattered in his own box by Fernandes' sliding challenge which earns the United captain a yellow card.,2

Pedro looks to turn and sprint away once more but is caught late by Amrabat, who is shown the game's first yellow card for that reckless challenge.,2

Kehrer is booked for a foul on Visca near the left-hand touchline, despite it looking like a good tackle initially.,2

GOALLL!!! 2-0!! Kean grabs a second with a left-footed volley from the left of the six-yard box! The striker did well on the turn to control Mbappe’s wayward touch before smashing low to the left of Gunok.,1

Topal, who was treading carefully after being booked, is swapped out for Ba as Basaksehir look to attack.,0

GOALLLLL!!! 1-0 PSG! Kean is unmarked in the area from Mbappe’s corner and all he has to do is stoop down to head into the far corner of Gunok’s goal to open the scoring.,1

Topal is booked for a horrendous sliding tackle on Di Maria from behind inside PSG's half. The Basaksehir midfielder has his complaints but the referee is having none of it.,2

CHOUPO-MOTING SCORES! It's a great goal from the forward as he let Gnabry's pass roll across his body on the right of the box before firing his shot high into the roof of the net and Guilherme has no chance of stopping it. 2-0 Bayern!,1

BAYERN LEAD! It's Sule that rises highest for a Bayern corner again and this time, he finds the back of the net. It's a good header from the defender and Guilherme can't stop it nestling in the bottom corner. 1-0 Bayern! ,1

VLAHOVIC!!! 1-1! Juventus are level! After seeing a goal chalked off by VAR, there is no denying Vlahovic this time. Meeting Iling-Junior's wonderful cross, the number nine brilliantly plants a header into the far corner. Game on!,1

FERGUSON!!! 1-0 BOLOGNA! The visitors lead in Turin! Zirkzee does brilliantly, holding the ball up before taking out two defenders by threading it through to Ferguson. The Scotland international has time to set himself and drill past Perin to stun the Allianz Stadium.,1

HE'S OFF! Moisander bodychecks Lewandowski as the striker flicks the ball past him and looks to break forward. The referee shows no hesitation in showing him his second yellow card and he has been dismissed.,3

Bayern make their final change late on and it's a defensive one, with Muller coming off to be replaced by Martinez.,0

Alaba is shown a yellow card for timewasting. Bayern are doing their best to just see the game out now.,2

Here is the third and final Werder substitution, with Sahin coming off and he has been replaced by Pizarro.,0

The hosts make their second change of the game, with Johannes Eggestein heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mohwald.,0

Here is the forced change, with Veljkovic coming off due to injury and he has been replaced by Langkamp.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Bayern are back in the lead, it's 2-1! Muller with a low cross into the six-yard box towards Gnabry, but the ball takes a big deflection off a defender and then just hits Gnabry and goes into the back of the net. Not sure that's what he intended, but even without the deflection, Gnabry was in the perfect position to turn the ball into the goal from just a couple of yards out.,1

Bayern have been forced to make an early substitution, with Ribery hobbling off the pitch with an injury and he has been replaced by Coman.,0

Moisander is shown the first yellow card of the game after his late challenge on Gnabry, after the winger looked to break into the box. The Werder man brought him down just outside the area.,2

GOOOAAALLL! The hosts level the scoreline, it's 1-1! Kruse whips a terrific ball into the box after Bayern fail to push out quickly enough and put them under pressure. Osaka rises above his marker and powers his header past Neuer who was caught in no man's land and into the back of the net. Neuer came out to try and punch the ball, but realised he couldn't get to the ball so just tried to block the header instead and the Werder striker powered the ball past him.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Bayern lead 1-0! Kimmich chips the ball over the Werder defence and Gnabry is released through on goal with just the goalkeeper to beat. His first shot is poor and straight at Pavlenka, who makes a good save but luckily for the Bayern man, the rebound comes straight back to him and this time he slots the ball into the back of the net. Gnabry was just onside as the ball came over the top, with a few Werder players appealing for offside but VAR is not needed and the goal stands.,1

Bayern take the opportunity to use up a few more valuable seconds for Cologne. Gnabry off. The Spanish midfielder Roca on.,0

Wolf earns himself a yellow card for clattering into Kimmich near Bayern's corner flag. Bayern will take that just fine.,2

GOAL! COLOGNE 2-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Cologne's crosses into the box finally pay off. Jakobs' cross falls for Thielmann whose shot takes a kind deflection off Drexler and into the net. Drexler might claim it was a flick - it's his goal either way! The offside flag initially goes up but VAR takes a look and it stands! We have a game again!,1

There are a few more substitutions. Cologne first. The 19-year-old Nigerian striker Arokodare is on for Andersson who hasn't had much service.,0

Choupo-Moting's game is over. The striker's worked hard up front for Bayern here. The young Dutchman Zirkzee replaces him up top.,0

Limnios, another muted Cologne player, is next to see his number up. The 18-year-old winger Thielmann replaces him.,0

GOAL! COLOGNE 0-2 BAYERN MUNICH! A Cologne attack breaks down and Kimmich finds Gnabry making a run down the right. Gnabry bears down on the box, cuts onto his left foot and curls a precise shot into the far bottom corner. It's a clinical goal.,1

The referee reaches into his pocket and shows a yellow to Pavard. It deserves no worse than that - the Frenchman's challenge was ill-timed rather than malicious.,2

GOAL! COLOGNE 0-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Muller steps up to take the penalty and dispatches into the bottom right corner. Timo Horn dives the right way but it's just underneath him.,1

Choupo-Moting receives the game's first yellow card for that foul on Ozcan. He can have no complaints.,2

Draxler is taken off before he sees the second yellow card that he almost surely would have picked up. Kurzawa is the replacement.,0

GOOOALLLLL!!!!! JOSE FONTE MAKES IT FIVE! From the corner, Pepe whipped an outswinger into the path of Jose Fonte who was unmarked and charging, and then powered his header past a stranded Areola! What a performance this has been from the hosts! Lille 5-1 PSG,1

Verratti talks his way into Benoit Bastien's book after a prolonged rant directly into the face of the referee.,2

GOOOALLLLL!!!!! LILLE SCORE FROM THE SET-PIECE! Gabriel outjumped Kehrer from the free-kick that Verratti conceded, and the Lille man nodded his header down and into the bottom-right corner to give his side a three-goal lead! The PSG title celebrations have well and truly been put on hold by Jakubech's side! Lille 4-1 PSG,1

Just moments after Ikone was taken off, Xeka picks up a knock and is removed himself for the oncoming Soumare.,0

Strange to see Ikone pulled after such a terrific performance in midfield, but he is with Rui Fonte the replacement.,0

GOALLLL!!! LILLE SCORE THEIR THIRD! Bamba curled a powerful left-footed shot that beat Areola near-post! He was picked out with a smart pass from Ikone and the winger hammered the finish home! Lille 3-1 PSG,1

GOALLLL!!!! Pepe scores to give Lille their goal advantage back! He broke through the backline of PSG and was found in stride by Ikone which turned into a footrace which the forward was always going to win. One-on-one with Areola, Pepe waited patiently before squeezing the ball under the diving 'keeper to re-take the lead and potentially delay the visitors' title celebrations! Lille 2-1 PSG,1

Mbappe picks up a yellow card for what looked like it may have been a stamp on Mendes. Perhaps he didn't see where the Lille man was, but it's hard to view any player's actions as innocent in a match like this.,2

Now it looks like there's an injury to Soumaoro and he'll be replaced by Gabriel. Weird fact, the starting captains for each side (Silva and Soumaoro), both of whom are centre backs, have now both exited due to injuries.,0

The PSG players swarm the referee yet again, this time after Verratti suffered a heavy foul from Mendes. The latter has been shown a yellow card. Tempers definitely flaring here.,2

RED CARD! Pepe had the better of Bernat in a footrace and the PSG man has been sent off! There didn't appear to be too much contact though so this one may be overturned.,3

Meunier's race is indeed done as he's replaced by Diaby. Unfortunate the former will not have a chance to redeem himself after the early own goal.,0

Thiago Silva seems to have picked up a problem and will be replaced by Kehrer for PSG's first substitution.,0

GOOOALLLL! PSG are back level already! Mbappe lofted the ball over his marker then lofted it again, this time to Bernat who had made a run at the far post and the latter slots it home to get the visitors back into the match! Solid finish, but Mbappe definitely made that goal. Lille 1-1 PSG,1

A scuffle breaks out in the Lens penalty area as Sevilla look to send in a free-kick. It culminates in Rafa Mir receiving a yellow card.,2

The hosts turn straight to the bench and Khusanov is introduced for the dying moments with Gradit making way.,0

FULGINI!!! 2-1 LENS! Is that the winning goal?! It is a devastating counter by the hosts, who rob Pedrosa of possession just inside the Sevilla half. Sotoca then demonstrates wonderful vision and execution to find the unmarked Fulgini. The latter takes a touch before calmly slotting past the onrushing Dmitrovic.,1

Ramos accidentally caught Samba with his boot as he went to retrieve the ball and goes into the book as a result.,2

PENALTY TO SEVILLA! The referee awards the visitors a spot-kick as Medina tugs En-Nesyri, who was looking to connect with Rakitic's cross. The Lens defender is booked for his troubles.,2

The hosts make a double-substitution. The first of these sees Wahi, who had that audacious long-range effort early on, replaced by Guilavogui.,0

That was Torres' final action in this contest. The Sevilla forward makes way to be replaced by Rafa Mir for the final 20 minutes.,0

FRANKOWSKI!!! 1-0 LENS! There is a delay following a VAR check, but the referee eventually sticks with his original decision. The wait does not deter Frankowski, however, as he steps up and smashes the penalty into the back of the net.,1

The early substitute, El Aynaoui receives the game's first yellow card after dragging Torres to the ground.,2

After Lens were briefly reduced to 10 men, El Aynaoui gets them back to full strength as he makes his way onto the field to replace Mendy.,0

LIVERPOOL HAVE THEIR SECOND! 2-0! Only on the pitch for six minutes, Jota finds the back of the net in his return from injury, receiving the ball in midfield and finding Diaz before continuing on an overlapping run down the left. With poise and presence of mind, the Colombia international spots his team-mate and lays it off to him using his backheel, with Jota able to beat Trafford from a tight angle!,1

Kompany continues to roll the dice with his side behind by one. This time, Larsen is introduced for Amdouni.,0

Jota comes on for the first time since his injury over a month ago, with Nunez taken off despite the goal to his name.,0

Alexander-Arnold's swing of the leg catches Foster, who was on his way towards the 18-yard box. It's a yellow card for the Liverpool right-back, and a free-kick for Burnley.,2

Elliott makes way, somewhat disappointed after his goal was chalked off. Diaz will see out the remainder of the game.,0

Szoboszlai comes into Liverpool's midfield to add a bit of fresh legs and creativity, with Gakpo chosen for an early rest.,0

Berge’s tackle on Gravenberch is worthy of the first yellow card of the match, with Paul Tierney showing the Burnley midfielder a booking.,2

INCH-PERFECT FROM NUNEZ! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! Gakpo gets into the penalty area after a lovely one-two pass with Nunez and sizes up Vitinho before pulling a pass back to the edge of the penalty area. Having continued his run, the Uruguay international striker meets the ball with a first-time shot with his side foot, putting it just out of Trafford’s reach!,1

Webster brings down Jesus on the charge and goes into the book. He opted to take one for the team there.,2

Fernandinho brings down Bissouma on the charge, but the Brazilian is not happy about it. He believes City should have had a free-kick before he tackled the Brighton man.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL BURN COMPLETES THE COMEBACK FOR BRIGHTON!!!! 3-2!!!!! The home side are in dreamland as Burn bundles a strike past Ederson and Zinchenko on the line. Trossard sends a throughball for the defender, who stumbles over his own legs. He forces a right-footed effort towards the net that Ederson saves. Burn pounces on the rebound and even though he falls to the deck, he somehow manages to sweep a shot into the right corner of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! WEBSTER LEVELS WITH A PRECISE HEADER!!!! 2-2!!! The Seagulls find the equaliser as Webster rises highest in the box and guides a header away from Ederson into the bottom-left corner. After a clearance from Rodri, Brighton recycle possession and Gross collects on the right flank. He delivers a good cross into the box for Webster to attack and he does not disappoint finding the back of the net.,1

On comes Fernandinho in the City midfield to replace Gundogan, who walks off the pitch without an issue.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TROSSARD GETS BRIGHTON BACK IN THE GAME!!!! 2-1!!! The Belgian hammers a close-range strike past Ederson into the top-right corner capitalising on a mistake from Rodri. The move starts as the City midfielder plays a pass straight to Trossard, who surges towards goal. He cuts back across the box aiming to strike the ball on his right foot. Dias does his utmost to block the effort, but it travels past him and Ederson into the back of the net.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!! FODEN SCORES A BRILLIANT INDIVIDUAL EFFORT!! 2-0 CITY!! The England man continues to enhance his reputation with a brilliant run down the left flank before picking out the bottom-right corner with a sublime strike. White and Webster could not close fast enough to stop the effort and City now have control of the contest even with 10 men.,1

Trossard comes on to the pitch to replace Welbeck in the final third. Brighton are now operating without a central striker. Maupay's absence looms large.,0

OFF! Cancelo is dismissed for denying a goal-scoring opportunity. He gets himself in a tangle when attempting to clear a long ball over the top. The Portuguese brings down Welbeck and VAR confirms the verdict of Atwell to send him on his way.,3

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GUNDOGAN NODS CITY AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors are ahead in the early stages of the contest as the German is on the spot at the back post. Mahrez is afforded space and time on the right flank to lift a pinpoint cross towards the run of Gundogan. The midfielder plants his header across goal and into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SERGI EQUALISES!!!! 1-1!!! Valladolid level the scores at the death. Sergi latches on to a precise offload from Plano in the left inside channel. Courtois races off his line, but the forward beats the Belgian with a low strike into the left bottom corner. The visitors have deserved that for their efforts in the second half.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BENZEMA FIRES MADRID AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! The Frenchman scores a sublime goal to put his team in front. He collects Varane's offload with his back to goal just inside the box. Benzema turns to whip a low strike into the right bottom corner beyond the reach of Masip. A super finish from the Madrid forward to break the deadlock.,1

Waldo replaces Moyano for the visitors, with the latter having a couple of issues with Marcelo during the game. ,0

James is withdrawn for Vinicius for the home side. It was a steady if unspectacular performance from the Colombian.,0

Aguero has not appeared in a match for City since the win over Liverpool, so his emergence on the touchline earns an applause from the supporters in the Etihad, and they grow even louder as Jesus' number is called. He goes off to a standing ovation following his brace.,0

Pep goes to his bench for a second time as he adds an extra body in midfield in the form of Gundogan, with Sane the one to give way.,0

A third and final change for Wolves sees them bring on young attacker Gibbs-White, with Moutinho giving way to make room.,0

City go to the bench for the first time tonight as De Bruyne is brought on for the final 30 minutes at the expense of David Silva.,0

A second change from Wolves is quite the defensive one as Saiss replaces Jota. Perhaps they are selling out in an attempt to keep this scoreline as is.,0

TWO TO THE GOOD! Jesus makes it 2-0 as he sends Patricio the wrong way to covert from the spot. Goals in three straight now for the striker, who has scored seven times over that span.,1

DISASTER FOR WOLVES! They're down to 10 men! Boly slides in recklessly with two feet and makes contact with the ball initially, but catches Bernardo Silva dangerously with his follow-through! That really is a brutally unnecessary challenge from the centre-half, who is given his marching orders by referee Craig Pawson!,3

Jota is sprung into space down the left before being hacked down from behind by a bad foul from Fernandinho, who is issued an early caution.,2

CITY HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Simple, direct football from the hosts as Laporte carves Wolves apart with a delicious ball down the left to play in Sane, who squares for Jesus to turn in from point-blank range as the striker continues his scorching form!,1

WHAT A GOAL! Dembele gets lucky as he keeps hold of the ball after Inui's challenge before swinging his cross in. Arbilla flicks it over Braithwaite's head, but Griezmann is waiting unmarked at the far post and he jumps to volley his effort back across goal and over the line. 1-0 Barca!,1

Moriba limped off the side of the pitch to receive more treatment, but he can't carry on and Puig is on to replace him.,0

There's a triple change for Barcelona at the start of the second half. Trincao is the first to go off, with Braithwaite on for him.,0

Eibar are also making a change. Gil makes his way onto the bench with an ice pack wrapped around his knee after struggling in the first half. Leon is on for him.,0

It's a late one from Firpo as he completely misses the ball and catches Gil on his heel with his studs, so he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Coutinho is taken down with a two-footed sliding challenge from Aleix Vidal – who is shown a yellow card. ,2

Clement Lenglet is shown a yellow card for a somewhat cynical foul in which he was looking to arrest Sevilla's forward move. ,2

PENALTY TO SEVILLA and a yellow card for Ter Stegen! Aleix Vidal’s run through on goal is stopped by Ter Stegen who quickly emerged from his goal to clear the danger. The goalkeeper makes contact with the player and brings him down inside the six-yard box – giving the referee an easy decision!,2

New signing Arturo Vidal is on for the final five minutes, replacing Ousmane Dembele, whose 78th-minute goal is the difference between the two sides. ,0

Striker Wissam Ben Yedder is on for Sevilla’s last throw of the dice, replacing defender Ivan Mercado. ,0

OH, IT’S A BIT OF MAGIC FROM DEMBELE TO MAKE IT 2-1! What a phenomenal strike from the young Frenchman shortly after the brilliance of Vaclik. The goalkeeper could do nothing about this strike, however, as Dembele receives a pass from Messi before taking two steps towards the penalty area and unleashing a thunderbolt which clatters off the crossbar before nestling into the bottom corner. It’s a match-winning goal in terms of quality, and perhaps timing!,1

Pablo Sarabia who gave Sevilla the lead is removed for former Barcelona player Aleix Vidal – who is given a warm reception upon his entrance.,0

Dembele’s mazy run in midfield is halted by the sliding challenge of Roque Mesa, who is shown a yellow card for his tackle.   ,2

Recently signed from Milan, Andre Silva makes his first appearance in a Sevilla kit, replacing Luis Muriel. ,0

The second substitution of the match is also Barcelona’s, as Arthur is taken off for Philippe Coutinho in another midfield swap.  ,0

GERARD PIQUE MAKES IT 1-1 THREE MINUTES FROM HALF-TIME! Messi’s free-kick hits the post and ricochets off of Vaclik’s leg upon the rebound. The deflection takes it right into the path of Pique, who taps it in easily with a side foot! It’s equal in Morocco!,1

Franco Vazquez is far too eager to win the ball in midfield and ends up in a bit of a tussle. He is shown Sevilla’s first yellow card of the match for the infringement.  ,2

The counter-attack stops in its tracks after Sergio Busquets puts in a tough but necessary challenge on Vazquez which sees the Barca midfielder earn the first card of the match. ,2

SARABIA MAKES IT 1-0 SEVILLA! After initially not giving the goal, the referee overturns his decision as Sarabia is onside when receiving a beautiful pass on the edge of the penalty area. The striker then takes a touch and curls it past the arm of ter Stegen!,1

GOAL! ANGLEO OGBONNA HAS THE BREAKTHROUGH FOR WEST HAM! 1-0! The corner is whipped in and it is a towering header from the defender, beating out Godfrey and steering it beyond Pickford in at the left post on the far side. The pressure tells for the Hammers!,1

Fornals can't believe he's fouled Townsend there - but not only is it a foul, it is a yellow card for the West Ham man.,2

Antonio goes down under a challenge now but the referee feels the contact is minimal - and books the West Ham man for simulation instead.,2

Anderson gets two minutes to play in injury time, with Gordon not risked any further with the result secured.,0

LIVRAMENTO MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! A first Newcastle goal for the full-back adds the cherry on top of an otherwise perfect day, latching onto Schar’s long-range pass in acres of space on the wing before dribbling through the entire Wolves defence and somehow scuffing an unwitting shot past the oncoming Bentley!,1

Ait Nouri is first called for a foul on Livramento on the touchline, before venting his frustration in the direction of the referee. It’s a yellow card for the Wolves wing-back; the first booking of the match.,2

Mario Lemina makes way with under 10 minutes to go, as O'Neil continues to roll the dice by sending on Traore.,0

Isak goes off having put his side ahead after just 14 minutes, with Barnes given a chance to stretch his legs.,0

A change in defence for Wolves sees Toti make way after his key goal-line clearance. Hugo Bueno is selected to replace him.,0

Trippier has limped off and remains deep in conversation with a member of the Newcastle medical staff. It first appeared as though the England international would be able to retake his place, but that won’t be the case as Livramento comes on in his stead.,0

Substitute goalkeeper Bentley is called upon to play in the second half, with Sa apparently unable to continue between the posts after half-time.,0

NEWCASTLE STRIKE AGAIN! 2-0! Murphy gets free down the right wing and shapes his body to curl a low cross in towards the penalty spot for Isak. Sa comes rushing off his line to beat the forward to the delivery but a collision leaves the ball unclaimed just outside the six-yard box, with Gordon coming across to tap his finish into the empty net to double the advantage!,1

NEWCASTLE TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It’s a slightly fortuitous goal but the home supporters won’t care - with Isak giving Newcastle an early advantage! Gordon gets forward on a counter-attack after a long period of possession for Wolves, slipping the ball through for Guimaraes on the overlapping run. The midfielder hits his shot from close range which is deflected by Dawson, right into the path of Isak, who nods it home!,1

Doucoure picks up a late booking for a poor challenge on Onyeka. There's no time for Brentford to do much with the free-kick though. That's that!,2

GOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE 1-1 BRENTFORD! Famous last words! Janelt curls a fantastic cross into the path of Wissa, who powers a header past Guaita! The goal's being checked for offside...,1

Toney tries to capitalise on Andersen's loose touch but ends up scything the Palace centre-back down. A yellow card is his reward.,2

Hickey's shown the game's first yellow card for a tactical foul on Zaha, who's started to run the show for Palace.,2

It's a triple change that Brentford make. Baptiste is first to get the hook. Damsgaard is his replacement.,0

GOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE 1-0 BRENTFORD! Zaha receives the ball from Doucoure just outside the box and it looks like nothing's on. The Ivorian knows better, though, taking a tiny touch onto his right foot to beat Hickey and curling into the far top corner of the net.,1

Double change for Leganes now and the first i an attacking one as they chase an equaliser. Omeruo is the player that makes way and Arnaiz is on in his place. ,0

VITOLO PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD! Vitolo finds himself in some space in the box and Felix squares the ball through to him. The substitute takes a touch before curling his effort low into the bottom left corner and is helped by a deflection off Omeruo which takes it past Soriano. 1-0 Atletico!,1

Thomas is the latest player to be shown a yellow card after he catches Braithwaite with a late challenge to stop the counter-attack. ,2

Simeone makes his first change of the game now as he brings off Hermoso and replaces him with Vitolo. ,0

Rosales is shown a yellow card after catching Oblak with a late challenge as he closed down the keeper. ,2

That is the end of the game for Tarin as he's taken off the field by the medical team and Bustinza comes on to replace him. ,0

Third and final change for Levante, who bring on Boateng to provide fresh legs in attack. He takes the place of Marti, the scorer of Levante's second.,0

GOAL! 2-1! Real Madrid pull one back! Bale's cross floats over the middle to Benzema, who cuts back to Marcelo in the middle. He delays a shot initially to make some room before smashing into the roof of the net.,1

Cabaco pulls the shirt of Asensio and concedes a free-kick just outside the box, earning himself the game's first yellow card.,2

GOAL! 2-0 Levante! Marti steps up and dispatches the penalty into the right-hand corner beyond the reach of Courtois, who dives the right way.,1

GOAL! 1-0 Levante! Postigo plays a direct ball forward through to Morales and Varane completely misjudges the pass. The forward's first touch is superb to flick the ball around Courtois before smashing home into the empty net.,1

Cabrera is shown his second yellow card for dissent, before receiving the second red card of the match. ,3

RED CARD FOR DAKONAM! He took out Lemar from behind to receive his second yellow card of the game, before being shown a red and having to leave the field. ,3

Arias is the first Atletico player to be shown a yellow card after leading with his elbow in a challenge on Antunes.,2

Rodriguez receives a yellow card for dissent after showing his frustration at not being awarded a free-kick.,2

SAUL MAKES IT TWO! Kalinic had the initial attempt after getting on the end of Lucas' cross, and he took it first time from point-blank range and Soria made a great save to deny him. Saul got on the end of the rebound though and put the ball into the back of an empty net. 2-0 Atletico!,1

GRIEZMANN PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD! The Frenchman seemed to have a lot of space as he got the ball outside the box. He had the chance to take one touch to set himself before hitting his shot low into the bottom corner past Soria. 1-0 Atletico!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 1-1 LIVERPOOL!! With Maupay off the pitch, it is left to Gross to take the penalty. He takes no risks, blasting the ball right down the middle with Alisson diving to his right. It is all square at the Amex Stadium!,1

White gets some of the ball but his boot catches Jota on the shin and the referee reaches into his pocket.,2

Milner is the latest player to leave the field with an injury. Jones is brought on and may be asked to fill in at right-back.,0

Lallana, barely on the field for 10 minutes, has been replaced by Jahanbakhsh. The ex-Liverpool midfielder clearly picked up another injury because he jogged straight down the tunnel.,0

Salah does not look happy to be taken off, just like Connolly a minute before him. Mane is brought on in attack.,0

Connolly, who has been Brighton's liveliest player today, is replaced by Lallana. A strange decision from Potter, that!,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 0-1 LIVERPOOL!! This is brilliant from in-form Jota! He takes a few touches to set himself, dummies a shot and then picks out the bottom-left corner, placing the ball just out of Ryan's reach.,1

Klopp had withdrawn young right-back Williams, who gave away the first-half penalty, with skipper Henderson on in his place.,0

Veltman catches Firmino on the boot, winning none of the ball, and is the first player to be shown a yellow card.,2

Brighton bring on Trossard, who has himself spent some time on the sidelines, for the injured Maupay.,0

Gueye is booked for a late lunge in midfield. We've played two of six additional minutes at the end of this game.,2

Dyche hands Dobbin a chance from the bench, with Doucoure withdrawn. He squandered a glaring chance with the scoreline at 1-0... one of many misses the Toffees have ended up regretting!,0

United's free-kick comes to nothing, and that is the signal for Ten Hag to make another change. Martial is replaced after winning a penalty and scoring a goal, with Mejbri on.,0

With the three points now surely secure, Ten Hag withdraws Shaw on his return from injury. Wan-Bissaka comes on as Dalot moves over to left-back.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! MARTIAL MAKES IT THREE! Surely it's game over now as Everton are hit in transition. Fernandes slots a throughball into the path of Martial, who bears down on Pickford before beating him with a clever dinked finish with the outside of his right boot. It's 3-0 to United and surely game over at Goodison Park.,1

Dyche responds with two changes of his own, with Danjuma replacing the ineffective McNeil in the first of those.,0

Patterson is also on in place of Young, who conceded a penalty and has generally struggled throughout.,0

Garnacho has also enjoyed a memorable outing, scoring a simply stunning opener to set United on their way. He gets a rest as fellow youngster Pellistri comes on.,0

Mainoo is congratulated by his team-mates as his impressive outing comes to an end. Amrabat replaces the teenager in midfield as United look to hold onto their lead.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! RASHFORD CONVERTS FOR 2-0! Rashford makes no mistake against his England team-mate Pickford, stuttering before blasting his spot-kick into the top-left corner. It's a long way back for Everton from here!,1

The home fans are furious as Doucoure is booked for dissent. McTominay fouled Harrison and Garnacho petulantly kicked the ball away – Doucoure was simply trying to point that out to the referee John Brooks!,2

Former United player Young becomes the first man in the referee's book after bringing Garnacho down with a terribly mistimed challenge. He has already seen red against Liverpool this season, now he's walking a tightrope again!,2

GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! OH MY WORD, THAT IS SIMPLY INCREDIBLE! Garnacho has scored what may go down as one of the best goals in Premier League history! That is unbelievable! Rashford feeds a pass to Dalot on the overlap out on United's right flank, and he swings a deep cross to Garnacho on the far side of the area. It's behind the Argentine around 15 yards from goal, but he meets it with a magical overhead kick which flies into the top-right corner! What a way to silence this crowd!,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! TORINO 2-1 AC MILAN! Torino lead!!! The match has been turned on its head in the space of a few short minutes. Belotti slips in Zaza, who is denied by Donnarumma from close range. Belotti gets on the end of the loose ball, converting into an empty net at the second time of asking with an unorthodox finish.,1

Milan's substitute keeper Reina is sent off, seemingly for dissent. The visitors believe there was a foul in the build-up but the goal will stand.,3

GOOOOAAALLL!!! TORINO 1-1 AC MILAN! Torino are on level terms through a Belotti strike. The striker cuts inside from the left and catches out Donnarumma with his powerful drive. The Milan keeper should be doing a lot better.,1

Theo is off balance and takes out Izzo when attempting to win the ball. The Milan full-back is shown a yellow card and looks to have picked up an injury in making that challenge. ,2

Lyanco, who was on a booking, is replaced by Ansaldi with just under an hour played. That could mean a change of formation.,0

The home fans are furious. Less than a minute after Bennacer escaped punishment for seemingly fouling Belotti, the Torino striker is cautioned for a challenge on Musacchio.,2

Zaza loses control of the ball five yards outside his own box and, out of pure frustration, hacks at the legs of Calhanoglu. The referee reaches into his pocket for the third time today.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! TORINO 0-1 AC MILAN! As confident as you like from Piatek, who fires the penalty into the bottom-left corner to put Milan in front.,1

Lyanco is the first player to enter the referee's book following a shove on Piatek, who argues he would have been clean through on goal without the contact.,2

Bodo are making a double change as they continue to search for a late equaliser. Hoibraten is the first to go off, with Moe replacing him.,0

Vetlesen is tracking back after Sampsted sloppily gives the ball away, and he drags Nketiah back. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

Arsenal are making a double change as they try to get back on the front foot in this game. Saka is the first to go off, with Xhaka replacing him.,0

SAKA SCORES! It was good build-up from Arsenal, as they patiently work it out from the back. Saka eventually finds some space down the right and plays a good one-two with Lokonga to get around Wembangomo. Hiis shot is blocked by Hoibraten, but it bounces against Saka's chest and over the line. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

Bodo are being forced into an early change here as Saltnes makes his way off with an injury. Gronbaek comes on to replace him.,0

GOOOOOAL! 4-3! Vidal has space inside the area and latches onto Suarez's inviting pass through, then tapping the ball across for Messi to tuck home easily. Real Betis plead for offside and, after a delay for a VAR check, a goal is awarded!,1

Betis make their final change of the game as Paris Saint-Germain loanee Lo Celso makes way after a fine performance, with his place taken by Inui.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOAL! 4-2 Betis! Unbelievable! Junior finds space beyond Roberto and drills a superb ball into the middle where Canales is lurking, stabbing home easily just inside the six-yard box.,1

RED CARD! Oh my word! Barcelona shoot themselves in the foot again! Rakitic lunges in on Lo Celso in midfield and picks up a deserved yellow card, which sees the referee issue marching orders to the Croatia midfielder.,3

GOOOOAL! 3-2! Barcelona are back in it again! Messi plays a killer pass through the defence to Munir and he unselfishly taps a ball across to Vidal, who tucks home into an empty net.,1

Betis continue to put Barcelona under pressure and Vidal lunges into a challenge on Loren, conceding a free-kick in a decent position and having his name taken by the referee.,2

GOOOOOAL! 3-1 Betis! A disaster for Ter Stegen! Tello drags a ball back into the middle where Lo Celso strikes at goal but it is straight at the Germany international. However, he is unable to clutch onto possession and only palms the effort over his head and into the net.,1

Third and final change for Barcelona as Alena takes the place of Busquets, who was carrying a yellow card.,0

Betis are under pressure now and Mandi fouls Munir with a late challenge, conceding a free-kick and earning a yellow card.,2

GOAL! Barcelona pull one back! Messi marks his return from injury with a goal by smashing a penalty into the top corner, giving Lopez no chance.,1

Busquets is judged to have fouled Loren but is not happy with the referee's decision and picks up a yellow card for dissent.,2

Rakitic tries to snatch possession off Joaquin on the edge of Betis' penalty area but instead concedes a foul, picking up a booking in the process.,2

GOOOOOOAL! 2-0 Betis! Again the visitors find space in the wide positions and again they make it count! Junior's drilled cross goes all the way through and Tello pulls a pass back across goal where Joaquin provides a one-touch finish to double Betis' advantage.,1

Messi is growing into the game as he skips through the midfield before being hauled back by Guardado, who picks up the game's first yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOAL! 1-0 Betis! The visitors hit on the counter as Carvalho feeds a ball through the defence to Junior, who has no support but beats Roberto and shifts the ball onto his right foot before drilling a finish past Ter Stegen at the near post.,1

In similar fashion to Berenguer, Kounde takes one for the team as he pulls back the advancing Villalibre at the expense of a yellow card.,2

Berenguer drags back Yamal to prevent the teenager from embarking on a dangerous surge down the right wing. The Bilbao man is booked for his troubles.,2

Christensen is deemed to have caught Prados late and goes into the book. It looked a little harsh in all fairness as the Barca midfielder appeared to play the ball.,2

Dani Garcia handles the ball to prevent Barca from potentially attacking, and is booked for his troubles.,2

As expected, Pedri cannot continue and is distraught as he makes his way to the touchline. Teenager Yamal comes on in his place.,0

The disappointment in De Jong's face is evident as he is removed from the field. Fermin goes on in his place.,0

Bayern are making their final change as we head into stoppage time. Muller goes off, with Stanisic replacing him.,0

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! It's an emphatic penalty from the forward! He takes a short run-up and fires his shot into the top-right corner of the net. Gikiewicz dives the wrong way, but he wouldn't have stood a chance anyway. 1-0 Bayern!,1

Nianzou's foul actually prevented Zeqiri from breaking on the counter, so he's shown a yellow card for the challenge.,2

Augsburg are making another double change here. Maier is the first to go off, with Moravek on for him.,0

Gummy just pulled up with a knee injury and instantly signalled to the bench. His game is over and Framberger replaces him.,0

Bayern are making a change at the start of the second half. It's Gnabry that's gone off, with Musiala on to replace him.,0

Oxford is trying to hold Lewandowski off the ball when he loses his balance and he ends up catching the forward in the face with his hand. He's shown the first yellow card of the match.,2

Despite scoring, a frustrated Giroud mutters to himself upon withdrawal from the fray, as Origi comes on to replace him.,0

Milan's final switch of their triple change sees Bennacer, who had an illness last weekend, making way for Pobega in midfield.,0

3-0 MILAN! The Rossoneri are strolling it now! With unerring accuracy, Giroud steps up to the penalty spot and thumps an unsaveable shot into the top-left corner: Livakovic had no chance! Surely, that's game over.,1

Cacic has had enough, and makes a triple substitution. First, experienced skipper Ademi is replaced by young Baturina.,0

MILAN EXTEND THEIR ADVANTAGE! With a typically surging run from out to in, Leao leaves a floundering Dinamo defence in his wake before bursting into the box and slotting the ball below an exposed Livakovic from no more than 10 yards. That's 2-0: does that seal the points for Milan?,1

For catching Misic on the foot with his studs, De Ketelaere becomes the first Milan player yellow-carded today.,2

Dinamo captain Ademi is the first player to see yellow, as he is booked for an ill-timed lunge on Tonali out on the right flank.,2

MILAN LEAD! With a simple set-piece move, the Italian champions break the deadlock! From a free-kick on the right, some 30 yards from goal, Tonali flips a cross to the back post, where Gabbia arrives at the right moment to steer the ball into the back of the net with a header! It's 1-0 to Milan!,1

Williams is bundled to the ground by Kossounou and wins a free-kick to United. Vanaken isn't happy with the decision and ends up being booked for dissent.,2

Balanta picks up the first yellow card of the game after pulling back Juan Mata on the halfway line. He was booked during the Champions League group stage, so that means he'll miss the second leg.,2

MARTIAL EQUALISES! De Cuyper's throw-in was meant for Mechele and he allowed it to run across him without realising Martial was closing him down. The forward nicks it and makes a driving run into the box before curling his shot past Mignolet and into the back of the net. 1-1! ,1

CLUB BRUGGE LEAD! Mignolet plays a long kick upfield and Dennis gets in between the two United defenders. Dennis brings it down brilliantly and chips it over Romero who has come out of his box. It's a great finish at it nestles into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Club Brugge!,1

Rodriguez goes into the book for a dreadful scything challenge on Yamal inside the Barca half. Fortunately, the Blaugrana youngster avoided any damage.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! CANCELO ADDS A FIFTH! Barca's new right-back caps a brilliant full debut with a fine solo goal! Cancelo receives a pass from Lewandowski before turning Miranda inside-out to burst into the box. From there, he lashes a powerful effort across goal and into the bottom-left corner. Barca lead Betis 5-0!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! IT'S FOUR AS RAPHINHA GETS IN ON THE ACT! Raphinha makes an immediate impact, drifting inside from the right flank to drill a left-footed effort beyond Vieites' dive and into the bottom-right corner. Barca are running riot, and this could get very ugly for Betis!,1

Barca's first goalscorer Joao Felix is also going off after a successful full debut. On comes wonderkid Yamal.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! TORRES MAKES IT THREE! Torres takes the free-kick, curling a clever, low effort around the wall and into the bottom-right corner! Vieites had absolutely no chance, and Barca look set to go top of LaLiga. 3-0!,1

Betis have also made a change in goal, with Vieites replacing Silva after he suffered an injury in the first half.,0

Pellegrini has opted to make a double substitution at the break. Abde comes on for his Betis debut against his former club, with Luiz Henrique off.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAL! LEWANDOWSKI MAKES IT 2-0! What a goal, that is trademark Barca! Christensen steps out from the back to feed a pass towards Joao Felix. With his back to goal, the loanee spots the run of Lewandowski behind him and simply dummies the ball to release him on goal. Lewandowski makes no mistake by finishing low off the post, and it's a long way back for Betis now.,1

GOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! JOAO FELIX HAS HIS FIRST GOAL FOR BARCELONA! Romeu looks for Joao Felix with a deep cross from the right. He snatches at his volleyed attempt but chases the loose ball, beating Silva to it before steering his second shot home from a tight angle! Barca lead 1-0!,1

Having miscontrolled the ball in midfield, a tiring Douglas Luiz topples Jorgensen and picks up a yellow card. That will see him miss Villa's next game through suspension.,2

Damsgaard also makes way, as Toney arrives to take the captain's armband. He's not fully fit, but all hopes are riding on him now.,0

GOAAAALLLL!!! 3-3! Watkins does it again! Rising above Flekken to convert his second headed goal of the game, Villa's main man pulls the home side level! Bailey's deflected cross hung invitingly in the six-yard box, and he took his chance clinically! What a final 10 minutes or so we have in prospect!,1

After setting up two goals and playing a big part in turning this game on its head, Reguilon departs. Lewis-Potter will replace him for the closing stages.,0

Unai Emery is stunned into action, after his team concede three times in less than 10 minutes. Zaniolo is sent on to replace Rogers, who started this second half by putting Villa 2-0 in front.,0

WISSA COMPLETES THE TURNAROUND! What a comeback from Brentford! Again, Reguilon raids down the left and delivers a well-placed cross, and this time Wissa is left in space to guide it home! Aston Villa are falling apart, as the Bees take full advantage! It's now 3-2 to the visitors, as Villa Park falls virtually silent!,1

MBEUMO LEVELS IT! Suddenly, it's 2-2 at Villa Park! Following a tame first half, all hell has broken loose since the interval! Brentford again expose their hosts' defence, as Reguilon swings over a cross from the left flank to find Mbeumo, who calmly steers it in with a classy volley! That's a fine finish, which drags the Bees level!,1

BRENTFORD PULL ONE BACK! On his 100th Premier League appearance, Jorgensen pops up to bundle in a goal from close range! After Damsgaard drives the ball across the six-yard box, his Danish compatriot misses with one foot but sends it past Martinez with his other leg! Not pretty, but effective! It's just 2-1 to Villa now - game on!,1

As McGinn strides forward from midfield, Wissa comes in with an ill-timed tackle and then receives a yellow card from the referee.,2

VILLA DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! It's 2-0 to Unai Emery's men! Soon after kick-off, Tielemans feeds Rogers in Brentford's box, and the young forward turns smartly before beating Flekken with a shot into the bottom-right corner! That's his first goal for Aston Villa, who are on course for victory now!,1

After Douglas Luiz beats his opponent with an elaborate spin in midfield, he finds himself flattened by Damsgaard, who disrupts the counter-attack and is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! Once again, Watkins unlocks the door! After McGinn sends over a superb curling cross from the right, the ex-Brentford striker heads the ball in from close range and scores against his old club! Flekken almost kept it out, but it certainly crossed the line! That's 1-0 to Aston Villa!,1

Holgate is booked for a blatant foul on Fornals to stop West Ham from breaking forward on the counter.,2

West Ham make their first change of the game, with Bowen coming off and he has been replaced by Noble.,0

RED CARD! Keane is shown a second yellow card and he's been sent off! The Everton skipper dives into a challenge with Antonio on the edge of the box and gets nowhere near the ball and the referee has no choice but to dismiss him.,3

GOOOAAALLL! WEST HAM GO BACK AHEAD! Bowen marks his return to the side with a goal! Iwobi loses the ball in midfield and the West Ham counter quickly, with Antonio released though on goal and he only had Pickford to beat, but the Everton keeper made a superb save. However, Bowen kept up with his team-mate and converted the rebound, sliding the ball into the back of an empty net. It’s 2-1!,1

GOOOAAALLL! EVERTON EQUALISE! Holgate makes it 1-1! Fabianski tries to punch a corner clear, but doesn’t get enough on it and it falls to Richarlison, who flicks it back to Holgate and he volleys the ball towards goal, it takes a slight deflection off Fornals and flies into the bottom right corner.,1

Keane is the first player to be booked after he deliberately trips up Antonio as the striker looked to break forward on the counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! WEST HAM TAKE THE LEAD! Cresswell steps up to take a free-kick just outside the penalty area and whips the ball over the Everton wall and curls it straight into the top right corner of the net! Superb set piece and he makes it 1-0!,1

Gray is withdrawn by Benitez and is given a warm reception from the home crowd as he walks off the field. Iwobi takes his place on the left wing.,0

Dyche now hooks Wood, replacing him up front with Rodriguez for the final few minutes of the contest.,0

Benitez gives Rondon his debut as the game draws to a close, with Richarlison coming off to make way for the new man up front.,0

Dyche makes a double-change now as he tries to get his side back on level terms. Gudmunds­son is the first man off, with Lennon replacing him on the right wing.,0

GOAL!!! EVERTON HAVE SCORED AGAIN!!! Doucoure picks out a superb ball in behind for Gray and the winger races in behind before slotting coolly past Pope from just inside the box! It's 3-1 to Everton now!,1

GOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM TOWNSEND!!! Doucoure feeds Townsend just outside the centre-circle and the winger drives forward before unleashing an incredible dipping strike that flies into the top-left corner past Pope, who had no chance! It's 2-1 to Everton now!,1

Despite levelling the scores, Benitez follows through with the substitution he was preparing and switches from a 3-4-3 to a 4-3-3 as he replaces Godfrey with Gomes.,0

GOAL! KEANE LEVELS THE SCORES!! Townsend works a yard on the right and lofts a cross into the middle where Keane - still in the box following a corner - rises highest to power a header past Pope at the near post! It's1-1!,1

GOAL! BURNLEY TAKE THE LEAD! A free-kick from the left ends up with Gudmundsson on the right and he swings the ball back into the middle for Mee, who steers a header past Pickford! It's 1-0 to Burnley!,1

Townsend is furious now as he's booked for a foul on Taylor, who goes down as he feels the Everton winger's arm on his back. ,2

Townsend cuts inside from the right and drives towards the penalty area, but Brownhill wrestles him to the ground and the Burnley midfielder is booked as a result.,2

Everton make their first change of the game. Chermiti is given a chance to make an impression up front and replaces Calvert-Lewin, who could have scored the winner with his goal earlier in the half.,0

West Ham are making a switch to try and force an equaliser. Moyes adds another attacker to the mix, with Ings coming on for Cresswell.,0

Alvarez goes into the book for a late slide tackle on Onana. He will miss West Ham's game against Brentford.,2

Paqueta goes into the book for dissent. He wanted a corner on the left after Garner blocked his cross, but a goal-kick was given as it came back off the West Ham man.,2

GOALLL! CALVERT-LEWIN SCORES! 1-0 EVERTON! What a finish from Calvert-Lewin! Harrison has the ball on the edge of the box and he flicks a pass into the striker. He goes past Zouma and Aguard and drives a shot across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1

GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! JESUS FINISHES UNITED OFF ON THE BREAK! United lift a deep free-kick into the area, but Arsenal scramble it clear. Vieira then finds Jesus darting through on the break, and the Brazilian keeps his composure to sit Dalot down before slotting past Onana! Arsenal 3-1 Manchester United, and that will be that at the Emirates!,1

Jorginho replaces Odegaard as Arteta looks to run down the clock. Surely the Gunners have done enough?,0

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! RICE WINS IT FOR ARSENAL! This is remarkable! Saka's deep delivery drops to Rice at the far post, with the midfielder able to chest it down before volleying at goal. His strike takes a slight deflection off Evans before beating Onana at his near post! Arsenal lead 2-1 at the death!,1

Nelson replaces Martinelli on the Arsenal left as we enter EIGHT minutes of stoppage time. Can either team find a decisive goal?,0

Evans gets a second United debut, with Lindelof withdrawn. That must be due to another fitness concern, and United now have a makeshift partnership of Evans and Maguire!,0

Garnacho replaces Antony as Ten Hag refreshes his attack. The Brazilian has put a good shift in here.,0

Onana is booked for timewasting ahead of United's goal-kick. He then punts the ball downfield in a change of approach from the visitors.,2

Martinez is booked for a clumsy foul on Nketiah. The referee played advantage, with Martinelli eventually seeing a cross headed behind for an Arsenal corner.,2

Saka takes a heavy touch before diving in on Fernandes, catching the United captain on the ankle with his studs. The winger is booked, and a VAR check decides there is no need to upgrade his card to a red one – there was no intent and the challenge was low to the ground.,2

Lindelof is deservedly booked for that challenge. Had it taken place in a more central area, the card may have been a different colour.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAL! ODEGAARD LEVELS IMMEDIATELY! United's lead is wiped out within two minutes! It comes from a flowing Arsenal move as Nketiah picks out Martinelli inside the area, and the Brazilian finds Odegaard with a cutback towards the edge of the box. Arsenal's captain steadies himself before firing into the bottom-right corner! Arsenal 1-1 Manchester United!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAL! RASHFORD SCORES FOR UNITED! The Red Devils score from their first touch in the Arsenal penalty area! Wan-Bissaka almost cedes possession to Martinelli in his own box, but Havertz then plays a sloppy pass straight to Eriksen. He slides a pass through for Rashford on the break, and the England man cuts inside White before firing a shot off the far post and in. 1-0!,1

GOOOAAALLLL!!!! MBAPPE LEVELS FOR PSG!!! The hosts' key man keeps his nerve, stepping up before firing his penalty into the back of the net. Pope guesses the right way, but the height on the spot-kick takes the ball into the back of the net to make it 1-1!,1

Pereira makes way for Ramos as Luis Enrique looks to bolster his attacking options by replacing a centre-half with a striker.,0

Lee is replaced by Asensio, a three-time Champions League winner with Real Madrid. His experience in the competition could prove crucial in these remaining minutes.,0

Luis Enrique looks to his bench for the first time as he tries to get his team back into the game. Ugarte is the first to make way, with Vitinha on in his place.,0

Gordon picks up the ball in his own half before a marauding run takes him deep into the heart of the PSG defence. He nips it past Skriniar, but he is prevented from reaching the hosts' box by the centre-back, who steps across him and picks up a yellow card.,2

Dembele goes in the book for bringing down Livramento as the pair battled for possession. That could prove pivotal, too, with that yellow card meaning Dembele will miss PSG's final group-stage game away at Dortmund.,2

Lee gives the ball away before cynically pulling back Guimaraes, receiving a yellow card for his troubles.,2

Ugarte goes in the book for a late challenge on Almiron in midfield. This has been a frustrating outing for PSG so far.,2

GOAL!!! ISAK GIVES NEWCASTLE THE LEAD!!! It all comes from excellent work by Livramento, whose mazy run keeps possession and pulls the PSG defence out of shape. He plays the ball back for Almiron, who tries to curl into the far corner, and though Donnarumma gets down to it, he parries straight into the path of Isak. This time, the striker makes no mistake, prodding into the back of the net to put the visitors 1-0 up!!!,1

Joelinton goes in the book for emphatically ending Hernandez's marauding run, sending him tumbling to the turf after advancing the ball a good 30 yards.,2

Tierney gets the better of Gallagher down the wing. Gallagher tugs the Scot down and takes the yellow card.,2

GOAL! CHELSEA 0-1 ARSENAL! The Gunners take the lead through Gabriel! Saka sends the corner into the centre. It bounces through everyone to the Arsenal centre-back who hooks the ball high into the net from close range!,1

Azpilicueta's shown the yellow card for catching Martinelli with a high foot. The Chelsea captain isn't happy with the decision.,2

Saka's booked for chopping down Cucurella seconds after the Spaniard nudges him off the ball. There's an interesting battle going on between that pair.,2

Aubameyang slides into White, catching his former team-mate on the top of his foot. Arsenal's former captain is deservedly booked.,2

Cagliari bring off Hatzidiakos straight after conceding that own goal, with Mateusz Wieteska on in a like-for-like defensive switch.,0

Samuel Iling-Junior is on late for Juventus, and will replace Cambiaso out wide for the final stages.,0

Shomurodov comes off having worked tirelessly up front for Cagliari, who bring on their late super-sub Nicolas Viola for the last 10 minutes. Can he make it three goals in three games during the final stages of this one?,0

Cagliari captain Nandez also comes off; Gabriele Zappa replacing him at right-back with the clock ticking towards full-time.,0

It's fast becoming now-or-never for Juventus, who bring on striker Arkadiusz Milik for defensive midfielder Locatelli late on in a clear statement of attacking intent.,0

Gaetano's penalty on the half-hour mark got things up and running for Cagliari, and he comes off now for Alessandro Deiola to see the game out in midfield.,0

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! It's a belter from Vlahovic!!! Both he and Chiesa stand over the Juventus free-kick, but it's the Serbian who strikes it, sending a shot curling around the four-man Cagliari wall and in off the left-hand post!!! Scuffet is left rooted to the spot, as Juventus halve the deficit to 2-1 with the third set-piece goal of the match!,1

Chiesa races in from the left to get on the end of a low cross-field pass, but is clipped right on the edge of the box by a sliding Nandez. The Cagliari captain is booked, and Juventus have a free-kick in a position which could make the last half-hour of this game very interesting indeed.,2

Shomurodov is dragged down from behind by Bremer as he looks to turn and sprint over halfway, and the Brazilian Juventus defender is shown a yellow card for the cynical foul.,2

Juventus manager Max Allegri is unsurprisingly making a change at the break, which sees Alcaraz replaced by young forward Kenan Yildiz.,0

Luvumbo's soon on the end of a card-worthy challenge himself, being hit very late indeed by Weah's wild lunge which the Juventus winger is lucky to only see yellow for!,2

Luvumbo brings down Alcaraz in midfield and prevents the taking of a quick Juventus free-kick, earning the Cagliari forward a textbook yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Different player, same outcome for Cagliari!!! It's the centre-back Mina who fancies this one, and just like Gaetano before him, the Colombian sends Szczesny the wrong way to find the bottom-left corner. 2-0 to the hosts in Sardinia, and the Unipol Domus is absolutely rocking!,1

Szczesny is shown a yellow card for that goal-preventing challenge, and things could be about to go from bad to worse for Juventus.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! Cagliari take a deserved 1-0 lead!! It's Gaetano who'll step up, and the on-loan Napoli forward makes no mistake with an inch-perfect penalty, sending Szczesny the wrong way as he buries it in the bottom-left corner!,1

Cadiz make another change. They could nick something from this now Atletico are down to 10 men. Espino goes off. Perea comes on.,0

RED CARD FOR ATLETICO! Serrano's dismissed for a tackle that's less egregious than Reinildo's was earlier. The substitute slides in on Fernandez in an attempt to win the ball. His foot is high, so the referee sends him off. He's only been on the pitch for five minutes!,3

Felix, one of Atletico's better players in this match, leaves the pitch too. Atletico bring on Serrano, their 19-year-old defensive midfielder.,0

Atletico substitution. Gimenez goes off out of precaution after taking that knock earlier. Felipe replaces him at centre-back.,0

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 2-1 CADIZ! Atletico take the lead again through De Paul! Llorente, who's returned to right wing-back since Correa's departure, plays a one-two with Correa to flash a low cross into Cadiz's box. It rebounds to Correa who forces a decent save from Ledesma. De Paul powers onto the loose ball and smashes it into the top left corner.,1

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-1 CADIZ! Negredo grabs Cadiz an equaliser just before half-time! The 36-year-old forward ghosts between Atletico's centre-backs to head Espino's right-footed cross into the bottom left corner. It's definitely deserved.,1

NO RED CARD FOR ATLETICO! On second viewing, Reinildo was entitled to go for the ball and did get a touch of it, but it was as two-footed a challenge as they come. Stunningly, the referee downgrades his red card to a yellow one. Simeone applauds the decision from the technical area.,2

Carrasco's the latest player to be booked for his reaction to Reinildo's foul on Sobrino. The game's not been that ill-tempered but it's flaring up at the moment.,2

De Paul's booked for hacking at Alcaraz once the defender has already passed back to a teammate. Cadiz send people forward for the free-kick, which will be from just over the halfway line.,2

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 CADIZ! That didn't take long! Ledesma makes a hash of a pass out from the back and Felix latches onto it in the box. The Portugal forward bears down on goal and beats the Cadiz goalkeeper at his near post from a tight angle.,1

Almiron notched Newcastle's equaliser, but is forced off with a wrist injury. Murphy replaces the winger.,0

Smith brings down Gordon as he tries to break past him. The Bournemouth full-back goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! ALMIRON EQUALISES FOR NEWCASTLE!!!!! 1-1!!!!!! Almiron scores on the rebound to equalise before the interval. Saint-Maximin starts the move as he bursts in from the left flank and offloads to Longstaff on the charge. He shoots low and hard on his left foot, forcing Neto into a fine stop. Almiron is there to pounce on the rebound and places his effort away from the keeper into the bottom-left corner. A huge goal for the Magpies.,1

Gordon enters the action to replace the injured Willock. Newcastle will have to change their system here.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SENESI HEADS BOURNEMOUTH IN FRONT!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! The Cherries take the lead as Senesi coasts in unmarked at the back post to steer home a close-range strike. Traore puts a dangerous cross into the box from a corner on the left. Ouattara rises to glance a header to the back post where Senesi turns the ball home.,1

DARMIAN BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0 TO INTER! The substitute wing-back makes his presence felt with an all-important goal, receiving a Hakimi pass before sprinting down the flank, cutting inside and slotting a shot into the far corner with ease!,1

Again when one coach makes a move, the other must reply. In this case, Verona answer Inter's alteration with a switch in defence, as Udogie replaces Dimarco. ,0

Conte makes a change in attack with less than 20 minutes to go in the match, with Martinez replaced by Sanchez.,0

Barak is shown a yellow card for pulling Martinez back as the striker was charging towards the penalty area.,2

A third change from Hellas Verona sees Tameze replaced by Salcedo - in a surprisingly attacking move from the visitors. ,0

Juric makes two changes at the half, both of which are defensive in nature. The first sees the booked Mangani replaced by Gunter.,0

Two of Verona’s three centre-backs have now been booked as Magnani is shown a yellow card for wrestling Lukaku to the ground on the near touchline.,2

A dangerous tackle is punished with a yellow card after Ceccherini’s raised boot caught the knee of a driving Martinez. Inter have a free-kick in great range for a strike at goal.,2

Walcott was at the centre of everything in the first half, but he's massively tailed off after the break and he's hooked for Bernard.,0

GOAAAL! JONES WITH A SCREAMER! That's absolutely phenomenal! He opens his body, picks his spot and curls a sublime strike into the top-right corner, taking a touch off the bar on the way in as well. That's gorgeous, simply gorgeous to make it 1-0 Liverpool. It's his first in senior football!,1

Although Liverpool lost Milner to injury in the first half, this is positive as Oxlade-Chamberlain makes his first appearance since leaving the Club World Cup on crutches. He replaces Minamino, who's impressed in patches.,0

And the second substitution sees Coleman come off for Kean - he's still waiting for his first Everton goal.,0

First yellow card of the game goes to Digne - he's dragged Elliott back as he raced on to a Williams throughball.,2

Milner can't continue and is replaced by Larouci for his debut. What a loss the 34-year-old will be if he's out for a length of time.,0

There'll be no hat-trick for Mbappe in this game, as the scorer of the first two goals, inside seven minutes, comes off for Mauro Icardi.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Never in doubt!!! Messi steps up and fires the ball into the bottom right corner, straight past an unmoved Mignolet to make it 4-1!!! Surely no way back for Brugge now?,1

Balanta's industrious performance in midfield has also been good, as Noah Mbamba-Muanda comes on in his place.,0

No sooner has Rits scored to get Brugge back into the game, he's then taken off! Ruud Vormer comes on in his place.,0

GOOOOALLLLL!!!!! Brugge have one back!!! Lang steams forward again under little pressure from PSG, and he carries the ball into the box. He tees up an unmarked Rits to his right, who places a lovely finish into the far corner and past Donnarumma! 3-1, and is the comeback on?,1

N'Soki is fouled and wins a free-kick, which Lang takes before the referee's whistle. He's booked for that indiscretion, which is soft to say the least.,2

Le Ketelaere collects a diagonal ball from Balanta, and does even better to get around Kehrer, who brings down the Brugge striker and is booked.,2

GOOOOOOAALLLLLLLL!!!!!! THERE IT IS!!!!! It's number three for PSG, and it's Messi who gets his goal!!!! Mbappe speeds past Hendry at lightning pace on the left and finds Messi hurtling forward. He beats a few defenders, and fires a curling effort past Mignolet from the edge of the box!!! What a goal, and what a pair of footballers.,1

GOOOOALLLL!!!! IT'S TWOOOOOO!!!!! PSG pass the ball around and through Brugge like they're invisible, and Di Maria dinks a lofted cross into the box. Mbappe's waiting, and he volleys a fantastic finish straight past Mignolet and into the back of the net! 2-0 up inside just seven minutes!!!,1

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLL!!!!! WHAT A START FOR PSG!!!! Mbappe and Mendes link up down the left, and Mignolet doesn't deal at all well with the latter's cross. Mbappe, of course, is following up the ball, and he places it into the far corner to make it 1-0 to PSG!!! 70 seconds in, and PSG lead already!,1

Palace make their second change as Townsend replaces Ayew. Ayew has put in a good shift today but lacked any real threat in the final third.,0

West Brom make their first substitution as Pereira is replaced by Robson-Kanu as they look to find an equaliser.,0

GOALLL! After a short VAR check, the penalty is given and Milivojevic makes no mistake from the penalty spot. Johnstone went the wrong way and Palace take the lead ten minutes before half time.,1

After another strong shift in support of Antonio, Bowen is replaced by the defensive presence of Dawson for West Ham.,0

West Ham opt to withdraw Benrahma and bring Lanzini on to provide fresh legs in an advanced midfield role.,0

Ndombele has shown flickers of his vast potential, but is now replaced by Lo Celso for the final few minutes.,0

Reguilon is being brought off by Nuno Espirito Santo, and Gil is thrown on to add more attacking threat.,0

THE HAMMERS BREAK THE DEADLOCK! West Ham take the lead through Antonio's sixth career goal against Spurs, as he prods home from the corner, evading the attentions of Kane in the six-yard box. A frantic final 20 minutes could ensue: West Ham 1-0 Tottenham!,1

Following some minor scuffles between opposing players, Romero is eventually booked for his part in the confrontation with Fornals.,2

Bakayoko runs to the referee claiming he was hit in the face by Caicedo but the Milan player is the one who picks up a yellow card for dissent.,2

Milan go from protesting the lack of yellow cards to complaining about the awarding of one after Musacchio brought down Immobile.,2

Tactical change from Gattuso who replaces defender Caldara with striker Cutrone. Milan should revert to a back four after the switch.,0

GOOOALLLLL!!!! LAZIO TAKE THE LEAD! From the Milan corner, the visitors broke at pace and wound up with a three on two. Immobile drifted inside and then played the ball to Correa in space who kept his cool, and slotted the ball under a charging Reina. Brilliant move that! AC Milan 0-1 Lazio,1

There's a loose ball in midfield and Felipe slides to get there first, but contacts Romagnoli first and the former is shown the first yellow card of the match.,2

What are you doing? Skytta bursts past Hernandez before the PSG full-back dives on the ball, using his hands to stop the Toulouse man from progressing. The France left-back goes into the book for that cynical passage of play.,2

Skriniar is unable to continue after hurting his left ankle when clearing in front of Sierro. Luis Enrique makes a big statement with his change, sending on Beraldo for his debut. The young defender only arrived from Sao Paulo earlier this week.,0

Owing to the depth of attacking talent on his bench, Luis Enrique also sends on Kolo Muani for the energetic Barcola, who claimed the assist for Mbappe's fine individual goal.,0

Now, Luis Enrique takes his chance to change things up. The impressive Dembele, who has only just returned from injury, makes way for Asensio.,0

Vitinha is shown the first yellow card of the game for a late challenge on Gelabert on the halfway line. The Toulouse midfielder will require some brief medical attention after that hefty tackle.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! WHAT AN INDIVIDUAL STRIKE FROM MBAPPE! PSG double their lead and make it 2-0 on the stroke of half-time after a sensational run from their superstar forward. Barcola touches inside from the left flank, allowing Mbappe to drive between two players and hold Diarra off before powering a right-footed attempt into the bottom-right corner. Restes cannot react quick enough and Luis Enrique’s side are in cruise control now!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-0 TO LUIS ENRIQUE’S MEN! It is all too easy for PSG, who open the scoring after just three minutes. Vitinha angles a delightful diagonal pass for Dembele to side-foot a right-footed volley back towards the far post. Lee ghosts into space before guiding a left-footed finish past the stranded Restes. The French champions are already on top at Parc des Princes!,1

Lenglet is on for Pique, who hobbles off the pitch. It's not a good sign for the Catalan club ahead of El Clasico at the weekend.,0

OFF! Vidal receives two yellow cards in the space of a second. One for the challenge on Rui and the other for the aforementioned headbutt on the defender. He's not happy, but he has to go. He receives quite a send from the home supporters.,3

Vidal and Rui have a melee at the end of the game. The Barcelona man slides in hard on the Napoli left-back and goes into the book for the challenge, but the two go nose-to-nose. Vidal makes a headbutt notion. More could be coming...,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! GRIEZMANN EQUALISES!!!! 1-1!! Barcelona are back in the game as Griezmann converts from close range. Busquets releases the run of Semedo down the right inside channel and he times his run to perfection. The Portuguese sends a low cross into the middle for the unmarked Griezmann, who hammers a right-footed effort past Ospina.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MERTENS SCORES A STUNNER!!!!!! 1-0 NAPOLI!!!! The home side take the lead through an incisive break and super finish from Mertens. Zielinski robs Firpo of possession and charges forward into the right inside channel. He cuts a low ball back towards the edge of the box for the Belgian. Mertens takes one touch before curling his effort away from Ter Stegen into the top-right corner.,1

Bellerin is carried off the field on a stretcher and replaced by Elneny. Maitland-Niles will likely drop back into Bellerin's position and Elneny will move into the midfield.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KOSCIELNY DOUBLES ARSENAL'S LEAD!!! 2-0!!! The Gunners extend their advantage over the visitors with a huge slice of fortune. Chelsea fail to clear their lines from the free-kick and Sokratis sends a follow-up into the six-yard box. Koscielny has acres of space and meets the cross. However, he connects with his shoulder rather than his head, but it spins favourably for Arsenal away from Arrizabalaga and towards the top corner to find the net.,1

David Luiz flies into a challenge with Ramsey and goes into the book. The Brazilian hands Arsenal another set-piece to threaten from in the Chelsea half.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LACAZETTE BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!! 1-0 ARSENAL!! The pressure from the home side pays off and Lacazette displays a clinical edge to find the back of the net. Bellerin fired a low cross into the box and the Frenchman took a great first touch to create space for a strike. From a tight angle he fired his effort between Arrizabalaga and the post to put his team ahead.,1

GOALLL!!! BARCELONA!! LEWANDOWSKI!! All of sudden Barcelona have a glimpse of hope as Lewandowski heads the ball past Remiro. The goal comes from nothing as Torres sends in a cross, but the striker does well to win the duel and score. It is now 1-2 Sociedad.,1

Sorloth's game is over as he makes way for Fernandez. The Norweigan striker will certainly be a contender for man of the match.,0

GOALLL!!! 2-0 SOCIEDAD!! SORLOTH!! The visitors finally score again on the break as Sorloth taps home to double Sociedad’s lead! Zubimendi takes the ball off De Jong to trigger a counter-attack. Kubo plays it back to the midfielder, who then passes to Sorloth in the box for an easy finish.,1

GOALL!!! 1-0 SOCIEDAD!! MERINO!!! The visitors catch the Barcelona defence sleeping as Merino puts them ahead! Sorloth dispossess Kounde and dribbles toward the penalty area. He squares the ball to the goalscorer, who finishes through the legs of Ter Stegen.,1

Gordon comes off to a hero’s ovation from the home supporters. Targett will get a brief bit of action.,0

WHAT A GOOOOOOOOOAALLLLLLLLLLLL! St. James’ Park has a perfect ending to one of its most memorable games. Schar has been brilliant at the back against PSG, but he has a goal to go with it. The centre-back intercepts in midfield, exchanging a one-two with Murphy, before blasting a right-footed strike into the top-right corner from outside the area. 4-1 to the Magpies!,1

Almiron, scorer of the opening goal, goes down holding his ankle and Howe takes immediate action by sending on Murphy.,0

A loose ball slides around the left-hand side before Gordon lunges into a diving challenge on Marquinhos. The Newcastle winger suggests it was a fair tackle, but is still shown a yellow card.,2

Seemingly playing advantage from a previous tackle on the far side, referee Kovacs comes back to caution Dembele when the ball goes out for a PSG corner.,2

Tonali, who has only just returned from injury, makes his way off to rapturous applause. Anderson is the man to come on.,0

Ugarte brings down Guimaraes and that will be his last action, as Vitinha replaces the PSG midfielder.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! PSG PULL ONE BACK! Dembele cuts inside before the visitors work possession towards Zaire-Emery. The teenage midfielder spots the run of Hernandez, who surges into the area before flicking a deft header past Pope and into the bottom-right corner. The VAR has a quick check before confirming the goal can stand. Newcastle lead 3-1!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 3-0 NEWCASTLE! The Magpies are living their European dream as local hero Longstaff extends their lead. Trippier speeds down the right-hand side before finding the midfielder, who lashes a right-footed strike towards the near post from inside the area. Donnarumma should do better diving down to his right but the ferocious effort bursts through his grasp and into the back of the net!,1

Exquisite one-touch football sets Newcastle away on the counter-attack as Burn plays through for Tonali. However, the referee has seen something in the background and blows for a PSG free-kick. Guimaraes is cautioned for tripping Skriniar off the ball.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 2-0 NEWCASTLE! The wait is over as the VAR overturns the original on-field decision and awards the goal. Guimaraes was thought to be offside on the left of the area as the ball cannoned around the area, before the Brazil midfielder found Burn at the back post for a header that Donnarumma could not keep out. The officials were also checking for a handball against Lascelles in the phase before, but neither are given!,1

Hernandez is shown the first yellow card of the game for clipping the heels of Almiron, who was racing down the inside right-hand channel and towards the edge of the area for a promising chance.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! St. James’ Park erupts into wild hysteria as Almiron fires Howe’s hosts into the lead. A loose pass from Marquinhos towards the edge of his own area sees Guimaraes head through for Isak, whose powerful first-time finish is parried away by Donnarumma. Almiron is there with a follow-up attempt, though, curling an expert left-footed finish into the bottom-left corner.,1

Mbappe picks up a rather comical yellow card for pushing the ball over the line with his hand after the whistle had already been blown.,2

The referee dishes out a yellow card to Rajkovic for shoving Mbappe to the ground. The home fans are unhappy with the decision.,2

Verratti, somewhat harshly, is booked for taking too long to leave the field. He points out that he had to hand over the captain's armband before exiting the pitch.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! REIMS 0-3 PSG!!!!! KOUASSI KILLS OFF THE TIE! Paredes' impressive volley from outside the box is pushed onto the post by Rajkovic and substitute Kouassi is quickest to react for a simple finish. Game over!,1

REIMS ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Munetsi catches Verratti from behind and is shown a red card. It was far from malicious so that, on the face of it, appears to be a harsh decision.,3

Draxler tries to keep the ball in play but instead catches Abdelhamid from behind. The referee reaches into his pocket for the first time today.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! REIMS 0-1 PSG!!! MARQUINHOS OPENS THE SCORING! Neymar pretty much failed to beat the first man from PSG's first three corners, but he goes deep from this fourth one and Marquinhos gets on the end of it. The visiting skipper outjumps Munetsi and sends a header past Rajkovic.,1

GOAAALLL - MANCHESTER CITY 5-0 COPENHAGEN - Alvarez gets his goal, and he could not miss from point-blank range. Grealish did all the work as he carried the ball into the box before playing in Mahrez. The Algeria international cut his pass back into Alvarez, who tapped in from five yards out. Just when Copenhagen appear close to scoring, City put them back in their place.,1

EASY! MANCHESTER CITY 4-0 COPENHAGEN - Mahrez marks his 200th appearance for Manchester City with a goal, which is his first of the season. Grabara committed himself to the opposite corner, allowing Mahrez to smash the ball into the bottom left corner.,1

The referee spots a blatant foul from Stamenic in the penalty area as he brings down Laporte in the penalty area. It will be Mahrez to take the spot-kick...,2

GOAAAALLL - MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 COPENHAGEN - Make that 28 goals in 22 Champions League appearances for Haaland as he taps into an empty net from a corner. Cancelo's powerful shot from the edge of the box was palmed away by Grabara, but he could only tee up Haaland, who waited to set himself before tapping home. So easy for the former Borussia Dortmund man!,1

GOAAAALLL - MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 COPENHAGEN - Who else? Haaland opens the scoring for the home side as he converts Cancelo's cross into the bottom corner. The Copenhagen defence switched off, and Haaland curled his effort past Grabara.,1

GOALLLLLLLL!!! HAT-TRICK FOR MESSI!!! BARCELONA HAVE FOUR!!! The Argentine completes his hat-trick with a fine finish from the inside right channel. Suarez releases his team-mate with a precise throughball, sending him behind the PSV backline. Messi holds his composure and buries a right-footed effort past Zoet into the bottom corner. A brilliant finish from the forward.,1

RED CARD! Umtiti blocks off the run of Lozano and the referee shows him a second yellow card. A needless dismissal for the Frenchman as his side have the three points in hand.,3

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI KILLS OFF THE CONTEST!! BARCELONA 3-0!!! The Argentine notches his second of the contest to secure the three points. Rakitic lifts a ball over the top of the PSV backline and Messi times his run to perfection to latch on to the offload. Messi takes on the strike first time and buries his effort into the bottom corner, leaving Zoet with no chance.,1

GOALLLLLLL!!!!!! DEMBELE SCORES A STUNNER!!! BARCELONA 2-0!!!! The Catalan club kill off the game as the Frenchman scores a brilliant individual goal. Dembele turns out of two challenges with a neat piece of skill, leaving the PSV defence rooted to the spot. He reaches the edge of the box before bending a pinpoint effort past the hand of Zoet into the bottom corner. A fantastic effort from Dembele.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI OPENS THE SCORING!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! Messi hands Barcelona the lead with an incredible strike. He bends his effort over the wall towards the top corner. Messi's strike is always curling away from Zoet and it beats the keeper's outstretched hand to find the top corner.,1

Neves has put in a real shift in midfield this evening. Nuno replaces him with Saiss for the final few minutes. ,0

Lukaku has worked hard all night, but he's struggled to have much of an impact. Solskjaer replaces him with Martial. ,0

ASHLEY YOUNG IS SENT OFF! Wolves press high and win the ball off United near the halfway line. Young lunges in on Jota and catches him on the inside of his shin with his studs. Mike Dean wastes no time showing him a second yellow card and United are down to 10.,3

Young continues to struggle with Jota. This time the Manchester United man trips him and is shown a yellow card. ,2

Vinagre causes problems for United down the left wing again and is brought down by Dalot. The referee shows Dalot a yellow card. ,2

Young's inswinging delivery is headed clear at the near post. Jota is brought down by Shaw deep inside the United half as Wolves counter. Shaw is shown a yellow card. ,2

GOAAAL! JOTA MAKES IT 1-1! United play themselves into trouble as they pass out from the back. Fred loses the ball and Jimenez measures a perfect throughball to Jota behind the defence. Jota breaks the offside trap and slides a right-footed shot past De Gea. ,1

MCTOMINAY PUTS UNITED AHEAD! McTominay is given a bit of space 25 yards out. He takes a touch, gets the ball out from under his feet and fires a right-footed shot into the bottom left corner. ,1

Winger Correa is brought off and on in his place is Partey. Simeone thinking defensively with that sub!,0

Lemar has been unable to back up his performance from the UEFA Super Cup tonight. After a quiet 63 minutes he makes way for Vitolo.,0

GOAAALLLL Valencia 1-1 Atletico Madrid. Rodrgio thumps it home from close range to draw his team level. Valencia turned up the pressure after Atletico conceded a throw-in and Rodrigo keeps his cool inside the box. The left-footer chests it down and fires into the roof of the net, with Oblak left helpless from six yards out.,1

Atletico right-back Juanfran goes into the book and despite arguing the referee gives the free kick to Valencia.,2

Centre-back Garay is the second man into the referee's book and it does not come as a surprise. Costa breaks forward and looks destined for the box but he is clipped from behind by the Valencia man.,2

GOAAALLLLLL Valencia 0-1 Atletico - Correa opens the scoring thanks to a composed finish inside the box. Atletico reached the edge of the box after a good passage of play and Griezmann's through ball carves open the defence. Correa stays onside before opening up his body to fire past Neto. ,1

That’s silly from Kovacic. The Chelsea midfielder reacts badly after Azpilicueta conceded a foul, and receives a booking.,2

A booking now for Pedro, who cynically stopped a Burnley counter by purposely handling in the middle of the park.,2

Chelsea have made their third and final change. Higuain, who scored a fantastic goal in the first half, has made way for Giroud.,0

There has been a change by Chelsea at half-time. Kante, who scored their first goal, has been replaced by Kovacic. The France midfielder sustained an injury in the first half.,0

A first booking of the game has been awarded Heaton's way, with Burnley's goalkeeper seeing yellow for time wasting. There has been just over half-an-hour played...,2

GOAL! BURNLEY ARE LEVEL! It’s 2-2, as this extraordinary game continues to unravel at Stamford Bridge. Dreadful Chelsea defending from a set-piece allows Mee to head a ball back across goal, with Wood helping it into the path of Barnes, who stabs in from point-blank range.,1

GOAL! HIGUAIN MAKES IT 2-1! Well, we had an incredible start between Manchester City and Tottenham in the Champions League last week, with four goals in the first 12 minutes, and these teams are almost keeping up with that epic clash. Chelsea have the lead, with Higuain having bundled his way through, combining with Azpilicueta before hammering past Heaton.,1

KANTE DRAWS CHELSEA LEVEL! It’s 1-1 now, and just a moment after I stated Chelsea looked to have lost their earlier impetus, Hazard comes up with a bit of magic to tee up their equaliser. The Belgian twisted and turned his way away from his marker before laying back a neat pass, and Kante was there waiting to send a rasping strike into the roof of the net.,1

WHAT. A. GOAL! Against the run of play, it is 1-0 to Burnley, courtesy of a fantastic volley by Hendrick. Chelsea only managed to clear a corner to the edge of the box, and Hendrick was there, unmarked, to thump it back at goal, giving Kepa no chance.,1

Cambiaghi comes off in the final minute of injury time, with Nicola trusting Marin to maintain the tie.,0

Weah's mistimed sliding tackle on Maleh earns the substitute a late yellow card - the third booking of the game.,2

Fazzini will see out the remainder of the match in Zurkowski's place, as Empoli make a substitution as we approach injury time.,0

Looking to give Vlahovic a partner, Yildiz is introduced for Kostic, which will push Weah further out wide into a wing-back role.,0

Juventus continue to make changes with all three points still a potential outcome. Iling is sent into the action while Cambiaso is recalled to the bench.,0

PARITY RESTORED! 1-1! It takes just 14 minutes for the substitute to make his mark, with Baldanzi receiving a pass from Luperto on the edge of the 18-yard box before firing a low shot to the far corner that somehow manages to evade the crowd of bodies and find its way past the goalkeeper!,1

VLAHOVIC BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Miretti's corner-kick is met by Gatti, who prods it forward using his head for Vlahovic. The Serbia international sees it the whole way, meeting the ball with a spectacular over-the-shoulder volley from close range to give the hosts the lead!,1

Walukiewicz fails to escape the attention of the referee as he’s shown a yellow card for a heavy challenge on Miretti in midfield.,2

HE’S OFF! RED CARD! After taking a second look at the incident, the referee comes back onto the pitch to overturn his yellow card, before showing Milik a red for his earlier tackle on Cerri! Juventus will be down to 10 men for the remainder of the game!,3

FRATTESI!!! 2-1 INTER! The Nerazzurri have surely won it! Inter continue to threaten and Lautaro lets fly from the edge of the box with a fierce attempt that Okoye tips onto the post. Unfortunately for the Udinese goalkeeper, the ball ricochets across the six-yard box for Frattesi to tap into the empty net and snatch all three points.,1

Lautaro blocks the run of Ebosele and receives a yellow card that rules him out of Inter's match against Cagliari on Sunday.,2

Penalised for catching Pereyra during an aerial challenge, Pavard is booked for the frustration he subsequently directed towards the referee.,2

Udinese are also forced into their final substitution. Lovric, who picked up a knock, is unable to continue and limps off to be replaced by Ebosele.,0

Pereyra is deemed to have left his foot in late on Pavard, and the referee books the Udinese skipper.,2

Calhanoglu, whose penalty brought Inter level, makes way as Inzaghi introduces Sanchez to boost the visitors' attack.,0

Inter make two changes. Mkhitaryan is given a rest in the first of these with Frattesi taking his place.,0

CALHANOGLU SCORES!!! INTER ARE LEVEL! 1-1! The midfielder steps up to the spot and confidently sweeps the ball beyond the dive of Okoye, and into his bottom-right corner.,1

SAMARDZIC!!! 1-0 UDINESE! The hosts lead, albeit completely against the run of play! And it is a howler for Sommer and Dumfries, whose lapse in communication sees Samardzic's deflected cross trickle aimlessly into the flat-footed goalkeeper's bottom-right corner.,1

The final substitution of the day for Bournemouth is in midfield as Jefferson Lerma is removed in favour of Lewis Cook.,0

EDEN HAZARD DOUBLES THE LEAD! It’s as simple as can be, with Hazard getting into the area and finding Alonso with a pass, who waits for a second before slipping a return ball through the defence back to Hazard. From there, it’s a simple finish as Begovic doesn’t open his body wide enough. 2-0 Chelsea!,1

Eddie Howe uses his first switch of the match, hoping Jordon Ibe will provide the necessary attacking impetus. Adam Smith is the man to make way.,0

Chelsea's final substitution is in midfield as Mateo Kovacic is withdrawn in favour of Ruben Loftus-Cheek.,0

PEDRO BREAKS THE DEADLOCK AND IT’S 1-0 CHELSEA! Marcos Alonso finds Pedro in front of the penalty area and the Spain winger plays a lovely, quick interchange with Giroud before taking a couple touches and dispatching a shot! The effort takes a slight deflection and squirms just out of Begovic’s reach and into the bottom corner! Chelsea lead!,1

Jefferson Lerma is shown a yellow card in his first Premier League start for a cynical foul in midfield in an attempt to break up play.  ,2

Pedro is on for Willian in Chelsea’s second substitution of the match as Maurizio Sarri searches for a way to win the match with less than 30 minutes to play.,0

Alvaro Morata will watch the final half hour of the match from the comfort of the substitute’s bench as Maurizio Sarri opts to send Olivier Giroud on in his stead. ,0

N’Golo Kante is shown a yellow card for stopping Callum Wilson’s mazy run towards goal illegally. Bournemouth have a free-kick in a dangerous central position.,2

Marcos Alonso picks up Chelsea’s first card of the match – a yellow for a reckless challenge in midfield to stop a counter-attack.,2

Gosling takes one for the team and takes down Hazard just outside the penalty area after the diminutive Belgian’s slaloming run almost takes him in front of Begovic in the box. Gosling is shown a yellow card for his offence. ,2

Bremen are pressing now, but Bayern stand firm, with Selassie seeing two crosses cleared. Lewandowski then holds up the ball upfield, drawing a heavy challenge from Langkamp, who receives a booking.,2

RED CARD! Bayern are down to 10! Well, this has not gone according to script for the champions-elect, with their excellent young left-back receiving a yellow card after he was deemed to have purposefully blocked off Veljkovic.,3

Eggestein is furious after he is penalised for a challenge on Davies, who went down clutching his face. Despite his protests, Bremen’s midfielder receives a booking.,2

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! BAYERN TAKE THE LEAD! One chance is all Lewandowski needs! Boating plays a superb pass over the top of Bremen’s defence, with Lewandowski bringing it down expertly on his chest before drilling beyond Pavlenka on the turn.,1

Vitinha scored the second goal of the game, as well as being involved in the first. He is now coming off, with Gharbi coming on for the final moments.,0

GOALLLL! RUIZ SCORES! 3-1 PSG! That must be game over now. Sanches feeds the ball down the left side of the box into the feet of Mbappe, with the forward having his shot saved by Gallon. However, it only goes as far as Ruiz, who rushes onto it before curling his effort against the post and past the goalkeeper.,1

GOALLLL! TROYES GET ONE BACK! 2-1! Troyes still have a chance of getting something out of this game. Yade's cross finds Chavalerin in the middle of the box. He gets there before Donnarumma and heads his effort into the net.,1

Troyes make a switch. Ugbo has had a couple of chances to score, but they both came before the break. Lopes is on.,0

PSG make their first couple of changes of the game. Ekitike has had six shots but has failed to find the back of the net. However, he has done well to hold the ball and bring others into play. Soler replaces him.,0

Verratti has been the best player on the pitch and is now coming off for a well-deserved rest. Sanches takes his place in the midfield.,0

Troyes make a couple of changes to try and change the momentum of the game. Agoume is replaced by Kouame, with the midfielder back from suspension.,0

GOALLLL! VITINHA SCORES! 2-0 PSG! Another fortunate goal for PSG, but they deserve it after dominating the game. Verratti does brilliantly to find Vitinha with a curling cross from outside the box. Vitinha’s header is saved, but it rebounds off the PSG man and into the net.,1

Balde is shown the first yellow card of the game after sliding down Ramos from behind. The former Real Madrid man looks to be in some pain, but gets back to his feet after a short time on the floor.,2

GOALLLLL! MBAPPE SCORES! 1-0 PSG! The goal is lucky but PSG will not care. Vitinha gets the ball on the right and looks to curl a cross into the box. However, it deflects off Palmer-Brown on the way through and hits the top of the bar. The ball does not go off the pitch and drops straight to Mbappe, who heads it in from close range.,1

BAYERN SURELY WIN IT! After Sane sees his shot saved and Bayern's chance appears to have vanished, Musiala seizes the moment! The young substitute strikes low and hard from the edge of the box, and his strike unerringly finds the bottom-right corner! Die Roten lead 2-1 in Cologne and are only moments away from sealing yet another Bundesliga crown!,1

Bayern now make their final two changes. First, Tel replaces Goretzka, who only arrived from the bench himself not long ago.,0

KOLN PULL LEVEL! Calmly, Ljubicic strides forward and strokes his penalty into the bottom-left corner; leaving Sommer well beaten! Suddenly, Bayern's grip on the Meisterschale has slipped a little!,1

Choupo-Moting returns from a long layoff to lead the Bayern line up front. Coman is withdrawn, having potentially scored the title-winning goal.,0

Koln make a triple substitution just after the hour mark. First, Schmitz - who has been booked - is replaced by Huseinbasic.,0

For a knee-high sliding challenge on Coman out wide, Schmitz receives the game's first booking. That was a straightforward decision for the referee.,2

BAYERN TAKE THE LEAD!! The crowd is quietened, as Sane strides through the centre and sweeps a ball out to the left for Coman, who then cuts inside and steers a brilliant finish into the top right corner! 1-0! A superb strike for his eighth league goal of the campaign, and could that be the one which secures the Meisterschale for Bayern?,1

Last change for Fulham now, and 17-year-old Harris comes on to make his Premier League debut. He's on for Pereira.,0

Fulham are making their first changes now. Reed, who opened the scoring for the hosts, is the first to go off, with Cairney replacing him.,0

Villa have been waiting to make this change since Luiz's sending off, and they've finally got the chance. Ings goes off for Dendoncker, and it hasn't gone down well with the away fans.,0

MITROVIC SCORES! It wasn't an overly convincing penalty, but that won't matter to Fulham! Mitrovic opens his foot and is trying to slot it into the bottom right corner. Martinez goes the right way and gets a lot on it, but the ball bounces under him and over the line. 2-0 Fulham!,1

HE'S OFF! Villa are down to 10 men! The referee goes over to the monitor to have a look at the replays himself. He deems that Luiz did lean in as if to headbutt Mitrovic, and he's shown a straight red card. Things are going from bad to worse for Villa here!,3

Willian is on the floor again, this time because of Mings' trip. The defender is booked for the challenge.,2

Willian cuts in front of Bailey, and he clips the Brazilian's heels in an attempt to stop him. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Villa are making a change at the break. Cash is coming in to help deal with Willian's threat, with Konsa moving to centre-back as Bednarek goes off.,0

REED SCORES! Pereira's cross is punched away by Martinez at the near post, but he only gets it as far as Reed on the edge of the box. He has time to bring it down, pick out where he wants it, and lifts his shot over Martinez into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Fulham!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHOUPO-MOTING SCORES THIS TIME!!! 6-0!! PSG notch their sixth goal of the evening as Choupo-Moting converts from close range. Cavani and Draxler combine down the left flank to tee up Sarabia. His low effort is saved by Lutumba, but Choupo-Moting pounces on the rebound and does enough to bundle his strike over the line away from the boot of the keeper.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SARABIA NOTCHES A FOURTH FOR PSG!!!! 4-0!! The Ligue 1 champions are pouring it on now. Cavani collects Sarabia's pass and runs into the box with meance. He spots the winger in space in the middle and offloads his team-mate. Sarabia takes a touch before burying his strike into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SARABIA NOTCHES A FOURTH FOR PSG!!!! 4-0!! The Ligue 1 champions are pouring it on now. Cavani collects Sarabia's pass and runs into the box with meance. He spots the winger in space in the middle and offloads his team-mate. Sarabia takes a touch before burying his strike into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! PSG SCORE AGAIN!!! 3-0!!!! Cavani is presented with the simplest of finishes from close range after Draxler does all the work for the third. The German runs at the Linas-Montlhery defence and releases the run of the forward. Tsota slides in with a clearing challenge, but Draxler follows it up and regains possession. He slides a pass to Cavani two yards out and the Uruguayan places his effort into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CAVANI SCORES!!! PSG 2-0!! The visitors are ruthless on the counter to punish Kanoute's miss. Draxler surges down the left flank and into the box before he cuts the ball back for Cavani. The forward strikes his effort low first time with his left foot and it travels past Lutumba into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PSG TAKE THE LEAD!!! 1-0!!! The visitors get the breakthrough at last. Dagba causes chaos down the right with a neat one-two with Herrera. He cuts the ball back for Aouchiche, who fakes the first strike to draw the slide from Tsota. He then has space and time to pick his spot, blasting a left-footed attempt into the corner.,1

Wagner is given six minutes plus stoppage time to get himself on the scoresheet, replacing Lewandowski up front.,0

GOAL!! Lewandowski makes it 2-0 to Bayern! AEK's resistance is well and truly broken now. The Bundesliga giants stroke the ball around the penalty area with ease, moving their opponents around before Rafinha squares for Lewandowski to tap into an empty net! ,1

GOAL!! BAYERN MUNICH ARE AHEAD! It's finally 1-0 to the visitors, and the goal comes from an unlikely source! Hummels plays a square ball to Robben following a corner, and the Dutchman's shot is blocked, but falls kindly for Martinez, who volleys home emphatically from inside the box! It's 1-0 to Bayern! ,1

LEVERKUSEN LEAD! Diaby times his run perfectly as Aranguiz plays his pass and cuts across Helander on the edge of the box. He chests it down before firing his shot past McGregor and into the roof of the net. 1-0 Leverkusen! (4-1 on aggregate).,1

Gagliardini's afternoon is over, though he'll come out of the game with a goal to his name. Sensi will play out the final 20 minutes. ,0

LUKAKU GETS A SECOND! INTER’S FOURTH! Candreva finds Lukaku just inside the penalty area, and the striker shifts it onto his left foot, before smashing a thunderbolt into the far corner! Radu had no chance at full-stretch!,1

CONFIDENCE FROM ESPOSITO WHO, WHO MAKES IT 3-0! Lukaku allows the 17-year old striker the opportunity to score his first goal for Inter, which he does with absolute glee. He dispatches the spot-kick into the bottom-left corner, though Radu guessed correctly.,1

PENALTY TO INTER! Agudelo gets the wrong side of Gagliardini and brings him down clumsily! The Genoa player will have no complaints as he’s shown a yellow card and gives Inter a chance to go up by three.,2

Bastoni receives a card for fouling his man in an attempt to get back into position after being brought higher up the pitch for the majority of Inter’s time on the attack.,2

TWO GOALS IN TWO MINUTES! Genoa are collapsing! Lukaku backs into Romero and lays it off to Gagliardini after a long throw-in, and the midfielder absolutely smashes a first-time strike into the corner of the goal! Radu attempted to make the stop, but got taken into the goal with the shot!,1

INTER GET THE BREAKTHROUGH 31 MINUTES IN! Candreva brings play to a stop on the right and stands over the ball, before scooping a cross into the penalty area for Lukaku, who gets across his man and heads it into the bottom corner! 1-0!,1

Villa are glad to see the back of Enciso. They now have to deal with the different threat Mitoma offers.,0

Villa see out the corner. Brighton surge forward and Digne gets a foul out of Gross on the left wing. Buonanotte's booked for protesting the decision.,2

Brighton make two half-time changes. They're not taking this possible defeat lying down. Estupinan replaces Veltman first.,0

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 2-1 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION! Brighton pull a goal back through a well-worked free-kick! Undav controls Gross' direct ball from deep and slots it calmly past Martinez.,1

Villa's corner comes to nothing, so Brighton try to break. Mings slides in to stop Buonanotte and earn himself a yellow card.,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 2-0 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION! Watkins finishes a brilliant counter to double Villa's lead! McGinn dispossesses Mac Allister and Bailey immediately frees Ramsey who's closed down by Steele. He unselfishly squares the ball for his striker, who slots into an empty net.,1

Ramsey's the latest player to be booked for a cynical foul on Ayari. This has been a feisty affair so far.,2

Cash steams into the back of Enciso and chops him down. The Poland right-back is shown the yellow card.,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 1-0 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION! Villa have the lead they need! Ramsey powers down the left and finds Luiz with a clever cutback in the box. The Brazilian steadies himself to steer the ball calmly into the far bottom corner.,1

Mittelstadt is booked for a high foot in the run-up to Selke's run upfield. That was good refereeing to let play continue.,2

Bayern take the free-kick quickly, and put Pavard into trouble. The centre-back brings down Leckie right on the edge of Bayern's box. Pavard is booked.,2

This is surprising - Lukebakio makes way for Germany U21 striker Selke. Maybe Covic thinks the Belgian's run out of puff.,0

Hertha make the first change of the game before taking the free-kick, as Ibisevic is replaced by Esswein. The Bosnian furiously hurls his shinpads to the ground down on the touchline. It's no surprise he's frustrated.,0

GOAL! 2-2 BAYERN! Lewandowski steps up and makes no mistake from the spot, dispatching the penalty kick past Jarstein. Hertha may have a long last half hour in store.,1

GOAL! 2-1 HERTHA! What are Bayern playing at?! The champions fail to deal with a routine long ball and Grujic is through on goal. The midfielder rounds Neuer and taps the ball in.,1

AND HERTHA SCORE! 1-1! It's Lukebakio again! Bayern's hat-trick tormentor last season shows up once more. This one's a bit of a fluke. The Belgian drifts in from the flank and takes a left-footed shot from range which deflects past Neuer into the net.,1

GOAL! 1-0 BAYERN! Lewandowski opens his Bundesliga account for 2019-20 as Hertha push too far forward after giving away the throw. Bayern counter-attack and Gnabry rolls the ball across goal for the Pole to slide in.,1

Darida is booked for holding onto Coman a little too much. The free-kick from the left is lofted towards Muller at the far post but his header is saved by Jarstein.,2

Here's that Arsenal change and it's an attacking one. Guendouzi goes off for Arsenal's youth product Saka.,0

Hernandez outwits Chambers by flicking the ball over his head. The Arsenal full-back responds by blocking his path. Chambers gets booked as a result.,2

GOAL! 2-2 ARSENAL! Byram puts the ball out for yet another Arsenal corner. This time Norwich can't deal with the initial ball. Mustafi's initial effort is blocked, but it rebounds to Aubameyang who fires it into the net.,1

GOAL! 2-1 NORWICH! Norwich end the first half on a high! Hernandez races forward and drags Chambers out of position. The Cuban lays off to Cantwell who plants his shot past Leno! ,1

McLean earns himself a booking for a slightly wild challenge on Guendouzi. That could easily have been a red. Guendouzi is still on the turf receiving treatment.,2

GOAL! 1-1 ARSENAL! Aubameyang makes no mistake from the spot this time, sending Krul the wrong way. The Norwich fans are less than impressed. Arsenal are level.,1

GOAL! 1-0 NORWICH! Hernandez wins a tackle near his own corner flag and finds McLean who feeds Pukki. The Finn holds the ball up before deciding to go it alone. His shot takes a deflection off Mustafi and beats Leno! ,1

SALAH!!! 1-1! Liverpool's talisman goes for power, drilling the ball underneath the dive of Areola. The Reds are level.,1

Loftus-Cheek receives a generous round of applause as he goes off to be replaced by Aboubakar Kamara.,0

DE CORDOVA-REID!!! 1-0 TO FULHAM! And you can't say they don't deserve it! After an initial corner is dealt with, Lookman shows good awareness to thread a ball through for De Cordova-Reid. The former Cardiff City man takes a touch before unleashing a powerful shot into the far corner, leaving Alisson grasping at thin air.,1

JIMINEZ SCORES! There's no run up to the spot and Boruc dives early, leaving Jiminez to calmly slot the ball down the middle of the net to draw his side level. 1-1!,1

Lerma receives a yellow card after catching Moutinho in the face with his elbow. The booking also means that he will miss Bournemouth's next two games in the league. ,2

KING SCORES THE PENALTY! He only takes a short run up and coolly slots the ball into the bottom right corner. Patricio does go the right way but it is out of his reach. 1-0 Bournemouth!,1

The visiting Hammers are happier with the referee now. Mings has gone into the book, having lead with his arm when challenging Haller.,2

Well, Pellegrini – who has turned 66 today – has now been forced into a change. Felipe Anderson, West Ham’s most likely goal threat so far, has made way for Zabaleta.,0

RED CARD! Masuaku is off! It is an incredibly harsh decision from Mike Dean, but VAR cannot review a yellow-card offence. Masuaku dived in on El Mohamday, but hardly made any contact. The referee had made his mind up, however, with West Ham's protests falling on deaf ears.,3

Smith has reacted to West Ham’s change with a substitution of his own. El Mohamady, a full-back by trade, is on in place of Jota, who had faded since the restart.,0

Here’s a first change, and it is Pellegrini who blinks first. Yarmolenko is indeed the one who makes way, with former Villarreal playmaker Fornals coming on in his place, and the Spain Under-21 international should inject some more pace and energy into West Ham's attack.,0

Mike Dean is certainly not shying away from utilising his cards. Noble has now got a booking, for a foul Grealish.,2

Felipe Anderson has switched with Yarmolenko now, and has an instant impact on the right, drawing a foul from Grealish, who is slightly unlucky to go into the referee’s book.,2

Thiago Silva will see out the match despite his earlier scare, as PSG use their final substitution to bring Julian Draxler on in place of Angel Di Maria. ,0

Stephane Moulin makes his final roll of the dice as Pierrick Capelle is replaced by Rayan Ait Nouri.  ,0

Jeff Reine-Adelaide is replaced by Farid El Melali as Moulin attempts to find a way back into the match. ,0

Thomas Tuchel calls Edinson Cavani to the bench, switching him with Christopher Nkunku for the final 15 minutes of the match. ,0

NEYMAR MAKES IT THREE! Kylian Mbappe turns provider for Neymar’s goal after the young French striker gets free in the penalty area following a beautiful one-two pass with Rabiot. From there, Mbappe has the awareness to look up and see Neymar streaking towards goal and supply the former Barcelona forward with a centring pass - which Neymar makes no mistake with! 3-1 PSG!,1

Stanley N’Soki is shown a yellow card by the referee for a heavy challenge in midfield on Jeff Reine-Adelaide. ,2

Angelo Fulgini has not been involved at all today and will be withdrawn with 30 minutes to play. Wilfried Kanga is his replacement. ,0

KYLIAN MBAPPE RESTORES PSG’S LEAD! After some incredible passing in midfield, the ball comes to Angel Di Maria who sends a cross to the far edge of the penalty area where Mbappe waits, left all alone. With the ball dropping, the young striker swings a leg at it and connects magnificently with the first-time volley, placing the ball absolutely perfectly into the far corner – the one spot Butelle could not get to! Incredible goal from the youngster!,1

The new signing’s day is done as Thilo Kehrer is hooked at the interval for Stanley N'Soki. Kehrer’s yellow card – the only caution of the game – was surely weighing on the mind of Tuchel.,0

THOMAS MANGANI MAKES NO MISTAKE! 1-1 at the Parc des Princes as Mangani wires his penalty high to the goalkeeper’s right, while Areola went the other way. The away side have been given a lifeline!,1

PENALTY TO ANGERS! A tough start for the new PSG defender as Thilo Kehrer takes down Jeff Reine-Adelaide in the penalty area after a Mangani cross following the throw-in. Kehrer is shown a yellow card and Angers have a chance to level!,2

AND EDINSON CAVANI MAKES IT 1-0 PSG! Thiago Silva steps up in midfield to win the ball and sends a pass through for Neymar which catches the entire Angers side off-guard. Neymar sends a low cross into the penalty area originally for Mbappe, but after Traore’s slight touch, it falls to Cavani who taps it home!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MAHREZ HAMMERS HIS STRIKE HOME!!!!!! 4-0 CITY!!!! Mahrez puts his recent troubles from the penalty spot behind him by rifling his effort into the roof of the net. Kepa dives early to his left and can only watch as the ball rockets off the boot of Mahrez for City's fourth goal of the game.,1

Rodri brings down Mount with a late challenge a minute removed from being tackled hard by the England man. The Spaniard goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FODEN FINISHES A FINE CITY MOVE!!!! 3-0 CITY!!!! Foden provides the finishing touch from close range to cap a sensational move from the home side. City play through the Chelsea midfield before Rodri releases Mahrez in space. He offloads to Walker on the charge, who places a low ball across the face of goal. Foden is there to convert with a neat left-footed finish.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ALVAREZ CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!!!! 2-0 CITY!!!! City take control of the game as Alvarez scores from the spot. He shoots low to the bottom-left corner, and although Kepa guesses correctly, Alvarez has just enough power and placement in his strike to beat the Chelsea keeper.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MAHREZ CURLS A BEAUTY INTO THE TOP-RIGHT CORNER!!!!! 1-0 CITY!!! The home side take the lead as Mahrez curls a sublime strike past Kepa. The winger connects sweetly with his free-kick angling it away from Kepa into the back of the net. A super effort and his third against Chelsea this season.,1

Mounie enters the fray as Wagner opts for two men up front with Billing the victim of the formational switch.,0

Wijnaldum does indeed come on for Liverpool, we just didn't expect it to come so early! Henderson is the player who was withdrawn.,0

Lallana lunges in on Lowe after the ball had already gone and picks up the first yellow card of the match.,2

GOOALLL!!! Salah scores with a deft finish, on the floor, across the keeper into the bottom left corner! The pass from Shaqiri was perfectly weighted which allowed the Egyptian to hit it first time to give Liverpool the lead! Huddersfield 0-1 Liverpool.,1

GOOALL!! 4-2!! Bellingham lays the ball off to Guerreiro, and he takes a touch inside and then curls a sumptuous effort past the motionless McGregor and into the far corner.,1

Kent is absolutely wiped out by Zagadou as he was about to pull the trigger on the edge of the box. It's a clear foul, and Zagadou goes into the book.,2

GOOALLL!!! 3-1! Dortmund have one back immediately! Moukoko surges into the box on the right, and as he's tackled, the ball runs across the area. Guerreiro lays it back to Bellingham, who bends it expertly into the far corner. What a start to the half!,1

GOOOALLLL!!! 3-0!! Can you believe it?! Kent picks the ball up and drives at two men on the left flank. He jinks in and out, and then sets up Lundstram on the edge of the box. He makes no mistake as he sweeps it into the far corner!!,1

GOOOALLLL!!! 2-0!!! Incredible!!! Tavernier whips in a fantastic ball from the right. Aribo gets a flick on at the near post, and Morelos has a tap-in from a matter of inches!! The few lucky Rangers fans let out a huge roar!! They're in dreamland!,1

GOOOALLL!!! 1-0 Rangers!! Tavernier steps up, takes a short skip, and sends the keeper the wrong way! What a moment for him!,1

Alexander-Arnold enters the action for Liverpool to replace the goalscorer Salah. It was Salah at his best this afternoon.,0

Thiago slips as he slides into a challenge with Rodri. He catches his compatriot late and goes into the book.,2

Akanji bundles Nunez to the deck and goes into the box, presenting Liverpool with a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SALAH SCORES A SPECIAL GOAL!!!!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! Salah converts his one-on-one opportunity this time. Alisson creates the goal after claiming a poor cross from De Bruyne from a free-kick. He launches a kick downfield where Salah is left alone with Cancelo. Salah turns Cancelo out of his boots and is left through on goal against Ederson. This time he clips his effort over the onrushing City keeper and into the back of the net.,1

Diaby entered the match in the 105th minute, and will be replaced by Nkunku at the 120th after the red card.,0

MBAPPE IS SENT OFF! With two minutes remaining, the referee correctly shows the France international a straight red card for a horrible tackle on Da Silva near the Rennes corner flag. It was a dangerously high step into the shin of the centre-back. It’s a potentially leg-breaking challenge, which will see Mbappe play no further part in the cup final!    ,3

After the fracas is cleared and Neymar rises to his feet, the referee opts to indeed book Lea Siliki for the foul. ,2

Andre is booked – taking their tally to four as the captain goes into a sliding tackle on Neymar which takes the Brazil international down.,2

Paredes goes into the referee’s book as he is cautioned for a scissoring slide tackle in midfield. It’s the seventh yellow of the match – PSG’s fourth.,2

Tuchel makes a change before extra time, as Draxler is replaced by Cavani to add extra attacking threat. ,0

The first substitution of the match is made by Tuchel, who replaces one Argentina international with another, as Di Maria is withdrawn for Paredes.  ,0

Bourigeaud has been involved in every aspect of the game, including defensively as he picks up a yellow for a foul on Neymar.   ,2

Mexer goes from goal scorer to booked as he takes Alves down just outside his own penalty area with a high boot – earning a yellow card giving PSG a free-kick within Neymar’s range.   ,2

RENNES HAVE EQUALISED THANKS TO MEXER! 2-2! PSG are made to pay for their lackadaisical defending in the second half as the corner, swung in by Grenier, is met by a leaping Mexer – who easily beat Marquinhos to the ball. It’s the slightest of touches – but just enough contact to change the flight of the ball and confuse Areola!  ,1

Bensebaini looks to get around Di Maria and enter the penalty area, but when the Argentina international’s sliding challenge doesn’t work – he uses his hand to take down his opponent – earning him a yellow card.,2

Another tackle goes flying in as tempers flare – though this time a card will be produced. Verratti’s early, two-footed challenge on Andre is deemed to be dangerous play, and worthy of a yellow.  ,2

Grenier runs through the back of Di Maria and receives a yellow card for his infringement. The foul drags play to a halt once again, as the Argentina international is down receiving treatment.,2

NEYMAR MAKES IT 2-0 PSG WITH A SCOOPED FINISH! It all looks a bit too easy for Paris who double their advantage after Ben Arfa’s pass is intercepted by Alves. The counter-attack flows through Di Maria who quickly looks up and slips a pass through the lines for Neymar, the Brazil international entering the penalty area before lifting the ball over the onrushing goalkeeper and into the back of the net!,1

WHAT A PHENOMENAL GOAL FROM ALVES! 1-0 to PSG thanks to a STUNNING strike from outside the penalty area! Neymar’s corner falls to the foot of Alves who smashes a volley into the bottom-left corner of the goal! It’s hit with pace and power, not to mention extreme accuracy as it sneaks past the outstretched hand of Koubek! The holders have opened the scoring!  ,1

Pedraza roughs up the goalscorer Alena with a bad challenge, leaving referee Montero with no choice but to dish out another yellow.,2

Fornals stays down after Busquets bundles over him in a somewhat cynical manner! The Villarreal midfielder is furious after getting back up, and he takes the law into his own hands by taking down Busquets himself after play is restarted! Terrible refereeing from Montero there who shouldn’t have let the Barca midfielder get away scot-free after the initial incident, and Fornals is booked for his act of retribution.,2

GOOOAAALLL!! BARCA DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Messi finally makes a positive contribution as he gets the ball in midfield, and spotting Alena on the run, releases an excellent throughball for the youngster to meet and lob the ball over a flailing Asenjo into the back of the net! 2-0 to the Blaugrana, and it's game, set, and match for Valverde's men!,1

Moreno, being a former Espanyol player himself, is substituted to the jeers and catcalls of the Camp Nou faithful as he comes off for Ekambi.,0

Alba, who still looks somewhat dazed despite coming back on the pitch, gets himself booked for dissent in the lead-up to Cazorla’s free-kick.,2

GOOOAAALLL! BARCA GET THE LEAD! Dembele’s second attempt at delivering the ball into the box after his initial corner was blocked is met by the head of Pique, who was simply more aggressive than his markers and leaps over them to power it past Asenjo! 1-0 to the Blaugrana, and it had been coming for a while!,1

Another good free-kick opportunity for Messi as Gonzalez is cautioned for bringing the Barca talisman down in the midst of one of his runs. The first real threat the Argentine has provided so far.,2

Chukwueze goes down after a high foot by Lenglet, and the France defender gets his side’s first booking.,2

Vidal quickly gets the ball out to Messi, and the Argentina playmaker is tripped by Ruiz in dangerous free-kick territory. The Villarreal defender gets himself the game’s first booking.,2

Silva is the fourth substitute to come on for La Real, who are committing men forward in the final stages to try and force an equaliser. Le Normand runs off.,0

The sixth yellow card of the contest is shown to Merino after he trips Nacho, who was surging forward with the ball.,2

Madrid make another change. Diaz has been quiet in Madrid's attack and is now coming off for Rudiger, who will strengthen their defence.,0

Garcia has been good for Madrid, completing 96 per cent of his 26 passes from left-back. The versatile Camavinga is on.,0

Barrenetxea was combining well with Galan on the left and made two key passes, but he is given a rest. Becker is on for the final stages.,0

Guler scored Madrid's only goal and got booked in an eventful outing, but his first start is over. Vinicius is on.,0

Ceballos has been solid on his second LaLiga start of the season and won two fouls. Valverde replaces him in the midfield and should be sharper than the Spaniard.,0

Turrientes has been bright in spells in La Real's midfield but has struggled to make an impact since the restart. He makes his way off for Zakharyan.,0

Kubo does brilliantly to poke the ball ahead of Garcia before the left-back rushes across him to make a foul. The Spaniard is booked for his tackle and will now have to be careful.,2

Le Normand gets into a battle with Guler on the right and thinks that he wins a goal-kick, but is furious when the assistant referee points to the corner. His reaction gets him into the book.,2

GOALLLL! 1-0 MADRID! Los Blancos score completely against the run of play! Carvajal rushes down the right side of the box and lays a first-time cutback across to Guler, who races in and fires his first-time shot across the goal and into the bottom-right corner.,1

Guler thinks that he was fouled when La Real won possession and is booked for dissent. Far from the perfect first start for the winger.,2

A final roll of the dice for Newcastle as Almiron makes way for Livramento who comes on for his Magpies debut.,0

Barnes has only been on the pitch for a matter of moments but the Englishman is already in the book as he pulls back Walker.,2

Joelinton also comes off having potentially suffered a slight injury. Longstaff replaces him in the middle of the park.,0

An early yellow card in the second half for City as Alvarez brings down Tonali in the middle of the park.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! CITY AHEAD! 1-0! The deadlock is broken and Alvarez has the opener for City. Foden has time and space on the right to pick out Alvarez on the edge of the box. The Argentine shifts it onto his right foot before smashing it into the far corner with Pope only able to get a fingertip on it.,1

GOAAAALL!!!! UNION BERLIN 3-3 UNION SG! WE ARE LEVEL!!! The home side come back from behind for the third time tonight as Michel smashes the ball into the bottom corner. The Union Berlin subbed latched onto the ball in the penalty area, and he wasted no time before scoring. What a game this has been!!,1

After his two goals, Boniface is now on the bench and Nilsson will get a few minutes to make a difference.,0

GOAAAALLL UNION BERLIN 2-3 UNION SG!!! They have done it again. The visitors have scored against the run of play, and this is turning into an incredible contest in Berlin. Nieuwkoop was at the heart of the attack as he raced down the right flank before cutting the ball to Boniface. The Union SG striker stayed composed, firing the ball straight back across the goal past a helpless Ronnow.,1

GOAAALLLLLL!!! UNION BERLIN 2-2 UNION SG! Knoche scores at the second attempt, with Moris palming his first effort straight back to him. Thankfully for the home side, Knoche stayed composed and tapped the rebound into the back of the net.,1

Burgess is shown a yellow card for a handball in the box, which stopped Union Berlin from scoring. There was no intent there, but he is still shown a card as Union Berlin prepares to draw level.,2

GOAAAALLL UNION BERLIN 1-2 UNION SG!!! The visitors punished the home side on the counter-attack, and the Belgian outfit showed so much composure to retake the lead. Lapoussin picked out Vertessen with a well-weighted throughball, and he had the composure to slot past Ronnow.,1

Lynen is the second player booked after a poor challenge on Thorsby as Union Berlin tried to counter-attack.,2

GOAAAALLL UNION BERLIN 1-1 UNION SG!!!! An incredible free-kick from Juranovic puts the home side level just before half-time. Union Berlin had hoped they had won a penalty after a foul on Haberer in the box, but the referee pulled the play back for an earlier tackle on the edge of the box. The home fans were not unhappy for long, with Juranovic curling the ball over the wall and into the top corner. WHAT A STRIKE!,1

GOAAALLLL!!!! Union Berlin 0-1 UNION SG. From nowhere, Union SG are in the lead, and Boniface will claim it, although his shot from outside of the box took a huge deflection. The Union SG striker collected possession on the edge of the box and was given time to turn. That was a poor decision from Union Berlin, who could only watch helplessly as Boniface's shot curled into the far corner past Ronnow.,1

Vertessen goes into the referee's book, and he can have no complaints after bodychecking Thorsby in the middle of midfield.,2

GOOOAALLLL!!!! It's a fourth for Wolves!!! Ait-Nouri crosses over the defence to find Chiquinho on the opposite byline. He finds Neves on the edge of the area, and the midfielder curls a delightful chip over Foster to make it 4-0!!! What a beautiful strike to put Wolves four in front!,1

Dennis gets free of Saiss and sets off towards the Wolves box but is pulled down by the recovering Saiss, who concedes the free-kick and is yellow-carded in the process.,2

Wolves break through Jimenez, who looks to move the ball wide, but Samir cynically fouls him inside Watford's half, and is rightfully booked by the referee.,2

Dennis does well to turn and sprint out of a Neves challenge before being scythed down from behind by Ait-Nouri. The offender is yellow-carded, and concedes the free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOAL! Wolves have a third and it's a horror show from Foster! Attempting to beat the incoming Jimenez, the Watford keeper slips as he clears the ball, which goes straight to Podence who strokes home into the empty net! Wolves are 3-0 up already, and it's a long, long way back for the Hornets, whose defensive woes have been comically exposed here.,1

Jimenez is racing towards goal before Louza hacks him down, and the Watford midfielder receives the game's first yellow card.,2

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! Wolves open the scoring!!! Some great link-play between the Wolves front three sees Podence put Hwang into space on the left. He finds Jimenez in the six-yard box, and he prods the ball past the advancing Foster and into the back of the net! 1-0 to the hosts!,1

GOAL! Firmino makes it three! Wijnaldum plays a beautiful pass down the left flank which Robertson is able to meet and continue to take down the left-hand side. Robertson pulls the ball back to Mane, and whilst his first-time shot is well saved, Firmino is on-hand to nod the ball into the net from a matter of yards. 0-3.,1

Fabinho replaces Salah as the visitors look to tighten up their midfield following Henderson’s red card.,0

RED! Henderson is shown a second yellow card for an unnecessary foul on Capoue as he looked to break down the left-hand side. It remains 0-2.,3

GOAL! Wow! What a free-kick from Alexander-Arnold! His right-footed curling effort from 25 yards beats the wall and flies past Foster and into the top right corner of the net. 0-2.,1

GOAL! Salah gives Liverpool the lead! Firmino picks up the ball in the middle of the field and slides the ball down the left and into the path of Mane who delivers a low ball into the box. Salah is in the right place at the right time to turn the ball beyond Foster. 0-1.,1

Success looks to burst away from Henderson who is forced to bring him down in order to deny the counter-attack. The Liverpool captain is booked for the cynical foul.,2

Torres is the next Villarreal player to receive a card for shoving Messi to the ground. Messi had beaten him down Barca's right and was heading for the penalty area.,2

Albiol's booked for protesting the referee's decision to send Trigueros off. It's an easy decision though. Trigueros had to go.,2

RED CARD FOR TRIGUEROS! The Villarreal midfielder slides in wildly on Messi, catching the Barca captain on the shin. It's a nasty challenge, a potential leg-breaker, and Messi looks to be in some discomfort. Trigueros can have no complaints.,3

Villarreal's left-back Moreno is next to go. Estupinan comes on for him, a like-for-like replacement.,0

Griezmann receives the game's first yellow card for taking out Gerard. Villarreal try to take the free-kick quickly but the referee calls them back.,2

GOAL! VILLARREAL 1-2 BARCELONA! Griezmann grabs his second from an awful backpass! Foyth is not paying attention and rolls the ball casually back towards Asenjo. Griezmann races straight onto it and finishes first-time past the stranded keeper. That's a laughable error from Foyth.,1

GOAL! VILLARREAL 1-1 BARCELONA! Griezmann pegs back Villarreal immediately with a sumptuous finish! Mingueza spots the Frenchman's run and picks him out. Asenjo ventures wide to close Griezmann down only for the forward to dink the ball over the goalkeeper and into the net.,1

GOAL! VILLARREAL 1-0 BARCELONA! Out of nowhere Villarreal strike! Barca commit too many players upfield and Torres looks for Chukwueze with a defence-splitting pass. The Nigerian darts onto the end of it, rounds ter Stegen and taps in from a tight angle.,1

SPORTING DOWN TO 10 MEN! A dreadful back-pass from Fernandes is pounced upon by Aubameyang, who is through on goal before being taken down from behind by Mathieu! The referee comes across and doesn't hesitate in showing a straight red to the defender, while awarding a free-kick to Arsenal on the very edge of the penalty area!,3

More time runs off the clock as Sporting make their final change. Petrovic enters the fray at the expense of Luis, who is in no rush to get off.,0

The stoppage allows Arsenal to make the change, as Maitland-Niles is brought on to replace Lichtsteiner.,0

Luis is all over Sokratis, who showed impressive skill on the ball as he attempted to break forward, before being dragged down at the halfway line. Luis is shown a yellow card for the foul.,2

Guendouzi becomes the second Arsenal player booked, both for fouls on Nani. The Gunners take exception as Nani continued on playing despite Lichtsteiner going down after appearing to pull a muscle.,2

On comes Dost for Sporting, with Montero giving way. It's a straight swap up top, but that gives the visitors more of a target man atop the line-up - someone who can help hold the ball up and allow guys to get forward on the break.,0

Acuna puts in a strong challenge on Lichtsteiner to halt his run down the right, but the referee awards Arsenal a corner. The Sporting full-back is far from happy with the decision, and he lets the referee know it, which sees him into the book for dissent.,2

Jenkinson's second Arsenal appearance of the season is cut short, as he's replaced by Kolasinac for the final 30 minutes.,0

Gaspar clips Iwobi, all while tugging him down from behind, as the cynical foul does stop an Arsenal break, but it also sees the full-back into the book.,2

Nani has proved a handful on the break in this first half, and he wins a free-kick here as his pace causes Lichtsteiner problems, as the full-back is issued a yellow card.,2

GAICH!!! 1-0 BENEVENTO! What a mistake by Arthur! The Juve midfielder looks to play the ball across his own penalty area and Gaich is quickly onto the ball. The striker does well to hold off Danilo's challenge, before firing into the corner to give the visitors the lead.,1

Two more changes for Empoli as they look for more energy. The first sees Henderson depart for Asllani in midfield.,0

Pinamonti pulls one back for Empoli! 4-2. Pinamonti cooly steps up and sends Maignan the wrong way, before slotting it calmly into the right corner!,1

Bennacer cynically pulls over Bajrami to halt a promising counter for the hosts. He's deservedly shown a yellow card. ,2

Theo makes it four! 4-1 Milan. That should seal it for the visitors. Saelemaekers whips in another inviting cross from his right foot and it bounces off Marchizza's arm before falling to Theo. The wingback composes himself, before thundering in a volley from six yards.,1

And Florenzi makes it 3-1! Milan extend their lead. Saelemaekers is tripped by Simone Romagnoli, presenting Milan with a promising free-kick 25 yards from goal. Florenzi steps up and curls a weak strike that sneaks through the wall before nestling into the bottom corner! The wall simply crumbled, leaving the goalkeeper with no chance.,1

KESSIE AGAIN! 2-1. Milan retake the lead. Saelemaekers plays a simple pass to Kessie inside the box, and the midfielder drives towards the byline before drilling a low shot through the legs of Vicario! It was a powerful strike, but the goalkeeper should have done better.,1

GOALLL! BAJRAMI! 1-1. Milan's lead doesn't last long. The visitors fail to clear their lines and eventually Henderson is able to send another cross into the box. Kessie flicks it out to Bajrami who's waiting at a tight angle, 18 yards from goal. The attacker catches everyone out and fires a rasping effort that bobbles through Maignan before nestling low into the far corner!,1

GOALLL! KESSIE! 1-0. Milan take an early lead. Saelemaekers whips in a wicked low cross and Giroud carefully lays it off to Kessie. The midfielder then promptly hits a first-time strike into the bottom corner from 12 yards!,1

Koulibaly has been on a yellow card since the ninth minute – but it has not affected his performance at all. He’ll finish the match six minutes early as Luperto is his replacement.,0

ICARDI SCORES! 4-1! The striker is calm in his run-up as he finishes neatly into the bottom-left corner – sending Karnezis the wrong way.,1

RUIZ MAKES IT 4-0 AS INTER FALL APART! Ruiz is allowed to walk into the penalty untroubled by defenders after an excellent pass from Mertens, before dispatching a cannon towards goal, beating Handanovic at the near post!,1

RUIZ ADDS TO INTER’S MISERY! 3-0 NAPOLI! Mertens plays a lovely cross to the far post for Milik who is unable to get his volley past Handanovic. The near-post save doesn’t clear the danger as Malcuit is first to it, sending a pass across the face of goal for Ruiz to finish into an open goal!,1

NAPOLI DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE ON THE HOUR! 2-0! It’s an indictment of the Inter defence that the diminutive Mertens is allowed to power a header past Handanovic, after Callejon’s beautiful delivery into the penalty area hangs just high enough for Mertens to get in between Miranda and Skriniar and finish with ease!,1

Inter’s second change comes two minutes before the hour mark as Gagliardini is replaced by Vecino in midfield.  ,0

The referee brandishes his second yellow card in two minutes, this time booking Allan for his lunge on Martinez.  ,2

Nainggolan’s frustration gets the better of him again as he’s late into a challenge on Malcuit – stepping on the right-back’s foot in the process. It’s a yellow for the Inter midfielder.,2

AN INCREDIBLE STRIKE MAKES IT 1-0 NAPOLI! Sloppy again from Inter as a good bit of defending from Perisic on the wing fuels the Napoli attack after Asamoah’s careless pass into midfield. Ruiz latches onto the loose ball and passes it to Zielinski – who rockets a shot into the top corner from well outside the area! No goalkeeper is saving that shot!,1

Politano gets into a good position on the right-hand side of the penalty area and gets tripped up by the trailing leg of Koulibaly. It’s a yellow card for the centre-back, and a free-kick in a good position for Inter.,2

Kim now sees yellow after he brings Correa down. The fourth yellow card the referee has shown in the last five minutes.,2

Zambo Anguissa makes way for Ndombele as Spalletti looks to add more technical ability into his midfield.,0

Dumfries replaces Darmian to add more threat to Inter's counter-attack as well as defensive solidity.,0

GOALLLLLL!!! 1-0 INTER!! DZEKO!! Inter finally take one of their chances as Dzeko heads the hosts into the lead! Dimarco bursts down the left wing before sending a good cross into the six-yard box. Dzeko gets away from his marker and beats Meret with a powerful header! Inter take a deserved lead.,1

Sanches gets involved in the aftermath of that Ilsanker challenge by shoving an opponent to the floor. Having already been cautioned, the Portugal winger is shown a second yellow and is off.,3

Ilsanker lunges in on Thiago with his studs showing and is shown a red card, maintaining Leipzig's record of having a player dismissed on all three visits to this ground.,3

Bayern are happy to eat up some valuable seconds by bringing on Martinez for Muller. That is now all six subs made.,0

A second sub in quick succession for the visitors, as Augustin replaced Poulsen up top in a like-for-like switch.,0

Having made a defensive change shortly before Bayern scored, Rangnick now brings on striker Cunha for midfielder Laimer.,0

GOOOOAAALLLL!! Bayern 1-0 Leipzig! The Bayern pressure finally tells as substitute Ribery fires the ball home for his second league goal of the season. Gulasci fails to keep hold of a weak Sanches shot and Upamecano's clearance deflects into the path of Ribery, who takes two players out of the game with his feigned shot and then picks his spot past Gulasci.,1

Ilsanker is brought on for Bruma in a defensive change for Leipzig. The visitors have been penned in over the last 15 minutes.,0

Sanches brings down Werner, halting the Leipzig striker's attack, and is rightly shown a yellow card.,2

Ribery has taken a real battering out wide since coming on in the first half. Laimer's latest challenge on the Frenchman earns him a yellow card, his second of the season.,2

Coman is the player to be taken off for Sanches in a like-for-like switch in the wide position. Ribery replaced the injured Gnabry on the other flank in the first half.,0

Ribery, only just back from an injury of his own, takes over from Gnabry. The ex-Arsenal man was unable to shake off what appears to be a calf strain.,0

Thiago is too quick for Demme, who takes his opponent down to the ground with his mistimed challenge and earns the first yellow of the match.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! TRAORE ENDS THE GAME!!!! 3-0 FULHAM!!!! Traore produces a clinical finish on the counter to end the game. De Cordova-Reid breaks forward after Brighton lose possession and he plays a perfect pass to release the winger into space. Traore holds his composure with a low strike that finds the back of the net.,1

De Cordova-Reid is on for Lukic in the closing stages. Lukic had a strong outing in the middle of the park.,0

Muniz has been Fulham's key man this afternoon. He bullied Webster to create the first and scored a fine header for the second. Broja replaces the forward for the final six minutes.,0

Pereira should have effectively ended the game, missing a glorious opening. Cairney replaces him in the middle of the park.,0

Iwobi is withdrawn after an impressive second half where he could have had a couple of assists. Willian replaces him on the left flank.,0

An attacking change from De Zerbi as he withdraws Dunk for Gross. Van Hecke moves into central defence.,0

Lallana could have had an assist with his final act, and his now replaced by Buonanotte for the final third of the game.,0

Estupinan grapples with Muniz and brings down the forward. He goes into the book and is not happy with the decision.,2

De Zerbi responds at the break as Adingra replaces Lamptey. The Seagulls boss wants extra firepower in the final third.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MUNIZ MAKES IT TWO!!!! 2-0 FULHAM! Muniz heads home from close range as Wilson returns the favour from the opener. Wilson is afforded space and time on the right flank and he angles a perfect ball into the middle. Muniz times his run to perfection and steers his header into the left corner away from Steele.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! WILSON FIRES FULHAM AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Wilson capitalises on great work from Muniz before finding the corner of the net with a left-footed strike. Fulham go direct and Muniz wins the first header with Webster and then battles for the second to work it into the path of Wilson. Estupinan stumbles as he tries to get across, affording Wilson the time to pick his spot and beat Steele.,1

Baleba pulls down Reed on the charge and goes into the book. An early caution for the Brighton midfielder, he'll have to be careful now.,2

Michel, likewise, has made his final change. Galvez is off, with Alvaro coming on, with Vallecano now switching to a 4-2-3-1.,0

Simeone responds to going ahead by making a defensive change. Rodri, a midfielder, is replaced by centre-back Savic.,0

GOOOOAAALL! GRIEZMANN MAKES IT 1-0 TO ATLETI! Well, that was just his fourth touch in the area, but he has made it count! Morata did well to force the ball into his path, and after taking it down on his chest, Griezmann managed to bundle home the finish with a help of a deflection off Amat.,1

And the second change sees Costa – who spent time on loan at Vallecano in 2012 – comes on in place of Vitolo. That will mean a switch for Griezmann, who has shifted wide to the left.,0

Here's the first change for Atleti, as Simeone responds to Vallecano's substitutions. It's an attacking one, with Lemar replacing Correa.,0

A double change now, and it is Vallecano who blink first, as Michel looks to get his side on the front foot. Trejo is off, with former Manchester United forward Bebe coming on.,0

Atal brings down Mendes on a surging run and goes into the book. PSG have a free-kick in a useful position on the left flank.,2

Todibo kicks the ball away after he is adjudged to have fouled Mendes. The referee has no choice but to book the defender.,2

Schneiderlin is booked for dissent after an appeal to the referee for the penalty for a challenge on Delort.,2

Mbappe is called into action by Pochettino from the bench to replace Icardi in the final third. PSG need a spark from their talisman.,0

Boudaoui is adjudged to have fouled Verratti, although replays show that he got the ball in his challenge. The winger goes into the book.,2

Kluivert steps away from Kehrer, but is caught by the defender's trailing leg. The German goes into the book for his challenge.,2

Gouiri lunges into a challenge on the edge of the PSG box and catches Herrera. The forward is booked for his challenge.,2

Danilo brings down Kluivert on the charge and he goes into the book. Nice have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

Tuchel turns to Mount for inspiration for the final five minutes. Kante is withdrawn from the Chelsea midfield.,0

Tarkowski is booked for booting the ball away. He claims that he did not hear the whistle, but the referee is not convinced.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! VYDRA LEVELS FOR BURNLEY!!!!! 1-1!!!!! The visitors are level as Chelsea pay for their lack of clinical edge. Lowton hooks a cross into the box towards the back post where Rodriguez unselfishly heads into the path of Vydra. The forward slots his effort past Mendy to notch the equaliser for the Clarets.,1

James and Cornet are involved in a melee after the full-back gives the winger a nudge over the advertising hoarding. James is booked for his part in the scuffle.,2

The miss is Barkley's last action of a good outing from the midfielder. Loftus-Cheek replaces him for the final 17 minutes.,0

Vydra replaces Gudmundsson as Dyche adds an extra forward into the mix. Cornet drops back to left wing and McNeil switches flanks to accommodate the change.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! HAVERTZ HEADS CHELSEA IN FRONT!!!!!!!! 1-0!!!! The Blues take the lead as Havertz dispatches a free header past Pope from six yards. Kante plays James into acres of space down the right flank and the wing-back delivers a precise cross into the middle. Havertz coasts between Mee and Tarkowski before guiding his header into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOAL! SASSUOLO 1-2 AC MILAN! Hello! Is a late comeback on the cards? Sassuolo have a free-kick inside the D from Romagnoli's foul. Berardi steps up and curls it confidently around Milan's wall into the bottom right corner. ,1

Boga powers towards Milan's box and has his run brought to an abrupt halt by Romagnoli. Milan's captain takes the yellow card for his team.,2

Calhanoglu also gets a break for the last few minutes. Maldini is on for him. Milan are almost there.,0

Traore leaves the pitch. The Equatoguinean midfielder Obiang, formerly of Sampdoria and West Ham, replaces him.,0

Milan substitution. One of their goalscorers Saelemaekers goes off. Castillejo is the man to replace him.,0

Calabria is booked for a rough tackle on Boga. Sassuolo's free-kick isn't that great. Milan have been sturdy at defending set-pieces all game.,2

Kessie is booked for a late challenge on Bourabia. Kessie protests his innocence - Bourabia made the most of it - but the referee is unmoved.,2

Milan also make a change. The quiet Diaz is replaced by Hauge. Calhanoglu moves to the centre behind Leao.,0

Milan also take the opportunity to make a change. Krunic is on for Tonali who had treatment on the sideline in the first half.,0

GOAL! SASSUOLO 0-2 MILAN! Milan undo Sassuolo with a lightning counter-attack! Milan clear the corner and Hernandez goes racing away down the left. The Frenchman gets into the box, attracting goalkeeper Consigli, before laying off to Saelemaekers, who fires into an empty net.,1

GOAL! SASSUOLO 0-1 MILAN! Milan take the lead in a matter of seconds! Calhanoglu dribbles forward from the kick-off to slip Leao through. Leao breaks into the box and smashes the ball right down the middle past Consigli.,1

Due to a blatant case of time-wasting, during the second minute of at least four added for stoppages, Foderingham is booked.,2

Picking up his fifth yellow card of the season - which will result in a suspension - Robinson clearly hauls back Norgaard in midfield.,2

Perceived to be time-wasting by the referee, Bogle finds himself booked - much to the vocal disgust of the home fans!,2

Potentially today's match-winner, McAtee makes his way off, as young Peck is handed an opportunity to impress.,0

Brooks is now withdrawn by Wilder, with Lowe sent on to provide fresh legs in the Sheffield United defence.,0

Frank is clearly dissatisfied with his team's performance, making two more changes. First, Baptiste is replaced by Damsgaard.,0

It's been a frustrating day for Osula, who has had very little service and is now replaced by Ben Slimane up front, shortly after being yellow-carded.,0

Now booked for a raised boot on Pinnock in midfield, Osula's miserable game continues - he's barely touched the ball so far.,2

Having narrowly escaped a red card before the break, Onyeka has been withdrawn. Young prospect Yarmoliuk is sent on to replace him in Brentford's midfield.,0

THE BLADES STRIKE FIRST! Pinnock makes a hash of clearing the ball from the edge of Brentford's area, and Sheffield United take full advantage. Hamer coolly picks out McAtee on the right side of the box, before the Manchester City loanee curls a brilliant finish into the top-left corner! Flekken had no chance: 1-0 to Sheffield United!,1

Leaving his opponent writhing in agony on the soaking wet turf, Onyeka is shown a yellow card for a studs-up challenge on Vinicius.,2

Trusty's name is taken by the referee, after a late sliding challenge upends Lewis-Potter near the left touchline.,2

Dembele enters the action to provide further firepower for the home side in the final third. Dest is withdrawn by Koeman.,0

Simeone takes no chances with Saul, knowing that he is on his last warning. Joao Felix replaces the midfielder, who only entered the action for Lemar in the first half.,0

Koke brings down Messi on the charge on the edge of the Atletico box. The skipper is booked and he hands the home side a free-kick in a dangerous spot.,2

Felipe gives away a free-kick for bringing down Messi on the charge. Barca have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

Moriba replaces Busquets for the home side, which will likely force De Jong into a deeper role in front of the back four.,0

Here's that Palace substitution. Fulham haven't allowed Eze space all game but he'll learn from the experience. The 22-year-old is replaced by McCarthy.,0

Fulham know they can win this and make another attacking change. Mitrovic replaces Anguissa to join Maja and Loftus-Cheek up front.,0

Loftus-Cheek cleverly dummies a pass to take Ayew out of the game and draws Milivojevic into the tackle. Milivojevic gets the game's first yellow card for the foul.,2

Fulham make a tactical change at half-time. The American international Robinson replaces Aina at left-back. Presumably that's to give Lookman more support down the flank and try to force Townsend back.,0

GOAL! Augsburg have equalised! A swinging corner is fumbled by Neuer and drops to Gouweleeuw, who then fires the ball off the chest of Gotze and into the back of the net from close range. Huge blow for Bayern!,1

Interestingly, Baum has decided to replace Cordova with Gregoritsch, who isn't very happy about being substituted.,0

Thiago makes an immediate impact by giving away a free-kick and earning himself a yellow card. Like Bayern's a few moments ago, this represents a really good chance for the visitors.,2

Bayern have made their third and final change, with Thiago coming on to replace Wagner. It looks as if Muller is now going to operate through the middle.,0

Alaba sprints through the middle of the pitch on a great run before being cynically fouled by Framberger, resulting in a yellow card for the wing-back and a free-kick for Bayern in an excellent position. Can they make it count?,2

Bayern have made their second substitution of the night, with Ribery coming on to take the place of Gnabry.,0

GOAL! Bayern have taken the lead! The home side finally find a way in front thanks to a ruthless counter-attack. It's Gnabry who flies towards the Augsburg penalty area before teeing up Robben, who rounds Luthe and blasts a thumping strike into the roof of the net.,1

It wasn't quite working for Goretzka, who was operating as a makeshift left-back, so he's been replaced by Alaba.,0

Sanches tangles with Framberger before catching Hahn with a high and mistimed challenge, leaving the referee with no choice but to book him.,2

The yellow card is out once again, and this time it's Khedira who finds himself on the receiving end after cynically taking down Gnabry after being passed by the former Arsenal winger.,2

The first yellow card of the evening goes to Goretzka, who clumsily fouls Hahn and concedes a free-kick in a dangerous position 40 yards away from goal.,2

Alexis Sanchez comes on to face an Udinese side for whom he appeared 95 times before moving to Arsenal. Politano is the player to make way.,0

Martinez enters the fray for Inter with Lukaku making way, and the latter gives a big hug to manager Antonio Conte.,0

Inter make a substitution at half-time as Barella, who was on a yellow card, is replaced by Gagliardini.,0

GOOOALLLL!!! INTER TAKE THE LEAD! Sensi charged into the penalty area and headed a cross from Godin into the underside of the bar and into the back of the net! Musso tried to make an athletic save and just couldn't get there! Inter 1-0 Udinese,1

After a minor altercation, and a finger wag from Candreva, De Paul senselessly slapped the Inter man on the right touchline and has now been shown red! So unnecessary from the Argentinian international!,3

Barella goes in heavy on de Paul and the former is shown yellow for his trouble. Awful challenge that.,2

Freiburg are making a triple change, hoping they can have the same impact as Doan's introduction. Kubler is taken off for Weisshaupt.,0

West Ham are making a double change as they attempt to hold onto their lead. Fornals is the first to go off, with Soucek on for him.,0

AGUERD SCORES! Ward-Prowse goes over to take the resulting corner and whips a delightful cross into the box. Aguerd has a free header in the middle and he thumps it into the back of the net. Atubolu came out for it, but got nowhere near the ball, leaving the defender with an empty net to aim for. 2-1 West Ham!,1

SALLAI SCORES! On the third attempt, Freiburg get it into the net! Doan cuts inside from the right and slides it through to Sallai who puts his laces through it. Fabianski keeps him out and then gets behind the follow-up from Kubler. The save hits Aguerd on the line and bounces back to Sallai, who rifles it into the roof of the net. 1-1!,1

Hofler had his eyes on the ball as he stretched to try and reach it, but instead clipped the back of Kudus' heels. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

PAQUETA SCORES! Coufal helps it onto Bowen down the right, and Lienhart just can't get back in time to stop him from clipping a cross into the middle. He picks out Paqueta, who has a free header in the middle, and he nods it into the ground and just over Atubolu's hand as he dives for it. 1-0 West Ham!,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! NIMES 0-4 PSG!! Sarabia takes a touch to set himself and drills a shot through the legs of Reynet, who does not deserve to be on the end of a four-goal defeat.,1

Eliasson, who has had Nimes' only sight of goal in this one-sided second period, is taken off. Majouga is the player to come on.,0

Teenage midfielder Ruiz-Atil is brought on for a rare appearance as he takes over from Florenzi late on.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!! NIMES 0-3 PSG!! Mbappe adds some gloss to the scoreline by scoring a third for the visitors. He is played through by Sarabia and this time has no difficulty in sliding the ball past Reynet.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! NIMES 0-2 PSG!! The visitors finally have a second goal to kill off their 10-man opponents. Sarabia heads down Dagba's back-post cross and Florenzi, denied by both posts in this second half, diverts it over the line from close range.,1

Dagba, another of those who was expected to miss today's game, comes on for Rafinha in PSG's second change.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! NIMES 0-1 PSG!! As easy as you like for the visitors! Navas rolls the ball out to Rafinha and the midfielder cuts through the Nimes backline with a terrific throughball. Mbappe rounds Reynet and calmly rolls the ball into an empty net.,1

Yet another yellow card! Gueye catches Deaux on the ankle to halt a Nimes counter and, after allowing play to go on, the referee pulls it back and shows the PSG midfielder a yellow.,2

Rafinha lunges in on Burner and gets none of the ball. There are more red cards to come in this game at this rate.,2

NIMES ARE DOWN TO 10! In an attempt to win the ball, Landre only succeeds in catching Rafinha in the chest with his studs and is issued a straight red card by the referee. ,3

GOAL!!! MANE CURLS IN A THIRD!! The winger cuts in from the left, beating Lazaro, and curls a pearler right into the top corner from just inside the box! It's a beautiful finish and Liverpool now lead 3-1! ,1

Finally, Oxlade-Chamberlain is replaced by Firmino, with the Brazilian going up front to complete Liverpool's regular front three.,0

Klopp makes a triple-change, replacing his entire front three. Origi comes off for Salah in the first alteration, with the Egyptian going out to his regular right-wing role.,0

GOAL!!! WHAT A HIT BY ORIGI!! The Belgian cuts inside from the left, works a yard with a clever shift and bends a lovely effort into the bottom-right corner! That arrowed past a sprawling Dubravka, who could do nothing about it! It's 2-1 to Liverpool now!,1

Bentaleb appears to have hurt himself going up for an aerial challenge and is replaced in midfield by Longstaff.,0

Bruce makes a surprising substitution, bringing off the lively Saint-Maximin for Joelinton at half-time.,0

GOAL!!! THE CHAMPIONS ARE LEVEL!! Oxlade-Chamberlain bursts down the right and lofts a cross towards the back post from the byline. Van Dijk rises highest to meet it and his looping header sails over a diving Dubravka and into the back of the net! It's 1-1 now!,1

GOAL!!! NEWCASTLE OPEN THE SCORING INSIDE 30 SECONDS!!! What a start! Shelvey takes a quick free-kick after Van Dijk fouled Saint-Maximin, lofting the ball over the top for Gayle, who races in behind, unmarked, and prods the ball past Alisson and into the bottom-right corner! It's 1-0 to Newcastle!,1

RED CARD!!! Wow, Lazovic has been shown a straight red by the referee before we've even resumed play! The Verona midfielder clearly wasn't happy with something, and the way he went about voicing that to the official was bad enough to warrant a dismissal!,3

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! Inter will win it!!! It's absolute chaos in the Verona box as Bastoni hammers a belter of a volley off the crossbar. The loose ball comes out to Barella, whose first-time shot is parried by Montipo, but Frattesi follows in to stab the rebound home from close range!!! Cue pandemonium inside the San Siro, as Inter take a 2-1 lead with just seconds left on the clock!,1

The booked Suslov is withdrawn late on for Verona, and Brazilian midfielder Charlys will see out the game for the visitors.,0

Ngonge's not been able to add to his tally in this game, but with Verona on course for a point at the San Siro, he comes off late for Yayah Kallon.,0

Alexis Sanchez comes on late with Inter looking to claim all three points here, and Pavard is coming off for him in a clear statement of attacking intent.,0

You wait 77 minutes for one yellow card, then two come along within seconds of each other! This time it's Suslov who goes into the book, tripping Barella after being beaten down the right by the Inter midfielder.,2

Martinez plays a one-two and looks to race clear on the break, until he's clattered by Coppola sliding in on halfway. The challenge earns the Verona defender a yellow card, which after 77 minutes is the first we've seen in this game!,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! An instant impact from the substitute, and Verona are level at the San Siro!!! Duda is played into space down the right and clips a cross in towards the front post. Henry ghosts across the front of his marker and gets a vital touch on the ball, sending it past a bewildered Sommer and into the far corner!!! A change that couldn't have worked any better for I Mastini, and we're locked up at 1-1 with just over 15 minutes to go!,1

Marko Arnautovic also comes on after scoring against Genoa last time out, and he'll replace Thuram to partner Martinez up front.,0

Both sides make a pair of changes as we enter the final 20 minutes of this game, with Inter's Augusto replaced at left wing-back by Federico Dimarco.,0

Off comes Dumfries in Inter's first substitution, and it's a like-for-like swap as Matteo Darmian enters the fray.,0

Verona will make one half-time change as they look to get back in to this match, with Mboula withdrawn and Darko Lazovic coming on.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! One chance, one goal!!! Inter lead after Mkhitaryan comes forward and plays a one-two with Thuram. He passes the return ball to Martinez in the box, and El Toro does the rest, calmly slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner with the outside of his foot! 1-0 to the home side, and after a slow start to this game, it hasn't taken long for their quality to prevail.,1

Second change for Cadiz now and it's Mari that's coming off due to the injury he picked up earlier, with Garrido replacing him.,0

Zidane is making four changes at the start of the second half, starting with Asensio coming on to replace Vazquez.,0

CADIZ LEAD! The Madrid defenders don't pick up Lozano's run until it's too late and he chips his shot over Courtois. The goalkeeper does get something on it, but not enough to stop it from bouncing across the line. 1-0 Cadiz! ,1

Saul receives a yellow card for a bad foul in the build-up to Vidal's effort which means that he will miss Atletico's next match. ,2

SARABIA EQUALISES FOR SEVILLA! Vazquez put a brilliant cross into the box and Sarabia just pulled away from his defender at the far post. He let it drop and then side footed the ball across goal, under Oblak and into the back of the net to draw his side level. 1-1!,1

KOKE HAS OPENED THE SCORING FOR ATLETICO! He carried the ball forward from his own half and the defenders just sat back and let him move forward. When he reached the edge of the box, there was still a lot of space in front of him and he aimed his shot low at the target. It took a deflection which wrong-footed the keeper and the ball slowly rolled over the goal line. 1-0 Atletico!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! GUNDOGAN SURELY WINS IT FOR BARCA! The former Manchester City captain shows no sign of nerves as he rolls the kick into the bottom-left corner, sending Valles the wrong way. It's so cruel on Las Palmas, but this will be a huge three points for Xavi and Barcelona!,1

Rodriguez is booked for dissent as Gundogan stands over the spot-kick. What a moment this could be for Barcelona.,2

RED CARD! Sinkgraven is sent off for that foul! The referee rules he denied Barca a clear goalscoring opportunity, and he's given his marching orders!,3

Now Sergi Cardona sees yellow for his follow-through on Araujo deep inside Barcelona territory, much to the disbelief of the home fans.,2

Munoz is deservedly booked for pulling De Jong's shirt to stop a Barcelona break. This game appears increasingly stretched as we approach the end of the 90 minutes. Will we get a winner?,2

The hosts make a change at full-back. Sinkgraven replaces Suarez, whose clearance ricocheted off Lewandowski in the build-up to Barcelona's equaliser.,0

Meanwhile, Vitor Roque is on for his LaLiga debut! The 18-year-old takes the place of Torres in attack.,0

Joao Felix also comes on, and it's Lewandowski who makes way! The Blaugrana's leading LaLiga goalscorer for the season really struggled to get into this contest.,0

Sandro had four shots without netting, though he did assist Munir's opener. He's also wthdrawn, with Pejino sent on.,0

The hosts are making two changes now. Moleiro is replaced by Loiodice following a lively display in attack.,0

Munir goes down with nobody around him, and that will be the end of his involvement. The opening goalscorer limps from the field to be replaced by Marc Cardona.,0

Now Suarez becomes the first home player in the book for a reckless lunge on Lewandowski. Just like that, the entire complexion of this match has changed.,2

GOOOOOOOAAALLL! TORRES LEVELS FOR BARCELONA! A huge slice of fortune for the Blaugrana, but they won't care one bit! The pressure looks to be gone as Suarez puts his foot through a clearance inside the Las Palmas box, but it smashes against Lewandowski in comical fashion before looping into Roberto's path. He fails to get his shot away, but Torres arrives to steer his effort into the bottom-right corner and make it 1-1!,1

Barca are furious! Marmol appears to trip Roberto as Kounde looks to angle a ball over the top, but no foul is given. Roberto protests furiously and is booked, then he heads over to the fourth official to give him a piece of his mind too – he needs to be careful here!,2

GOOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL! MUNIR STRIKES AGAINST HIS FORMER CLUB! What a start for Las Palmas! Lewandowski is back to head the corner away from Pena's goal, but the hosts recycle it through Munoz. He picks out Sandro on the right, and he steers a low cross onto the edge of the six-yard box, where Munir gets the run on Araujo to prod home! Two former Barca attackers combine to make it 1-0 to Las Palmas!,1

Christensen replaces Cancelo as Barca prepare to defend the corner. It looks like Kounde will move to right-back.,0

SINAYOKO HALVES THE DEFICIT! 2-1! Radu’s kick from inside his penalty area is headed on inside the centre-circle by Da Costa, which allows Sinayoko to latch onto the ball behind the last defender. With Ramos and Danilo converging the winger steadies himself and fires a low shot with his left foot that slips under the body of Donnarumma and in!,1

Jubal picks up the first yellow card of the match a minute into the second half, with his poorly timed lunge catching the foot of Verratti.,2

TWO GOALS IN TWO MINUTES FOR MBAPPE! 2-0! A giveaway in midfield presents the ball to the foot of Messi 20 yards away from Radu’s target, with the Argentina international immediately playing it across the face of the box. Ekitike cleverly steps over the ball as a decoy and without thinking, Mbappe immediately curls a beautiful shot that leaves the goalkeeper with no chance!,1

MBAPPE FINDS THE TOP CORNER! 1-0 PSG! Messi plays a quick pass to Ruiz just outside the penalty area before being taken out by a tackle, which gives the midfielder just enough space to squeeze the ball through the defence for Mbappe. The striker slaloms back and forth to change the angle before firing an inch-perfect shot into the roof of the goal!,1

Forrest has had a great game today and has caused a lot of problems for the Leipzig defence, but he is now replaced by Mulumbu who is back from injury.,0

CELTIC ARE BACK AHEAD ALREADY! Less than a minute after Augustin got them level, Edouard has put the ball into the back of an empty net, after Mvogo missed his chance to stop the cross into the six-yard box. 2-1 Celtic!,1

LEIPZIG ARE LEVEL! Laimer puts a brilliant cross into the box from the right wing and Augustin is at the far post to get his head to the ball, bounce it into the ground and under the keeper's outstretched arms. 1-1!,1

Sabitzer becomes the fourth Leipzig player to be shown the yellow card after he pulled back Tierney to prevent the counter attack.,2

Halstenberg is shown the yellow card for taking down Christie and preventing Celtic's counter attack.,2

Benkovic is shown the yellow card after he moved his arm in front of the ball to block Bruma's throughball.,2

Augustin is shown the yellow card for a rash challenge on Gordon as he tried to win the ball in the box and instead ends up kicking the goalkeeper.,2

That is the end of Saracchi's evening and Halstenberg's first involvement is to take the throw-in his side won after Celtic put the ball out for the injured player.,0

CELTIC HAVE TAKEN THE LEAD! It's completely against the run of play, but following a free-kick in the centre of the field which Celtic take quickly, Forrest has the advantage and gets his cross in quick. It misses all the players in the box, but Tierney is there and he hits his shot low into the bottom-right corner. 1-0 Celtic!,1

Minutes after coming on, Nketiah picks up a yellow card. The striker is late into the tackle and catches Coquelin on the edge of the visitors’ box. He can have no complaints with that decision. ,2

Pino asks the referee to show Mari a yellow card for that foul, but Vincic instead books the Villarreal winger.  ,2

The away side make their second alteration of the game, with Bacca entering the fray in place of Alcacer. There are 18 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

With Arsenal in need of a goal, Arteta brings on Martinelli for Odegaard. It remains 0-0 on the night. ,0

Emery is forced into making his first change of the night as Chukwueze is stretchered off. The Nigerian is replaced by Pino. ,0

Juventus are making their third change now. Kean slowly makes his way off the field as Yildiz is brought on for him.,0

Gatti is chasing back, trying to catch Zapata and steps across him, clipping the forward's heels after touching the ball. He goes into the book.,2

Torino are making their first change of the game now. Seck is taken off, with Sanabria replacing him.,0

MILIK SCORES! It's another corner that causes Torino problems. Again, Milinkovic-Savic rushes off his line but gets nowhere near the ball. Milik gets in front of the keeper to get on the end of Kostic's cross and thumps this header into the back of the empty net. 2-0 Juve!,1

GATTI SCORES! It's a poor error by Milinkovic-Savic who flies off his line to meet the corner, but completely misses the ball. Kean sees an overhead kick cleared off the line, Bremer's effort is blocked, but Gatti does manage to hit the back of the net. The flag goes up, but a VAR check sees that Kean wasn't offside, and it will count. 1-0 Juve!,1

Miretti struggled to have much of an impact up top in the first half, so he's replaced by Milik at the start of the second half.,0

Bellanova rushes across and clatters into Rabiot to stop his run. He can have no complaints as he picks up the first booking of the game.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MBAPPE WRAPS UP THE GAME!!!! 3-0 PSG!!! The visitors surely put the game beyond the reach of Ajaccio as Mbappe notches his second. Messi is again the provider as he surges forward and finds the Frenchman on the edge of the box. Mbappe takes a touch before sweeping his strike past Leroy into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MESSI CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!! 2-0 PSG!!!!! Mbappe produces a sublime piece of skill in the box to release Messi to score. Messi feeds the forward in the box, who completes a one-two with the Argentine with a delightful backheel. Messi takes a touch before rounding Leroy and dispatching a right-footed strike into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MBAPPE BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!! 1-0 PSG!!! Mbappe produces a clinical finish to put the visitors ahead. Messi threads the needle to release the forward behind the Ajaccio defence. He takes on the effort first-time on his right foot, finding the net with ease as he lifts the ball over Leroy.,1

Down a goal, Galtier has no choice but to make attacking changes. Sanches comes on for Danilo as a result.,0

Truffert is also brought off, with the wing-back replaced with under a quarter-hour remaining. Meling will see out the game.,0

Confirmation that Kalimuendo will be unable to continue, with the forward's match against his former club at an end. It's a defensive change for the hosts, who send Assignon on in his stead.,0

THE HOSTS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0 RENNES! The captain steps up and puts his side ahead with a lovely goal, getting on the end of Truffert’s cutback pass from the byline and side-footing a cool finish past Donnarumma from the penalty spot!,1

SZOBOSZLAI SCORES! That should do it for Leipzig! He stutters his run-up slightly before firing a low shot into the bottom-left corner. Sommer dives the right way, but it's just out of reach of his outstretched hand and he can't keep it out. 3-1 Leipzig!,1

Bayern are making another change in response to Leipzig's goal. Coman, who has been Bayern's biggest threat in this game, goes off for Tel.,0

NKUNKU SCORES! He steps up to take the spot-kick that he won and confidently dispatches it! It's an assured run-up, and he doesn't look up as he fires it straight down the middle. Sommer dives to his right and can only watch as it flies past him. 2-1 Leipzig!,1

Pavard gets back to stop Szoboszlai from putting a cross into the box but catches the forward on the head in the process. He's booked for it.,2

Gvardiol was shoved off the ball by Coman moments ago, and when he gets back up, he tugs the Frenchman back to stop him from getting away. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2

LAIMER EQUALISES! He starts the move, winning it back off Musiala when he dawdled on the ball and then burst forward through the middle. He laid it off to Nkunku on the right, and his attempt to square it to Silva is blocked by Pavard. It goes back to Laimer just inside the box and he fires it over Sommer and into the roof of the net. 1-1!,1

GNABRY SCORES! It's a good throughball from Muller, who just touches it through to Gnabry, who is making a run off the back of Orban. He takes it to the edge of the box before rifling a shot off the inside of the post and into the back of the net. 1-0 Bayern!,1

The Bees lead 2-1! Rasmussen is found by Baptiste on the right-hand side of the box, and has two bites of the cherry as his first shot is straight at Martinez. The ball comes fortuitously straight back to him and his second effort deflects off Konsa and into the back of the net to send the Brentford fans into ecstasy. ,1

Toney is booked for a slide tackle from behind on Sanson. He appeared to win the ball, but it's the type of challenge that you can't get away with in this day and age.,2

It's 1-1! The Bees have not been at the races at all so far, but Wissa gets his side back on level terms after being found by Rasmussen just outside the area. The forward takes a touch to shift it onto his left foot before finding the far corner with a superb finish.,1

Ramsey is the first player to go into the referee's book in this contest, doing so by tripping Onyeka in midfield.,2

The visitors get themselves in front! It's a sublime finish from Ings, who was played in by Buendia after a clever turn. The pass to Ings was perfectly weighted, and then the striker did the rest with a low left-footed finish across goal into the far corner past a diving Fernandez to make it 1-0.,1

MARTINEZ SCORES! It was his shot that won the penalty, and he steps up to take the spot-kick himself. He sends Romero the wrong way, coolly firing his effort into the left side of the goal with what will surely be the last kick of the game. 2-0 Inter!,1

There's another double change for Inter here. Barella is the first to make way, with Gagliardini on for him.,0

Darmian went down off the ball a few moments ago, and it looks like he has a problem with his thigh. He's going straight off, with Dumfries on for him.,0

There's a double change for Venezia here, with Aramu the first to make way. Henry is on in his place. ,0

Correa doesn't look happy when his number also goes up, and it's Martinez that comes on in his place. ,0

There's a double change for Inter now, with goalscorer Calhanoglu first to make way. Vecino replaces him.,0

It's a poor challenge from Aramu as he slides in on Correa from behind. He gets nowhere near the ball and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

CALHANOGLU SCORES! It looked like Inter had overplayed it, but their patience paid off. Venezia were slow to close them down and that allowed the visitors to recycle the attack. Caldara nicked it off Barella but played in Calhanoglu instead, who drilled his first-time shot right into the near bottom corner. 1-0 Inter! ,1

Conte plays his final card, as Sessegnon is replaced by Bergwijn, who has recent form as a late impact substitute.,0

BURNLEY BREAK THROUGH! The hosts go in front, as Brownhill crosses deep into the area from a free-kick out on the right and Mee beats Romero in the aerial battle to plant a powerful header past Lloris and into the back of the net! Burnley 1-0 Spurs!,1

Despite being heavily involved since the break, Emerson is the second Spurs player to be substituted and Lucas comes on in his place.,0

Having sustained an injury after slipping early on in the game, Bentancur makes way for Winks in the Tottenham midfield.,0

Bard has arguably been Nice's best player at left-back, but won't see out the game as he's replaced by Evann Guessand.,0

Coco has been fantastic up and down that right-hand side for Nantes, and on comes Fabio da Silva to see out the game in that position.,0

Dante catches Bukari late and concedes the foul. He's yellow carded too, meaning both of Nice's central defenders are now in the book.,2

Dolberg's been feeding off scraps up front, and Nice bring on Bilal Brahimi hoping he'll have better luck in front of goal.,0

Rosario's been busy in midfield for Nice, but his workload now shifts to Mario Lemina, who replaces him.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!!! Blas smashes his penalty from 12 yards, straight into the back of the net, and the Nantes captain gives his side a 1-0 lead in this final!,1

Dolberg is dispossessed by Pallois who sends Nantes away on the break. Simon knocks the ball past Todibo down the left, and is shoved to the ground by the Nice defender, who is booked.,2

Robertson becomes the latest player to be shown a yellow card, seemingly for taking too long with the throw-in.,2

Klopp is taking no chances with Alexander-Arnold, bringing on Lovren for the closing seconds. Four minutes have been added on here.,0

Milner makes way with five minutes to go after picking up a knock. Fabinho is on in his place in a like-for-like change in the middle.,0

Salah prevents Ospina from releasing the ball by putting his arm across the goalkeeper. The referee Damir Skomina reaches into his pocket for the third time today.,2

Klopp clearly wants more control in midfield, so on comes Keita for Firmino for the final 10 minutes.,0

Ghoulam is brought on for Rui as Napoli desperately attempt to grab a foothold on the match. That is all three changes made by Ancelotti in the space of six minutes. ,0

Mertens is off and Milik, who scored twice against Frosinone last weekend, is on in his place as Ancelotti makes a straight swap up top.,0

With Liverpool now well on top, coming close through a curled shot from Milner that flew a couple of yards wide, Ancelotti turns to his bench for the first time. Zielinski is on for Ruiz.,0

GOOOOOAAALLLL!! Liverpool 1-0 Napoli! This is quite brilliant from Salah, who really is hitting top form now. The Egypt forward shows good footwork to jink past Rui and Koulibaly, before coolly converting past Ospina at his near post. As good as the build-up play from Salah was, Ospina should have been doing a lot better.,1

Van Dijk times his challenge perfectly to win the ball from Mertens, but the Dutchman followed through and caught his opponent on the ankle. Van Dijk will now be suspended for Liverpool's next match if they make it through.,2

Pope is now the fourth Burnley player to be booked. The goalkeeper is penalised for time-wasting as he takes an age over his goal-kick. ,2

Dyche introduces fresh legs up front with another like-for-like change, replacing Vydra with Rodriguez in attack.,0

Tarkowski goes into the book for a cynical challenge, barging Richarlison off the ball to prevent an Everton counter.,2

Ancelotti makes another change now, bringing Holgate off at right-back for club captain Coleman, who takes the armband.,0

Dyche responds with a change of his own, a like-for-like swap between Gudmunds­son and Brady out wide.,0

Ancelotti makes a change as he tries to salvage a result from the game, bringing midfielder Davies off for an extra forward in King.,0

Lowton is the next player to go into the book for a poor challenge as the first half draws to a close now.,2

There's a change in goal now as Pickford is unable to continue, with young goalkeeper Virginia coming on to replace him.,0

GOAL!!! EVERTON HAVE ONE BACK!! Davies has the ball on the right and delivers a wicked ball into the middle for Calvert-Lewin, who meets it six yards out to power a header past Pope! It's 2-1 now!,1

GOAL!!!! WHAT A STRIKE FROM MCNEIL!!! McNeil receives the ball from Vydra in the inside-right channel and beats Allan with a neat piece of skill before bending a sumptuous effort into the top-left corner off the inside of the post! Pickford had no chance with that! It's 2-0 to Burnley now!,1

GOAL!! BURNLEY TAKE THE LEAD!! Davies is shrugged off the ball by Brownhill and McNeil bursts down the left before lashing a cross into the middle that deflects off Keane and falls for Wood just inside the area. The striker takes a touch to set himself before bending his shot around Holgate and into the far corner! It's 1-0 to Burnley!,1

ADEBAYO!!! 2-2! Luton are level! Adebayo outmuscles Worrall as he controls Lockyer's long ball into the box, before drilling past Turner from eight yards out. The travelling supporters are ecstatic and rightly so!,1

OGBENE!!! 2-1! Hope rekindled for Luton! The visitors send in a free-kick from the left that bamboozles the Forest defence and ricochets kindly for Ogbene, who brilliantly fires home on the volley.,1

WOOD AGAIN!!! 2-0 FOREST! It's that man again! Elanga teases Kabore before delivering an inviting cross. Wood attacks it and brilliantly plants his header just inside the far post, leaving Kaminski clutching at thin air.,1

WOOD!!! 1-0 FOREST! What a start to the second half by the hosts! Forest counter and a neat exchange of passes between Gibbs-White and Elanga releases Wood, who calmly lifts the ball over Kaminski.,1

Napoli make two more changes as the clock ticks down at San Siro. Politano makes way for Ngonge in the first of these.,0

Inzaghi turns to the bench and Darmian, whose opening goal has just been cancelled out, makes way for Buchanan.,0

JESUS!!! 1-1! The former Inter defender comes back to haunt his old side! Politano's corner from the right is inadvertently flicked on by Bastoni, and Jesus is unmarked at the far post to head into an empty net.,1

There will be no goal for Lautaro today, but the Inter skipper has put in another impressive shift for the hosts. He is replaced by Sanchez.,0

Calzona also opts for fresh legs up front as he introduces Simeone in favour of Raspadori. Interestingly, Osimhen remains on the bench.,0

Napoli make two more changes heading into the final quarter of an hour. The first of these sees Mario Rui replace Olivera.,0

Traore surges forward for Napoli before he is stopped in his tracks by Barella, whose late sliding challenge is punished with a yellow card.,2

Lobotka is deemed by the referee to have caught Thuram late. The midfielder is the first Napoli player to go into the book.,2

The hosts make a change at the break with Pavard, who is on a yellow card, replaced by Bisseck in defence.,0

DARMIAN!!! 1-0 INTER! The hosts break through just before half-time! They neatly work the ball from the right wing to the left. Bastoni arrives to deliver a precise low cross to the centre of the box, where the unmarked Darmian sweeps home.,1

Kvaratskhelia embarks on a powerful run into the heart of the Inter defence until he is felled by Pavard, who receives the first yellow card of this game.,2

RED CARD! Rekik is shown a straight red card after his challenge on Lewandowski. The pair went up for the ball, the defender brought the striker down and as Lewandowski lands, his feet strike Rekik. However, the Hertha defender then gets up lashes out at the striker, catching the striker in the face who goes down to the ground. There can't be too many complaints about that decision.,3

The visitors make their first substitution of the game, with Maier coming off and he has been replaced by Dardai.,0

Here is the third and final Bayern substitution, with Coman limping off the pitch and he has been replaced by Muller.,0

Bayern make their second substitution of the game, it's a straight swap out on the left wing, with Ribery heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Coman.,0

Kimmich is shown the first yellow card of the game, after Duda just nicks the ball away from him and the right-back dives into the tackle, bringing the Hertha man down.,2

Bayern have made a change ahead of the second half, with Goretzka then man coming off and he has been replaced by Thiago.,0

Wolves' opening goalscorer Lemina departs after a good shift in midfield, to be replaced by Joao Gomes.,0

Having mistimed a sliding challenge on Ait Nouri in midfield, Trippier joins two team-mates in the referee's notebook.,2

Although Neto's injury is a major blow, O'Neil takes the opportunity to pose Newcastle a different threat now: Kalajdzic is sent on to add more aerial presence up front.,0

Howe reacts to seeing his side brought back to level terms: Almiron is replaced by Willock for the closing stages.,0

WOLVES PULL LEVEL! The hosts have the leveller they deserve: it's 2-2 at Molineux! Pope's weak punch falls to Tote Gomes, who sidesteps two players on the edge of the box before switching it to Hwang. The latter then cuts inside and dispatches it into the bottom-right corner!,1

Halting Hwang's sprint towards the ball deep inside Newacstle territory, Lascelles brings his opponent down and is shown a yellow card.,2

Finally, the game's first booking arrives. It's a pointless one, as Burn sees yellow for sarcastically greeting the officials' decision to award Wolves a free-kick.,2

O'Neil decides to make a change in midfield, as Traore is withdrawn and Manchester City loanee Doyle sent on in his place.,0

WILSON DOUBLES UP! Just beating Sa from 12 yards, Wilson fires his penalty kick into the net via the goalkeeper's left hand! That puts Newcastle back in front just before the break, it's 2-1 to the Magpies!,1

WOLVES BITE BACK! Meeting Neto's outswinging corner from the left, Lemina dives ahead of Trippier to reach the ball and plants his header into the net! The hosts draw level: it's 1-1!,1

NEWCASTLE LEAD! An error by Sa sees the ball spilled inside the Wolves area, then Wilson reacts first. Tote Gomes then makes a miraculous block, but the England striker quickly pounces to force home the rebound: it's 1-0 to Newcastle at Molineux!,1

PULISIC!!! 4-1 CHELSEA! And surely, the three points are in the bag! Another lovely move by the Blues sees the American international meet James' deflected cross at the far post, before applying the finishing touch.,1

BENTEKE!!! 3-1! Hope for Palace! A brilliant move from the hosts results in Benteke powerfully heading home from Schlupp's inviting cross.,1

ZOUMA!!! 3-0 CHELSEA! The Blues have a third and Zouma gets in on the act! The centre-half climbs to meet Mount's deep free-kick and plant a firm header beyond the powerless Guaita.,1

PULISIC!!! 2-0! Chelsea are flying! Following a stunning move, Havertz turns provider by cutting the ball back to Pulisic, who takes a touch before ramming a ferocious shot past the helpless Guaita.,1

HAVERTZ!!! 1-0 CHELSEA! The Blues make their early pressure tell! Moments after Guaita does well to deny Pulisic from close range, he is unable to keep out Havertz. Receiving the ball in the box, the German international gets the ball onto his left foot, before neatly bending a shot into the far corner.,1

MAUPAY! 1-1! Brighton equalise in the final seconds! Veltman volleys Guaita's goal kick right back over the top and the Palace defence gets caught out. Maupay races onto Veltman's volley to find himself through one-on-one and he keeps his composure to send a delicate lob over the goalkeeper and in!,1

Zaha beats Trossard down the outside and he responds by hauling the attacker over to earn himself a yellow card. ,2

Burn makes way for Alzate at half time. With a midfielder coming on for a defender, this could signal a change in formation for the visitors.,0

ZAHA! 1-0! Palace take the lead on the stroke of half time. Zaha steps up confidently and rolls it low into the bottom corner, sending Sanchez the wrong way!,1

McArthur bursts past Lallana in midfield, but the Brighton player pulls him down and is shown a yellow card. ,2

Tavernier slides in on Poulsen, who was going nowhere near the corner flag. It's a frustrated challenge from the Rangers captain, and he also goes into the book.,2

Goldson catches Silva during an aerial challenge and picks up the first yellow card of the game for it.,2

ANGELINO SCORES! And what a goal it is! The corner is cleared away by Sakala at the near post, but he doesn't get a lot of distance on the header. Angelino runs onto it and puts his laces through it on the volley. It cuts through the crowd, McGregor sees it late, and it nestles into the bottom corner. 1-0 Leipzig!,1

Double change for Rangers now, and Jack is the first player to make way. Sands comes on to replace him.,0

Leipzig are making a double change as they look for a breakthrough. Olmo is the first to go off, with Forsberg on in his place.,0

And it's seven! Ake! This just keeps getting worse for Leeds. This time Foden puts in an outswinging corner and Ake rises highest to plant a firm header beyond Meslier from eight yards!,1

And Stones makes it six! 6-0. Laporte thumps a header against Meslier from De Bruyne's cross, but it falls to Stones. The defender fires one effort against Meslier, before collecting the next rebound and slotting it into the roof of the net!,1

STUNNING STRIKE! DE BRUYNE! 5-0. It's a brilliant goal from the Belgian. He receives a neat pass from Gundogan, before spinning and absolutely hammering a 25-yard strike beyond Meslier and into the roof of the net! That was past the goalkeeper in a flash.,1

Mahrez continues the scoring for City! 4-0. Gundogan feeds Mahrez on the edge of the box and the Algerian cuts inside before drilling a 20-yard strike that deflects off Firpo before nestling in the bottom corner! ,1

Gelhardt comes on at half-time for Leeds, following his goal against Chelsea last time out. James makes way.,0

Dias clatters into Roberts and initially, the referee waves play on for an advantage. However, he comes back once the ball's out of play to show the defender a yellow card. ,2

Shackleton can't continue and he makes way for Klich. Leeds will have to reshuffle with Dallas shifting into right-back.,0

De Bruyne makes it three! 3-0. Foden drops a pass into Rodrigo who instantly threads it through to De Bruyne with an incisive pass. De Bruyne shows no mercy and thunders a low, angle finish beyond Meslier from eight yards!,1

And Grealish doubles the lead! 2-0. Leeds struggle to clear a City corner and eventually, Mahrez swings in an inviting cross that an unmarked Grealish heads beyond Meslier from close range!,1

GOAL! FODEN! 1-0. It's a poor goal for Leeds to concede. Rodrigo rides a number of challenges and finds himself clean through! Meslier rushes out to knock it away from the midfielder, but it falls to Foden on the edge of the box and the attacker slots it past Dallas's despairing block and into the net!,1

Shoretire nudges Elia to the deck as the forward runs at the United defence. The substitute goes into the book.,2

Rangnick makes the curious decision to withdraw Henderson. Heaton replaces the keeper, making his first United appearance at the age of 35.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!! RIEDER SCORES A STUNNER!!!!!! 1-1!!!!!! Young Boys are back in the game courtesy of a fine strike from Rieder. Van de Beek gifts possession to the midfielder on the edge of the United box. Rieder gets the ball out of his feet before curling a right-footed attempt away from Henderson into the top-right corner.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!! GREENWOOD VOLLEYS HOME!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!! The home side take the lead through a super strike from Greenwood on the volley. United build down the left flank before Shaw lifts a cross into the box. Greenwood finds space to take on the volley first-time on his left foot, finding the bottom-left corner with a crisp finish. A fine goal from the England international.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FABINHO NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!! 4-1 LIVERPOOL!!!!! The Reds end the game with a flourish as Fabinho scores on the rebound. Tsimikas whips a dangerous free-kick into the box from the right flank that Fabinho attacks. His header is blocked by Pennington, but he pounces on the loose ball to hammer an effort on the half-volley past Marosi from a tight angle.,1

Daniels catches Robertson on the back of the ankle and goes into the book just a minute after entering the action.,2

Udoh is withdrawn by the visitors after a fine performance, including a goal. Janneh replaces the forward.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! FIRMINO SCORES A SUBLIME BACKHEEL!!!!!!!!!! 3-1 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! The Brazil international surely sends the Reds through to the fourth round with a delightful backheel from six yards. Shrewsbury fail to clear their lines from Robertson's free-kick and it allows Fabinho to send Bradley down the right flank. He cuts the ball back for Konate to fire at goal. The defender scuffs his effort towards Firmino, who ensures it finds the back of the net with a great finish with the back of his right heel.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! FABINHO CONVERTS!!!!!!!! 2-1 LIVERPOOL!!!!!!! The Reds complete a first-half comeback as the Brazil international blasts a strike into the bottom-left corner. Fabinho sends Marosi the wrong way and has no issue finding the net to hand the Premier League side the lead.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GORDON RESPONDS FOR LIVERPOOL!!!!!!! 1-1!!!!!!!! Gordon produces a composed finish from close range to notch the equaliser. Bradley is played into space down the right flank and he delivers a precise cross for the forward. Gordon takes a good first touch and does not panic under pressure. He places a low strike on his left foot past Marosi into the bottom-left corner with precision. The teenager scores his first senior goal for the club.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! UDOH PUTS SHREWSBURY AHEAD!!!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!!! What a moment for Udoh as he smashes a strike past Kelleher from close range. Ogbeta causes havoc down the left flank once more and he sends another brilliant cross into the box. On this occasion, Udoh is there and he makes no mistake hammering an effort into the top-left corner. The Shrews are in dreamland at Anfield.,1

Demiral catches Morata with an outstretched leg and brings down the Spaniard. The defender is booked by the referee.,2

Rabiot slides in hard on Zapata, and although he gets the ball, he comes in from behind to scythe down the forward.,2

Zappacosta pulls back Chiesa on the charge down the left flank on a Juve counter and goes into the book. Atalanta will take that considering Chiesa looked to be away.,2

Malinovskiy clatters into Dybala late and goes into the book, while Juve are awarded a free-kick in a useful position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ZAPATA FIRES ATALANTA IN FRONT!!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead as Zapata thumps a right-footed strike in off the bar. One pass from Djimsiti opens up the Juve defence as the defender slots a throughball into the path of Zapata in space. The forward races into the box before firing high at goal and the ball rattles the underside of the bar before nestling in the back of the net.,1

The home side make their final change as Vinagre comes on for Jonny. The wing-back has worked tirelessly today.,0

It is a double change for the home side as Cavaleiro comes on to replace Jota. The Spaniard has been at the heart of everything for Wolves.,0

Wolves make their first change of the match as Gibbs-White replaces Moutinho. The Portuguese midfielder has been exceptional.,0

GOAL! Jimenez makes it three! With West Ham short on numbers at the back, the hosts are able to break at pace. After being closed down by Diop, Jota slides the ball to his left and Jimenez fires the ball beyond Fabianski and into the back of the net from the centre of the box. 3-0.,1

GOAL! Jimenez doubles Wolves’ lead! Zabaleta needlessly fouls Jonny down the left-hand side of the field and Wolves win a free-kick. From the set-piece, Moutinho is able to deliver an inch-perfect cross into the box and Jimenez is perfectly placed after getting away from Rice on the penalty spot to steer the ball into the bottom right corner with his left foot. 2-0.,1

West Ham make their third and final change of the match as Hernandez comes on to replace Arnautovic who has not been able to influence proceedings.,0

Bennett retrospectively receives a yellow card after trying to cynically bring down Antonio from behind as the forward looked to break at pace into the Wolves half. He can have no complaints about that one.,2

Arnautovic is able to take the ball from Neves and the Portuguese midfielder catches the West Ham forward on the ankle with a late tackle. Neves goes into the book.,2

GOAL! Wolves take the lead! Following Fabianski’s save to deny Jonny, Moutinho swings the resulting corner in from the left and Saiss is waiting in the centre of the box to head the ball into the top left corner of the net. Fabianski stood no chance with that one. 1-0.,1

Snodgrass is booked for an extremely cynical foul on Jota on the edge of the area as the forward looked to drive into the box.,2

Saiss is the first player to go into the book following a cynical foul on Zabaleta in the Wolves defensive third.,2

Barcelona are doing everything they can to keep their clean sheet. Roberto has run tirelessly in the midfield and is now coming off. Garcia is sprinting on to add an extra number to Barcelona's defence.,0

Fresh legs are coming on in Valencia's midfield. Almeida is being replaced by Musah for the final 12 minutes.,0

Lino missed a big opportunity in the first half but created chances in the second off the left wing. He is now being given a rest with Kluivert coming on.,0

Valencia have taken off their captain. Correia is replaced by Castillejo who will add pace on the right wing.,0

Xavi makes a change in response to Araujo's red card. Fati comes off and is replaced by Alonso who will play at centre-back.,0

ARAUJO IS SENT OFF! Kounde tries to head the ball back to the defender, but gets it all wrong and sends Duro through on goal. With no other option, Araujo pulls him to the floor and receives a red card.,3

Valencia are trying to disrupt Barcelona before they take the penalty. Comert is replaced by Diakhaby in the defence.,0

Barcelona have made a change at the break. Starting their previous game, Kessie replaces De Jong in the midfield.,0

GOALLLL! RAPHINHA SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! What a run from Raphinha! Outside the box, Busquets chips the ball into the box with Raphinha getting in front of Vazquez. Unmarked in the middle of the box, he gets to the cross before the goalkeeper and heads in.,1

Cornet goes down after colliding with Ramsey and Lyon take no chances by swiftly replacing him with Andersen. ,0

Rabiot has had a quiet game for the away side and he's replaced by Bernardeschi as Juventus continue to search for an equaliser.  ,0

Pjanic is replaced by Ramsey in midfield as the away side search for an injection of energy in the centre.   ,0

Cornet is booked for a cynical challenge near the halfway line - he'd committed a few fouls earlier and the referee finally ran out of patience.  ,2

LYON TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! What a start for the French club! Auoar makes an enterprising run down the left flank towards the byline, before cutting back a dangerous pass into the six-yard box, where Tousart is unmarked to steer it into the top corner!,1

GOAL! SPEZIA 1-3 INTER! Sanchez grabs a goal to seal the win for Inter! Martinez finds the Chilean in the centre of the box and he slots the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

GOAL! SPEZIA 1-2 INTER! Hello! What's this? Maggiore curls a delightful effort into the top left corner off the left-hand post from outside the box. Ferrer had found the Spezia captain. Could Spezia salvage something from this game after all?,1

Alessandro Bastoni walks off the pitch. De Vrij replaces him in Inter's back three for the last 10 mnutes.,0

Now the game looks safe, Inter can start resting players. Darmian replaces Dumfries at right wing-back.,0

GOAL! SPEZIA 0-2 INTER! Inter have their second goal through Martinez! The substitute cleverly sticks out his right foot to flick Perisic's right-footed cross into the far bottom corner. It's no less than the champions deserve.,1

Spezia respond with more changes of their own. Manaj, who's had a few moments in this game, makes way for Nzola.,0

Reca leaves the pitch. Thankfully his knock doesn't look too serious. Ferrer replaces him for Spezia.,0

GOAL! SPEZIA 0-1 INTER! Brozovic looks up and floats a promising throughball towards the head of D'Ambrosio, who's stayed forward. The centre-back nods it back down to the Croatian who darts into the box to lash it left-footed into the top left corner. There's no keeping that out.,1

GOAL! Icardi surely wins it for PSG in stoppage time! They kept pressing forward and finally got their reward, with Icardi heading home Mbappe’s cross from close range, with Lopes having no chance of saving that. Excellent header from the striker and it looks like PSG will clinch all three points now, it’s 2-1!,1

Mendes is booked after he deliberately stops Cherki in his tracks after the Lyon man sprinted past him on the counter-attack.,2

Another PSG change now in an attempt to go on and score a winning goal. Di Maria is the man to come off and he has been replaced by Icardi.,0

Lopes is booked for timewasting, after taking too long with a goal-kick. It looks like Lyon might be trying to hang on for a point.,2

PSG make their first change of the game, with Messi the man coming off and he has been replaced by Hakimi.,0

Marquinhos is booked for a foul on the Lyon goalscorer Paqueta. The PSG skipper will have to be careful for the remainder of the game now.,2

GOAL! Neymar makes it 1-1 from the penalty spot! The striker watches and waits for Lopes to make a move, before coolly sliding the ball into the other side of the net. He had a while to wait due to the Lyon changes, so it was great composure by Neymar to convert.,1

Lyon make a double substitution ahead of the penalty, with Boateng the first to come off and he has been replaced by Diomande.,0

GOAL! Lyon take the lead, Paqueta fires them ahead! They switch the ball nicely, with Toko Ekambi finding space down the left wing and he sprints forward, before playing an excellent pass into the path of Paqueta, who gets ahead of Kimpembe and fires a first-time shot into the bottom right corner of the net. Donnarumma couldn't get down quickly enough to stop it. Excellent finish and Lyon lead 1-0!,1

Di Maria is shown the first yellow card of the game after he loses control of the ball and dives into a challenge with Caqueret, stamping on the midfielders foot.,2

GOAL!!! Arsenal make it 5-1!! Lacazette stands over the free-kick and gets it up over the wall and down superbly. It's not right in the corner, but it's a good take from the striker. Boruc may feel he could have done a little better. ,1

Substitute Daniels goes in rashly on Torreira on the edge of the box and gets himself booked trying to prevent the counter.,2

Aubameyang now makes way for the on-loan Suarez, who will hope he can get off the mark in the final 20 minutes of this game.,0

Torreira's challenge is untidy as he scraps for the ball with Mousset and he picks up a yellow card. ,2

Mkhitaryan goes off for Lacazette, who goes up front to try and get himself a goal. Aubameyang shifts out wide to accommodate him. ,0

GOAL!!! It's 4-1 to Arsenal!! Mkhitaryan sends Aubameyang racing clear and the striker bursts away from the chasing defenders before rounding Boruc and slotting home! He never looked like missing. The Gunners are in their comfort zone now. ,1

Emery makes a surprisingly bold substitution - Iwobi comes on for Kolasinac and Arsenal switch to a back four.,0

GOAL!!! Arsenal make it 3-1!! It's another lovely move with Ozil playing orchestrator. He plays Mkhitaryan in down the right and he fizzes a low cross through a defender's legs and into the path of Koscielny - who had stayed up after a free-kick - and the centre-half smashes it goalwards. Boruc claws it away, but it looks like it's just over the line. Aubameyang slots home just to make sure, but it's the skipper's goal. The Gunners have their two-goal cushion back! ,1

Sokratis picks up a deserved yellow for a crunching tackle on Fraser that leaves the wide-man in a heap. Not a pretty challenge.,2

DIVE! King runs at Koscielny at the edge of the box and knocks the ball past the Frenchman before throwing himself to the floor. The referee rightly books him for diving. That's really poor. ,2

GOAL!!! Bournemouth get one back!! Leno plays it short from a goal-kick to Guendouzi, and he gets caught by the high press of Gosling, who simply squares for Mousset to slot into an empty net! Arsenal have shot themselves in the foot, and it's now 2-1!,1

GOAL!!! It's 2-0 to Arsenal! It's lovely play from the Gunners, as Mkhitaryan plays a neat one-two with Ozil round the advancing Boruc, before the former places the ball into an empty net! That ought to settle the nerves.,1

GOAL!!! ARSENAL LEAD! Ozil opens the scoring for the Gunners! Kolasinac pokes the ball through for the German, who is in acres of space on the left side of the box, and he dinks the ball expertly over Boruc and into the net, despite the keeper getting a hand to it! It's 1-0 to Arsenal! ,1

A fight breaks out between the players and the referee books Kane for his involvment after he elbows Neves.,2

GOAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLL! 1-0 Tottenham!! It's been coming and who else but Kane? It's a corner from Son that looks to be going nowhere but Perisic flicks it towards Kane at the far post, who heads home his 250th goal for the club.,1

Podence is off for Jimenez, a pure centre-forward who can surely help Wolves as they look for an opening goal.,0

GOAAALLLLLL Lazio 0-3 Inter - Icardi grabs his second of the match and puts this game to bed with a delightful finish inside the box. The striker latched onto a throughball, turned inside one defender before firing past Strakosha. Brilliant play from the Argentina international!,1

GOAAAALLLLL!!!! - Lazio 0-2 Inter - Spalletti's men take the corner short and Brozovic collects possession on the edge of the box before drilling a shot towards goal. The slippery surface makes it harder for Strakosha and he cannot get a hand to the ball as it sails into the far corner.,1

Immobile shows plenty of frustration as he makes a poor tackle on halfway just minutes after going behind.,2

GOAAALLLLLL Lazio 0-1 Inter!!!!! Icardi comes alive in the box to fire his team into the lead. The striker peels away from two defenders and he cannot miss as he taps in from close range. Vecino had tried to play him in but his pass was deflected and Icardi still found the bottom corner.,1

Hernandez is another PSG debutant who's impressed in this game, but he's replaced by club captain Marquinhos as PSG prepare to throw everything - and everyone - forward.,0

Lee has made a superb impression on his first PSG appearance, but comes off late for Ekitike to provide more of a presence in the final third.,0

PSG make two changes with little over 20 minutes of this contest left, the first seeing Fabian Ruiz replace Vitinha in midfield.,0

Soler also comes on, and he'll replace Asensio, who's certainly shown some promise on his PSG debut, out wide.,0

Ponceau will also enter the fray for the visitors, replacing Makengo in the centre of Lorient's midfield.,0

Lorient make their first two chances of the match, with the rather ineffectual Dieng replaced by Kone up front.,0

He has only been on the pitch for a matter of minutes, but Castillejo is already in the referee’s book, having prevented Bastoni from taking a quick free-kick.,2

Another change from Milan now, as Gattuso looks to run down the clock. Suso has played well without much reward, and he has now been replaced by compatriot Samu Castillejo.,0

A second change for Parma sees Matteo Scozzarella – a star performer for the visitors today – make way for Leo Stulac.,0

KESSIE MAKES NO MISTAKE! A calm, composed finish from the midfielder, who sends Sepe the wrong way to slot a neat effort into the bottom-right corner.,1

Borini has received a yellow card for complaining to the referee that Bastoni was not booked for his deliberate handball.,2

Well, Gervinho will not get the chance to add to his goal tally for the season today. He is going off, with Amato Ciciretti on for Parma.,0

CUTRONE RESTORES PARITY! Well, Parma’s lead was short-lived, as Cutrone hammers in a brilliant strike on the volley. The ball looped up and dropped over the youngster’s shoulder, but Milan’s forward made no mistake with an excellent finish across goal that clipped in off the inside of the post. VAR is consulted with to double-check the validity of the goal, but finally the game gets back underway with the scores all level.,1

PARMA TAKE THE LEAD! Inglese has put the visitors in front! The corner is whipped in to the near post by Scozzarella, and Parma’s striker rises highest to direct a header into the far corner.,1

Son makes it four! 4-0. Kane shrugs off Forshaw in midfield and looks up before sending an inch-perfect pass over the top for Son. The attacker races onto the throughball and cooly slots it over Meslier and into the back of the net!,1

The flurry of yellows continues as Dallas is booked for a clumsy challenge on Sessegnon. The second half has yet to open up in the same way as the first.,2

Kane makes it three! 3-0. It's a brilliant goal from the visitors. Hojbjerg angles a precise chip over the defence and Kane watches it fly over Koch's head before steering a sensational volley across Meslier and into the bottom corner from a tight angle!,1

And Kulusevski doubles the lead! 2-0. Kulusevski has the ball in the corner and it looks like he's going nowhere. However, Firpo allows the attacker to wriggle into the box, where he rides two challenges before whipping a brilliant strike in at the near post from 10 yards!,1

GOALL! DOHERTY! 1-0. Tottenham take an early lead. Winks kick-starts a counter by threading a pass in behind for Sessegnon. The wingback drives towards the box before sending in a low cross for Doherty to fire into the net from close range!,1

GOAL!!! Brighton have a goal back! Gross receives the ball outside the penalty area and cuts onto his right foot. He drills towards goal, and it flies past the diving Areola into the bottom corner to close the deficit to two goals with the scoreline 3-1 to the visitors. Will it be a consolation or the start of an incredible comeback?,1

Moyes brings on centre-back Kehrer for Antonio in a defensive change as West Ham look to see the game out.,0

GOAL!!! IT IS 3-0!!! The Hammers are surely on their way to victory now as Antonio puts them three goals to the good! It is sublime again from Bowen, who brings down a long punt upfield by Areola before finding Antonio with a searching pass. The striker jinks one way and then the other to wrongfoot Webster, before thumping into the bottom corner!,1

Chasing the game, De Zerbi looks to his bench. His first substitution is to bring on Pedro for Welbeck.,0

GOAL!!! WEST HAM ARE 2-0 UP!!! It is a quite brilliant goal as a sweeping counter sees Antonio set Benrahma away down the left. He is short of options at first, but when they finally arrive, Benrahma arrows a delightful ball for Bowen in the box. The Europa Conference League final hero brings it down superbly, before coolly poking past Verbuggen to put the Hammers well in control.,1

Alvarez goes in the book for a nasty challenge on Welbeck. Perhaps more concerning for the Hammers, though, is the fact the Seagulls will have a free-kick in a great shooting position.,2

The Hammers change does finally happen as Benrahma comes on for Soucek, who walks straight down the tunnel.,0

Ward-Prowse receives the first yellow card of the contest for a poor sliding challenge on Gilmour in midfield.,2

GOAL!!! WEST HAM ARE IN FRONT!!! Antonio again causes problems in the Brighton defence, showing his strength to dispossess Webster before squaring for Ward-Prowse. The former Southampton man sees his first attempt blocked by Gilmour, but he is alert to latch onto the rebound and smash home. 1-0 to the Hammers!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KLAASSEN NOTCHES A THIRD FOR AJAX!!! 3-1!!!!! The visitors end the game on the highest of notes as Klaassen converts from close range. Antony continues his dominant performance as he collects in space in the right-inside channel before he cuts the ball back across the face of goal. Klaassen makes a late run and dispatched a close-range finish into the middle of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! HALLER HEADS AJAX IN FRONT!!!! 2-1 AJAX!!!! The Dutch side take the lead through a sublime header from Haller. Antony again cuts inside from the right flank and delivers a precise cross with his left foot into the box. Haller rises ahead of Akanji and guides his effort away from Kobel into the left corner of the net. Dortmund's defence has been undone in the closing stages.,1

Knauff brings down Mazraoui down the right flank for Ajax and goes into the book. The visitors have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! TADIC STRIKES AT THE BACK POST!!!!! 1-1!!!! Ajax are level as Tadic latches on to a deflected cross from Antony to steer home a left-footed effort. Antony cuts in from the right flank and clips a cross into the Dortmund box. It deflects off the head of Pongracic, which takes the ball into the path of Tadic at the back post. He holds his composure to guide an effort past a stranded Kobel.,1

Klaassen replaces Alvarez in the Ajax midfield at the break. Ten Hag is taking no chances with the midfielder already on a yellow card.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! REUS CONVERTS FROM THE PENALTY SPOT!!!! 1-0 DORTMUND!!! The home side take the lead as Reus hammers fires his right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner. Pasveer gets a hand to the ball, but he cannot keep it out. Dortmund have a lead to defend.,1

OFF! Hummels slides in from behind on Antony down the left flank and referee Michael Oliver brandishes the red card. It appears a harsh decision on the field, and will be reviewed by VAR.,3

Grygorchuk is trying to run down the clock now as he makes a substitution at the start of stoppage time. It's Murtazayev that makes way for Janga.,0

Final change for United now and it's Galbraith that's handed his debut this time as he replaces Gomes.,0

Another substitution for United and another debut as well. Garner is the player making way as Ramazani comes on in his place.,0

Solskjaer makes his first change of the game and he's giving a debut to Bughail-Mellor. Chong is the player coming off.,0

Levitt picks up a booking after catching Beysebekov with a late challenge as he tried to win the ball back.,2

THEY'RE LEVEL! Astana go straight down the other end and Murtazayev slots the ball through to Shomko on the left of the box. Bernard can't close him down quickly enough and he fires it into the far bottom corner to level the score. 1-1!,1

Sigurjonsson picks up the first yellow card of the game after sliding in late and catching Lingard on the ankle. ,2

UNITED LEAD! Lingard takes quite a heavy first touch but he isn't closed down by Astana's defenders and he drills his low show through the crowd of players into the box and into the bottom corner with the help of a slight deflection. 1-0 United!,1

Ritchie comes on for Murphy as Newcastle look to keep things tight in the final five minutes of the 90.,0

GOAAAAL! NEWCASTLE ARE BACK IN FRONT! IT'S 2-1 AS ALMIRON STRIKES! Newcastle have been well on top since Wolves' leveller, with the visitors dropping too deep and inviting pressure. Almiron punishes them, taking Willock's pass in his stride and beating Sa on his left foot! St James' Park erupts!,1

Wolves make another switch. Collins comes on for Moutinho in their final substitution, which will mean a change of shape to 3-4-3 for Lopetegui's men.,0

GOAAAAAL! HWANG MAKES A RAPID IMPACT! 1-1! It's a calamity of errors at the back from Newcastle as Wolves level it up! The referee plays advantage for a pull on Matheus, who flicks the ball towards Hwang in the area. Trippier slides in and inadvertently takes the ball away from Pope, allowing Hwang to tap into an empty net just a minute after coming on!,1

Wolves respond to Newcastle's double change with a triple switch. Matheus is on for captain Neves, who appeared to be struggling with a knock.,0

Isak is booked for a late challenge. That will be his final involvement as Wilson prepares to come on.,2

Semedo goes into the book after bringing Murphy down on the break. The Newcastle fans want a stronger punishment, but Wolves had other defenders covering, and the card is yellow.,2

Wolves make a change in attack at the break. Neto is on for Traore on the right. Will the Portuguese winger spark a fightback?,0

Podence trips Murphy and becomes the first player to be cautioned. Newcastle get another free-kick on the right, in a similar position to that which led to the opening goal.,2

GOAAAAL! ISAK PUTS NEWCASTLE AHEAD! 1-0! The Magpies have the breakthrough as Trippier whips a deep free-kick into the area from the right. Isak gets ahead of Neves to flick a header towards goal, and the ball nestles in the bottom-left corner!,1

Palace are making a double change of their own. Olise is the first to go off, with Hughes on for him.,0

EZE SCORES! Palace's pressure finally pays off! There's a big crowd of Leeds players on the edge of the box, but Zaha picks out Eze. He takes it past Kristensen, leaving him on the floor, before rifling his shot past Meslier and into the back of the net. 2-1 Palace!,1

And Ayew does make his way straight off the pitch. Mitchell comes on for him, with Schlupp moving into a more advanced role.,0

Palace are making a double change here. Doucoure is the first to go off, with Milivojevic on in his place.,0

Bamford is away down the right and Guehi is struggling to catch up. He grabs hold of his shirt and gives him a big tug back. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

EDOUARD EQUALISES! It's Olise that steps up to take the free-kick, and he whips a brilliant cross into the far post. Edouard gets in front of Kristensen and thumps his header past Meslier's outstretched hand and into the top corner. VAR has a look for offside, but after a long check, the goal stands! 1-1!,1

Doucoure steps onto Adams' trailing leg, his studs digging into his ankle. It was accidental, but it's a poor challenge, and he's shown the first booking.,2

STRUIJK SCORES! It all comes from Aaronson's work as he cuts inside from the right, dribbling past three Palace defenders to open up the space for his shot as he curls it towards the far post. It would've been a wonderful goal, but it bounced off the post to the unmarked Struijk, who coolly slots it through Ward's legs into the net. 1-0 Leeds!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MARTINELLI SCORES WITH HIS SECOND TOUCH!!!!!!!! 2-0 ARSENAL!!!!!!! The Gunners double their advantage as the Brazilian clips a strike past Dubravka from a tight angle. Tomiyasu floats a brilliant ball into the right-inside channel for the run of the forward. Martinelli takes the ball out of the air and guides it into the left corner of the net. A composed finish from Martinelli.,1

Lascelles earns his fifth yellow card of the season and will miss Newcastle's next game for wiping out Aubameyang.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SAKA FIRES ARSENAL AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Gunners cut open the Magpies down the left flank and Saka applies the finish with a crisp strike. Smith Rowe and Tavares exchange passes before the latter releases the run of Saka into the left-inside channel. The England international holds his composure, drilling a left-footed effort low and hard past Dubravka.,1

Taveres runs at Krafth down the left flank and draws a foul after being barged out of play. The Swede goes into the book for his challenge.,2

Vela slid in wildly on Gudmundsson as Burnley turned the ball over in midfield, and is booked by the referee after that passage of play comes to an end.,2

GOOOOAALLL!!! Burnley win it late!!! Taylor's 20-yard effort is stopped brilliantly by Lynch, but Tella heads the ball back across the face and Vitinho turns it goalwards. A scrambling Lynch looks like he might get there, but it's flicked into the back of the net by Roberts on the line to give Burnley the 1-0 lead they've chased all game long! Fleetwood's heroic resistance is finally broken at the death, as pandemonium is sparked in the stands at Turf Moor!,1

Andrew is next off for Fleetwood, and defender Brendan Sarpong-Wiredu replaces him for the last few moments of normal time.,0

Foster has been busy but wasteful up front for Burnley, and he's replaced late on by Halil Dervisoglu.,0

Unfortunately Zaroury can't continue, and Macedonian international Darko Churlinov replaces the starting winger with 16 minutes of normal time to go.,0

Burnley make their first changes of the game, the first of three seeing Beyer replaced by Connor Roberts.,0

Rooney trips Taylor as the two chase a long ball from the back, and the Fleetwood wing-back is booked for the foul on his opposite man.,2

RED CARD!!!! He is off, and that wild challenge was always asking for trouble!!! Hayes keeps the ball well on the edge of the box and has a shot deflected into the air. He sticks his foot high into the air to win it back, but clatters studs-first into the chest of Cullen. The Burnley player is crumpled in a heap on the floor, and the referee shows a red card to the Fleetwood striker!,3

Vitinho is found by a long cross-field pass and looks to race beyond Andrew. He cuts inside and is about to enter the box, before being held back by the Fleetwood defender and winning a free-kick, with Andrew booked for his troubles.,2

KOKE MAKES IT THREE FOR ATLETICO! 3-1! It's a defensive nightmare for Brugge; Griezmann tears around Mechele on the left and cuts a pass back in. He only finds Poulain, who backheels it straight to the Atletico man, who duly lifts it into the box from eight yards out. The Spaniards will take the full three points for certain.,1

Openda picks up a yellow card after a crashing tackle on Hernandez leaves the latter sprawled on the turf.,2

IT'S TWO FOR GRIEZMANN! 2-1! Brugge will be absolutely kicking themselves there. Costa speeds into the box on the left, stops dead in his tracks and cuts back for his fellow striker to duly clip in at the far post with Letica well out of position. The hosts have their noses back in front.,1

GROENEVELD FOR BRUGGE! 1-1! Blimey! What a shot from the midfielder! He steps in off the left wing, 25 yards out, and turns an absolutely beautiful strike in at the far post. Glorious stuff; it's all square again in Madrid.,1

Gimenez gets a booking now too after he sends Wesley sprawling with a poor challenge a few moments later.,2

GRIEZMANN GIVES ATLETICO THE LEAD! 1-0! It's a beauty of a strike from the France forward, curled tightly in from the right edge of the box at the left post past the outstretched hands of Letica after Brugge failed to clear their box following the corner. First blood to the hosts.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BURKE PUTS SHEFFIELD UNITED BACK IN FRONT!!!!!! 2-1!!!! Out of nowhere the visitors regain the lead. Martial loses possession and it allows the Blades to break forward. Lundstram probes down the right flank and finds Burke, who sees his first shot blocked. Sheffield recycle possession and Lundstram offloads to Burke once more. He connects with a firm effort that deflects off the thigh of Tuanzebe before striking the underside of the bar and into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MAGUIRE EQUALISES!!! 1-1!! The home side are level as Maguire scores against his hometown club. Telles puts his delivery from a corner on the left flank on the mark towards the penalty spot. Maguire gets a march on Jagielka and sends his header low into the bottom-right corner, giving Ramsdale no chance.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BRYAN HEADS THE BLADES IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!!! The bottom club in the Premier League take the lead at Old Trafford as Bryan converts from close range. Fleck puts his delivery from the right flank on the money towards the near post. Bryan rises highest and gets there ahead of De Gea before guiding his header into the net with the aid of the left post.,1

Gordon's cynical sliding challenge takes out Baptiste in order to prevent a counter-attack but lands the Everton forward in trouble with the referee, who produces a yellow card.,2

BRENTFORD EQUALISE! 1-1! The corner swung in from the right is met by Lewis-Potter, who manages to use his head to flick the ball towards the back post. Standing nearly on the line, Janelt is there to turn it in!,1

Pickford is shown a yellow card for keeping hold of the ball despite the referee’s decision of a Brentford corner-kick.,2

EVERTON TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It’s a well-worked goal from the visitors, who strike against the run of play thanks to Coady’s superb ball over the top of the defence. Stepping into the centre-circle, the defender hits a long pass that splits the opposition, allowing Gordon to beat his markers to it. From there it’s a simple finish with the forward dragging a shot into the far corner!,1

Murillo clips Hwang very late indeed and prevents the South Korean from running in behind Forest's defence, picking up a yellow card for the cynical challenge.,2

Aina also comes off late in the day for the hosts, with Arsenal loanee Nuno Tavares replacing him at left-back.,0

Danilo's goal gave Forest a short-lived lead early in this half, and the Brazilian's been one of their better performers as Rodrigo Ribiero replaces him late on.,0

Irish youth international Nathan Fraser also comes on for the visitors, replacing Sarabia for the final throes of this end-to-end contest.,0

Wolves make another pair of late subs, with Semedo replaced by young academy striker Tawanda Chirewa.,0

Gibbs-White and Semedo get into a tangle as the Forest midfielder clips his Wolves counterpart after losing the ball, and that challenge will earn Gibbs-White a yellow card from the referee.,2

It's been a brace-scoring return from injury for Wolves' Cunha, who comes off now for Boubacar Traore to shore up the visitors' midfield.,0

Forest make their next change in the attacking positions, with Divock Origi on to partner Wood up front in place of Reyna.,0

Forest captain Yates is withdrawn in their first change, with Nicolas Dominguez coming into his midfield place.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Wolves weren't behind for long!!! Omobamidele's block on a Hwang cross yields a corner for the visitors, which is swung in towards Kilman at the far post. His header back across goal isn't dealt with by Sels, and falls for Cunha to prod it in from close range!!! 2-2 at the City Ground, as this fantastic game takes yet another twist!,1

Hwang Hee-Chan is also on after five weeks out, and he'll replace Doherty with Wolves chasing a 2-1 deficit!,0

Having gone behind for the first time in the match, Wolves manager Gary O'Neil makes two changes, with the first seeing Hugo Bueno replace Joao Gomes.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Forest have turned it around in the second half!!! Just moments after a wayward shot from Reyna is thumped clear, the hosts are straight back onto the attack. Gibbs-White drives forward into the box but can't get a shot away as he loses possession to several sliding challenges, however the ball falls into the path of Danilo and he slots beyond Sa from close range!!! The City Ground rises as Forest take a 2-1 lead, coming back from 1-0 down late in the first half!,1

Sa's rushed clearance is cut out by Murillo and Yates carries the ball back towards goal, but he's clipped from behind by Joao Gomes in a challenge which sees the Wolves midfielder shown a yellow card!,2

GOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! Forest equalise right on the stroke of half-time thanks to a familiar Wolves face!! Omobamidele's near-post shot is blocked behind for a corner and Reyna swings the ball into the box. It's the former Wanderer Gibbs-White who darts to the near post and glances a low header beneath the stranded Sa and into the back of the net!!! 1-1 at the City Ground, and we've got a game on our hands here!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! It's a sensational opener for Wolves!!! After Forest take a quick free-kick and Hudson-Odoi's cross is caught by Sa, the goalkeeper throws it out towards Cunha, who sets off on a frankly spellbinding run. He's forced wide by Omobamidele, but turns skilfully to beat both him and Yates before smashing an absolute rocket beyond Sels and into the top corner!!! From nowhere, Wolves are 1-0 up, and it's a superb end-to-end move from the visitors!,1

A 50-50 challenge between Lemina and Yates ends with the Forest captain being clipped late following a poor touch from the Wolves midfielder, and Lemina is shown the first yellow card of this contest.,2

ONE MINUTE, ONE TOUCH, ONE GOAL! 3-1! Dembele finds Hakimi on an enterprising overlapping run, with the full-back pulling a cross towards the penalty spot just ahead of the byline. On the pitch for 60 seconds, Kolo Muani gets on the end of the pass and taps home a first-time finish!,1

RENNES CUT THE DEFICIT! 2-1! A loose pass from Ugarte gives the hosts possession in their opponent’s half, with Assignon finding Blas inside the penalty area. The winger curls a left-footed cross to the back post for Gouiri, who gets the better of Hernandez and directs his header past Donnarumma!,1

HAKIMI MAKES IT 2-0! Zaire-Emery receives possession of the ball 25 yards from goal and picks his head up before floating a lovely cross over the top of the defence for Hakimi. The Morocco international continues his run and manages to beat the goalkeeper at his near post!,1

THE VISITORS TAKE THE LEAD WITH A SUBLIME STRIKE! 1-0! Dembele again carries the ball down the right wing before cutting in, riding three or four challenges before finding Vitinha in a pocket of space on the far side. The Portugal international takes a touch to set himself before placing the ball on his right foot and curling a lovely effort over the outstretched hand of Mandanda and in!,1

VAZQUEZ SCORES! And that should do it for Madrid! The move starts with a lovely turn from Benzema and Kroos switches it out to Vinicius. He rides the challenge from Vidal and squares it into the middle for Vazquez. He hits it first time, and Herrera can't get down to keep it out. 3-1 Madrid!,1

Camavinga, who was booked just five minutes into this game is being taken off, and he takes a slow walk off the field. Isco is on for him.,0

The yellow card is out again, this time for Nacho who tripped Budimir as he tried to break. That booking means he'll miss Madrid's next league game.,2

Militao pushes into Herrera as the keeper comes to collect Asensio's cross and he's shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOOALLLL! 2-1 MADRID! The visitors restore their lead through Asensio’s ninth league goal of the season. Camavinga dinks over the top for Ceballos, who sees his shot saved by Herrera but Asensio is there to tap-in on the rebound.,1

Brasanac flies into a tackle in the middle of the park, catching Benzema late, and joins Camavinga in the referee's book.,2

GOOOOOOOALLL! 1-1 OSASUNA INSTANTLY RESPOND! Just as Madrid edge ahead, Avila goes down the other end and whips across for Budimir, who is unmarked at the back post and taps into an empty net.,1

GOOOOOOOALLL! 1-0 MADRID! A lovely free-kick routine pay offs for the visitors. Asensio goes short to Ceballos, who chips to the back post where Benzema squares across. Alaba is denied by Herrera, but the save rebounds off the Austria international and ends up in the back of the net!,1

Camavinga becomes the first name in the book as he catches Moncayola with a late lunge when contesting for a bouncing ball in the middle.,2

Sarabia and Cunha can't keep the ball in play to bring what will likely be wolves' last chance to an end, and after Shaw kicks the ball away, he's shown a yellow himself for dissent.,2

Garnacho may have been subbed off, but that doesn't mean he escapes a yellow card for his part in United's wild celebrations there!,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!! You. Are. Kidding. Forson passes to Mainoo on the left, and the youngster sets off on a spellbinding run past one, two, three Wolves players before calmly rolling a low finish beyond Sa's grasp and into the far corner!!! 4-3 to the Red Devils as pandemonium ensues in the away end, and they might just win this game after all!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! Absolutely astonishing from Wolves! They counter at a rapid rate from United's latest corner and Cunha plays the ball wide to Neto, who cuts inside Shaw and squeezes a low shot into the bottom-right corner!!! Onana wrong-footed, and in the blink of an eye Wolves go from back to front to equalise at 3-3!,1

Jonny Evans is introduced from the bench as the Red Devils look to shore up this result, and he'll replace Garnacho for the final minutes of added time.,0

United break at speed and in numbers, culminating with Garnacho squaring for Antony on the edge of the box. He's about to pull the trigger, but is hacked down from behind by his Brazil team-mate Cunha and the Wolves forward is shown a yellow for the blatant foul.,2

Harry Maguire also comes on to see out the game for the visitors, replacing the incredibly tenacious Martinez at centre-half.,0

Another Wolves goal means more United changes, with Hojlund replaced by another youngster in academy product Omari Forson.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Wolves aren't out of this fight yet!! Sarabia's delivery sparks a scramble in the box as the initially cleared ball is volleyed back towards goal by Dawson. It comes to Kilman barely five yards out, and the Wolves captain swivels to smash a shot beyond Onana and into the top corner!! 3-2 with five minutes to go, and we're set for a tense, nervy finish here at Molineux!,1

A later double-change coming for Wolves, with Joao Gomes first on to replace Doyle in the middle of the park.,0

After the ball goes behind and out of play off Ait-Nouri, Onana takes an age to take the resultant goal-kick and is shown a yellow card for time-wasting by the official!,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Two-goal cushion restored for the visitors!! Fernandes swings in the corner, and McTominay makes a late dash to the near post to fire a downward header off the turf and into the top corner!!! A decisive early touch from the substitute, and Wolves' fightback is thwarted as United go 3-1 up!!!,1

Casemiro's been walking a tightrope for some time in this game, and is withdrawn for Scott McTominay after conceding that penalty.,0

Antony also comes on for the final 20 or so minutes, taking the place of opening goalscorer Rashford for the Red Devils.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!!! Sarabia scores from the spot!!! Onana dives left, but the Spaniard goes straight down the middle, rolling the ball home to cut United's lead in two and make it 2-1. We've got a game on our hands at Molineux!,1

Wolves make their second change of the half, as Pablo Sarabia is introduced into the attack and takes the place of Bellegarde.,0

Doherty's been run ragged at times down that left-hand side for Wolves, and comes off now for Rayan Ait-Nouri, who is back at Molineux following Algeria's earlier-than-expected exit from the Africa Cup of Nations.,0

Martinez clatters Semedo as the Wolves wing-back collects a pass, and picks up the yellow card for a rash challenge which gifts the hosts a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Dawson and Hojlund clatter into each other as a throughball rolls forward, and the Wolves defender is penalised as well as being shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! United have a second!!! More quick interplay sees the ball shifted from right to left through Garnacho, Rashford and Shaw, and the latter's low cross to the near post takes a nick off Kilman before Hojlund slides in to divert it goalwards. The Dane was in the right place at the right time to make the most of that deflection, and he puts the Red Devils 2-0 up from close range!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!!! The Red Devils lead already!!! Good play around the Wolves box culminates with Dalot drilling a low ball into the feet of Hojlund. He turns and lays it off to Rashford on the edge of the area, who side-foots a powerful first-time effort right into the top-left corner!!! Nothing Sa could do about that, and putting Manchester United 1-0 up just five minutes in is the perfect redemption for Rashford!,1

Quick feet from Semedo takes him past Shaw and over halfway, before he's chopped down from behind by Casemiro. The Manchester United midfielder's never getting anywhere near the ball, and it's a textbook yellow for the Brazilian just three minutes into the contest.,2

Nagelsmann looks to see out the final seconds as he replaces Haidara with an extra defender in Orban.,0

GOAL!!! SORLOTH HAS SURELY WON IT FOR LEIPZIG!!!! The substitute tries his luck with a fiercely-struck effort from the edge of the box and it swerves past the unsighted Gunok and in! It's 4-3 to Leipzig!,1

Rafael is booked as Kluivert jinks past him, draws the foul and goes down. The Brazilian might feel that his booking was another soft one.,2

Olmo is off for the pace and trickery of Kluivert as Nagelsmann now finds himself chasing a goal in the closing stages.,0

GOAL!!! IT'S A HAT-TRICK FOR KAHVECI!!! The midfielder stands over a free-kick on the right and strikes an unstoppable effort over the wall with plenty of pace and dip that cannons in off the crossbar! Gulacsi could only stand and watch! It's 3-3!,1

Gulbrandsen is off for Crivelli in the closing stages as Buruk throws fresh legs on in an attempt to snatch a late equaliser.,0

Tekdemir takes issue with the referee and gets right in his face, earning himself a yellow card for dissent.,2

GOAL!! KAHVECI HITS ANOTHER!! It's a stunner from the midfielder! Kahveci receives the ball on the right and cuts in onto his favoured left foot. Nobody closes him down and he takes the shot on from outside the box that curls sumptuously past Gulacsi and into the bottom-left corner! It's 3-2 now!,1

GOAL!! OLMO MAKES IT 3-1 TO LEIPZIG!! Olmo is fed by Angelino down the left and shifts the ball quickly and cleverly to jink past his marker in the box before slotting a low strike in at the near post! ,1

Nagelsmann also makes a surprising change, replacing the lively Forsberg with Sorloth, introducing an extra striker.,0

That was Visca's final contribution as he's replaced by Giuliano. That's a bold decision by Buruk to replace the winger.,0

Turuc is the latest player to receive a soft yellow card. He steps on Forsberg's foot as he goes for the ball, but it's not a nasty challenge. He certainly looks aggrieved at going into the book.,2

Upamecano protests as he's shown a yellow card that will keep him out of the game against Manchester United. It looked like the defender won the ball and, even if he didn't, the foul didn't look worthy of a booking.,2

Basaksehir boss Buruk makes two half-time changes as he tries to get his side back on level terms. The first sees Ozcan replaced by Tekdemir in midfield.,0

Basaksehir's second change sees Skrtel depart - presumably due to injury - with Epureanu taking his place.,0

GOAL!!! BASAKSEHIR HAVE ONE BACK!! Well, that goal has come out of nowhere! A clever short corner is taken to Kahveci on the edge of the box and he curls a first-time strike inside the near post! It's 2-1 now!,1

GOAL!! MUKIELE DOUBLES LEIPZIG'S LEAD!! Forsberg plays some clever one-twos on the edge of the box before crossing from the left and it finds its way through to Mukiele, arriving in the box unmarked. The defender lashes a low, strike with his weaker left foot and it nestles in the bottom-left corner of the net! It's 2-0 to Leipzig now!,1

Skrtel picks up the first yellow card of the game for a high boot on Poulsen. That rules the defender out of the next game.,2

That substitution is now made, with Bolingoli-Mbombo staying off the field and Chadli coming on in his place. He goes out to the left wing, with Turuc dropping to left-back.,0

GOAL!! LEIPZIG TAKE THE LEAD!! Sabitzer advances unopposed to the edge of the area and hits a vicious, low effort that deflects off a combination of Poulsen and Skrtel and wrong-foots Gunock before rolling in! It's 1-0 to Leipzig!,1

Casemiro flies into Iglesias from behind and brings the number seven crashing to the ground, resulting in a yellow card and a free-kick for Espanyol in an excellent position just outside of the penalty area.,2

Espanyol have decided to make a double substitution. The first player to come on is Baptistao, who replaces Piatti.,0

GOAL! Madrid have taken the lead! A deflected shot from Modric bounces over to Asensio, who has no problems finding the bottom right-hand corner of the net with a powerful strike. The referee has to check with VAR but the goal is eventually confirmed after a minute-long wait.,1

Modric is fouled over on the right flank and Madrid are awarded a free-kick in a decent position. They can't make it count but are then presented with another free-kick after Roca clumsily catches Ceballos.,2

Nacho bursts down the left wing and is fouled but doesn't receive a free-kick. He clearly isn't happy with the referee's decision and is shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

Diaby gets rewarded for his vibrant display with an early rest as Di Maria comes on to take his place in midfield.,0

PSG bring on a youth product of their own, as N’Soki comes on for Draxler in Tuchel’s first substitution.,0

Another youngster emerges from the Monaco bench, as the 17-year old Massengo makes his senior debut in place of the struggling Falcao for Henry’s final change of the match.,0

GOAL! PSG GET THEIR FOURTH! Neymar takes a stuttering run-up before coolly slotting the ball past Benaglio’s bottom right corner! 4-0 to the champions, and Henry will be fuming!,1

GOAL! PSG AND CAVANI FINALLY GET THEIR THIRD! It’s a stroll for the champions as Rabiot picks out Diaby with a fine pass as the winger whips in a quick ball for the grateful Uruguay forward to tap in another hat-trick for his side! 3-0 to PSG, and they are cruising!,1

Mboula, who has been his side’s best player since coming on, is carried off on a stretcher in tears as Isidor replaces him.,0

Chadli, who had looked like he had been struggling since kick-off, comes off to add to Monaco’s injury tally and Mboula replaces him for the first change of the match.,0

AND PSG GET THEIR GOAL CONFIRMED! Lightning strikes twice as once again, VAR goes the way of the champions. Further replays verified Sidibe having played Cavani onside for the second time, and it is now 2-0 as Henry and company face an uphill task!,1

AND BUQUET GIVES THE GOAL! The replays did show Cavani having been played onside by Sidibe, and the goal correctly stands. 1-0 to PSG, and another big blow to Monaco!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! GLADBACH 1-3 LEVERKUSEN!! Bender's first Bundesliga goal of the season is surely enough to seal the three points for the visitors. Demirbay sends a free-kick in from the right and Bender holds off Elvedi to head the ball home.,1

Thuram has really stood out in this second half, but he is replaced by Wendt for the final 12 minutes of normal time.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!!!! GLADBACH 1-2 LEVERKUSEN! For the second game running, Havertz has scored a brace for Leverkusen. Sommer guesses the right way, but Havertz puts it close enough to the corner to find the back of the net. Great response from the visitors!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! GLADBACH 1-1 LEVERKUSEN!!! The hosts have looked far better in the second half and are rewarded with an equaliser. Thuram chests down Sommer's pass and runs in behind. Plea spots his team-mate's run and Thuram fires across Hradecky with a great finish on the half-volley.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! GLADBACH 0-1 LEVERKUSEN!!! The visitors have started the match strongly and have a goal to show for it. Demirbay plays a pass forward to Bellarabi and the winger slots it around the back for Havertz to latch on to. Leverkusen's star man keeps his cool by clinically sliding his shot through Sommer's legs.,1

Having played on with a knock for most of the game, Coufal comes off during stoppage time and Downes is his replacement.,0

For attempting to delay the latest Newcastle free-kick, Aguerd is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Having led the line today, Antonio is now replaced by a different attacking threat posed by goal-poacher Ings.,0

A frustrating shift for Saint-Maximin comes to an early end, as Gordon is roared on to the pitch for his Newcastle United debut.,0

Having toppled over in the penalty area, Joelinton claims the nearby Aguerd tripped him. There was no such contact, though, and the Brazilian is justly booked.,2

A desperate lunge on a fast-escaping Paqueta earns Willock the first booking of the game and concedes a free-kick 30 yards out from goal.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SALAH LEVELS AGAIN FOR LIVERPOOL!!!! 2-2!!!!! The Reds have a second equaliser with a scrappy goal as Salah converts after a scramble in the box. Alexander-Arnold floats a ball over the top for Nunez and Salah to attack. It hits Nunez and falls for Salah to poke past Rodak and into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MITROVIC CONVERTS!!!! 2-1 FULHAM!!!!!! The Cottagers restore their advantage as the Serbia international holds his nerve from 12 yards. Mitrovic fires low and hard on his right foot into the bottom-right corner away from the dive of Alisson.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! NUNEZ LEVELS FOR LIVERPOOL!!!!! 1-1!!! The Uruguayan makes a decisive impact on his Premier League debut as he succeeds with a flick at the second time of asking. Salah finds space once again down the right flank and fires a low ball into the middle of Nunez to attack. He goes for the backheel again and on this occasion is able to guide his effort past Rodak from close range.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MITROVIC HEADS FULHAM IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0!!! The Cottagers take the lead as Mitrovic plants a header into the top-left corner. Fulham break down the right flank as Kebano feeds the run of Tete and he hooks a cross to the back post. Mitrovic rises above Alexander-Arnold and powers his header past Alisson.,1

LAZARO IS SENT OFF! Zaha turned with the ball and was away and Lazaro drags him to ground in a desperate attempt to stop him. He's the last man and the referee has no option but to send him off!,3

Kouyate went down and had to receive more treatment so he's been taken off now and Riedewald is on in his place.,0

McArthur has just caught Fernandez with a late challenge and the defender has stayed down just outside the box. He's shown a yellow card for the tackle.,2

Bruce has decided to make a double change now to try and get his side back into the game. Almiron is the first to make way as Gayle comes on to replace him.,0

PALACE TAKE THE LEAD! There's a long wait to take the free-kick, but that didn't affect Van Aanholt. He curls his shot around the left of the wall and Dubravka will feel that he should've done better as it nestles into the side netting. 1-0 Palace!,1

Zaha is away for Palace but Lascelles pulls him back in an attempt to stop the run and is shown a yellow card.,2

A LATE GOAL SEALS IT FOR TOULOUSE! 3-1! A short-corner routine played with Kamanzi allows Donnum to drive to the byline before somehow stumbling into the penalty area. With two defenders in his way, the substitute manages to pass the ball back to Kamanzi, whose chipped cross is tucked past the goalkeeper from inside the six-yard box by Magri!,1

A late change for the visitors sees Gboho taken off, giving Babicka the opportunity to help his side to victory.,0

Suazo comes off after contributing an assist for Toulouse's go-ahead goal, with Mawissa coming on in his stead.,0

Looking to add fresh legs into their ranks with just over 10 minutes to go, Dallinga is taken off for Magri, who will now lead the line.,0

Looking to chase the result with just under a quarter-hour remaining, Enrique swaps Mukiele with Hakimi in an attacking change at right-back.,0

COMEBACK COMPLETE! 2-1 TOULOUSE! The visitors expose the acres of space left in midfield, with Sierro able to play a pass out to the flank for Diarra. The ball eventually finds Suazo on the left wing and instead of delivering a cross, he plays it square to Ghobo. With time, the winger turns to put it on his right foot, before cutting inside and curling a shot past Tenas!,1

Another alteration for the visitors sees Kamanzi given a chance to stretch his legs, taking Desler's spot.,0

It’s not looking good for Aboukhlal, who has gone down off the ball, which has prompted the medical staff to come onto the pitch to attend to him. The Toulouse forward is limping rather heavily and will need to be replaced, with Donnum sent into the fray.,0

Enrique opts to swap both of his wide players at the same time, with Mayulu coming on for his eighth appearance for Paris Saint-Germain, with Barcola recalled to the bench.,0

PARITY RESTORED! 1-1! Diarra is allowed to run the entire length of PSG’s half unopposed before drawing three defenders towards him and slipping a pass through for Dallinga, who turns on the ball and hits a lovely first-time effort that gets past Tenas!,1

THE HOSTS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0 PSG! Tenas blasts a pass down the pitch, which sails over the head of the Toulouse defence. Watching his team-mate the whole time, Mbappe latches on to the delivery and rounds the goalkeeper before tucking the ball into the empty net! There was a VAR check after the initial decision, with a question of offside in the build-up potentially chalking the goal off, but after taking a moment, the referee confirms that the goal stands!,1

Another double change for Elche now and Josema is the first to make way, with Rodriguez on in his place.,0

Boye is judged to have handled the ball when he won it back and he kicks it away in frustration which earns him a yellow card for dissent.,2

Milla is booked after he slides in late on Trippier and although he gets the ball, he takes out the right-back on the follow-through,2

Atletico are making their first change of the game now and it's Lemar that's making way for Joao Felix.,0

Elche are making a double change at the start of the second half as they bring Piatti on for Morente.,0

Carrasco thinks he should've won a corner which isn't given and he's making his frustration very clear to the referee which earns him a yellow card for dissent.,2

Lemar steps across to try and win the ball off Guti, but steps on his foot and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

LLORENTE SCORES! Carrasco pulls the ball back to the penalty spot where Llorente is hovering unmarked and he hits the shot first time. He fires it on goal and it takes a deflection off Josema's arm on the way through which is what takes it past Gazzaniga into the back of the net. 1-0 Atletico!,1

Milinkovic-Savic is booked as the clock ticks into the final minute of stoppage time at the Stadio Olimpico.,2

A final throw of the dice from Conte, who makes a very attacking change by introducing Alexis Sanchez in favour of Godin.,0

Inter turn to the bench with a double substitution. The first sees Candreva make way for Victor Moses.,0

LAZIO LEAD!!! 2-1! The hosts complete the turnaround! De Vrij did brilliantly to clear Immobile's initial volley off the line. However, the ball breaks kindly for Milinkovic-Savic, who bends the rebound into the corner and beyond the reach of Padelli.,1

1-1!!! IMMOBILE EQUALISES! No problem for the skipper, who calmly sends Padelli the wrong way to level proceedings.,1

GOAL!!! YOUNG PUTS INTER IN FRONT! The former Manchester United skipper volleys the visitors in front with his first goal for the club. Strakosha can only parry Candreva's fierce initial effort straight into the path of Young, who volleys home on the rebound.,1

Marega's night is over, and he leaves the field knowing he played a huge part after finding the back of the net.,0

Strootman has been on the pitch for a matter of moments but he is already carded after a poor tackle.,2

That shot is Corona's last involvement tonight as he is replaced by Vieira for the final five minutes of regulation time.,0

Veteran midfielder Strootman is now thrown on and he replaces Kamara in the middle of midfield for Marseille.,0

Benedetto has had to endure a tough evening tonight, but he can now watch on from the stands, with Germain coming on for Marseille.,0

WHAT A GOAAALLLLL - PORTO 3-0 MARSEILLE - Luiz Diaz wraps things up for Porto with a beautiful finish on the counter-attack but the praise has to go to Corona. He attacked Marseille's defence with power and pace, shaped to shoot before backheeling the ball into his team-mate. Luis Diaz did the rest, firing past Mandanda to make it three. Superb from the home side.,1

Sanson's night is over and he is replaced by Cuisance. The midfielder is loan from Bayern Munich and will be hoping for a big display to impress his new club.,0

Amavi is shown a yellow card, and he is a lucky boy. His poor touch gave Otavio a chance to attack, and he has gone over the top of the ball and crushed Otavio's ankle in the process.,2

Thauvin is now shown a card for a sloppy challenge and the referee did not have much choice with that one.,2

Sergio Oliveira becomes the first player to enter the referee's book as he is shown a yellow card for a strong challenge on Payet. The visitors now have a  free-kick in a good position.,2

GOAAALLLL - PORTO 2-0 MARSEILLE - The home side doubles their advantage thanks to a perfect penalty from Sergio Oliveira. It all came from Amavi's foul on Corona at the far post, and the officials were adamant there was a foul in the build-up. Mandanda did what he could to stop the penalty, but the ball flies past his right hand into the bottom corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLL PORTO 1-0 MARSEILLE - The home side open the scoring thanks to Marega's simple finish inside the box. He has Corona to thank for the goal, with the winger turning his marker before playing in a simple cross.,1

Napoli make their first set of changes. First off is Min, who is continuing to manage a calf problem, with Jesus replacing him in the heart of the defence.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! ZIELINKSI CONVERTS!! 3-0!! The midfielder steps up and fires straight down the middle to beat Trapp. They now lead 5-0 on aggregate and Frankfurt's hopes are all but gone.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! OSIMHEN DOUBLES THE LEAD!! 2-0! Osimhen has his second and that is surely game over. Frankfurt fail to clear the ball and Kvaratskhelia is able to float a delicate switch to the right wing. Politana combines with captain Di Lorenzo and the right-back's low cross is turned home by Osimhen who appears to injure his wrist in the process.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! NAPOLI TAKE THE LEAD!! 1-0!! What a header from Osimhen and Napoli have a crucial goal on the brink of half-time. The ball is worked out to Politano on the right and the Italian stands up a cross into the box. The defending is poor from Frankfurt and Osimhmen rises, unmarked, and thuds a commanding header beyond Trapp and into the back of the net.,1

Lenz got away with a challenge on Osimhen earlier in the game but is now booked after a late tackle on Di Lorenzo.,2

Araujo's frustration gets the better of him as he shoves Portu over in an off-the-ball incident. He picks up a late booking.,2

The referee thinks Stuani overdid the celebration, and he earns a costly booking that will see him miss the next game.,2

STUANI SCORES! That seals it for Girona! They won a free-kick just inside their own half which is lifted out to Savio on the right and the Barcelona defenders are standing watching him. He dinks it into the far post, and the hosts realise too late that Stuani is unmarked as he cushions it over the line. What an end to the game! 4-2 Girona!,1

GUNDOGAN SCORES! It's a good move from Barcelona out from the back, with Yamal leading the attack down the right before threading it into Torres. He tees up Gundogan first time, and he does well to turn Eric Garcia before rifling his shot past a diving Gazzaniga. They have about four minutes - can they snatch something late on? 3-2!,1

VALERY SCORES! What an impact by the substitute! Just two minutes after coming on, he makes it 3-1 to Girona! Gazzaniga goes long from a kick, and Stuani gets in front of Araujo to nod it down. Valery wants it more than Kounde, who only half-committed to the challenge, and the substitute slotted it past Pena and into the bottom corner.,1

Girona's second change is a double one. Tsygankov hasn't been able to make as big an impact in the second half and is replaced by Portu.,0

Girona are making their first change now, and it's Dovbyk, who scored the opening goal, who's going off for Stuani.,0

Xavi is making a triple change as he looks to get his side back into this game. The first to go off is Christensen, with Balde on for him.,0

Blind slid in with a late tackle on Raphinha earlier in the Barcelona attack. The referee played the advantage but has now gone back to show the Dutchman the first yellow card of the game.,2

GUTIERREZ SCORES! Girona retake the lead! Martin plays a couple of one-twos with Aleix Garcia before deciding to sweep it out to Gutierrez down the left. He drops a shoulder to wrongfoot Kounde as he cuts inside, and the space just opens up in front of him. He takes on the shot from just inside the box before curling it past Pena at the near post. 2-1 Girona!,1

LEWANDOWSKI EQUALISES! Girona couldn't clear their lines after the latest attack and ended up giving away a corner. It's a great delivery by Raphinha onto the edge of the six-yard box, and Lewandowski rises high to thump a powerful header into the far bottom corner. 1-1!,1

DOVBYK SCORES! It's a simple long ball forward that catches Barcelona out as Couto slides it forward for Tsygankov. He does get a bit of luck as Christensen slips trying to clear it, leaving him with acres of space to attack. He gets into the box before squaring it to Dovbyk, whose first-time shot hits the inside of the post to bounce into the bottom corner. 1-0 Girona!,1

Silva's night is over and he was met by a huge round of applause from the home fans, with Illarramendi on for the final few minutes.,0

GAME SET AND MATCH! REAL SOCIEDAD 2-0 REAL MADRID - Barrenetxea seals the points for the hosts as he slots the ball home at the near post to beat Courtois. He had loads to do when he collected Silva's looping throughball, but due to Real Madrid's numerical disadvantage, they struggled to get players across the box to block him. Two of Ancelotti's stars eventually made their way across the penalty area, but Barrenetxea still found the space he needed to trouble Courtois before blasting his shot into the bottom corner.,1

A clumsy challenge from Ceballos on the edge of his own box gifts Sociedad a free-kick in a dangerous position...,2

Striker Sorloth also makes way after his tireless performance, and Fernandez is the one that takes his place in the final third.,0

RED CARD! Carvajal is shown a second yellow and then a red card after a dangerous tackle on Sociedad left-back Munoz. Ever since he was carded for dissent, Carvajal struggled to keep a lid on his emotions, and he has taken one risk too many. He overstretched and lunged into a challenge on Munoz, and he will now watch the rest of the match from the dressing room.,3

Diaz has done himself no favours if he wants to start again under Ancelotti, and he is now replaced by Rodriguez.,0

Carvajal receives a yellow card for dissent, which means he will miss his team's next match. He was pulled back by Oyarzabal, which the referee spotted, but the official was not happy to see Carvajal ask for a card to be shown.,2

GOAAALLLL - REAL SOCIEDAD 1-0 REAL MADRID - A moment to forget for Militao, as his shocking pass gifts the home side their first goal. Sorloth forced the defender to turn and pass back towards Courtois, but he put far too much power on his cutback. Courtois was, therefore, a sitting duck as he watched Kubo slide in at the far post to score. Huge goal for La Real.,1

Gorosabel is the first player to be booked after a strong challenge in midfield while Real Madrid were mounting an attack.,2

GOAL! Sane scores his sides sixth goal of the game, to make it 6-1! The hosts broke forward quickly and stretched the Saints defence, with Sterling squaring the ball to Sane on the edge of the box, who drilled a low shot into the bottom corner. McCarthy got a hand to the ball, but he was unable to turn the ball around the post.,1

Southampton now make their final change of the game, with Ings coming off the pitch, to be replaced by Armstrong.,0

The second Southampton change sees Redmond come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Elyounoussi.,0

City make the first change of the game, with Stones coming off the pitch, perhaps rested ahead of the Champions League game in midweek. Kompany is his replacement.,0

GOAL! Sterling makes it 5-1! Another lovely move by City, a quick one-two on the edge of the box and Aguero then lays the ball off to Sterling who was sprinting into the box. The winger then drills the ball underneath McCarthy from a tight angle and into the back of the net.,1

GOAL! Sterling makes it 4-1! Aguero does brilliantly to beat Cedric on the byline and then looks up and spots Sterling making a run at the far post. The winger doesn't take the best first touch, but he still manages to beat Bertrand and fire the ball under McCarthy to restore his sides three goal cushion before the break.,1

GOAL! Saints pull one back, it's now 3-1! Ings shows great composure to slide the ball into the bottom corner of the net, he just waited for Ederson to move one way and then slotted the ball into the other corner of the goal. Something to cheer about for the away fans.,1

GOAL! IT'S 3-0! David Silva with the best goal of the game so far and he makes it 3-0 to City. The attacking front three of City are carving open this Saints defence, especially down the flanks. Sterling feeds Sane, who then flicks the ball onto David Silva at the back post and the midfielder drills the ball into the back of the net on the volley. Superb goal!,1

GOAL! Man City double their lead, it's 2-0! Nightmare start for Southampton, they are two down after just 12 minutes played. Bernardo Silva and Sterling link up brilliantly down the right, with Sterling beating two players in the box and he gets to the byline, he then squares the ball back to Aguero who was waiting in the box and he smashes the ball into the back of the net from just a couple of yards out.,1

Ward-Prowse is shown the first yellow card of the game, after he kicks the ball away after City are awarded a free-kick.,2

ATLETICO LEAD AGAIN! Correa gets the ball and runs at Neto before drilling his shot on target. The goalkeeper gets two hands to it, but the ball loops up and bounces over the line. Rakitic tries to get back and clear it, but goal-line technology shows it's well over the line. 3-2 Atletico!,1

ATLETICO ARE LEVEL! It's Morata that steps up to the spot and it's a confident run-up from the Spaniard. He sends Neto the wrong way and sidefoots his spot-kick into the bottom right corner. 2-2!,1

Vidal slides into Vitolo from behind in an attempt to win the ball and is shown a yellow card for the tackle.,2

Llorente has only been on the field seconds and he's already picked up a yellow card for a bad foul on Messi.,2

Final roll of the dice for Simeone now and it's an enforced one as the substitute Koke has picked up an injury. Llorente comes on in his place.,0

GRIEZMANN SCORES! The ball is crossed into Suarez at the near post and he gets a lot of power behind his header. Oblak makes a brilliant save to deny him but puts the ball straight into Griezmann's path and he heads his effort into the back of the empty net. This one counts and Barcelona lead 2-1!,1

BARCELONA ARE LEVEL! It looked like the chance had gone as Messi was closed down by two Atletico players when he got on the ball but he managed to keep hold of it, get past them and drill his effort low into the bottom left corner. 1-1!,1

ATLETICO TAKE THE LEAD! Just seconds after coming onto the pitch, Koke has scored! They go straight on the attack from the kick-off and Correa lays it off to him. Koke then takes a touch before slotting the ball past Neto and into the bottom left corner. 1-0 Atletico!,1

Simeone has decided to make a change at the start of the second half as he brings on Koke for Herrera.,0

Joao Felix was unhappy with something that happened at the end of the first half and it sparked an argument between both sides after the whistle. Suarez got involved for Barcelona and he's shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

As Barcelona get ready to take the corner, the referee spots a foul off the ball as Umtiti goes to ground. He goes over and shows a yellow card to Thomas for dissent.,2

Pique picks up the first yellow card of the game after he slides into a tackle on Lodi and although he does get a touch on the ball, he takes the left-back out.,2

Tielemans is withdrawn by Rodgers as he sends another attacker into the action. Iheanacho joins Vardy up front.,0

Martinez bundles Dewsbury-Hall off the ball with a nudge and goes into the book as he halts a promising break from the Leicester midfielder.,2

Malacia brings down Justin and goes into the book. That one might be a tad harsh as he appeared to get the ball.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SANCHO SLOTS THE BALL HOME!!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!!! The visitors take the lead as Sancho rounds Ward before finding the back of the net. Leicester are caught out at the back as Fernandes feeds Rashford in the final third, who lays off a perfect pass to Sancho to collect in the box. Ward commits himself and it allows the United man to round the Leicester keeper before applying the finish.,1

Hateboer is booked for tugging Cheryshev's shirt as the attacker tried to break forward on the halfway line.  ,2

Caldara is replaced by Zapata as Atalanta boldly switch to a more attacking shape in the hope of killing off the tie. ,0

CHERYSHEV IMMEDIATELY PULLS ONE BACK! 4-1! Palomino makes a costly error as he hits a wayward pass across the backline towards Hateboer, allowing Cheryshev to nip in and take full advantage by drilling a powerful, low effort into the bottom corner from 20 yards!,1

HATEBOER STRIKES AGAIN! 4-0! Valencia are being carved apart right now and Atalanta get a fourth as Pasalic slips a clever pass beyond the offside Ilicic and into the path of Hateboer who holds off Diakhaby before racing into the area and squeezing a weak shot in at the near post beyond a helpless Domenech! ,1

BRILLIANT STRIKE FROM FREULER! 3-0 ATALANTA! The hosts have been pressing the Valencia backline furiously and it pays off as Gomez robs Parejo before Freuler takes over and whips a curling shot from 25 yards that bends delightfully beyond Domenech and into the top corner by the far post!,1

Ilicic makes it two! 2-0! Well, Valencia failed to make their pressure count in the last 10 minutes and Atalanta punish them! Pasalic innocuously squares a pass to Ilicic on the edge of the area, where the attacker craftily shimmies past a challenge before lashing a brilliant shot across goal and into the top left corner from 20 yards!,1

ATALANTA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Gomez advances menacingly towards the edge of the area as the Valencia defence fearfully back off and he capitalises by stroking a devious delivery across the face of goal and towards the back post where Hateboer crashes it into an empty net!,1

There's a double change here for United and Fernandes is taking his time going off as he goes across to give De Gea the armband. He's replaced by Lingard.,0

First change for Villa now as they continue to push for an equaliser. It's Buendia that's going off, with El Ghazi on to replace him.,0

United are making the first change of the game, and it's well-received by the fans. Van de Beek comes onto a warm reception as he replaces Cavani.,0

Fred is overstretching as he tries to get across to Luiz. The ball is long gone by the time he trips Luiz though and his name goes into the book.,2

MCTOMINAY SCORES! Fernandes scuffs a volley towards goal after being picked out from a corner which Luiz clears, but it goes straight back to Fred just outside the box. He plays a one-two with Greenwood before curling a brilliant cross into the middle and McTominay rises highest to just nod it past Martinez and into the back of the net. 1-0 United!,1

De Bruyne scored twice and registered an assist but is now coming off for Silva. There is some serious depth on the City bench.,0

GOALLL! EDOUARD SCORES! Palace get one back, with the hosts trailing 4-2! Ahamada drives through the middle of the pitch before playing a pass down the left to Schlupp, who whips a low cross into the box. Edouard gets in front of his marker and pokes his shot in from close range.,1

Ahamada hasn’t started for Palace but makes his 25th appearance off the bench, replacing Hughes in the midfield.,0

Mateta scored Palace's opener inside three minutes but has not been able to make any sort of impact in the second half. Edouard takes his place up front.,0

City are leading comfortably, allowing Rodri to be given a rest ahead of their Champions League tie against Real Madrid. Kovacic replaces him in the midfield.,0

GOALLL! DE BRUYNE SCORES AGAIN! 4-1 CITY! De Bruyne and Grealish play a clever one-two on the left, allowing the England International to get to the byline before cutting the ball back to Rodri. He taps it to De Bruyne, who thunders his low strike into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLL! HAALAND SCORES! 3-1 CITY! That should be game over! City are patient in possession and wait for an opening, with Grealish rolling a reversed pass down the left through to De Bruyne on the byline. The captain then sends a cutback straight to Haaland, who scores from close range.,1

Eze has netted five goals in eight home games for Palace but hasn’t been able to make an impact today and is coming off for Schlupp.,0

GOALLLL! LEWIS SCORES! 2-1 CITY! The visitors take the lead for the first time! Grealish has possession on the left, getting to the byline before lifting a cross into the box. Andersen gets there but flicks a header straight to Lewis, who crashes his strike into the bottom-left corner.,1

City make a change to their defence before the restart. Gvardiol struggled at times before the break and is being replaced by Akanji.,0

Gvardiol thunders into Ayew's back and gives away a free-kick just inside City's half. He then shows his frustrations to the referee, who gives him a yellow card for dissent.,2

GOALLLL! WHAT A HIT FROM DE BRUYNE! 1-1! Grealish gets his first chance to dribble at Munoz down the left before his low cross is blocked. However, it rebounds straight to De Bruyne, who switches possession onto his right foot inside the box before curling his perfect strike into the top-right corner.,1

GOALLLL! MATETA SCORES! 1-0 PALACE! What a start for the Eagles! Stones gifts possession to the hosts, who play some quick passes in their own half before Wharton rolls a throughball into Mateta. The striker races down the right side of the box before directing his low shot across the goal and into the net off the left post.,1

Musiala makes it 3-0! Kimmich sets Lewandowski away down the left, before the Polish striker slides the ball across the face of goal. Musiala is there to meet it, and taps it into the back of the net to surely kill the game off.,1

The goal is given! After another VAR check, Gnabry is ruled to be onside and the visitors do indeed lead 2-0.,1

Kunze makes a very late sliding challenge on Kouassi, and receives the first yellow card of the game. He is lucky he didn't catch the centre-back properly there as his leg was very high, and could've caused Kouassi a serious injury.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MESSI OPENS HIS PSG ACCOUNT!!!! 2-0!!! Messi scores his first PSG goal with a super strike into the top-right corner. The Argentine combines with Mbappe following a surging run to the edge of the box. He strikes the return pass from the Frenchman first time with a flourish giving Ederson no chance. Surely that will secure the three points for the home side.,1

De Bruyne stretches in a tussle for the ball with Gueye and catches him on the ankle. The Belgian goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GUEYE BLASTS PSG AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!!! The home side take the lead through Gueye from close range. Mbappe latches on a precise ball from Hakimi down the right flank. The Frenchman finds space and delivers a dangerous low cross into the middle. Neymar fails to connect, but Gueye latches on to it before hammering a right-footed strike into the top-right corner. The perfect start for PSG.,1

Reus quickly follows Akanji into the referee's book as he cynically stops Atletico from countering down the right. This game looks done.,2

GOAL! 2-0 Atletico, and that last change doesn't matter now! Atletico win the ball on the edge of their box and Thomas counters down the left, popping the ball inside to Griezmann. Griezmann powers through the split Dortmund defence, fends off Akanji and rolls the ball calmly past Burki. It's been a textbook Atletico performance.,1

There it is - Christian Pulisic off. He bangs the dugout in frustration. Guerreiro, two-goal hero in the last match between the two teams, replaces him. Can the Frenchman make a difference here?,0

Atletico make a change before the second half as Giménez is replaced by Montero. It seems injury-related.,0

GOAL! 1-0 Atletico, and you can't say it hasn't been coming! Atletico work the ball out left to Filipe Luis. His cross is beautifully dummied by Griezmann and Saul arrives late into the box to shoot first-time. Sancho attempts to clear but can only arrow the ball up into the net. Game on now!,1

Sancho is next to find himself in the referee's book for bringing down Juanfran even though Juanfran had hold of Sancho's shirt. Atletico free-kick to the left of Dortmund's area.,2

It's a little scrappy in midfield. Correa brings down Pulisic as the Croatian races towards Juanfran. The Argentine winger is booked. He'll have to be careful for the rest of the game now.,2

After an excellent performance, Tavernier is applauded off the pitch by the home fans. Ouattara is sent on to win it for the Cherries.,0

VILLA LEVEL IT! Arriving at the near post, Watkins beats his marker to head in Aston Villa's second equaliser: it's 2-2! Diaby's inswinging cross from the right picks the England striker out near the penalty spot, and he arches his neck to power home an unstoppable finish! With stoppage time looming, Unai Emery's men are back in it!,1

A flare-up of tempers sees Duran booked for a coming-together with Kerkez, who is making his way to the Bournemouth bench.,2

Kerkez departs with a yellow card to his name, after becoming embroiled in a needless spat with Duran.,2

Suffering cramp, Kerkez - who set up his side's second goal - is withdrawn; Mepham jogs on to replace him.,0

Unai Emery now plays all his remaining cards, making a triple substitution. First, Moreno comes on for Digne at left-back.,0

After handing the captain's armband to Martinez, McGinn sprints off to the touchline, as Unai Emery sends on Duran to join Watkins up front.,0

A foul on Digne, who has his heels clipped as he tries to drive into space, sees Christie booked by the referee. That's already the sixth yellow card of the game.,2

BOURNEMOUTH BACK IN FRONT! Picking up a low cross by Kerkez from the left, Solanke turns just inside the box, then coolly beats Martinez with a clinical finish! It's 2-1 to the Cherries, who are full of confidence now - can Villa respond again?,1

After an underwhelming first half display, Zaniolo has been withdrawn. Recently returned from a long injury layoff, Ramsey comes on.,0

The referee dishes out another yellow card for dissent: this time, Senesi is booked for making his thoughts known to the officials.,2

Too eager to retrieve the ball deep in Bournemouth territory, Zaniolo needlessly hauls back Smith and earns himself a booking.,2

For felling Kluivert with a late tackle from behind, Pau Torres becomes the first Aston Villa player booked today.,2

VILLA EQUALISE! With his seventh goal of the season, Bailey hauls the Villans level! A superb solo effort sees the Jamaican winger receive a pass from Watkins, jink inside from the right, beat two defenders for pace, and then fire an unerring low shot into the bottom corner! It's 1-1 at the Vitality Stadium!,1

Due to dissent towards the referee, after Kerkez is penalised for a foul on Bailey, goalscorer Semenyo goes into the book.,2

After initially failing to bring down his opponent with a more subtle attempt, Kluivert then clambers all over Tielemans in midfield and is shown a yellow card.,2

BOURNEMOUTH LEAD! Semenyo strikes!! Having driven in from the left but then given the ball away with a stray pass, Semenyo is fortunate to receive it back almost instantly, after Diego Carlos concedes possession on the edge of Villa's area. The Bournemouth winger then strides into the box and slots calmly past Martinez and into the bottom-left corner: 1-0 to the Cherries!,1

Ucan protests against a free-kick awarded against Krunic for a challenge on Barzagli on the edge of the box. The referee does not appreciate the appeal and books the Empoli forward.,2

Clumsy from Dybala as he loses possession and pulls back Krunic, resulting in a booking for the Argentine.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RONALDO SCORES A STUNNER!!! 2-1 JUVENTUS!!! The Portuguese notches his second of the game to put his team ahead. He collected Matuidi's offload outside the box on the right flank before pulling the trigger on his strike. His effort soared beyond the reach of Provedel and into the top corner. A superb goal from Ronaldo.,1

Cuadrado is called from the bench to replace Bernardeschi. There will be opportunities for the winger against the tiring Empoli legs.,0

GOALLLLLLL!!! RONALDO FINDS THE NET! 1-1!! The Portuguese holds his composure from 12 yards, drilling his right-footed strike into the bottom corner as Provedel guessed incorrectly.,1

Bentancur cynically pulls back Krunic from raiding further into the Juve half. The midfielder goes into the book for the challenge just before the half ends.,2

GOALLLLLLL!!!! EMPOLI TAKE THE LEAD!! CAPUTO SCORES WITH A FINE STRIKE!!! 1-0! The home side put themselves in front with a good move on the counter finished in style by Caputo. Acquah led his team out from the back with a driving run down the right flank. His low cross into the middle was not cleared properly by the Juve backline. Caputo pounced on Krunic's knockback in the right inside channel, curling his effort beyond the reach of Szczesny into the top corner.,1

It looks like Hasenhuttl doesn't want to risk it by leaving Valery on, so he is now replaced by Stephens. ,0

LONG SCORES SOUTHAMPTON'S THIRD! It was poor defending from Wolves and they just can't get the corner clear after it comes into the box. Yoshida had the original shot, but it was blocked by Coady and Long got on the rebound to fire the shot into the back of the net to give them a two-goal advantage. 3-1 Southampton!,1

Hasenhuttl makes a double change for Southampton now as well. Ings is the first to come off and he's replaced by Long. ,0

REDMOND GIVES SOUTHAMPTON THE LEAD AGAIN! He times his run perfectly to make sure he is on side so he's left one-on-one with the keeper. Patricio is quickly off his line to meet him, but Redmond keeps cool and chips the ball over the keeper and into the back of the net. 2-1 Southampton!,1

BOLY EQUALISES FOR WOLVES! He rises the highest in the middle of the box to get on the end of Moutinho's corner and he heads the ball back across goal and past Gunn into the back of the net. 1-1!,1

REDMOND PUTS SOUTHAMPTON AHEAD! Some direct play from Southampton down the right wing allowed Sims to square the ball into the six-yard box and Redmond was the first to reach it and he fired the ball into the roof of the net. 1-0 Southampton!,1

Thuram has not been able to replicate his excellent first-half assist, and he trudges off for Arnautovic.,0

Allegri replaces both his strikers ahead of the final stages of this contest. It feels like an age since Vlahovic put the hosts ahead, and he now makes way for Kean.,0

Perhaps getting revenge for Cuadrado's foul a moment ago, Kostic wipes out the substitute and receives a booking for his troubles.,2

Cuadrado is booked for what looks to be a fair challenge on Kostic near the touchline. That is incredibly harsh.,2

As Barella gets back to his feet, Inzaghi makes some changes. The first sees Cuadrado come on for Dumfries.,0

Allegri looks to his bench for the first time, bringing on Locatelli for Nicolussi as he tries to freshen up his midfield.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! MARTINEZ STRIKES TO MAKE IT 1-1!!! Serie A's top scorer is so, so potent, and he finishes off a sublime move to equalise. Barella plays a lovely ball down the line for Thuram, who looks for his strike partner in the middle. A clever run from Martinez takes him to the near post to receive the ball, and he ruthlessly finishes first time into the far corner to level for Inter!,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!!!! VLAHOVIC PUTS JUVE AHEAD!!! It all comes from good work by Chiesa, who is immediately doubled up on by Dumfries and Barella when he receives the ball. That creates the space for Vlahovic, and he manages to cut the ball back for the striker, who places first time into the bottom right to put the hosts 1-0 up!,1

Cambiaso receives the first booking of the game for handball as he handles a bouncing ball with Dimarco on the charge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BARNES SCORES ON THE COUNTER!!!! 2-0 LEICESTER!!!!!! The Foxes extend their advantage as Barnes latches on to a throughball from Perez and slots his effort past Fabianski. Fornals sees a cross-field pass cleared by Thomas and the Foxes surge forward in numbers. Perez puts a perfect ball through for Barnes to take in stride and place his effort past the onrushing West Ham keeper into the net.,1

Paqueta has not had a good day and he continues that theme by going into the book for a lunge on Soumare.,2

Tielemans makes way for the visitors after missing a penalty that could have handed the Foxes complete control here. Ndidi replaces the Belgian.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MADDISON SMASHES HOME A STRIKE!!!! 1-0 LEICESTER!!!!! Maddison gives a timely reminder why he was included in the England squad with a brilliant finish on his left foot. Leicester break down the left flank as Barnes and Dewsbury-Hall combine to find Daka in the box. He scuffs his strike, but it falls perfectly for Maddison in the inside-right channel. He connects sweetly with a left-footed strike into the roof of the net.,1

Fulham make only their second change of the match, bringing off Reed for a similarly defensive anchor in midfield, in the form of Nathaniel Chalobah.,0

Reed loses out to Mac Allister in midfield as a Fulham counter-attack grinds to a halt, and he frustratedly brings Brighton's Argentine playmaker down for a free-kick, and is subsequently booked.,2

Caicedo clashes with Mitrovic on the far touchline, but not for long as he's brought off for Deniz Undav.,0

Pereira has been superb playing in the number 10 position for Fulham, but comes off now for the club's actual number 10, and captain, Tom Cairney.,0

Mac Allister wins an aerial ball before finding Gross, who looks to play Lamptey in down the right. Robinson body-checks him, bringing down the Brighton substitute, and being shown a yellow card for the foul.,2

Veltman comes off at right-back too, with the more attack-minded Tariq Lamptey entering the fray in his position.,0

That goal's got Graham Potter's tail up, as he makes a triple change, the first of which sees Estupinan withdrawn for Kaoru Mitoma.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! Brighton are back in it!!! Mac Allister steps up and slots the ball into the bottom left corner, wrongfooting Leno in the process, and it's game on at 2-1!,1

Estupinan is shown a yellow card for a foul during that counter-attack, as he followed through in a tackle on Tete as the defender started the move.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! We have a breakthrough!!! After Pereira's cross is headed half-clear, Adarabioyo heads it back towards Kebano. He blasts the ball across the face of goal, and in slides Mitrovic to score for Fulham! Five in five for him, and it's 1-0 to the home side!,1

OKAFOR SCORES THE GOAL BUT LEAO GETS THE CREDIT! 2-0! It’s another stunning example of build-up play from Leao, who takes Casale on and beats him for strength and pace, hitting the byline before pulling a lovely pass back for Okafor. With Provedel far from his goal, it’s an easy tap-in for the striker, who nets his second in two games!,1

Maignan is shown a yellow card for wasting time, with the France international spending a little too long over his goal-kick.,2

Hernandez welcomes Isaksen into the match with a robust challenge, sending the winger to the ground in a heap. It's a yellow card for the Milan full-back.,2

Castellanos' first start ends with a quarter-hour left in the game. Immobile is in to help his side to parity.,0

Sarri continues to make changes as Lazio search for a way back into the match. Anderson is withdrawn for Pedro.,0

Giroud doesn't manage a goal to celebrate his birthday, with Okafor taking his place at the 70th minute.,0

Now it’s Leao who is shown a yellow card, booked for dragging down Alberto to stop a potential counter-attack, after the winger’s first touch let him down on the edge of Lazio’s 18-yard box.,2

Romagnoli is shown a yellow card for stepping into Musah and taking him down with a shoulder barge to the neck.,2

PULISIC BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0 MILAN! The hosts take the lead on the stroke of the hour, with Leao breaking free down the left wing before pulling a bouncing pass back to the penalty spot for Pulisic. The winger latches onto it and hits an inch-perfect half-volley that beats Provedel!,1

The first yellow card of the match is shown to Marusic, for kicking through the shins of Hernandez instead of attempting to win the ball.,2

Milan are forced to make a change in midfield in the first 30 minutes, but it’s Loftus-Cheek who slowly makes his way off the pitch after seemingly picking up a knock. Musah is on in his place.,0

Kvaratskhelia comes off after a better second half display. Former Frankfurt man Lindstrom emerges in his place.,0

Beltran comes off for Mandragora. Can Fiorentina find some consistency on the ball? That must be what boss Italiano is thinking.,0

Cajuste goes in hard with Dodo in a 50-50, and while both players are sprawled on the turf, somehow the referee has decided that the Swede gets a yellow. Fortunately for Napoli, the hosts waste the set-piece.,2

GOOOOAALLLLL! KVARATSKHELIA!!! 2-2! Well, anything Biraghi can do, Kvhicha can do better! He's a bit further out on the left and he's just curled an absolute peach into the top-left corner! Wow, what an evening for free-kick merchants everywhere! That's the Georgian's 11th goal in Serie A this season, scoring for the first time since 8th March 2024 against Torino.,1

GOOOAALLL WHAT A TURNAROUND! NZOLA FOR 2-1! In the space of two minutes, Fiorentina have gone from uninspiring attackers, to mercurial talents! Politano was dispossessed by the Angolan, and he darted across the box from the left before picking out the bottom-right with perfection! That's really lifted the mood here!,1

Kvaratskhelia enters the book for a lazy challenge on Dodo. Perhaps that free-kick has had the true desired effects here. Napoli rattled perhaps, Fiorentina thriving...,2

GOOOOAAALLLLL! AND WE'RE LEVEL! 1-1 BIRAGHI! That's a supremely cool free-kick from the left-back! He fires a curling strike over the wall and with Meret rooted, the keeper can only watch the ball strike off the underside of the bar and bounce into the roof of the net. Beautiful!,1

GOOOAAAALLL NAPOLI LEAD! 0-1! After progress up the pitch, Napoli win a corner on the left. Politano takes and Rrahmani rises with ease to nod back across and find the bottom left! That looked like a goal from a training drill! Awful defending from the hosts!,1

GOALLLL! NORWOOD SCORES THE WINNER! 2-1 UNITED! The crowd erupts as soon as the ball hits the back of the net. Norwood is over the spot-kick and blasts his penalty off the bar and into the net. What a strike under pressure from the captain. Silva conceded the penalty and is inconsolable.,1

United wanted to take Hamer off before Wolves scored the equalizer. He is now being replaced by Osborn.,0

GOALLLLL! WOLVES SCORE! 1-1! United fail to clear the ball away inside the box. Bellegarde is in possession inside the box and spins onto his right foot. His curling effort takes a deflection on the way through and beats Foderingham.,1

Wolves add an extra attacker to the mix. Silva has not scored for the away side but comes on for Toti.,0

GOALLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM ARCHER! 1-0 UNITED! What a moment for the hosts! Toti tries to clear the ball away but pokes the ball against McAtee. Archer races onto the loose ball and crashes a shot from the edge of the box off the bar and into the net.,1

Doyle put a couple of good free-kicks into the box before the break but is coming off with a yellow card to his name. He started ahead of Traore but is now being replaced by the midfielder.,0

O'Neil makes his first change of the game. Kalajdzic has scored two goals off the bench but is making his way off this time. Bellegarde makes his return and replaces the striker. Cunha will now lead the line.,0

Bogle uses his pace to push the ball past Doyle before rushing around the other way. Doyle brings him down on the edge of the box and is shown a yellow card.,2

The Blades keep the pressure on. Bogle curls a pass down the right and McAtee. He cuts inside and is brought down by Dawson, who goes into the book.,2

Brewster is able to walk off the pitch despite picking up an injury moments ago. He is replaced by McAtee, who will play the last couple of minutes before half-time.,0

Sule replaces Pavard in perhaps an admission from Nagelsmann that his side cannot afford to concede again.,0

Coquelin could have put the Spanish side in control of the tie, but he was caught offside to deny Villarreal a second. He is now withdrawn for Pedraza down the left flank.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! DANJUMA FIRES VILLARREAL AHEAD!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as Danjuma steers a scuffed strike from Parejo past Neuer from close range. Gerard sends Lo Celso down the right flank, and he cuts a dangerous cross back for Parejo. The midfielder swings a leg at the ball, but doesn't make clean contact. Danjuma gambles and latches onto the ball before guiding an effort into the bottom-right corner.,1

De Bruyne does have to be replaced and Aguero comes on for him as Guardiola introduces an extra striker.,0

Tielemans makes way for fellow Belgian Praet in midfield as Rodgers makes his final change of the night.,0

GOAL!! IT'S 3-1 TO MANCHESTER CITY!! De Bruyne bursts past Soyuncu and into the box before fizzing a low ball across goal for Jesus to steer in at the back post! That's superb from the Belgian!,1

That's the Spaniard's last contribution of the game as he is hooked for Gray in Rodgers' second change.,0

Barnes looks to have been injured in that coming-together with Ederson and will have to be replaced by Albrighton.,0

De Bruyne is then booked for dissent following his furious reaction to the referee's decision to award a free-kick in Leicester's favour.,2

De Bruyne gets the wrong side of Ndidi on the right and the defensive midfielder catches the Belgian, earning himself a yellow card.,2

GOAL!! GUNDOGAN SCORES!! It's an excellent penalty, right into the corner and just out of the reach of the diving Schmeichel, who went the right way. It's 2-1 to Manchester City!,1

Soyuncu goes into the book as De Bruyne beats him and goes down under pressure from the centre-half on the right.,2

GOAL!! MAHREZ HAULS MANCHESTER CITY LEVEL!! The winger has had the beating of Chilwell all game and cuts inside before striking a low effort that deflects off the inside off Soyuncu's heel and past Schmeichel to score against his former club! It's 1-1!,1

GOAL!! VARDY PUTS LEICESTER IN FRONT!! Barnes slips Vardy in behind on the left and the striker is far too quick for Fernandinho as he bursts into the box. It looks like he's overrun it, but he produces an audacious chip over the charging goalkeeper and into the back of the net! It's 1-0 to Leicester!,1

MANCHESTER CITY HAVE FINALLY TAKEN THE LEAD! 2-1 TO THE HOSTS! It’s lovely full-back to full-back action as Angelino’s perfect cross from the left takes the goalkeeper off his line - only for the delivery to meet the outstretched foot of Walker. From there, it’s a simple tap-in for the right-back!,1

AGUERO HAS THE BREAKTHROUGH FOR MANCHESTER CITY! 1-1! Walker charges towards the byline down the right and fires a low cross towards the penalty spot for Aguero, who puts it through the legs of McCarthy with a great first-time finish!,1

Sterling is booked for bringing Valery down as the Southampton full-back went sprinting away down the flank.,2

Hojbjerg was perhaps lucky to escape a card for his earlier high foot, but he's shown a yellow this time for bringing Bernardo Silva down during a City counter. ,2

SOUTHAMPTON HAVE TAKEN THE LEAD! Armstrong finds a moment of time just outside the penalty area - hitting a first-time shot towards Ederson with real pace. The rainy conditions don’t help the goalkeeper who spills the initial effort, just for Ward-Prowse to tap home the rebound! 1-0 to the Saints!,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!! 3-1!! Slavia pull one back! Zafeiris plays a one-two and fires a pass into the feet of Jurasek, who turns superbly before shifting the ball onto his left foot. He sends a curling effort towards the bottom corner, and it flies into the back of the net, leaving Sportiello with no chance!,1

Loftus-Cheek heads to the bench as Pioli makes an alteration. Reijnders, who started in the first leg, enters the fray.,0

Slavia make a change in attack, with Chytil heading to the bench. Jurecka enters the fray and will take his place up front.,0

Slavia make an alteration at half-time, with Vlcek making way. Tomic comes off the bench to replace him.,0

GOOOAAAAALLL!! 3-0 MILAN!! What a strike! The Italian side look to counter-attack as Pulisic switches it out wide to Leao. The Portuguese attacker cuts inside onto his stronger foot and takes aim from outside of the penalty area, and his curling effort flies right into the top corner, leaving the goalkeeper with no chance!,1

Tomori is the latest player to receive a yellow for a late tackle on Chytil, and Slavia now have a free-kick.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-0 MILAN!! Pioli's side are running riot now! Hernandez plays a one-two with Leao and the former arrives with the ball inside the penalty area. Loftus-Cheek is unmarked at the back post, and the French full-back drills a cross along the ground and straight into his path, and the English midfielder can tap it into an empty net!,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! 1-0 MILAN!! The Italian side open the scoring. Adli bursts forward from midfield and darts down the left-hand side. He finds Leao inside the box who wastes no time before picking out Pulisic. The American forward shifts the ball onto his right foot before taking aim towards goal, and his strike flies into the bottom corner!,1

After picking up an injury in the opening few minutes, Maignan isn't able to continue despite his best efforts. Sportiello comes on to replace him.,0

Holes is sent off! After a lengthy VAR check, the referee has decided that it was a reckless tackle from the Slavia midfielder and he's been given his marching orders. Calabria wasn't happy with the tackle, and after a review, the officials can understand why.,3

GOAL! JONNY MAKES IT 2-0 TO WOLVES! Doherty strolls past Armstrong on the right and gets to the byline before rolling it into Jonny, whose first touch looks poor initially, but it's just out of reach of the Southampton defenders, and the Spaniard drills the ball in through the legs of McCarthy! ,1

GOAL! CAVALEIRO SCORES OFF THE BENCH! WOLVES LEAD 1-0! Traore charges down the right but slows up as he faces up to Bertrand. He gets to the byline well though and fizzes a cross into Jimenez, who lays it off for Cavaleiro and the substitute smashes it into the back of the net with a ruthless first-time finish! It's 1-0 to Wolves! ,1

SUB! Jota makes way for Cavaleiro - who makes his first Premier League appearance after returning from a back injury. ,0

YELLOW! Traore tries to dribble past Redmond and steps on the winger's foot. He's bewildered at the yellow brandished at him, claiming that it wasn't intentional. ,2

SUB! Elyounoussi - just back from injury - is replaced by fellow summer signing Armstrong for the final 20 minutes. ,0

YELLOW! The corner is a poor one, and Jonny ends up being forced to make a cynical challenge to prevent a Southampton counter.,2

SUB! Costa appears to be struggling after a clash of knees earlier in the half, and he is replaced by new signing Traore, who will relish facing up to a full-back on a yellow card.,0

YELLOW! Jota makes a poor challenge on Lemina inside the Southampton box, slipping as he goes to nick the ball away. He's not happy, however, referencing Vestergaard's three unpunished challenges on himself. ,2

YELLOW! Bertrand finally picks up the first yellow card of the day, hacking down Moutinho as he progressed down the right.,2

After putting in another impressive shift up front and setting up Elanga's goal, Awoniyi is now withdrawn. Wood will replace him up front, making a 200th Premier League appearance.,0

Making his Chelsea debut, deadline-day signing Palmer comes on for Gallagher to add more attacking threat.,0

Yates chops down Sterling with an aggressive challenge that upends his opponent. Not surprisingly, he then receives a yellow card.,2

ELANGA! FOREST LEAD! Awoniyi picks up the ball when Caicedo and Gallagher collide in midfield, then coolly eludes a couple of challenges and releases Elanga into the area. The substitute stays calm and slots the ball home past Sanchez and into the bottom-right corner! Chelsea trail 1-0 on home soil!,1

Elanga makes a fourth straight substitute appearance in the Premier League, taking the place of Danilo, who is forced off by injury.,0

After losing possession in midfield, Gallagher reacts by bundling over Aina and finds himself booked by the referee, who is certainly following the letter of the law today.,2

For requesting that Yates be booked for a challenge not far outside Forest's penalty area, Jackson is instead shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Chelsea captain Chilwell is the first player booked today, as he handles Aurier by the waist to prevent a break.,2

Brentford throw the dice for the final time. Wissa comes on in the attack to replace left-back Hickey. Wissa has scored two goals in his three Premier League games against Liverpool, scoring once on average every 54 minutes against the Reds. However, both of his strikes against them have come at the Gtech Community Stadium.,0

Liverpool make a change at left-back. Tsimikas started the last game and now comes on to replace Robertson.,0

Liverpool make a couple of changes. Jones has established himself in the Liverpool team in the last few weeks, starting eight games in a row, but is now coming off. Milner replaces him in the midfield.,0

Frank makes two changes. He also alters his midfield, choosing to bring on playmaker Damsgaard. Janelt is off.,0

Klopp is adding more experience to the midfield, bringing on Henderson. Jota is off, allowing Gakpo to move into the attack.,0

Frank makes his first two changes of the game. He adds another attacker to the mix, sending on Schade to replace the injured Henry.,0

Gakpo is smart on the right flank and rolls past Henry before driving forward with the ball. He is then dragged down by the left-back who is shown a yellow card.,2

Liverpool make their first change of the game. Nunez had a chance to score before the break but has been quiet since the restart. Diaz takes his place in the attack.,0

Konate kicks the ball away and is shown a yellow card. It was not for that incident alone, but also for making too many fouls across the game.,2

Fabinho goes into the book after crashing into Toney. His boot went across the top of his leg, but it was not dangerous.,2

Liverpool spring forward after they clear away a Brentford free-kick. Jota bursts down the middle of the pitch before being blocked by Mbeumo. He is then shown a yellow card for stopping the counter.,2

GOALLLL! SALAH SCORES! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool play some fantastic football again. Salah sets the ball back to the edge of the box with Fabinho lurking. The Brazil international curls it to the left side of the box onto the head of Van Dijk, with the defender playing it across to Salah who has a simple finish.,1

The first yellow card of the game goes to Liverpool captain Van Dijk after he slides in on Onyeka from behind.,2

GOAL! Villarreal pull one back! The visitors work a quick counter down the right-hand side and Moreno pulls the ball back to Costa who found space on the edge of the box. The Spaniard controls the pass well before unleashing a wonderful strike which sails beyond Courtois and into the top left corner. 3-2.,1

Gonzalez picks up a yellow card for a late tackle on Mariano down the left wing. He can have no complaints about that one.,2

The hosts make their final change of the game as Gaspar is replaced by Costa. There are less than 10 minutes left to play.,0

The hosts make their final change of the match as Vinicius replaces Diaz with just over 15 minutes left to play.,0

The visitors make their second substitution of the match as Bacca comes on to replace Fornals. It remains 3-1.,0

It is a double change for the home team as Vazquez makes way for Asensio. There are just under 30 minutes left to play.,0

GOAL! Mariano makes it three! Wonderful play from Madrid as Casemiro plays a wonderful ball in behind for Carvajal to chase. The Spaniard is able to control the pass expertly before sliding it across goal for Mariano to turn home from a matter of yards. 3-1.,1

Funes Mori receives the first yellow card of the game after catching Mariano with a late challenge down the right wing.,2

GOAL! Madrid regain the lead! Following a corner to the left, Casemiro works the ball short to Marcelo and the Brazilian sees his right-footed effort from the edge of the box well saved by Fernandez, but Vallejo is first to react and knocks the ball beyond the Villarreal goalkeeper from close range. 2-1.,1

GOAL! Villarreal are level! Fornals does superbly well to win possession back for the away side in a dangerous position from Casemiro. The Spaniard then slides the ball into the path of Moreno who controls it brilliantly on the edge of the box before slotting his left-footed strike beyond Courtois and into the top right corner. 1-1.,1

GOAL! What a start for Madrid! Diaz robs Cazorla of possession in a dangerous position before Mariano beats both Gonzalez and Funes Mori to the loose ball before finding the bottom left corner from the edge of the box. 1-0.  ,1

Valverde, who created the first goal and scored the fourth, is replaced by Isco. He's been great today.,0

GOAL! 4-0 Madrid, Valderde caps a great performance with a goal! Benzema finds Mendy on the left and though he overhits his cross, it drops to Modric at the other side of the area. Modric plays it back to Valverde just inside the D, and he opens his body up to side-foot right-footed into the bottom-right corner. Lovely stuff.,1

GOOALL! 3-0 Madrid, Benzema steps up and gets his second goal of the night. It's exactly the same as Ramos' spot-kick, he sidefoots into the bottom-left corner with Dmitrovic going the other way. Madrid are rampant.,1

GOAL! Two in three minutes for Madrid, Ramos converts from the spot! The captain steps up, pauses, and passes the ball into the bottom-left corner with the keeper going the other way.,1

GOOAAL! 1-0 Madrid, Benzema sidefoots home! Valderde bursts into the area, but neither he nor Modric can quite work a good shooting angle. Modric's shot deflects kindly for Madrid, dropping back to Valverde who passes it left to Benzema and the Frenchman has a tap-in.,1

Third and final West Ham substitution now, with Coufal the man coming off and he has been replaced by Johnson.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Rashford makes it 3-1! The striker is played through on goal by Mata and he races clear of the West Ham defenders, before chipping the ball over the top of Fabianski and into the back of the net.,1

West Ham make a double substitution now, with Fornals the first man coming off and he has been replaced by Benrahma.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Manchester United lead as Greenwood fires them 2-1 ahead! Telles delivers a low cross into the box, the striker takes a touch, turns and then drills the ball into the far right-hand corner of the net. Another superb finish and the visitors have turned the game around in the space of three minutes!,1

GOOOAAALLL! Pogba levels the score, it is 1-1! A superb strike by the midfielder. It starts from Henderson, with a lovely long ball over the top to Fernandes down the right wing, he cuts inside and lays it off to Pogba, who then curls the ball into the top right-hand corner of the net. Fabianski had no chance.,1

Here is the enforced Man United substitution, with Martial having to come off and he has been replaced by Mata.,0

The visitors have made a double substitution ahead of the second half, with Rashford replacing Cavani.,0

GOOOAAALLL! West Ham take the lead, it's 1-0! Rice with a superb glancing header at the front post as a corner is whipped into the box. Soucek then races in at the back post, completely unmarked and he taps it into the back of the net from close range.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 2-1 DYNAMO KIEV! Dynamo get a little luck and the goal their performance deserves. Ter Stegen keeps out Verbic's shot from the left of the box, but can't hold it. It rolls to Dynamo's captain Tsygankov who knocks it into the net from a few yards out.,1

Trincao also comes on for Fati as Messi balloons over from distance. We're in for an exciting last 15 minutes.,0

Buyalskiy is booked for a late challenge on Busquets. To their credit Dynamo are still playing as though they can get something from this game. Why not?,2

GOAL! BARCELONA 2-0 DYNAMO KIEV! Pique pops up with a timely goal for Barca! Barca take the corner short and Fati holds it up to the left of the box. The youngster shifts onto his right foot and floats it in for Pique who powers a header past the helpless Neshcheret.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 1-0 DYNAMO KIEV! Messi steps up to take the penalty and makes no mistake, smashing it past Neshcheret into the bottom right corner.,1

Final change for Liverpool now and it's Robertson, who has just come back from injury, that's going off for Tsimikas.,0

And the second sees Kovacic come on for Kante after the Frenchman picked up a slight injury before the break.,0

There's a double change for Chelsea at the break. The first is a defensive one as Silva comes on to replace Havertz.,0

Tempers are still flaring for Chelsea here as the visitors still aren't happy with that red card decision. After some pushing and shoving between both sets of players, Mendy is booked for dissent.,2

SALAH SCORES! He had a long time to wait to take the penalty, but he slots it into the bottom corner. Mendy dives the wrong way and Salah drills his effort into the back of the net to make it 1-1! ,1

The Chelsea players swarm the referee to protest the red card decision and Anthony Taylor clearly isn't happy with something Rudiger said as he's booked for dissent.,2

CHELSEA DOWN TO 10! After pointing to the spot, the referee goes straight to his pocket and he's shown a straight red card to James for the handball on the line. It seems harsh as it bounced off his leg first, but he's told to leave the pitch.,3

Liverpool are making a change just before the end of the first half. Firmino has picked up an injury so he's going off, with Jota on in his place.,0

HAVERTZ SCORES! James swings a free-kick into the near post from the right and Havertz makes a late run to the near post. None of the Liverpool defenders pick him up and he glances his header on, sending it looping over Alisson and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Chelsea! ,1

Perisic has put in another industrious showing today, but now makes way for Dimarco for the closing moments.,0

D'Ambrosio replaces the goalscorer, Dumfries, who receives some warm applause from the Inter faithful.,0

Having just failed to find the final ball today, Brekalo is now substituted and Leicester City loanee Praet comes on. Juric is clearly not afraid to mix things up here!,0

There will be no more goals in 2021 for Martinez, who is brought off, as Sanchez comes on to add experience and fresh legs to the Inter attack.,0

Inzaghi responds by making changes of his own, as the recently booked Calhanoglu comes off to be replaced by Vecino.,0

Pobega is substituted with 25 minutes to go, allowing Mandragora the opportunity to impose himself on the midfield battle.,0

Buongiorno is the second player to be hooked by Juric, as he comes off for Rodriguez in a like-for-like replacement at the back.,0

After a fruitless hour up front, Sanabria comes off for Torino, who opt to bring Warming on in his place.,0

INTER LEAD! In a break from the edge of their own box, the champions spring forward with menace, and Dzeko carries the ball past several rather static Torino defenders to roll the ball across the box, Brozovic lets it trickle by, allowing Dumfries to step forward and steer it home for the opening goal! Inter 1-0 Torino!,1

Howe is utilising his bench for the final few minutes, the first change sees Schar replaced by Lascelles.,0

Game, set, and match to Newcastle United, who now lead 3-0! Isak steps up to take the penalty, he opens his body up and strokes home a brilliant penalty into the bottom-left corner. Patterson dived the wrong way and this one is done folks.,1

Unsurprisingly Ballard goes into the book for his foul on Gordon. That's an own goal and a conceded penalty, which feels harsh because there's an argument to say he's been Sunderland's best player.,2

Rusyn is replaced by Ba for the closing stages, which means Pritchard will probably play a little more centrally now.,0

O'Nien goes into the book and it's another easy one for Pawson as the Sunderland man wipes out Gordon to ensure he can't get any closer to goal.,2

A 13th yellow card of the season for Bruno, who's late in the tackle on Pritchard. About as easy a decision as Pawso will have to make all season in truth.,2

Gordon gets into a bit of a shoving match with Hume after thinking he's had his shirt pulled (he did have it pulled). Hume avoided punishment, which is fortunate because he's already been booked.,2

Pritchard goes into the book for dissent after thinking Burn should have been pinged for a foul. He has a point but his mouth gets him a yellow card.,2

We pondered if Joelinton would come out for the second half and he did. But as soon as the second goal went in Howe made the change to bring on teenager Miley.,0

Oh no!!! Pierre Ekwah hides his head in his shirt and as well he might! An appalling start to the second half as Newcastle go 2-0 in front! It's great pressure from Almiron but Ekwah just gets caught dallying, why try it there? Almiron pinches it off him, pokes it into the path of Isak and the visitors dobule their lead at the start of the half.,1

Hume goes into the book for a late challenge on Gordon. He's had a few shaky moments now, with the goal coming from his side of the pitch.,2

For a tired lunge on Bellingham, Inaki Williams is booked by the referee; he's had a fruitless shift up front.,2

Vinicius will not break his duck against Athletic, as he is also withdrawn. Modric comes on for a brief cameo.,0

Ancelotti clearly considers the points safe, as he takes off his front two. First, Rodrygo is replaced by Joselu.,0

After Berenguer capitalises on a mistake from Kroos and forces Tchouameni to make a last-gasp block, Alaba makes his displeasure clear to the referee - he thought Kroos was fouled. That dissent is enough to earn the Austrian defender a booking.,2

Bringing Camavinga's midfield shift to an early end, Kroos comes on as a deluxe substitute for Madrid.,0

Athletic now make their fifth and final substitution, as Lekue is replaced by Imanol for the closing stages.,0

For felling Vinicius on the edge of the box with a cynical trip, Vivian goes into the referee's notebook.,2

Following an unfortunate injury caused by catching his studs in the pitch, Militao cannot continue; Rudiger replaces him at centre-back.,0

Valverde has taken drastic action at half-time, making a triple substitution. First, Nico Williams makes way for Berenguer.,0

BELLINGHAM BAGS MADRID'S SECOND! After Vinicius skips clear and forces a save from Simon, Ancelotti's men have a corner on the left. From the set-piece, delivered by Alaba, Bellingham strikes the ball down into the turf and it loops up and over a helpless Simon and into the net! Quick as a flash, it's 2-0 to the visitors!,1

MADRID LEAD! Los Blancos start the scoring! Opening his team's account for the season, Rodrygo latches on to a pass from Carvajal, who worked hard to win the ball on the right, and shoots low past an exposed Simon! Perhaps the keeper could have done better there, but Madrid fans won't care: it's 1-0 to the visitors!,1

After a coming-together with Carvajal in midfield does not result in a free-kick, Muniain's vociferous complaints to the referee instead earn the Athletic skipper a yellow card.,2

GOALLLL!!! 2-1 CHRISTIE!!! Bournemouth complete the comeback with a finish by Christie at the back post! Billing lobs the ball into Solanke, who heads the pass down for Christie to tap the ball underneath Ward.,1

GOALLLL!!!! 1-1 BILLING!! Billing equalises for Bournemouth as he fires past Ward from close range. Solanke goes on a brilliant run and works a shot that gets blocked. Billing gets good connection on the ball and Ward cannot keep it out.,1

GOALLLL!!!!! 1-0 DAKA!! Leicester take the lead against the run of play after Daka is quickest to react to a rebound! Tielemans sends in a cross which finds its way to Barnes at the back post. His shot is blocked but falls to Daka, who scores on the swivel.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BARNES EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!!! Leicester level the scores out of nowhere as Barnes finds the net. The winger twists and turns on the edge of the box and carves out just enough space to fire at goal. He drills his strike low and hard towards the bottom-right corner, beating the hand of Guaita.,1

Iheanacho is withdrawn for Gray in the final third. The penalty miss from the forward may turn out to be crucial this afternoon.,0

Vardy does enter the game as he replaces Praet. Ihenacho will shift out of the spearhead role and out to the right flank.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ZAHA BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!! 1-0 PALACE!!! The home side make Leicester pay for their missed chances as Zaha converts at the back post. He starts the move with a brilliant turn and run in the middle of the park. The forward sends a pass out wide for Townsend and then continues his run into the box. Townsend arcs a perfect delivery that finds Zaha at the back post where he powers a right-footed volley past Schmeichel at the near post.,1

Choudhury slides in hard on Schlupp and goes into the book for his challenge. The midfielder has to be careful now.,2

GOAL! City have immediately responded! A corner is swung into the heart of the box and perfectly picks out Aguero, who easily rises above his markers and sends a glancing header into the bottom left-hand corner of the net. With seven minutes remaining, it's now 2-2.,1

GOAL! Lyon have regained the lead! Once again, Depay and Cornet link up wonderfully well, with the Dutchman setting up his team-mate to break into the penalty area and beat Ederson with an excellent low strike to make it 2-1.,1

City have made their first substitution of the night, with Delph coming on to replace Sane. It looks as if Sterling is going to move further forward, allowing Delph to slot into midfield.,0

GOAL! City have equalised! The free kick is fired into the middle of the box and finds Silva, who nods the ball back to Laporte and sets up the centre-back to beat Lopes with a brilliant bullet header. It's 1-1!,1

Mendy is beaten by Mahrez out wide and cynically drags the Algerian to the ground, resulting in another free-kick for City in a promising position over on the right wing.,2

GOAL! What a strike by Cornet to make it 1-0! Lyon win themselves a free kick that's quickly fired up to Depay. The Dutchman cuts on to his right foot and sends a pass over to Cornet, who isn't closed down quickly enough and manages to beat Ederson with a spectacular strike from the edge of the box.,1

Sterling sticks out an arm and cynically obstructs Marcal as he tries to break forward. There wasn't much in the foul but the referee nonetheless decides to show the City winger a yellow card.,2

Fernandinho clatters into Depay as the Dutchman makes his way towards the City box, resulting in a free kick for Lyon and a yellow card for the midfielder. What will they be able to do with it?,2

Johnson looks like he is hurt and is slowly walking off the pitch, with Lo Celso taking his place for the final few minutes.,0

Romero is the fourth player to go into the book for Spurs after a foul on Ward-Prowse. The hosts try to take it quickly, but the referee stops the play.,2

Tottenham are making two changes to try and get a second goal. Werner has been quiet in the second half and is being replaced by Richarlison. The Brazilian will go up front, with Son moving over to the left.,0

Maddison grew into the second half but still struggled to create anything for Spurs in a central position. He is replaced by Kulusevski.,0

Bentancur is on his way off after having 92 touches, more than any other player. Sarr takes his place in the midfield.,0

Antonio is shown a yellow card after stepping on Bentancur. He was stretching for the ball and is unlucky, but his tackle was worth a booking.,2

The first yellow card goes to Van de Ven after the defender pushes the ball away from Antonio to stop the play from getting back under way quickly. Its a soft booking, but that’s the rules.,2

GOALLLL! ZOUMA SCORES! 1-1! West Ham are level! The Hammers haven’t threatened much in the attack, but find an equaliser through a corner. Bowen's inswinging cross from the left is met by Zouma, who flicks a header across the goal and into the corner.,1

GOALLLL! 1-0 SPURS! The visitors make the lead! Bentancur slots a pass down the left to Werner, who pushes the ball past his marker to get to the byline. He drives a low cross into Johnson, with the winger scoring from close range.,1

Ramsey may have missed a great opportunity for a decisive third goal, but he has also got through a lot of good work for the home side today, and is now taken off. Tuanzebe comes on in his place as Villa look to hold on.,0

Daka is removed by Rodgers, who opts to bring on Perez for the final few minutes in pursuit of an equaliser.,0

After intermittently sparkling in the second half, Buendia comes off and Chukwuemeka is on in his place.,0

Leicester make a change, as the quiet Lookman makes way for Vardy, who will add a new dimension to the Foxes' attack.,0

After a clash of legs with Maddison in midfield, Nakamba is perhaps a little unfortunate to be the first man booked today.,2

VILLA GO IN FRONT! From the right-sided corner, Konsa rises highest at the back post to nod the ball forcefully past Schmeichel and into the net. After being denied by the VAR before the break, Villa now lead 2-1!,1

VILLA ARE LEVEL! Soon after conceding the opener, the home side are back on equal terms, as Buendia looks to send a header past Schmeichel from inside the box. It looks as though Konsa got the faintest of touches as it went in! 1-1 at Villa Park... and it's officially Konsa's goal!,1

LEICESTER LEAD! Daka demonstrates great persistence to wriggle past Nakamba and Cash 25 yards from goal, and he slips in Barnes who joins the attack from the left-hand side. The once-capped England forward then takes a touch and slots the ball calmly inside Martinez's far post, and the ball nestles in the net. Leicester 1-0 Villa!,1

AND IT'S FIVE! This time, Jovic stays onside as he gets in between two Leganes defenders and jumps to head Carvajal's cross over Soriano and into the back of the net to score his first goal for Madrid. 5-0!,1

Cembranos makes his final change of the game as Bustinza, who is on a yellow card, is taken off and replaced by Rosales. ,0

That's Benzema's last involvement in the game and he receives a standing ovation as he makes his way off the field to be replaced by Jovic.,0

AND IT'S FOUR! Benzema has been desperate to get on the scoresheet and he finally gets his reward! It's a confident spot-kick from the forward as he sends the keeper the wrong way and nestles his shot in the bottom right corner.,1

Marcelo becomes the first Madrid player to go in the book after he catches Bustinza with a late challenge in the Leganes box.,2

Zidane makes his first change of the game now and it's the scorer of the second goal, Kroos, that's coming off to be replaced by Modric.,0

Rivera is the latest player to pick up a yellow card after he pulls back Benzema to stop him getting the ball.,2

Cembranos is making his first change of the game now and it's Rodrigues that's making way so that Recio can come onto the field.,0

Silva has picked up a yellow card early in the second half after catching Benzema with a late challenge.,2

Bustinza has made a couple of fouls so far but after catching Kroos with a late challenge, the referee brings out the yellow card.,2

THIS TIME HE SCORES! It's much better from the Madrid captain this time as he sends his penalty into the bottom right corner and sends Soriano the wrong way. 3-0 Madrid!,1

Soriano picks up the first yellow card of the game as VAR judged that he had moved off his line to make the save for Ramos' penalty.,2

THEY HAVE ANOTHER! Benzema gets in behind Leganes once again to pick out Kroos with his cross. It's a clever finish from the German as he flicks the cross past Soriano with the outside of his foot. 2-0 Madrid!,1

MADRID LEAD! Leganes should've cleared their lines when they had the chance and they're punished for it. It's a good cross into the box and Rodrygo is unmarked in the six-yard box and taps the ball into the back of the net. 1-0 Madrid!,1

CITY ARE GOING TOP OF THE PREMIER LEAGUE! Jesus restores their two-goal lead as he's played through on the end of De Bruyne's throughball and finishes confidently to make it 3-1. Surely that's job done now. There was a hint of offside in it, but the linesman's flag stayed down.,1

City selling out in defence here as Stones is brought on with their final change, at the expense of Sane.,0

GAME ON! Palace cut the deficit in half! It's 2-1 and suddenly Selhurst Park has come to life, as Milivojevic drives his free-kick in at the far post, around the wall with ease! That looked almost too easy for him!,1

City make their first change of the match as Meyer returns after missing last weekend's victory with an illness. Townsend is the one to give way.,0

A first change of the night for either side sees City bring Bernardo Silva on, at the expense of David Silva.,0

THAT SHOULD DO IT! City lead 2-0 and that's likely them out of sight. David Silva picks out Sane with a clever pull-back, and the winger drags an inviting delivery across goal for Sterling, who guides a sublime first-time finish back across Guaita and in at the far post.,1

CITY HAVE THEIR BREAKTHROUGH! Sterling doesn't miss this time, and it's 1-0! De Bruyne carves Palace apart with a delightful throughball from 40 yards out to play Sterling through on goal after Palace squandered a free-kick. Sterling takes it in stride and lifts an exquisite finish over Guaita to open the scoring!,1

GOOOALLL!!! This might not be over just yet!!! Zapata overpowers Messias on the byline and crosses through a fleet of Milan defenders to the unmarked Pasalic. He has all the time in the world to pick his shot, and finishes past Maignan to make it 3-2!!!! We're into the last minute and this game is hotting up once again!!,1

Pietro Pellegri comes on for Milan, replacing the scorer of his team's third goal in Leao, who has been everywhere for the away side tonight.,0

Leão is the next to be booked, as he takes far too long taking a throw-in up the field and is rightfully carded by the referee.,2

Captain Freuler is replaced by Mario Pasalic for Atalanta. He'll be glad to see the back of this game, as he was dispossessed all too easily by Tonali, for Milan's second goal.,0

GOOOALLL!!! Atalanta are finally on the board!! Zapata steps up for the penalty, and makes no mistake in sending Maignan the wrong way to make it 3-1! A consolation goal in what has been a dismal performance by Atalanta's usual high standards.,1

Messias is booked for blocking Zappacosta's shot with his hand. It's Mike Maignan who'll be more bothered though, as his clean sheet may now be eradicated!,2

Fodé Ballo-Touré is also introduced, replacing Theo Hernandez who like Tonali, has been excellent for Milan in this game.,0

The impressive Tonali is replaced by Bennacaer, and the former is cheered loudly by the travelling Milan supporters.,0

GOOOOALLL!!! That surely wraps it up for Milan! Messias and Hernandez break forward and the substitute selflessly leaves Hernandez's throughball for Leao to latch onto, who makes no mistake in firing the ball past Musso to make it 3-0 to Milan!! Game, set and match? It's beyond any reasonable doubt now.,1

Diaz is withdrawn by Milan manager Stefano Pioli, and Brazilian loanee Junior Messias takes his place.,0

Likewise, Malinovskiy, who has somewhat impressed, is brought off for the ever-dangerous Josip Ilicic.,0

Maehle is withdrawn in place of Colombian striker Luis Muriel, as Atalanta look to spark a greater attacking impetus further up the pitch.,0

Tomori picks up Milan's first booking having pulled back Maehle as the Atalanta wing-back looked to break away.,2

Atalanta have introduced Teun Koopmeiners in place of Demiral, with their summer signing from AZ likely to play in defensive midfield.,0

GOOOALLL!!! Milan double their lead! Tonali easily dispossesses Freuler and is one-on-one with Musso, and the Italy international calmly side-foots a deft shot past the goalkeeper to make it 2-0 to Milan!,1

Diaz is booked by the referee having vehemently protested De Roon's challenges, but then does the exact same to Malinovskiy!,2

De Roon again brings down Hernandez, in an almost identical position, and as a result receives the first booking of the match.,2

GOOOOALLLLL!!!! WHAT A START FOR MILAN!!!! With just seconds on the clock, a delightful throughball from Hernandez finds Calabria of all people, and despite Musso saving his first shot, the Milan captain is on hand to tap in the rebound!!! Wow, just wow, we did not see that coming and Milan are 1-0 up inside thirty seconds!!!,1

GOAL! MARTINELLI! 4-2. Arsenal restore their two-goal advantage once more. Arsenal sweep forward on the break with a move that culminates with Jesus picking out Martinelli. The attacker takes a touch before curling a low effort into the far corner from 20 yards!,1

GOAL! MADDISON! 3-2. Leicester pull one back. Iheanacho dribbles ominously towards the edge of the box, before slipping a wonderful reverse pass into the path of Maddison. The attacker takes a touch before lashing a superb strike below Ramsdale and into the net from a tight angle!,1

GOAL! XHAKA! 3-1. Xhaka restores Arsenal's two-goal advantage. Saka sends in another dangerous cross that Ward spills into the path of Jesus! The striker nudges it back to Xhaka who slots it into an empty net from 12 yards!,1

GOAL! JESUS AGAIN! 2-0. Xhaka's inswinging corner is flicked on by Martinelli and Jesus ghosts in at the back post to neatly nod it in from close range!,1

GOAL! JESUS! 1-0. Arsenal take the lead. Martinelli and Xhaka exchange passes inside the box before the ball runs to Jesus. The striker is tightly marked but he finds space for a superb curling effort that nestles beautifully into the far corner from 15 yards!,1

A final roll of the dice for Hertha. First, Esswein – who only came on in the first half – is replaced by 18-year-old Samardzic.,0

A first booking of the game now, and it goes the way of Esswein, who took out Reyna 25 yards out from Hertha’s goal.,2

GOOOOOAALLLLL!!! DORTMUND TAKE THE LEAD! Finally, the hosts have the breakthrough, as Can slots in from just inside the area after brilliant combination play from Brandt and Sancho.,1

Another enforced change for Hertha. Lukebakio has had to make way, with Ngankam coming on in his place.,0

A problem for Dilrosun, who is unable to continue having seemingly sustained an injury. Esswein has replaced the winger.,0

Cala is all over Hazard as he looks to move forward, and pulls him back via his shirt. The referee books the Cadiz defender, arguably a little later than he already should have.,2

Alejo cuts inside and beats two Madrid players on his way forward, but not Casemiro, who catches him late, brings him to ground, and is given the game's first yellow card.,2

Pioli introduces fresh legs, hoping to get his side over the line to victory. First, Bennacer replaces Adli in midfield.,0

MILAN LEAD 3-2!!! The comeback is complete!! Giroud is left in space at the back post when De Winter's concentration wanders, and he volleys in an angled finish from Pulisic's cross! That was textbook forward play from the wily veteran, who puts Milan in front for the first time today!,1

Gilardino reacts to his side conceding a second goal by making a double substitution: first, Badelj is replaced by Strootman in midfield.,0

GABBIA GETS THE EQUALISER! For the second time today, Milan draw level through a header! This time, a centre-back rises highest to meet Florenzi's corner-kick from the right, guiding a downward header past Martinez and into the bottom-right corner! It's 2-2: game on!,1

Leao is disappointed to depart, but Pioli decides he must make way; Okafor replaces him in the Rossoneri's front four.,0

GENOA BACK IN FRONT! The Grifone go 2-1 up just after the break! After Thorsby has a shot blocked in the box, the ball is eventually worked out to the right, from where Vogliacco sends in a high cross. Ekuban leaps to beat Gabbia to the ball and powers a close-range header past Sportiello! What a start to this second half!,1

MILAN DRAW LEVEL! It's 1-1 at San Siro! Chukwueze evades a weak challenge from Spence, then clips a cross from the right side of the area into the six-yard box, where Florenzi arrives to nod the ball home! Martinez can't save Genoa this time!,1

For the first time today, the referee flourishes his yellow card: Reijnders lunges into a challenge with Frendrup and picks up a merited booking.,2

GENOA LEAD! Retegui puts the Grifone in front at San Siro! He coolly beats Sportiello with a penalty-kick into the top-left corner, leaving Milan's back-up goalkeeper with absolutely no chance! What a start for the away side, who now have something to defend - Milan's misery goes on!,1

Gil has a clear run through the middle and Shaw takes one for the team by clipping him from behind to break up the counter. He's booked for it.,2

And the final change for United sees Eriksen, who has looked tired in the second half, going off for Elanga.,0

There's another change for Sevilla now, and Telles, who is on loan from United, comes on for the last few minutes in place of Acuna.,0

EN-NESYRI SCORES AGAIN! And that will send them into the semi-final! It's another moment to forget, this time for De Gea, who came a long way out of his box to clear Acuna's long ball. The keeper gets his first touch all wrong and it bounces to En-Nesyri, who rushes around him to curl a first-time effort into the empty net. 3-0 Sevilla!,1

Sevilla are making their second change now. Lamela, who pulled up with cramp a few moments ago, goes off for Gil.,0

There's finally a break in play for the referee to go back and book Antony for having a slight kick out at Acuna when he was dispossessed.,2

Casemiro sticks out a leg to stop Gudelj from breaking on the counter, and he picks up the first booking of the game. It means he'll miss the next game if United get through.,2

Martial has been gesturing to the bench that he needs to go off after picking up that injury earlier in the half. Weghorst is finally ready to come on for him, as the Frenchman limps off.,0

BADE SCORES! What a start to the second half for United! Sevilla win a corner and Rakitic swings it into the middle. Bade gets in front of Casemiro, and it comes off his shoulder, but it loops over De Gea, who can't stretch to reach it, and it bounces in off the underside of the bar. 2-0 Sevilla!,1

There's a double change for United at the start of the second half. Sancho is the first to go off, with Rashford on for him.,0

And Wan-Bissaka is also taken off, which will mean a move to right-back for Dalot. Shaw replaces him.,0

Marcao is clearly upset as he makes his way straight off the pitch. Suso comes on for him, which will see Gudelj slot back into the back line.,0

EN-NESYRI SCORES! It's poor from United, and they're punished for it. It's a risky pass from De Gea into Maguire on the edge of the D, but three Sevilla defenders swarm around him, and a poor touch gifts it straight to Lamela. He touches it into En-Nesyri, who's one-on-one with the keeper and coolly slots it into the bottom left corner. 1-0 Sevilla!,1

Coman has the beating of Henrichs as he coasts past the substitute. The right wing-back then hauls the winger down with a sliding tackle and goes into the referee’s book.,2

Hernandez and Nkunku challenge for a loose ball but the Leipzig man goes in a bit too strongly and is penalised. As well as a Bayern free-kick, Nkunku is shown a yellow card.,2

Leipzig ring the changes as they aim to get back level for a third time. The first substitution sees Olmo replaced by Forsberg.,0

GOOOOOOOAL! LEIPZIG MAKE IT 2-2! Laimer has acres of room through the middle and produces an expert throughball between Sule and Pavard. Nkunku runs onto it, taking his time to compose himself before slotting a low finish through the legs of Neuer to equalise.,1

Hernandez surges forward and Laimer purposely trips the centre-back as he was starting to edge closer to goal. The midfielder becomes the second name in the referee’s book.,2

GOOOOOALLLL! 2-1 BAYERN! Coman again enjoys a lot of room down the left-hand side and delivers an inviting ball towards the penalty spot. Lewandowski ghosts into the area and powers a header low to Gulacsi’s right to put the hosts back in control.,1

GOOOOOALLLL! LEIPZIG MAKE IT 1-1! Tolisso is lazy in possession and gets caught near the halfway line. Nkunku powers forward, finding Laimer and the midfielder chips over the incoming Neuer. With the ball heading wide to the left of the target, Silva sneaks in to prod past the couple of Bayern defenders on the line.,1

Silva eases past Hernandez and the centre-back brings him down near the halfway line. Unsurprisingly, the Frenchman becomes the first name in the referee’s book.,2

GOOOOOOAL! 1-0 BAYERN! Gvardiol loses concentration in possession and the hosts steal the ball from him. Lewandowski rushes into the area, before seeing his low curler saved by Gulacsi. The Leipzig goalkeeper, though, parries into the path of Muller, who scores with the simplest of tap-ins.,1

Despite protesting long and loud, Guendouzi is shown a deserved yellow card for deliberately felling Depay with a clip of the Dutch striker's ankle.,2

Sarri now switches things up at left-back: Pellegrini replaces Hysaj. After a long debate with his boss, the latter pulls off his shirt and then heads straight down the tunnel.,0

Azpilicueta receives warm applause from the home fans, as does Savic, who makes way for the ex-Chelsea defender.,0

Further indicating that he believes the job is done, Simeone makes a double substitution. First, Correa is replaced by Morata up front.,0

Sarri now makes a couple of changes, in hope of turning this game around. Having been booked at the start of the second half, Marusic makes way for Lazzari.,0

ATLETI LEAD 2-0! Surely that wraps up top spot! An overhead kick attempt by Correa is mishit and finds Lino via a weak clearance from Casale. The Brazilian wing-back then controls an awkward ball and slots it coolly into the top-right corner from 10 yards out! He has been simply superb today, now adding a goal to his earlier assist!,1

Arriving late on Atleti's danger man Lino, Marusic picks up an early booking in the second half. He'll have to tread carefully now.,2

Secondly, opening goalscorer Griezmann has been withdrawn; Depay will partner Correa during the second half.,0

Losing a race he was never going to win against Lino, Pedro dives in and upends his opponent, picking up a yellow card for his troubles.,2

ATLETI LEAD! It's 1-0 to the hosts, and who else but Griezmann? With strike partner Morata rested, the French forward slips a tidy finish into the bottom-right corner, following a smart cutback from Lino! That's the perfect start for Simeone's side - how will Lazio respond?,1

Poulsen has been poor tonight and is replaced by Silva in the final third. Leipzig need something special from the forward.,0

LUNDSTRAM PUTS RANGERS BACK IN FRONT!!!!!!! 3-1 ON THE NIGHT, 3-2 ON AGGREGATE!!!!!! Lundstram is in the right place at the right time to steer a left-footed strike into the net after Kent's dangerous cross causes havoc in the box. The winger raids down the left flank and digs out a delivery that travels awkwardly to the back post. Gvardiol has to clear it off the line with the back of his head, but the ball lands perfectly for Lundstram to fire home. Ibrox is bouncing.,1

GOALLLLLLL!!!! NKUNKU LEVELS THE TIE!!!!!! 2-1 ON THE NIGHT!!!!! Nkunku brings Leipzig on even terms in the tie with a clinical finish from close range. Angelino lifts a dangerous cross into the box from the left flank and after breaking in behind the Rangers defence, Nkunku steers a strike over McGregor into the back of the net. A fine effort.,1

The referee receives sarcastic jeers from the home fans after Kampl is booked. The midfielder brought down Wright on a run into the Leipzig half.,2

Barisic brings down Heinrichs on the edge of the box with a lunge. Leipzig have a free-kick in a very dangerous position.,2

Goldson lunges in on Poulsen and brings down the Dane. The referee books the defender for his challenge. Two of the Rangers' back three are now on yellow cards.,2

ANOTHER GOAL!!!! KAMARA CURLS A STRIKE HOME!!!! 2-0 RANGERS!!!!! The Scottish side take the lead in the tie courtesy of a finish of pure composure from Kamara. He latches on to a lay-off from Wright on the edge of the Leipzig box and takes on the strike first-time on his left foot. Kamara bends his effort away from Gulacsi into the bottom-left corner to send Ibrox into raptures.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!!! TAVERNIER FIRES RANGERS LEVEL IN THE TIE!!! 1-0!! Tavernier notches his seventh Europa League goal of the season as he coasts in at the back post to steer home a strike into an empty net. Kamara does well to release Kent down the left flank, and the winger fends off two challenges before supplying a cross into the middle. It deflects off a Leipzig defender and falls into the path of Tavernier to score. Game on.,1

Gundogan, who has put in a terrific shift today, is replaced by Danilo with a minute of normal time to go.,0

Gundogan knocks the ball past Shaw and the United full-back blocks his opponent's path to earn a late booking.,2

Sanchez replaces Darmian in United's third and final change, meaning the hosts will revert to a back four for the closing stages.,0

Martial replaces Lingard as Solskjaer makes a double change for the final 10 minutes or so of the match.,0

Lukaku is brought on for Pereira with less than 20 minutes to go here. Solskjaer is prepared to gamble, knowing his side require a couple of goals.,0

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN UNITED 0-2 MAN CITY!! Guardiola's men move another giant stride closer to retaining their title! Fred passes the ball straight to Kompany, who plays the ball into the feet of Sterling. The winger finds Sane, who blasts the ball right at De Gea. It looks like being a simple one for the keeper to deal with, but he cannot keep it out with his leg and it ends up in the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! MAN UNITED 0-1 MAN CITY! BERNARDO SILVA STRIKES!!! The defending champions open the scoring at Old Trafford through Bernardo Silva. The Portugal forward takes Gundogan's pass in his stride, carries the ball into the box and beats De Gea at his near post. De Gea perhaps could have done better but that is a good finish near the bottom corner.,1

Fernandinho is not a happy man. Having picked up that injury to his knee, Guardiola wasted no time in getting Sane ready to come on. Before Fernandinho was given a chance to run off the injury, Sane was brought on in his place.,0

Kompany is really struggling. Rashford plays the ball to Lingard and is prevented from getting on the end of the return pass as Kompany blocks his path, the Belgian himself the first booking of the game.,2

GOAL!!! AUGSBURG ARE LEVEL!! IT'S 2-2! Cordoba leaves Hernandez on the floor as the defender looks for a soft foul and fizzes across goal for Finnbogason to tap in! They've punished Bayern's wastefulness at the other end!,1

Gnabry is replaced by Goretzka in Kovac's final change, with the former Schalke midfielder coming back from a thigh injury. His introduction pushes Muller wide to the right.,0

Martinez goes into the book for a cynical foul on substitute Cordova as he looks to mount a counter-attack.,2

A strange decision by Schmidt to withdraw arguably his best performer in Richter, with Cordova taking his place.,0

Muller is on for Coutinho as Kovac looks to kill off the game. The Brazilian had been quiet in the last 20 minutes or so.,0

Khedira clatters into Martinez and is the latest player to go into the book in what is becoming an increasingly ill-tempered contest.,2

Niederlechner goes off in place of Icelandic striker Finnbogason up front in Augsburg's second change.,0

Richter protests as he's shown a yellow card for a frustrated tackle on Hernandez. It was a poor challenge and the booking is deserved.,2

Schmidt makes a positive change, replacing defensive midfielder Oxford with an attacking midfielder in Jensen.,0

GOAL! GNABRY MAKES IT 2-1!! It's a lovely goal from the winger as he drifts into the middle before placing a low, curling effort into the bottom corner out of Koubek's reach. Really nice finish.,1

Thiago scythes Richter down in the middle of the park after some quick feet got him away to lead a break. He's deservedly booked.,2

Bayern's attack breaks down as Coutinho tries to lay it back to Thiago and Kimmich brings Vargas down in the centre circle. The referee plays advantage initially but comes back to book Kimmich once the chance is gone.,2

GOAL!! LEWANDOWSKI BRINGS BAYERN LEVEL! Gnabry delivers an inch-perfect ball from the right and the in-form striker glances the ball into the far corner despite a touch from Koubek, who should do better. It's 1-1!,1

Sule managed to hobble off the field and is replaced by Alaba, who makes his own return from injury. He goes to left-back, allowing Hernandez to shuffle across to centre-back and Pavard to move to the right of the central pairing, where he is more comfortable.,0

GOAL!!! AUGSBURG TAKE THE LEAD!! A throw-in is really poorly defended and Khedira heads a loose ball in behind for Richter, who volleys past Neuer and into the corner after less than 30 seconds! It's 1-0 to Augsburg!,1

Tomori now goes into the book too for a testy foul as Roma looked to break away and escape downfield from danger.,2

GOAL! Roma 2-1 Milan (3-1 AGG)! It's surely too late for the comeback, but the visitors are on the board at last! Leao tucks a pass inside off the wing and Gabbia fires an absolute rocket home, nestled at the nearest post.,1

Jovic is the latest player shown a yellow card after catching Bove. The Roma player is down, though he does not look to be in bad shape.,2

He’s not actually in the game yet, but Roma substitute Adli is shown a yellow for time-wasting after he encroaches on the pitch while warming up near Svilar’s goal.,2

Barely a minute into the second half, and we’ve already got a booking, as Gabbia commits an immediate tactical foul. He gets a yellow card.,2

Roma make a second change in response, bringing on Llorente for Dybala. It’s clear the hosts are gambling on a lockout at the back now.,0

A red card for Roma! Celik is off with a direct dismissal! The defender lunges with a low challenge on Leao and sparks furious scenes between both sets of players. The referee is straight over - and the hosts are down a man!,3

GOAL! Roma 2-0 Milan (3-0 AGG)! The Giallorossi have a foot in the semi-finals! Lukaku chases a ball down the right flank, and stumbles around Gabbia’s challenge before cutting a pass back in. The visitors clear only to Dybala, who loops a terrific finish in at the far post from distance!,1

GOAL! Roma 1-0 Milan (2-0 AGG)! The Giallorossi seize the lead and double it over the two legs! It’s Pellegrini who hits the woodwork with a lob shot after a well-worked play, and Mancini is quickest to the loose ball for a close-range finish!,1

3-1 ATLETICO! Diego Costa finds himself on the left flank, just outside the penalty area as he pulls a low cross back into the penalty area. Herrera is there first, but he bamboozles the defenders by running over the ball, allowing the late-arriving Koke to take a touch and slot it past Diego Lopez!,1

Thomas earns a yellow card after breaking up play by stomping on the foot of Melendo. Espanyol have a free-kick just outside the area - to the left of centre.,2

Atleti’s second substitution brings Diego Costa off the bench - replacing Morata, whose goal is the difference between the two sides.,0

Campuzano fouls Correa who had gotten to the loose ball first. It isn't necessarily a reckless or dangerous challenge, but the referee shows the substitute a yellow all the same. ,2

ATLETI GO UP 2-1! It’s Morata’s sixth goal in six matches as he latches onto the end of a spectacularly weighted throughball from Vitolo, outmuscles David Lopez on his way into the penalty area and fires an off-balance right-footed effort high into the roof of the net - beating Diego Lopez easily!,1

Naldo - who was substituted earlier in the match due to injury - has received a yellow card for his protestations after the awarding of the Atleti goal.,2

GOAL FOR ATLETI AFTER VAR REVIEW! Thomas sends a lovely ball over the top for Morata - who was onside after a referee’s review thanks to the shoulder of the last defender. The striker gets to the byline and puts a lovely cross over the head of Diego Lopez and almost onto the goal line - before Correa leaps highest and nods it into the empty net! 1-1 on the stroke of half-time!,1

GOAL! ESPANYOL TAKE THE LEAD! It’s a poor giveaway in midfield after a sloppy pass from Thomas is intercepted by Victor Sanchez. After dragging a defender towards him, he passes it square along the edge of the 18 for Sergi Darder - whose fantastic shot nestles into the far corner of the goal! 1-0 to the visitors!,1

It appears Naldo has picked up a significant injury - as he is unable to continue. Didac is the man to come on in his absence.,0

GOAL! 6-1 BARCA! This has turned into an almighty rout, and it came after Sevilla won a free-kick in Barca's half. Again Sevilla leave themselves short at the back and Barca break. There's some wonderful passing play involving flicks, one-twos and dummies in Sevilla's box, and Messi's the one who fires it in.,1

GOAL! 5-1 BARCA! 5-3 on aggregate, and that will be that. Sevilla get a corner on their left which Barca boot upfield. Messi gives chase and latches onto it! The ball's quickly worked to Alba on the other side and he crosses for Suarez to poke in and finish the game off! A wonderful goal. ,1

Gomez is booked for bundling over Messi 30 yards out from Sevilla's goal. Barca are still threatening, but not as much as before.,2

GOAL! 4-1, and a lifeline for Sevilla! Banega picks up the ball just outside Barca's box and cannily passes across to an onrushing Arana who spanks the ball into the net first-time. Pick that out. ,1

GOAL! 4-0 BARCA! There's surely no way back for Sevilla now. Messi dribbles inside from the right, almost in slow motion, and lays a cute ball to Roberto who sweeps the ball into the net.,1

GOAL! 3-0 BARCA! Barca take the lead on aggregate! Suarez, drifting on the right, floats a delightful chipped cross towards the heart of Sevilla's defence. Coutinho pops up to power a low header past Soriano!,1

GOAL! 2-0 BARCA! Sevilla's two-goal advantage has been reduced to dust! A spectacular Arthur pass is rushed onto by Rakitic who gets a toe-poke on it just before Soriano arrives and it slowly rolls into the net. ,1

GOAL! 1-0 BARCA! Coutinho steps up, cool as a cucumber, and slots the penalty kick low to Soriano's right. It's 2-1 on aggregate now, and that early goal will do Barca a lot of good.,1

Guimaraes takes the free kick and floats it towards Burn; Chermiti wins it back, Guimaraes is there once again and McNeil sees yellow for taking him down.,2

Another change from Everton, looking to capitalise on that equaliser. Godfrey is replaced by Seamus Coleman.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL! Calvert-Lewin scores a penalty to make it 1-1! His powerful spot-kick clatters off Dubvraka's hand and into the back of the net - it's a huge, huge moment for Everton, is the comeback? Huge for Calvert-Lewin as well, his first goal in 23 games.,1

And a final change for Everton: the misfiring Beto is replaced by Dominic Calvert-Lewin. The latter hasn't scored in 23 games: can he break that streak here and get his side back in it?,0

GOOOAAAALLLL! Newcastle are 1-0 ahead and it's Alexander Isak once again, his 19th this season! The through-ball soars over Tarkowski and Isak weaves his way expertly past Branthwaite to slot it in the bottom corner, way out of Pickford's reach. The Toon goes wild!,1

Gomez is now booked for shoving Connolly over as the substitute looked to lead Brighton on the counter-attack.,2

Lamptey picks up a yellow card for a foul on Mane out wide. It's in a dangerous position for Liverpool to whip it into the box.,2

Henderson, who has worked tirelessly and scored the second goal, now makes way in midfield as Milner replaces him.,0

GOAL!! SALAH SEALS THE GAME FOR LIVERPOOL!! Robertson sends a corner in and Salah gets away from Lamptey to nod home at the near post! Potter will be disappointed to see his side concede in that manner. It's 3-1 to Liverpool!,1

Propper comes off for Bissouma in the final change of the three. The substitute will be tasked with providing more thrust from central areas.,0

Mac Allister also makes way, with Mooy providing fresh legs in midfield as Potter makes a triple substitution.,0

Potter rolls the dice by throwing on an extra forward in Connolly at the expense of Gross in an attempt to snatch a draw.,0

Meanwhile, Fabinho replaces Keita in midfield to provide greater solidity, allowing Henderson to move further forward.,0

Williams, a natural right-back, was clearly struggling to cope with Lamptey's runs in the first half and is replaced by Robertson at left-back.,0

GOAL!!! BRIGHTON PULL ONE BACK!! It's no less than the hosts deserve as they've been growing in this game. Lamptey bursts down the right and curls in a sumptuous cross that Trossard meets on the volley and fires emphatically past Alisson! It's 2-1 now!,1

Williams picks up the first yellow card of the game as he barges Lamptey over. He's struggled to deal with the runs of the Brighton right-back in behind him.,2

GOAL!!! HENDERSON MAKES IT 2-0!!! Brighton don't learn from their mistake and try to play out from the back again. Keita wins the ball once more, this time in midfield, and finds Firmino, who gets it forward to Salah. The Egyptian rolls back to Henderson on the edge of the box and the Liverpool captain hits a looping shot that flies past Ryan and in! ,1

GOAL!! SALAH PUTS LIVERPOOL AHEAD!! Well, that didn't take long! Brighton are caught trying to play out from the back and Ryan passes to Propper, only for the midfielder to be caught on the ball by Keita, who squares for Salah to curl emphatically into the bottom-left corner! It's 1-0 to Liverpool!,1

Marquinhos finishes the game off! 3-0. Angers struggle to clear their lines and eventually Di Maria jinks past Bamba before whipping in a cross that Marquinhos heads into the top corner from eight yards!,1

And Ramos doubles the lead for PSG! 2-0. The visitors work a corner short, allowing Di Maria to swing in a cross that's met by Ramos who steers an eight-yard header into the bottom corner!,1

GOALLL! MBAPPE ! 1-0. PSG take the lead. The visitors sweep forward as Mbappe plays a one-two with Hakimi, before skipping past the challenge of Thomas and rifling a powerful 20-yard strike past Mandrea and into the bottom corner! That was a superb move.,1

As one Armstrong arrives, another departs: opening goalscorer Stuart Armstrong is replaced by Djenepo in the third minute of second-half stoppage time.,0

Contributing with an assist for the second goal, Adams has fared well today, and now makes way for Adam Armstrong.,0

SAINTS DOUBLE UP! Unopposed by a blue shirt, Armstrong strides into the final third, laying the ball off to Livramento. The young full-back crosses from the right for Long to meet at the far post, and the Ireland striker heads down past Pickford and into the back of the net. Surely that's game over. Southampton 2-0 Everton!,1

A final throw of the dice by Lampard sees Gordon taken off and Alli asked to make a decisive contribution from midfield.,0

Lampard has opted to make his second change, after his first has failed to improve matters, with Gomes struggling since his introduction. Now, Iwobi makes way for Townsend.,0

SAINTS LEAD! Capitalising on their first sustained attack of the half, Southampton go in front! Romeu and Adams combine on the left side of the area, and the latter plays in Armstrong, who strokes the ball brilliantly into the bottom corner of the net from the edge of the 18-yard box. Southampton 1-0 Everton!,1

On a booking and having been close to receiving a second during the first half, Allan is replaced by Gomes for Everton.,0

As Walker-Peters attempts to escape on the break, Allan recklessly dives in on the full-back and is then booked for a foul by the referee.,2

Koke is shown a yellow card for wasting time before an Atletico Madrid free-kick inside the Valladolid half.,2

Plano’s match is done with 10 minutes left as De La Fuente is given the opportunity to see out the match. ,0

Sergio is now under pressure to find a way to get his side back into the match as he sends Antonito on for Moyano. ,0

Valladolid’s first substitution comes just after the hour mark, as Rubio is replaced by Toni Villa in a straight swap on the left.,0

Simeone’s second change is a signal of intent – as Correa enters the match for Filipe Luis. It’s certainly an attacking change as the left-back is replaced by a forward. How will the Valladolid defence handle the switch in system?,0

Simeone makes a half-time substitution, as he chooses to replace Thomas with Rodrigo in the middle of the pitch.,0

A dangerous sliding tackle in midfield leaves Guardiola on the ground in a heap, and Thomas in the referee’s notebook as he’s shown a yellow card as well.,2

Alcaraz is shown the third booking in 35 minutes as his lunge catches the sprinting Lemar – causing him to topple over, about 40 yards from goal.,2

Two yellow cards in the first five minutes – one for each side as Godin is booked for going in with a high-footed challenge on Alcaraz in Valladolid’s half.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! GAME OVER!!! Havertz surely makes the points safe with a fine finish! A sweeping Arsenal counter sees Odegaard find Nketiah. With options to his left and right, Nketiah picks the right one by sliding the ball into the path of Havertz. The Germany international strides towards goal before dinking over the goalkeeper and in to make it 2-0 to Arsenal!,1

Arteta makes his first changes of the game. Jesus, whose goal could prove to be the winner, trudges off for Nketiah.,0

De Zerbi responds to going behind with a trio of substitutions. The first sees Lallana make way for Buonanotte.,0

Ferguson struggled to make an impact during his time on the field, and he is replaced by Pedro up top.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! JESUS PUTS ARSENAL AHEAD!!! For all of Brighton's strong defending, the manner in which they have gone behind will frustrate De Zerbi no end. Van Hecke gets up to meet Saka's inswinging corner delivery. However, he can only nod the ball on towards the back post, where an unmarked Jesus is waiting to head into the back of the net and put the Gunners 1-0 up!,1

Mitoma drags back Saka and receives a booking for his troubles. Arteta also receives a yellow card for his protestations on the sidelines.,2

White receives the first yellow card of the contest after cynically halting the progress of Mitoma down the Brighton left as the Seagulls looked to counter.,2

Nacho is booked for clattering into Niakate in midfield, and Braga will have the chance to get the ball upfield.,2

GOAL!!! BRAGA ARE BACK IN IT!!! Just moments after going two goals behind, the hosts have given themselves a chance as Banza receives a cross from the right before laying the ball off for Djalo. The Spaniard takes a touch before rifling past Arrizabalaga to reduce Madrid's lead to 2-1!,1

GOAL!!! BELLINGHAM MAKES IT 2-0!!! The momentum of a Madrid counter seems to have gone when Rodrygo overhits his cross for Vinicius, but the recipient is able to latch onto the pass before cutting it back for Bellingham. The England international sets his sights on the bottom corner, and his finish is delightful as it flies into the back of the net to put the visitors 2-0 up!,1

GOAL!!! RODRYGO PUTS MADRID AHEAD!!! They have barely had a sniff so far but have gotten their noses in front with 16 minutes on the clock. Nacho floats a ball over the top for Vinicius and he beats his man before crossing into the middle, where Rodrygo is waiting to poke home and put the visitors 1-0 up!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NETO FINISHES WITH A SUBLIME STRIKE!!!! 2-1 WOLVES!!! The visitors complete a second-half comeback through a special effort from Neto. The forward twists and turns past Vestegaard in the right inside channel. He opens up his body to strike from a tight angle and has enough curl on his left-footed strike into the far corner. A stunner from Neto.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NEVES CONVERTS!!! 1-1!! Wolves are back in the game as the Portuguese slots his effort home. Neves aims his right-footed strike into the right side of the net, sending McCarthy the wrong way. Game on at St Mary's Stadium.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! INGS SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON!!!! Ings puts the Saints ahead with a thumping volley from inside the box. Armstrong is the architect with a brilliant solo run down the left flank before supplying a perfect cross into the box. Ings meets it first time on his right foot and he dispatches his effort into the top-right corner, leaving Patricio with no chance. A super effort.,1

Romeu wipes out Moutinho as the Portuguese gets the better of him in a duel. The Southampton midfielder goes into the book.,2

Playing his final card, Inzaghi takes off a centre-back, D'Ambrosio, and brings on Genoa loanee Caicedo up front - surely he won't score the winner against his parent club?,0

Both sides are making a couple of changes. First, Genoa's Portanova makes way for young playmaker Rovella.,0

Following a fruitless run-out, Sanchez is taken off and Martinez comes on hoping to end his goal drought.,0

After making less of an impact since the break, Yeboah is substituted and Kallon is brought on by Blessin.,0

The referee finally finds his yellow card, making his first booking of the game for a clumsy tread on Hefti's leg by Perisic.,2

With help from the medical staff, Maksimovic limps off injured, and left-back Cambiaso is brought on in his place. That should see Vasquez shift across to the centre.,0

Bruma is penalised for a foul throw and Tierney is then booked for taking too long over the subsequent throw.,2

HE'S OFF! Just seconds after receiving his first yellow card, Ba punches the ball in frustration and it hits Martinelli, leading the referee to show him a second yellow card and send him off! Olympiacos are down to 10 men!,3

Ba goes into the book as he catches Martinelli in the face near the touchline as he attempts to win the ball. ,2

Meanwhile, Chambers replaces Bellerin at right-back in the second change as Arteta looks to freshen things up.,0

Arteta makes a second double change now, with Smith Rowe heading off the field for Martinelli in the first alteration.,0

M'Vila arrives late to challenge Pepe - who is already being pulled back - and catches the winger on the top of the foot with his studs, meaning he goes into the referee's book.,2

Martins makes a double-change of his own now, with Androutsos coming off for Bruma out wide in the first alteration.,0

The second change also affects the midfield, with Odegaard coming on to replace Ceballos behind Aubameyang.,0

Arteta makes the first of two changes now, bringing Elneny off for Partey in the midfield pivot alongside Xhaka.,0

GOAL!!! OLYMPIACOS ARE AHEAD! El-Arabi has scored against Arsenal again! The Gunners lose the ball high up and are caught out as Olympiacos break at them. Masouras feeds El-Arabi on the left side of the box and he cuts inside David Luiz with ease before lashing a shot that deflects off Gabriel, flies past Leno and goes in! It's 1-0 to Olympiacos! ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MESSI CONVERTS!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! The Argentine steps up from 12 yards and lifts his effort past Remiro with a slight chip to find the right corner of the net. A vital goal for the Catalan club.,1

Merino brings down Messi in the final third within shooting distance. He goes into the book for his troubles.,2

Warrington is the second player to be given his Premier League debut in this match after the Blades' Curtis. Gomes cannot continue after sustaining a head injury. The only positive is that he is on his feet as he walks off.,0

Archer drilled a shot just wide of the left post just moments ago, but that will be his last involvement. Brewster is on up front.,0

Calvert-Lewin registered an important assist in the first half and has been unselfish up front. Chermiti is on for his 16th appearance off the bench.,0

Everton make their first two changes. Doucoure hit the target with three of his four shots and has scored the only goal so far, but is now coming off for Dobbin.,0

Arblaster won two of his five duels and was booked, but is now making his way off the pitch. Curtis takes his place and makes his Premier League debut.,0

Brooks has struggled to make an impact for the Blades and is taken off for the 12th time this season. He is replaced by Slimane.,0

Lowe makes just his ninth league appearance of the campaign and replaces Larouci, who has been quiet on the left.,0

After some discussions with the referee, Robinson goes into the book after pushing Calvert-Lewin to the floor.,2

GOALLLL! DOUCOURE SCORES! 1-0 EVERTON! The hosts are ahead! McNeil has possession in the Blades half and rolls a throughball down the right to Calvert-Lewin, who races into the box and goes around Foderingham. The forward is forced wide, but he lifts a cross towards Doucoure, who scores from close range.,1

Nainggolan is greeted by a standing ovation as he walks off the pitch, thanks to his possible winning strike. Vecino will play out the dying moments.,0

GOOOOAAAAL! Nainggolan is ready and waiting on the edge of the box from a corner to slam home after Skriniar's knock-down. Audero didn't even move, unsighted by the sea of bodies in front of him. 2-1 Inter!,1

GOOOOAAAL! Sampdoria equalise! The ball falls for Gabbiadini inside the Inter area, and he has time to set himself and finish so, so calmly. Those were his first few touches... 1-1.,1

GOOOOOAAAALL! Inter finally have their goal and it's D'Ambrosio! Perisic glides past Bereszynski before prodding a cross towards the back post, where the onrushing defender steams in to make it 1-0!,1

The first change of the game sees Gagliardini make way for Joao Mario. This looks to be an attempt by Spalletti to bridge the gap between Martinez and the Inter midfield.,0

Skriniar notches booking number four of this half between both teams, following a challenge on Saponara.,2

Linetty chops down Politano after the ball had gone and goes into the book. The free-kick is in a dangerous spot, just to the right of Sampdoria's area.,2

Perisic shouts at the referee after a foul goes against him, earning the Croatian a booking for dissent. ,2

Saponara aims for Quagliarella with a ball over the top, before D'Ambrosio trips the forward to earn a yellow card. Some wanted a red.,2

Suarez goes into the book for dissent after not being awarded a free-kick. He continues to talk at the official and needs to be careful.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SALAH CONVERTS!!!! 3-2 LIVERPOOL!!!!! The Reds regain the lead as Salah holds his nerve from 12 yards. He takes a long run up and strikes his left-footed strike low and hard into the bottom-left corner, sending Oblak the wrong way.,1

Frustration boils over for Alexander-Arnold as he kicks the ball away after being adjudged to have handled the ball. A needless one from the full-back.,2

Oxlader-Chamberlain replaces Milner as Klopp aims to avoid a potential dismissal for the veteran midfielder.,0

Milner rises with Trippier and catches the full-back with a stray arm across the chest. Atletico appeal for a red card, but the referee brandishes a yellow. Even the yellow appears to be a harsh decision.,2

OFF! Griezmann's eventful evening goes from the sublime to the ridiculous as he is shown a straight red card for a high boot on Firmino. He tries to gain possession for the ball in the air and lifts his foot. However, he catches Firmino straight on the side of his head and the referee does not hesitate in giving the forward his marching orders. ,3

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GRIEZMANN LEVELS WITH A CRISP STRIKE!!!! 2-2!!!!! The home side notch the equaliser as Griezmann collects an offload from Joao Felix before dispatching a low shot past Alisson. Joao Felix twists and turns his way past Keita with ease down the left flank before steering a throughball for the clever run of Griezmann. The Frenchman takes a neat first touch to break away from Van Dijk before finding the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GRIEZMANN GETS ATLETICO BACK IN IT!!!! 2-1!!!!! The Frenchman converts from close range, steering Koke's low drive from the edge of the box into the bottom-left corner. Lemar leaves Keita in his wake down the left flank from a corner and fires a cross into the box. Koke gathers and shoots hard on his right foot. Griezmann reacts in the six-yard box and guides an effort into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KEITA SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! The Reds are in dreamland as Keita hammers a volley past Oblak. Felipe heads a poor clearing header straight to the midfielder on the edge of the box. Keita takes the strike on first time on the volley and it rockets into the top-right corner with Oblak rooted to the spot.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SALAH FIRES LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! The Reds take the lead with the aid of a deflection from Salah's left-footed strike. The Egyptian takes possession on the right flank and drops his shoulder to cut in on his left foot. He fires a low hard effort towards the net that is taken away from Oblak by the boot of Kondogbia and into the bottom-left corner. A lucky start for the visitors, but they'll take it.,1

Barca's second change sees Kessie withdrawn for Jordi Alba, in a move which will likely push Balde forward and see Gavi join the midfield.,0

Villarreal also make their first tactical changes of the game, and the first of three alterations sees Manu Trigueros come on for Moreno.,0

Barca make their first change of the game inside the final 10 minutes, as Ferran Torres replaces the recently-booked Raphinha.,0

Raphinha heads off the field to be substituted, but is shown a yellow card by the referee as he walks past him!,2

Pedri nods a loose ball ahead and races down the right with the ball. Moreno had left a big gap, and he drags the goalscorer back in an attempt to close it, but all he's successful in doing is conceding a free-kick and picking up a yellow card.,2

Gavi turns away from Parejo and looks to spark a Blaugrana attack, but Parejo pulls him back and is booked by the referee.,2

Kounde charges down the right but is followed all the way by Baena, catching the winger in the face with his hand as he runs and being booked as a result! Baena's been right in the thick of things so far!,2

Baena strides through midfield but is caught from behind by De Jong on halfway, and despite the Villarreal winger trying to continue his run, the referee pulls play back to book the Barca player.,2

Barcelona spring a counter-attack and Lewandowski releases Raphinha down the right, but he's caught very late by Baena and the Villarreal winger goes into the book.,2

Araujo chases down a throughball which Chukwueze latches onto, but handles the ball inadvertently and is shown a yellow card.,2

The referee isn't happy with something Torres has said, and the Villarreal centre-back is shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

Coquelin is applauded as he's stretchered off, and Samuel Chukwueze enters the fray earlier than expected.,0

Wood is withdrawn for the closing stages after an ineffectual performance. Rodriguez replaces the New Zealander.,0

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!! ODEGAAARD FIRES ARSENAL AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! Odegaad curls a sublime effort into the top-left corner from the free-kick put the visitors in front. The Norwegian connects on his left foot, curling his attempt over the wall and away from Pope into the back of the net. A great strike.,1

Saka makes a driving run at the Burnley defence and gets clipped on the edge of the box by Westwood. Arsenal have a free-kick in a dangerous position and Westwood goes into the book.,2

Barnes catches Tierney with a stray arm to the face and goes into the book. The forward has to be careful now.,2

De Cordova-Reid receives a yellow card after pulling Mykolenko back when he was dribbling down the wing.,2

It's a poor reaction from Saveljich to the linesman's decision, despite the fact that Aguero had been offside in the build-up to the shot. The referee books him for dissent.,2

Barca are making their second change of the game now as Coutinho goes off, with Gavi on to replace him.,0

Pique puts his hand across Falcao's face to hold him off as he goes up for an aerial challenge and is shown a yellow card.,2

Coutinho tries to go through the back of Palazon to win the ball back, but steps on the winger's ankles with his studs. It's a poor challenge that sees his name go into the book.,2

FALCAO SCORES! Busquets is caught on the ball by Trejo, and he instantly sets on the counter, sliding the ball through to Falcao. Pique stays with him all the way, but he pulls it back to get away from the defender before curling a low shot into the back of the net off the inside of the far post. 1-0 Rayo!,1

Trejo slides in on the back of Gonzalez to try and stop the counter-attack. He brings the player down and is shown the first yellow card of the game. ,2

Leipzig are making their last two changes here. Henrichs is the first to go off, with Mukiele replacing him.,0

Halstenberg is late getting across to Miranchuk, and he cuts off his run, effectively bringing him down. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Leipzig are making a double change here. Gvardiol is the first to be taken off, with Halstenberg on in his place.,0

Freuler went down with a problem, and he won't be able to carry on after treatment. He makes his way straight down the tunnel, and Miranchuk is on to replace him.,0

Both sides are making changes here, starting with a triple swap for Atalanta. Pessina is the first to go off, with Scalvini on in his place.,0

Gvardiol's boot was high as he tried to make the clearance, and he ended up catching the stooping Pessina in the side of the head. He's shown a yellow card.,2

MURIEL SCORES! It's a brilliant goal! He's drifted out to the left, and he skips away from two Leipzig defenders with a clever bit of footwork. He knocks it past Kampl as well before curling his shot out of Gulacsi's reach and into the far corner. 1-0 Atalanta!,1

Palomino is tight to Nkunku and when the forward spins away from him, he pulls him down. The referee goes straight to his pocket, and he's picked up an early yellow card.,2

Alaba steps across Milla in an attempt to block the pass and is shown a yellow card after catching him on the shin.,2

MILITAO EQUALISES! Vinicius does well to wrongfoot Palacios and loop the cross into the box and Militao wants it the most. He leaps high above Mojica on the edge of the six-yard box and guides his header past Badia and into the back of the net. 2-2! ,1

Elche are trying to run the clock down and Perez takes a long time to make his way off the field. Ferrandez replaces him.,0

MODRIC SCORES! Unlike Benzema earlier, Modric slots this one home! It's a good spot-kick from the captain, and he sends Badia diving the wrong way, hitting the penalty into the bottom-right corner to pull a goal back. 2-1! ,1

Double change for Madrid now as they try to get back into this game. Hazard is the first to make way, with Isco on for him.,0

MILLA SCORES! It's a lovely bit of skill from Boye to get away from his defenders before he plays in Milla on the right of the box. Nobody's picking him up, and he has time to get it out of his feet before hitting it across goal and into the far side of the net. 2-0 Elche! ,1

Vinicius slides in on the back of Milla to stop his run. He's pleading his innocence, but the referee shows him a yellow card which means he'll miss the next match.,2

Madrid are making their first change of the game, and it's an enforced one. Benzema goes straight down the tunnel holding his hamstring, with Jovic coming on to replace him.,0

Fidel has a handful of Hazard's shirt, and he deliberately tugs him back to stop the run which earns him a yellow card.,2

Militao was late as he came in on the back of Boye, and he kicks the forward's feet out from under him. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

BOYE SCORES! It's a lovely pass from Mojica to play in Fidel down the left, and he whips a cross in from the byline. Boye throws himself forward to get on the end of it, and his header flies past Courtois and into the back of the net. 1-0 Elche! ,1

If Napoli weren't already happy with the draw, Meret makes it obvious by time-wasting at a goal kick to the extent that the referee books him!,2

Aubameyang is the next Barca attacker to be substituted, as he's replaced by Luuk de Jong, who scored a late equaliser against Espanyol in Barca's last league fixture.,0

Fabian and Busquets collide near the Barca box, and the Napoli midfielder is penalised. He did look to be pulling out of that challenge, but the referee showed him the yellow regardless.,2

Nico's been really, really impressive in this game, and is replaced by another youngster in the form of Gavi.,0

GOAL!!! Barca level the scores! Torres, who's looked to be very short on confidence tonight, steps up and dispatches the penalty with ease, sending Meret the wrong way to lock us up at 1-1!,1

The first yellow card of the game does come, after Anguissa catches Nico very late, but not as late as Torres' prior challenge!,2

GOOOAAALLLL!!! Napoli silence Camp Nou!!! The visitors race up the other end of the pitch, and Elmas sets up Zielinski inside the area. His first shot is saved well by Ter Stegen, but the Poland midfielder follows in quickest to smash the ball into the top of the net!!! 1-0 to Napoli and Barca are up against it now!,1

GOALLLLLL!! 3-0 BARCA! Roberto slams in to the roof of the net on the volley from inside the area after Messi’s initial shot was saved by the feet of Villar.,1

Beltran uses both arms to bring down De Jong and is booked for his challenge. Barcelona's midfielder went one way then the other there and coasted past him with relative ease.,2

Busquets is cautioned for a tactical foul on Aspas near halfway which stopped Celta's striker from racing away.,2

Despite his best intentions, Alba is booked after sliding in late on goalkeeper Villar when chasing a pass in to the area.,2

Murillo is booked for hacking at Messi's ankles from behind. That was a careless tackle from Celta's defender.,2

Tapia stops Coutinho from progressing by tackling him with his shoulder and the referee cautions the midfielders for his cynical effort.,2

Griezmann is the man to be sacrificed to shore up the defence and on comes Ronald Araujo in place of the French attacker.,0

Fontan has clearly picked up a knock after an earlier tackle with Busquets and despite receiving no treatment, he will be replaced by Araujo.,0

Lenglet clips Veiga's ankles as the midfielder spins past him on the edge of the area and is rightfully booked.,2

GOALLLLL!!! 1-0 BARCA! Coutinho stabs a pass through to Fati, who turns in the area before prodding in with the outside of his right boot in to the bottom left corner.,1

Strasbourg have a three-on-three on the counter-attack with Thomasson carrying the ball in the centre circle. Verratti chases his opponent down and makes a tactical foul. The referee goes straight to his pocket and gives the Italian a yellow card. ,2

Mothiba, Strasbourg's top scorer, replaces Da Costa, who has barely touched the ball in the second half. ,0

Thomasson goes into the book for his confrontation with Alves. He caused the initial tension with an unnecessary kick out after a tackle. ,2

Alves is shown a yellow card for an aggressive reaction to a poor Thomasson tackle. The Brazilian veteran raised his hand to the Strasbourg man and the pair went forehead-to-forehead briefly before their team-mates rushed over.,2

CAVANI CONVERTS! 1-1 No nonsense from Cavani from the spot. He jogs up to the ball and fires it hard past the diving Sels. ,1

Verratti finds Mbappe between the midfield and defence. The PSG forward takes the ball in his stride and begins to run at the defence. Before he can get anywhere, he is taken down by Martinez, who goes into the book for his sliding tackle. ,2

It’s Mbappe time. Tuchel wastes no time and brings the France international on for N’Soki at half-time.,0

LALA CONVERTS! 1-0 TO STRASBOURG! Lala slowly walks up to the ball, waits for Areola to dive and passes it into the net. ,1

White foolishly drags back Mudryk, earning a yellow card and conceding a free-kick that should allow Chelsea to run down the clock.,2

MURPHY GETS NEWCASTLE BACK IN IT AT 3-2! WHAT A HIT! The winger has looked the man most likely for the Magpies, and he thunders high past Petrovic after spinning Cucurella on the edge of the box. Surely Newcastle cannot recover a point from here?!,1

Palmer is afforded an early exit after a goal and an assist in another sparkling showing in front of England manager Southgate. Casadei is on.,0

Guimaraes, who remains one booking away from suspension, is replaced by White for only his second Premier League appearance.,0

Another Newcastle double-change perhaps indicates Howe knows the game has gone. Willock makes way for Miley in the first switch.,0

MUDRYK SCORES AGAINST NEWCASTLE AGAIN! 3-1! This is a brilliant goal following a rapid Chelsea counter. Mudryk charges onto the ball on the edge of the box but shows composure to nutmeg Schar and round Dubravka before just evading Krafth's covering challenge on the line with his finish.,1

Another Chelsea booking! Caicedo is a little unfortunate to be the man punished for fouling Livramento, who was already stumbling after a rash lunge from Fernandez.,2

Petrovic is booked for time-wasting, having been warned moments earlier and again delayed the taking of a goal-kick.,2

Sterling makes way for Mudryk, whose late equaliser against Newcastle in December kept Chelsea in the EFL Cup.,0

Anderson, recently back from injury, also comes on for Newcastle, replacing Almiron and looking to add some creativity in the final third.,0

Burn is able to walk off the pitch but seemingly cannot continue as right-back Krafth is introduced. Livramento will likely switch to left-back.,0

PALMER RESTORES CHELSEA'S LEAD! 2-1! It had been coming! After a series of Newcastle mistakes, a moment of quality comes from the left boot of Palmer, who finds space between Newcastle's midfield and defence and drills a low shot beyond Dubravka.,1

ISAK EQUALISES! NEWCASTLE ARE LEVEL AT 1-1! Chelsea lose the ball cheaply in their own half, and Guimaraes picks out Isak on the left, who places a fine, firm finish into the bottom-right corner. Newcastle had created little, but that is a real moment of quality.,1

Sterling is the first man in the book for a clear trip on Livramento, who had got away down the right.,2

CHELSEA LEAD! JACKSON! 1-0! This goal comes a little against the run of play, but it is a lovely finish from Jackson to give Chelsea a much-needed opener. Botman fails to clear a cross from the right, then he is slow to get out and Jackson is unmarked to flick Palmer's low cross-shot into the bottom corner.,1

Well, well, well things just go from back to worse for Wolves. Substitute Matheus Nunes, who hasn't even entered the pitch today, is shown a red card for his reaction to that goal standing. This game has been riddled in incident!,3

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! 4-2! GAME, SET AND INDEED MATCH TO LEEDS UNITED! Wolves had to gamble and Leeds strike on the counter! The hosts think there's a foul on Traore in front of the dugout from 8, but he didn't play to the whistle and Summerville nips in to play the ball to Rodrigo, who coolly lifts the ball over Sa. Michael Salisbury goes over to the touchline to take a look at this one, and you would think this will get overturned...but it hasn't been! The referee has stuck with his original decision and that is definitely game over!,1

It's been a very busy afternoon for Michael Salisbury, this time Gomes sees yellow for a trip on Roca.,2

Yep, there are no complaints from Jonny. The full-back - scorer of Wolves' first goal - knew it was coming, he was practically going off before Salisbury had even checked it. He's not a dirty player, but it was an awfully timed challenge and Ayling is lucky not to have suffered more damage in truth.,3

And Firpo, who has had a torrid time of it up against Traore, will be relieved to take his seat on the bench as Struijk enters the action.,0

Leeds now turn to their bench as Aaronson is replaced by Summerville in the first of a double switch.,0

It's another booking now, this time for a really silly push from Roca on Traore, who is absolutely battering this Leeds defence.,2

GOAAAAAAAAAAL! 3-2!! WOLVES ARE RIGHT BACK IN THIS NOW!! The following corner is initially cleared as is a follow-up cross, but it lands at the feet of Cunha, whose shot form just inside the area deflects off Wober, wrong-foots Meslier, and finds the bottom-right corner. This is absolutely breathless stuff!,1

Rodrigo, who is still on the comeback trail following ankle surgery in January, enters the fray to replace Bamford. It's a like-for-like swap with both forwards having endured injury problems this campaign.,0

HOLD THE PHONE!!! WOLVES HAVE A GOAL BACK! Meslier comes out to make a headed clearance, the ball eventually is kept in the air off a Leeds boot into the path of Jonny, who nonchalantly lifts his volley over the stranded goalkeeper! Is there life in Wolves yet? They still trail 3-1...,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! WHAT AN IMPACT FROM KRISTENSEN, HE'S BARELY BEEN ON THE PITCH A MINUTE! 3-0 TO LEEDS AND THREE HUGE, HUGE POINTS HEADING TO YORKSHIRE! Harrison keeps the ball alive to play the ball across the face of the goal. Jonny tries to be too cute with his defending and Kristensen robs him of the ball, takes a touch out of feet, and drills into the bottom-left corner!,1

Gnonto's return to the starting XI lasts a little over an hour as Kristensen comes on to offer a little more defensive stability. It's been a fine outing for the Italy teenager, who set up Leeds' opening goal.,0

Semedo is the latest name in the book. It's lazy defending, square up against Gnonto and he pulls his opponent to the ground to earn a deserved yellow.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!! CAN YOU BELIEVE IT? Moments after seeing a goal ruled out at one end, Wolves receive a complete sucker punch at the other end, and it is awful defending! Roca's corner from the right sails across to the back post where a completely unmarked Ayling can stoop low to nod over the line. That is a huge, huge goal for Leeds - who now lead 2-0 - and Wolves have a monumental task on their hands now!,1

Dawson, who was walking the proverbial disciplinary tightrope, is replaced at the back by Collins in the first of a Wolves double change at half-time.,0

That's a little silly from McKennie, whose attempt at playing keep-the-ball to delay Wolves' taking of the free-kick leads to a little tangle with Neto and his own name being put in the book.,2

A third booking of the game and that's both Leeds full-backs cautioned now. Firpo is late with his sliding tackle on Lemina in the centre of the pitch.,2

That's a painful one for Harrison. Dawson lunges in on the winger and catches his ankle. That's maybe fortunate not to be upgraded to a red card, Harrison's poor first touch perhaps giving him a reprieve.,2

Ayling is the first player to go into the book. Kilman finds Jonny on the left flank and the Wolves full-back gets around the Leeds man, who crudely tugs and clips his opponent just outside of the left area of the penalty box.,2

OOOFT!!! WHAT A START FOR LEEDS UNITED! Just six minutes in the visitors lead. Koch spreads a lovely ball out of to the left flank where Gnonto ghosts past Semedo and cuts back for Harrison, who strikes high into the roof of the net! 1-0 to Leeds!,1

Kane’s race is run. It was his header that set Tottenham away early in the second half, before he then set up Moura for Tottenham’s third. Winks is on in the striker’s place.,0

MOURA! THAT IS SPECTACULAR! His pace and skill has caused havoc all game, and now he has capped off a brilliant display with a superb second goal. Kane picks out his partner with a fine pass, and Moura proceeds to easily get the better of Smalling before slamming a powerful finish across De Gea. That is game over!,1

And now it is clear why. Rose struggled with injuries all of last season, and the England international seems to have sustained a knock now. He will be replaced by Davies.,0

A booking for Rose, who nudged into Pogba to prevent United picking up some momentum down their right.,2

There will be a change now for Tottenham, with Trippier struggling having sustained a knock. Aurier isn’t a bad replacement to have on the bench, though, and the former PSG man is now on.,0

And, here is that third and final United substitution. Matic has lasted an hour on his return to action, and now Fellaini is on.  ,0

Indeed, here is that second United change. It appears to be an enforced one, however, with Jones hobbling as he makes his way off. Lindelof will now partner Smalling at the back.,0

No time wasted from Mourinho, who makes his first change. Herrera is off, despite Mourinho seemingly wanting the midfielder to deliver a message to his team-mates before leaving the field, and Sanchez is on.,0

GOAL! MOURA MAKES IT TWO! Wonderful play from Tottenham, as Trippier sets Eriksen clear down the right. The former Ajax man picks his head up and delivers an exquisite cut-back, with Moura on the end of it to tuck home first-time.,1

WHAT A HEADER FROM KANE! That is a world class finish from Tottenham’s star man who, having ended his August hoodoo against Fulham, has struck again this time out. Trippier whipped in the corner, and his England team-mate - despite back peddling somewhat - plants a brilliant header back across goal and into the far corner.,1

Another card now, and it’s Kane who is cautioned. Pawson has already sent off Phil Jagielka and Isaac Hayden for similar challenges this season, but Kane escapes with just a booking after diving in on Valencia.,2

Another booking, this time for a United player, with Herrera having lunged in on Moura, catching the winger on the follow through.,2

An early booking, and it goes the way of Tottenham’s Moura, who is cautioned for a high foot on Jones. Craig Pawson is tonight’s referee, and he has awarded red cards in both of his outings so far this season.,2

Gerrard clearly thinks the game is won, as Coutinho is withdrawn for Iroegbunam to come on and make his senior debut.,0

Finally penalised for his obvious time-wasting, Martinez is booked. It took the Villa keeper nearly half a minute to take a goal kick!,2

Having had a mixed game when in possession, Luiz is taken off and Sanson replaces him in the Villa midfield.,0

VILLA DOUBLE UP! Chasing onto a long ball up the line by Mings, Watkins eludes the late challenge of Dunk to power into the area and fire home Villa's second goal from the left side of the box. Sanchez had no chance! Brighton 0-2 Aston Villa!,1

Brighton reshuffle their pack first, as Moder makes way for Welbeck, who will surely support Maupay up front.,0

Hot on the heels of Brighton's previous booking, Veltman is yellow-carded for a foul on Coutinho and subsequently kicking the ball away in frustration.,2

Another yellow card is shown by the referee, as Bissouma takes down Coutinho with a misjudged challenge.,2

Having reacted too zealously to Cucurella's reaction after a challenge with Watkins, now Mings is shown a yellow card. The game is spiralling out of the referee's control here.,2

Trossard's angry confrontation with Luiz sees the Belgian forward booked by the referee, who has been quick to reach for his pocket today.,2

For removing his shirt during the goal celebration and displaying a handwritten message on his vest, Cash is booked.,2

VILLA CASH IN! The visitors lead, as an outswinging Digne cross is not fully cleared and drops to the full-back on the edge of the box - he steadies himself, chests it down and volleys in a low shot off the left-hand post. Brighton 0-1 Aston Villa!,1

The first yellow card of the game goes to Cucurella, who crudely took down McGinn as the Villa midfielder tried to escape along the right flank.,2

That's Griezmann's last action of the game as he is replaced by Gelson Martins, in Atletico's final change of the evening.,0

Atletico make their second change of the evening, with Correa heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Koke.,0

GOOOAAALLL! ATLETICO LEAD 1-1! Griezmann with a real poachers goal to put his side ahead. The corner ball came into the box which was flicked on by Savic and then tapped in by Griezmann at the far post, who managed to hold off his marker to fire the ball into the back of the net from a couple of yards out.,1

Atletico are forced into making an early substitution, with Juanfran coming off and he has been replaced by Partey Thomas.,0

Jesus knocks the ball past Maguire and draws the Man Utd defender into wafting his right leg. A yellow card is Maguire's reward, while City's is a free-kick just to the right of the D.,2

Man Utd make a substitution. Martial is on for Greenwood. Both sides seem content to hedge their bets with the status quo.,0

DE BRUYNE SCORES! Raya sells Jensen short and Sterling is alert to latch onto the loose pass. He takes the shot early and the keeper does well to get down quickly and push it away. He parries it straight to De Bruyne though, and he makes no mistake as he slots it into the back of the empty net. 2-0 City! ,1

There's a double change for Brentford now, and it's both of the forward players being switched. Canos is the first to make way, with Dasilva on for him.,0

MAHREZ SCORES! It's a great penalty from Mahrez as he steps coolly up to the spot and curls it into the top-left corner. Raya dived the wrong way and City are 1-0 up! ,1

GOAL! Alonso doubles Chelsea’s lead and makes it 2-0! The left-back has been out of the side for a few months and marks his return with a superb goal. Pulisic chips the ball into the box and Alonso was unmarked, he chests it down, controls it and then volleys it into the back of the net.,1

Third and final Burnley substitution now, with Brady the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mumbongo.,0

Another Chelsea change now and it is Hudson-Odoi who is coming off and he is replaced by Reece James.,0

Here is the enforced Burnley substitution, with Wood having to come off and he is replaced by Gudmunds­son.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Westwood after his late challenge on Jorginho in the middle of the pitch. The midfielder protests, but to no avail.,2

Burnley have made their first change of the game, with Vydra coming off and he has been replaced by Rodriguez.,0

Chelsea have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Abraham the man coming off and he has been replaced by Pulisic.,0

GOAL! Chelsea open the scoring just before the break, Azpilicueta with the goal to send them 1-0 ahead. The hosts catch Burnley out with a quick counter, with Mount racing forward, he lays it off to Hudson-Odoi, who passes to Azpilicueta on the overlap down the right, who then drills it past Pope at the near post and into the back of the net.,1

After putting in an impressive shift up front, Idah is taken off and Rowe is offered a brief cameo from the bench.,0

No stranger to the referee's notebook, Gallagher picks up his customary yellow card for an ill-timed tackle on Gilmour in midfield.,2

Vieira clearly will not settle for one point, and the first substitution of a double change sees Mateta withdrawn for Edouard up front.,0

Anticipating a challenge from Gunn deep inside the penalty area, Mateta topples to the ground without receiving contact, and the referee decides to book the big striker for simulation.,2

Smith makes another change, as Lees-Melou comes off to make way for Normann, who receives a warm reception from the home fans.,0

Having impressed intermittently, Olise is withdrawn by Crystal Palace, and Ayew makes his return to the side.,0

SUPER STRIKE! Zaha scores the equaliser! Olise switches play to the left, and with Placheta backing off, Zaha drops his shoulder and unfurls an unstoppable strike into the far right corner of the goal. Gunn had no chance: Norwich 1-1 Crystal Palace!,1

Catching Olise from behind with a mistimed challenge, Williams becomes the first player booked today.,2

NORWICH OFF TO A FLYER! After an excellent by Rashica, young Idah neatly lays the ball off to his Norwich strike partner Pukki, who places the ball into the back of the net. After less than a minute, the hosts lead 1-0!,1

GOALLL! GRAVENBERCH SCORES! 5-2 LIVERPOOL! Diaz has possession on the left and he twists and turns on the ball before lofting a cross over to Bradley, who is free. The right-back then volleys an effort across the goal, with Gravenberch getting away from his marker to head in from close range.,1

Wanger makes a straight swap at left-back for Norwich. McCallum has been energetic and is now being given a rest, with Giannoulis coming on.,0

McConnell got the assist for Liverpool's opener and is now coming off with an injury. Diaz scored against Fulham in the Reds' last outing and is now coming on.,0

GOALLL! SAINZ SCORES! NORWICH GET ONE BACK! That is a superb strike from Saiz. He has the ball on the edge of the box and is not put under pressure by Van Dijk. The Spaniard uses him as a shield, curling his effort from range around him and into the corner. Liverpool still lead 4-2.,1

Alexander-Arnold is back from injury and makes his way onto the pitch. Nunez, who scored their second goal just before half-time, comes off.,0

GOALLL! VAN DIJK SCORES! 4-1 LIVERPOOL! What a header from the captain. The substitutes combine, with Szoboszlai's outswinging corner finding Van Dijk. He runs back to get away from his marker before powering his header past Long.,1

Hanley is replaced by Sorensen. Norwich have been poor for long periods but will be happy to see the return of Hanley, who missed their last match against Leeds.,0

Norwich make a straight swap up front. Idah comes on for Barnes. He will look to inject some more pace into the Canaries' attack.,0

There is a loud cheer from the home crowd, with Robertson making his return from a long-term injury. Gomez is given a rest.,0

Jones has been Liverpool's best player. Opening the scoring with a header, he created Jota's goal with a direct pass. He is replaced by Szoboszlai in the midfield.,0

GOAALLLL! JOTA SCORES! 3-1 LIVERPOOL! That could put the match beyond Norwich. Jones collects the ball inside the Reds' half and launches a long pass through the middle of the pitch towards Jota. Gibson gets his head on it but knocks it into the path of Jota, who rockets his strike into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLL! NUNEZ SCORES! 2-1 LIVERPOOL! The Reds take the lead for a second time. Bradley wins possession off of McCallum and plays a quick one-two with Jota to the touchline to make space for himself. He rushes down the wing before playing a pass inside to Nunez, who drives a low effort across the goal and into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLL! GIBSON SCORES! 1-1! Norwich have a goal against the run of play. Sara's first corner is headed behind by Jota. However, his second inswinging cross is met by Gibson, who heads the ball across the goal and past Alisson.,1

GOALLL! JONES SCORES! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! The Reds take the lead with a deserved goal. McConnell collects the ball on the right and he chips a cross over to Jones on the left side of the box. He is free and heads the ball across the goal and into the bottom-right corner.,1

Herrera is booked for Atletico for a scuffle with the United players that has to be resolved by the referee.,2

Rangnick makes a bold call to withdraw Fernandes and replace him with Pogba. The Portuguese had been busy without operating at the peak of his powers.,0

Rashford enters the action to replace Elanga, who had a couple of moments, but was not overly influential.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LODI HEADS ATLETICO IN FRONT!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!!!!! The Spanish side take the lead on the night and in the tie as Lodi plants a header into the back of the net at the back post. Felix makes a run into the box before offloading back to Griezmann with a neat flick. The Frenchman curls a delightful cross into the inside-left channel for Lodi to connect with and score.,1

LOSADA SCORES HIS FIRST CELTA GOAL IN HIS FIRST MATCH! The 18-year old pulls away from Ramos in the penalty are and takes a touch before hitting a low, powerful shot which beats Courtois at the left-hand post! 3-1!,1

LUCAS VAZQUEZ MAKES IT 3-0 REAL MADRID! Sisto is extremely sloppy in possession ahead of his own penalty area as he intercepts a pass and then gives it away almost immediately, with Casemiro nipping in. They quickly press into the penalty area where Benzema’s beautiful turn takes away a defender and opens up a lane for Lucas Vazquez to receive the ball and slot it past Blanco!,1

Isco will feature in Real Madrid’s first match of the season, replacing Bale with 15 minutes remaining.,0

Suarez is once again the target of Real Madrid aggression as Odriozola brings him down - which earns the right-back a yellow card of his own.,2

IT’S A GOAL OF THE HIGHEST QUALITY FROM KROOS! It’s an UNBELIEVABLE strike as Kroos takes a step inside after receiving a pass from Marcelo and hammers an absolute thunderbolt from 40 yards out which smashes off the underside of the crossbar and over the line! No goalkeeper in the world is saving a shot of that quality! 2-0 Real Madrid!,1

IT’S A RED CARD FOR MODRIC! REAL MADRID ARE INCENSED! The VAR review shows that Modric’s challenge is deemed violent play, and the referee produces a red card very quickly! With just over 30 minutes remaining, the visitors are reduced to 10 men!,3

Fernandez is shown a yellow card for elbowing Ramos while attempting to head the ball. It’s the fourth of the match for Celta Vigo, who are losing their composure in their attempt to get back level.,2

Vinicius tugs Suarez back, preventing Celta from bursting forward on a counter-attack following a poor Real Madrid corner. He’s shown a yellow for the infringement - the fourth of the match.,2

Aspas also has his name taken down for venting his frustrations at match official Javier Estrada Fernandez.,2

The Celta players are furious following the awarding of the goal, as they believe there was a foul in midfield in the build-up. Blanco goes into the referee’s book for the resulting protestation.,2

BENZEMA PUTS REAL MADRID AHEAD! The goal goes to the striker, but all the plaudits go to Bale whose incredible slaloming run saw him lose two defenders before centring a low cross into the six-yard box. The pass pulls the goalkeeper out of position - allowing Benzema to tuck it away neatly. 1-0 to the visitors!,1

Kevin Vazquez goes into a reckless sliding challenge on Kroos which earns the full-back an early yellow card.,2

3-1 BARCELONA! Rulli guesses the correct way as Coutinho sends his shot low to the left - but the power of the strike was enough to beat the goalkeeper, giving Barcelona a two-goal advantage!,1

Raba is shown a late yellow card for getting into a tangle with Coutinho, sending the former Brazil international to the ground in a heap. ,2

DEPAY PUTS BARCELONA AHEAD WITH TWO MINUTES TO GO! Ter Stegen plays a long kick out of his penalty area, which forces Estupinan into an ill-advised backwards header for Rulli. Depay latches onto the loose ball and manages to round the goalkeeper before depositing the ball into the empty net! 2-1!,1

CHUKWUEZE FINDS THE EQUALISER! He’s only been on the pitch for 11 minutes but Chukwueze makes the difference, prodding a shot high into the roof of the goal with a raised foot after Danjuma’s lifted pass took both Pique and Arajuo out of the play following a quick throw-in! 1-1!,1

BARCELONA FIND THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Ezzalzouli beats Pedraza with a bit of trickery and fires a cross to the far post for Alba. The left-back fires a volley towards goal which receives a touch on its way through by Depay, forcing a reaction save from Rulli. The goalkeeper can only push the ball to the far post for De Jong - who tucks the chance away neatly!,1

Pique sends Trigueros to the floor cynically on the halfway line - earning the Barcelona centre-back a yellow card. ,2

Pino receives the first yellow card of the match for his part in a fracas with Alba during a Villarreal corner. ,2

Into the first of three added minutes, and Stones comes on to replace David Silva in an attempt to just shore things up for the final seconds here.,0

City deal with the threat, Jesus looks to break away and is taken out by Iheanacho, who sees yellow. Pressure relieved, and City are nearly there.,2

Jesus is booked for a foul at the halfway line and Leicester send everyone forward now in anticipation of this free-kick being floated into the penalty area.,2

And Guardiola goes to his bench for a second time as Jesus replaces Aguero, who takes his sweet time making his way off the pitch, fixing his shin pads on his way off.,0

THE SKIPPER SENDS CITY TOP! Unbridled delight as the Etihad as Kompany picks out the top corner from 25 yards! It's a strike of the highest quality from the captain, who runs off to celebrate with the fans. What an incredible moment in an incredible career in Manchester for the Belgian defender! Absolutely outstanding!,1

Guardiola isn't wasting any more time. Sane - the man who scored the winner against Liverpool in January - is brought on to try and fill the role of hero once again, as he replaces Foden. Bernardo Silva will drop into midfield as a result.,0

Laporte heads the ball away carelessly into the path of Vardy, who plays it immediately forward for Maddison. That puts Kompany under pressure, as he's forced to slide in to try and break it up. He arrives a split-second too late, and that sees him into the book as a result.,2

Something seemed to upset Maguire there amidst all the chaos, and his words are not received well by the referee who shows the defender a yellow card for his troubles.,2

David Silva commits quite the cynical foul near the halfway line, sensing the danger as Tielemans was sprung forward by Maddison. He trips up the midfielder to halt the break, and apologises after, knowing very well what he did. But it had to be done.,2

GOALLL! OLMO SCORES! 3-1 LEIPZIG! Raum's corner from the left bounces around the box and Red Star cannot clear it away. Baumgartner's header hits the bar but falls to the feet of Olmo, who passes the ball in from close range.,1

Red Star make their final substitution of the match to try and change the outcome. Katai comes on for Stamenic.,0

Leipzig make another switch. Simons makes his way off after registering a goal and an assist. Olmo takes his place.,0

GOALLL! RED STAR GET ONE BACK! 2-1! There is still hope for the away side after scoring a goal against the run of play. Dragovic blasts a shot towards the goal that deflects off Kampl on the way through. The ball falls to Stamenic, who has a simple finish from close range.,1

GOALLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM SIMONS! 2-0 LEIPZIG! The hosts are in control of the match. Simons cuts inside from the left and pushes past Hwang before blasting his shot across the goal and into the top corner.,1

GOALLLLL! 1-0 LEIPZIG! The home side have the lead. Schlager has possession on the right and pokes the ball into the path of Forsberg. He rolls a pass across to Simons, who finds Raum in the box. He is free and blasts a low shot through Glazer.,1

Jorginho is the first Chelsea player to be booked, for timewasting over a free-kick. This yellow card means that he will now miss the next match due to suspension, against Crystal Palace.,2

Mariappa is the latest Watford player to be booked, after his foul on Batshuayi, just tugging the shirt of the striker.,2

Chelsea make their first substitution, with Pulisic coming off and he has been replaced by Hudson-Odoi.,0

Another Watford player is booked, after Dawson makes a very late challenge on Emerson, not getting the ball.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Deulofeu converts the penalty and makes it 2-1! The winger sends Kepa the wrong way and coolly slots the ball into the back of the net. There are still 10 minutes left to play, can they turn the game around?,1

Here is the Watford substitution, with the former Chelsea man, Chalobah coming off and he has been replaced by Hughes.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Pulisic makes it 2-0 to Chelsea! Willian gets the ball in the middle, he lays it out wide to Abraham, who drills it into the six-yard box and Pulisic taps the ball home from just a couple of yards out.,1

Kabasele is booked right at the start of the second half after he sticks out a leg and brings Pulisic down as he tried to break forward on the counter.,2

Here is the enforced Watford substitution, with Cathcart coming off and he has been replaced by Mariappa, who he passes the captains armband to as well.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Chelsea take the lead after just five minutes, it's 1-0! Abraham with a superb finish, after a brilliant ball in behind by Jorginho. The striker gets between the two Watford centre-backs and races through on goal, getting to the ball before Foster and firing it over his head and into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! This time the goal will stand, Newcastle make it 1-1! Willock with another vital goal for Newcastle to salvage a point! It comes after a long ball into the box is headed back across goal by Gayle and Willock brings it down and then smashes it into the back of the net. Poor defending by Liverpool.,1

Fabinho is booked after a blatant block on Saint-Maximin as the Newcastle man looked to break forward on the counter-attack.,2

Liverpool have made their first substitution of the game, with Jota heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Milner.,0

Fernandez is booked for his late challenge on Jota, with the centre-back clattering into the Liverpool man and catching him in the face.,2

Kabak is shown the first yellow card of the game after he deliberately brings down Saint-Maximin as he looked to break foward on the counter for Newcastle. It looks like he now has a problem.,2

GOOOAAALLLL! Salah fires Liverpool into an early lead, it’s 1-0! Mane does well down the left and he chips a cross into the box looking for Jota, but he can’t quite reach it and it is flicked on by a Newcastle defender and falls to Salah at the back post. He spins away from Ritchie and then smashes the ball into the back of the net. Dubravka had no chance, great finish.,1

Casemiro dives into a challenge on Mina in midfield and is shown a yellow card for the infringement. ,2

REAL MADRID DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! A goal is the least Asensio deserves after his wonderful display this match! A weak Murillo pass is intercepted in midfield by Casemiro, who immediately plays it forward for Vazquez. The winger gets into the penalty area and squares a pass for Asensio, who latches onto it and sends a rocket into the top corner! 2-0!,1

A substitution is made before the free-kick, as Aspas is somewhat surprisingly taken off. Beltran is his replacement, but it’s uncertain whether the change was sparked by injury or by design.,0

Aspas gets onto the loose ball on the right flank and looks to break forward, but Nacho sticks a leg out and trips the striker up, giving away a free-kick. The centre-back is also booked for the infringement.,2

Modric is brought down in midfield by Tapia, whose trailing leg brought down the Madrid number 10. It’s a yellow card for the Celta Vigo player - who will miss next match through suspension.,2

Asensio lets his frustration get the better of him, taking Aspas’ legs out from under him. It’s the first yellow card of the match for a Real Madrid player.,2

Mendez is called for a foul on Asensio inside Celta’s half. There’s no doubt that the goal conditioned the winger’s reaction, who decided immediately to pull down the Madrid forward instead of allowing him passage again. It’s a booking for the Celta Vigo player.,2

REAL MADRID MAKE IT 1-0 EARLY! Real Madrid hit on the counter-attack after Aspas’ failed chip over Courtois at one end leads to a goal at the other. Asensio was able to make his way unimpeded down the wing before crossing to the far post for Vazquez, who nodded the chance in easily!,1

GOOOAAAL! That is some finish from Joselu, who hammers his penalty high into the right-hand corner to set up a grandstand finish.,1

Well, it appears to the penalty will stand, with Koke having been awarded a yellow card which means he will miss Atleti’s clash with Barca.,2

GOOOALLL!! The penalty stands and Costa duly makes no mistake, slamming a low finish down the middle, with Pacheco having guessed the wrong way. It’s 2-0 to Atleti!,1

Another Atleti change. Joao Felix has once again put in a bright display, but his race is now run. Carrasco is the youngster’s replacement.,0

GOAL! Finally, we have an opener! Trippier delivers a brilliant free-kick which Saul meets, sending his header at Pacheco, who can only parry it into the net. Atleti lead 1-0.,1

Llorente makes an immediate impact, winning a free-kick down the right, with Marin going into the book for the foul.,2

The visitors are forced into making their final change of the game as Heaton, who is also stretchered off, is replaced by Nyland for the closing stages of the match.,0

GOAL! Burnley pull one back! After Villa failed to clear Taylor’s initial cross from the left, the ball broke to Westwood down the right side of the penalty area. The midfielder floats a cross deep into the area which Wood nods into the top left corner from close range. After checking with VAR, the goal is given. 2-1.,1

Smith opts to make his second alteration of the game as Hourihane enters the fray in place of Trezeguet. There are 12 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

Following that earlier stoppage, Villa are forced into making their first change of the match as Wesley, who was stretchered off, is replaced by Kodjia.,0

Tarkowski is the latest player to go into the book after catching Grealish with a late challenge on the edge of the Burnley penalty area. The visitors now have a free-kick in a good position.,2

Taylor is shown the first yellow card of the match after a late tackle on Rodriguez. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

GOAL! The away side double their lead! After some patient play down the right-hand side of the field, the ball is slid over to the left for Grealish by Luiz. The Villa captain sets it onto his right foot before lashing a fierce strike into the top left corner. Pope had no chance with that strike! 2-0.,1

GOAL! Villa take the lead! Grealish plays a neat one-two with Wesley on the edge of the penalty before a deflected pass from the Villa captain falls kindly for the Brazilian forward. Under no pressure, Wesley is able to turn and fire a strike beyond Pope from close range. 1-0.,1

As the referee signals four final minutes, Podence replaces goalscorer - and perhaps matchwinner - Jimenez following a fine performance from the forward for Wolves.,0

Moutinho looks to have trod on Smith and the former is given a booking for his troubles. The resulting free-kick is headed away in the box by Wolves though and Bournemouth find themselves pushed back from the corner too.,2

Wolves make another change now, bringing on the ousted Dendoncker for the man who replaced him, Traore. It's been another game marked by a fine key contribution for the latter.,0

GOAL! WOLVES LEAD! It's that combination again - Adama Traore with the cross from wide out right in line with the six-yard box and Raul Jimenez rising high to head home at the far post. The hosts have their breakthrough and are ahead 1-0.,1

Now Lewis Cook and Stacey combine to make good metres down the other end for the Cherries and the visitors earn a corner for their efforts. An early change comes for Bournemouth too, as Gosling takes Billing's place, the latter moving slowly.,0

Yet another yellow card breaks up play, though this time it is Neves who picks it up for Wolves after he nips at Brooks' heels.,2

Wilson makes it three bookings now in quick succession for the Cherries after he clatters into Patricio chasing a ball into the box. That'll be a two-game ban for the striker, who is not happy about the decision to flash him a yellow card.,2

Two bookings for Bournemouth in the space of a few minutes now as Steve Cook brings down Jota on the left edge of the box. Another promising set-piece chance now beckons for the hosts.,2

Billing! The Bournemouth man whips a low shot through that deflects back into his path. It is pinched by Traore in short order though and the latter is then away on a dizzying run, covering half the length of the pitch before Brooks cuts him down and earns a booking. A promising free-kick for the hosts now.,2

Wolves have reasserted control of the ball now, with 60 per cent of possession, but Bournemouth are arguably still showing a little more edge in terms of grunt up front. They pick up a free-kick now as Saiss is booked for a foul on Wilson.,2

Richarlison has gone down and Lampard is taking no chances. He gingerly makes his way to the sidelines, with Kenny replacing him as Everton switch to a five at the back.,0

CALVERT-LEWIN SCORES! And Goodison Park erupts with noise! Zaha pulled back Coleman to give away a free-kick. It's a great delivery from Gray and it's missed by the Palace defenders at the near post. Calvert-Lewin throws himself forward and he thumps his header past Butland and in at the near post. 3-2 Everton!,1

Eze is away down the left and Doucoure has a couple of attempts at trying to tug him back. Eventually, he does, and the yellow card is shown.,2

Final roll of the dice for Palace now as they try to find a late winner. Mateta, who opened the scoring today, goes off for Benteke.,0

RICHARLISON EQUALISES! It looks like Coleman's initial cross is too deep, but Alli keeps it alive on the far side, chesting it down before having a shot. Andersen sticks out a leg to block it, giving it straight to Richarlison. He quickly sorts his feet out before firing his effort across goal and into the back of the net. 2-2!,1

Palace are making their second change now, and it's Schlupp that's taken off and replaced by Gallagher.,0

Alli intercepted Eze's pass and Zaha chases back to try and make up for it. He clumsily clips the substitute's heels and is booked.,2

Eze is always favourite to reach the ball first and Keane tries to pull out of the tackle, but he's already sliding in. He's late and has no complaints as the yellow card comes out.,2

Palace are making their first change of the game in reply to that Everton goal. Hughes goes off, with Milivojevic on to replace him.,0

KEANE PULLS ONE BACK! Mykolenko takes the free-kick from near the halfway line and Holgate is at the far post to nod it down for Keane. The Palace defenders are slow to close him down, so he has time to take a touch before firing a shot past Butland and into the far side of the net. 2-1!,1

There's a change for Everton at the start of the second half. Gomes is taken off, with Alli coming on in his place.,0

AYEW SCORES! Coleman is caught on the ball by Mateta, and his cross causes Everton all sorts of problems and Pickford flaps it away unconvincingly. Zaha hits it on the half-volley on the edge of the box and Pickford does well to get a hand to it. He can only help it onto Ayew, who was behind him in the six-yard box, and he pokes it across the line. 2-0 Palace!,1

It's another poor tackle on Gordon, this time from Ayew, who went in heavily on the midfielder. He also goes into the book.,2

It's a poor challenge from Hughes, who slides in late on the back of Gordon. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

MATETA SCORES! Palace win a free-kick down the left and it's a great delivery from Eze. Mateta's run from the edge of the box through the middle isn't picked up by any of the Everton players and he's able to nod it past Pickford from close range. 1-0 Palace!,1

Barinov clatters into Bentancur and leaves him in a heap on the floor, earning himself a yellow card.,2

Krychowiak goes off for Kolomeytsev in midfield as Lokomotiv manager Semin looks to salvage something from the game.,0

Dybala is cheered heartily by the home fans as he goes off to be replaced by Bernardeschi behind the two strikers. Dybala doesn't look overjoyed at being replaced - he probably had his heart set on a hat-trick!,0

GOAL!!! DYBALA MAKES IT 2-1!! What a turnaround! Alex Sandro is given time and space to line one up from distance and he strikes powerfully across goal. Guilherme dives to keep it out but Dybala is on hand again to tuck the ball into the left corner from the rebound! Juventus lead for the first time tonight!,1

GOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM DYBALA!!! The Argentine picks the ball up on the edge of the box and sets himself with his first touch, before curling an absolute beauty into the far corner past a helpless Guilherme! What a goal! It's 1-1 and Juventus are level!,1

Cuadrado picks up a yellow card, but he's rather fortunate to still be on the pitch. He slides in completely out of control on Joao Mario and gets none of the ball. As it is, his accumulation of cards means he is suspended for the next Champions League game.,2

Bizarrely, Sarri is making his first substitution within minutes of the restart. Khedira is replaced by Higuain, sparking a reshuffle. Bentancur drops to the right of the central midfield trio, Dybala takes his place behind the strikers and the substitute goes up front to partner Ronaldo. Needs must.,0

GOAL!! LOKOMTIV TAKE THE LEAD! Joao Mario beats Bonucci and the back four is in disarray. Alex Sandro gets pulled across to try and help Cuadrado out but they can't stop the shot. Szczesny saves, but can only parry into the path of Miranchuk, who rifles home on the half-volley despite Bonucci being on the line! De Ligt was nowhere to be seen in all of that. It's 1-0 to Lokomotiv!,1

The home side make another change with Smith Rowe coming onto the field in place of Forsberg. It is still 0-0.,0

Leipzig make their second change of the game as the injured Laimer is replaced by Mukiele. There are only three minutes of normal time remaining.,0

The away side are forced into their second change of the game as Thiago is replaced by Rafinha as a result of an injury. It remains 0-0.  ,0

Bayern make their first substitution of the match as Ribery comes on to replace Gnabry with just over 10 minutes left to play.,0

Coman picks up a yellow card after going through the back of Forsberg in looking to reclaim possession. He can have no complaints about that one.,2

Goretzka picks up the first yellow card of the match after catching Werner from behind just inside the Bayern half to deny Leipzig a counter-attacking opportunity.,2

Barcelona respond to Madrid's latest switch with one of their own. Roberto comes on for Kessie, who played a key role in Militao's own goal earlier on.,0

Madrid make another change. Alvaro – who scored a dramatic leveller against Atletico on Saturday – is on for Modric as the hosts go for broke.,0

Madrid make a change in midfield. Kroos' influence has waned in recent minutes and he will be replaced, with Tchouameni on in his place.,0

Madrid win a free-kick 25 yards from goal on the right of the box as Kessie pushes his arm into Carvajal's face. The Barca midfielder is cautioned for that foul.,2

Nacho becomes the next man booked after hauling Raphinha to the ground. That was a cynical foul to stop a Barcelona counter-attack, and with Rudiger close by, the defender didn't need to make it.,2

Gavi is shown a yellow card for an altercation with Vinicius in the box as the players await the corner. There looked to be little in that, and a booking appears harsh.,2

Vinicius is cynically tripped by his international team-mate Raphinha, who becomes the first visiting player to be cautioned. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

Vinicius becomes the first player booked after grappling with De Jong. At first glance, that looked to be the correct decision, but on second viewing, the Brazilian looks hard done-by. De Jong also had his hands on him!,2

GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead once again, it's 2-1! Liverpool win a corner and the delivery isn't dealt with by Palace, there is a scramble in the six-yard box, before it falls perfectly to Firmino just a few yards out, who smashes the ball into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Palace equalise, it's 1-1! Zaha fires them back into the game after a lovely quick move by the Eagles. Schlupp finds Townsend on the edge of the penalty area, who lays it off to Zaha, he shifts it past a Liverpool defender and then slides the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net, out of the reach of Alisson.,1

Another Liverpool substitution, with Henderson replaced by Milner, who also takes the captains armband.,0

Third and final Palace substitution and it's going to be a straight swap up top for the hosts, with Ayew replaced by Benteke.,0

Liverpool make their first substitution, with Oxlade-Chamberlain coming off and he has been replaced by Origi.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Fabinho, for his sliding tackle on Kouyate, that doesn't get anywhere near the ball and takes the legs away of the Palace midfielder.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead early in the second half, it's 1-0! Mane making up for his miss just a minute ago, to fire them ahead. The ball is delivered into the box from the left by Robertson, missed by Oxlade-Chamberlain and it falls to Mane around the penalty spot, who volleys it towards the bottom left-hand post. Guaita gets a hand to it, but it strikes the post, trickles along the line and hits the other post, before bouncing over the line, just before Van Aanholt can get to it.,1

GOAL! FABINHO GETS THE BREAKTHROUGH FOR LIVERPOOL! 1-0! The Reds have weathered the storm of Burnley's counter-moves and unlock them with a scrappy set-play finish down the other end! Alexander-Arnold's corner swings in, a nick heads it into the middle of the box and the Brazilian bundles past Pope. First blood to the visitors!,1

Henderson is now the first man to be booked, as he is helped back to his feet. He is limping badly - that could well be his game, unless it is more of an impact injury he can shake off.,2

Aebischer comes on for potential match-winner Orsolini, who receives warm applause from the home fans upon his departure.,0

Having struck the goalframe and also put in a good shift on the left, Soriano makes way for Kyriakopoulos.,0

BOLOGNA LEAD! Orsolini does it again! The in-form winger strides through a gaping hole in Inter's defence, latching onto Schouten's sweeping ball from deep to power past Onana from the edge of the area. His clinical strike puts Bologna 1-0 ahead, and victory is in sight!,1

Dumfries, who was booked not long ago, makes way for D'Ambrosio. That could see Darmian shift across to the right flank.,0

Having been booked during the first half, De Vrij is withdrawn by Inzaghi, as Acerbi comes into Inter's back three.,0

For a crude block on Ferguson just outside the Inter area, De Vrij receives the game's first booking; also conceding a dangerous free-kick.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!! 2-0 BARCELONA!!! The Argentine holds his composure from 12 yards as he slots his effort high into the top-left corner, giving Szczesny no chance. It caps a fine performance from the Catalan club.,1

Junior Firpo comes on to the field to shore up the Barca defence for the closing stages, replacing Griezmann.,0

OFF! Demiral lunges in on Pjanic and does not win the ball. He catches the midfielder late and receives his second booking before the red card is brandished by the referee.,3

Rabiot is left in a one-on-one situation with Messi and has to bring down the Argentine. The Frenchman is booked by the referee.,2

Cuadrado tries a trick to beat Alba, but he goes down under no pressure in the box. The referee books the Juve man for simulation.,2

Demiral gets beaten by Messi and has to bring down the Argentine with a lunge from behind. He rightfully goes into the book.,2

Barca are forced into a change at the break as Araujo makes way for Busquets, who has to slot into the backline.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DEMBELE'S DEFLECTED STRIKE FINDS THE NET!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! The Frenchman puts Barca ahead with the aid of a wicked deflection. Dembele runs at the Juve defence down the right flank before he cuts inside. He fakes a shot on his left foot and goes with his right. His effort takes a massive deflection off Chiesa and drifts away from Szczesny into the top-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SILVA FINISHES A FINE TEAM MOVE!!!!! 3-1 LEIPZIG!!!! The German outfit take a huge stride towards the three points as Silva converts at the back post. Nkunku produces a brilliant cross-field pass to find the run of Simakan on the right flank. He takes the ball out of the air first-time to steer a delivery towards Silva. The Portuguese takes a touch before firing a right-footed effort past Hart from close range.,1

Haksabanovic enters the fold for the visitors in the final third. O'Riley makes way from the Celtic midfield.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SILVA SCORES!!!!!! 2-1 LEIPZIG!!!! Leipzig have their goal anyway as they capitalise on a terrible mistake by Hart and Silva finds the back of the net. Hart plays a pass out from the back straight to Szoboszlai, who feeds Silva unmarked on the edge of the penalty area. The forward takes one touch before slotting his effort into the bottom-left corner.,1

O'Riley tries to fend off Gvardiol and catches the defender in the face with a stray arm. He goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! JOTA RESPONDS FOR CELTIC!!!!!! 1-1!!!!!!! The Bhoys are level at the start of the second half as Jota slots an effort past Blaswich. Silva takes a casual touch in the midfield and it allows O'Riley to release Kyogo in the final third. He draws two defenders towards him before rolling a pass to Jota. The forward takes on the strike first-time, steering his effort into the bottom-right corner on his left foot.,1

McGregor is unable to shake off his earlier problem and is replaced in the Celtic midfield by Abildgaard.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NKUNKU GETS ON THE SCORESHEET THIS TIME!!!!!! 1-0 LEIPZIG!!!! Nkunku does remain onside on this occasion as he collects a throughball from Silva before rounding Hart and dispatching a low strike into the net. Silva runs at the Celtic defence before he releases Nkunku with a pass on the slide. The forward holds his composure first to dribble past Hart then to find the net from a difficult angle. A super finish.,1

Fulham look to break with Willian on the left-hand side, but Godfrey pulls him back and the referee awards a yellow.,2

GOALLL!! STUTTGART!!! PEREA!! Perea pulls a goal back for Stuttgart from out of nowhere! Tomas sends in a cross from the left wing and Perea heads the ball past Sommer. Game on!,1

GOALL!!! 2-0 BAYERN!! CHOUPO-MOTING!! Bayern finally double their lead as Choupo-Moting slots the ball past Bredlow! The visitors sweep through the Stuttgart defence and Muller times his pass perfectly for Choupo-Moting to score.,1

GOALLL!!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!! DE LIGT!! De Ligt scores a stunning goal to break the deadlock for Bayern! He cuts onto his right foot and shoots low from 25 yards out. Bredlow sees it late and cannot keep it out despite getting a hand to the ball.,1

King has run himself into the ground today and will not see the final whistle, as Wilson replaces him with two minutes left.,0

STANISLAS PROVIDES THE INSURANCE! 3-1 BOURNEMOUTH! The winger plays a lovely one-two pass with King and drives into the penalty area before shaking off Gordon and curling a finish around the goalkeeper!,1

Keane dives into a tackle on Wilson and mistimes it, receiving a yellow card and giving Bournemouth a free-kick, but preventing the counter-attack from coming to fruition.,2

Baines comes on for his 348th Premier League appearance for Everton - which could also be his last. He’s sent on for Digne in a straight swap at left-back.,0

A midfielder replaces a striker as the introduction of Billing means Solanke is recalled to the bench.,0

Everton make two substitutions just before the hour, with Gordon replacing Walcott in the first switch.,0

GOAL! BOURNEMOUTH RETAKE THE LEAD! The free-kick is swung in by Rico on the left, taken towards Solanke and Lerma. Both rise to get to the ball but it’s the striker who gets there first, nodding his header past a diving Pickford! 2-1!,1

EVERTON DRAW LEVEL! Coleman’s mazy run into the penalty area draws markers, which allows the right-back to play Walcott through towards the byline onside. From there, it’s a simple pass across the face of goal for Kean, who turns it home! 1-1!,1

1-0! King’s 50th career goal for Bournemouth may just keep the Cherries in the Premier League as he steps up with confidence and slots his penalty low, just underneath the outstretched arm of Pickford who had guessed the right way!,1

Brentford goalscorer Schade comes off as we enter the final 10 minutes of this game, with Keane Lewis-Potter looking to make a similar impact as full-time ticks ever closer.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! The Eagles equalise!! Palace creep further and further forward as they keep possession on the edge of Brentford's box. Andersen picks it up and plays a one-two with Ayew, racing in behind and squeezing the ball beneath the onrushing Flekken to cross the line! A stroke of good fortune for the defender, but no less than Palace deserve, and as we head into the final throws of this game, its 1-1!,1

Brentford's first change sees Frank Onyeka enter the fray, replacing Jensen at the heart of the hosts' midfield.,0

Schlupp also comes off, with Roy Hodgson introducing Naouirou Ahamada to play off the left for the Eagles.,0

Here come the first changes for both teams, with Palace's seeing Edouard replaced up top by Jean-Philippe Mateta.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! What a strike that is!!! The third prong of Brentford's attack pops up with a beauty after receiving a cross-field ball from Norgaard. Picking up the ball on the left, the German striker cuts inside and darts past Ward on the byline, before curling a firecracker of a shot beyond Johnstone and into the far corner! 1-0 to the Bees, and that finish certainly had some sting behind it!,1

Following his worrying injury, Abraham is forced off, allowing young Afena-Gyan a few moments to savour the San Siro atmosphere.,0

Barella is the latest Inter man to be substituted, giving way for Calhanoglu to make a brief midfield cameo.,0

Roma make a further change, as Vina makes way for ex-Milan forward El Shaarawy to return to the hallowed San Siro turf.,0

Roma have responded to going two behind with a couple of changes. First, Veretout comes off to be replaced by Cristante in midfield.,0

Oliveira is the other man hauled off by Mourinho, as Roma skipper Pellegrini comes on with a brief to salvage the cup tie.,0

SANCHEZ STRIKES THE SECOND! Stepping on to a ball from Darmian, the previously quiet Sanchez takes a couple of touches to steady himself before firing an unstoppable rocket from over 20 yards into the top-left corner. It was a wonderfully pure strike - Patricio was left helpless! Inter go 2-0 up!,1

Ibanez has apparently picked up an injury, so Kumbulla will be his second-half replacement in the Roma back three.,0

The injured Bastoni comes off to be replaced by De Vrij, with only stoppage time remaining in the first half.,0

Mancini quickly follows his team-mate into the referee's notebook, seeing yellow for bringing down Sanchez.,2

Following his red card at the weekend, Zaniolo is in trouble again, being booked for blocking Bastoni.,2

INTER OFF THE MARK! With the first meaningful attack of the match, Perisic races away from Karsdorp down the left, crossing in from the edge of the area for Dzeko to plant a composed side-foot volley past Patricio in the Roma goal. The Nerazzurri are off to a flyer, and Dzeko has already twisted the dagger against his former club. Inter 1-0 Roma!,1

Jaba's looked PAOK's danger man at times but has been missing for spells. Biseswar replaces the Brazilian.,0

Here comes PAOK's main man -- Skahkov making way for Prijovic. Can he give Chelsea's centre-backs something to worry about?,0

Azpilicueta is one of the few survivors from Chelsea's 2013 Europa League triumph. He comes on for Alonso.,0

Egypt international Warda comes on for Pelkas, hoping to breathe life into PAOK's attack. Fabregas is being readied for Chelsea.,0

1-0! Barkley surges forward from midfield and releases Willian, who manages to slot the ball under the goalkeeper. A bit lucky but the Brazilian won't care.,1

Richarlison replaces Davies to try and give Spurs some more attacking intent and salvage something here.,0

GOOAL!! The substitute Traore finds the back of the net! Jimenez drills the ball with speed at Forster who can only block the ball away. However, he doesn't avert danger and it falls to Traore and his shot goes in off the bar. That's a massive goal for Wolves!,1

Jimenez replaces the injured Costa who goes off on a stretcher. Let's hope it's not a serious one for him.,0

Tottenham throw on another centre-back to defend their lead. Tanganga makes a rare Premier League apperance with Perisic coming off.,0

Hojbjerg is shown a yellow card after pulling the shirt of Mac Allister. He did not complain about giving away that foul against the Argentine.,2

Brighton are a goal behind and have decided to bring on another striker. Enciso comes on for Veltman.,0

GOALLLL! KANE SCORES! 2-1 TOTTENHAM! What a move from Tottenham. Son starts the move, playing it through the legs of Webster to Hojbjerg who makes a run down the right flank. The midfielder plays it across the box to Kane who rushes in and places his defelcted effort past Steele.,1

Tottenham make their first switch of the game with 12 minutes left. It comes in the attack with Danjuma replacing Kulusevski.,0

A switch a centre-back for Brighton. Webster replaces Colwill with the Seagulls now playing the team that started against Bournemouth.,0

The game has an edge to it now with another player going into the book. This time Perisic is shown a yellow card after jumping into a tackle on Gross.,2

Welbeck thought he had scored earlier in the half and is now coming off. Ferguson found the back of the net last time out and is now coming on to try and do the same today.,0

GOALLL! WHAT A HEADER FROM DUNK! 1-1! It's a great header from Dunk, but Tottenham should be doing better. March's curling corner finds the centre-back who runs from the middle of the box to the back post before powering his effort past Lloris. Dunk was not marked by anyone in a Spurs shirt at any point.,1

GOALLLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM SON! 1-0 SPURS! What a way to score your 100th Premier League goal! Perisic plays a short pass to Son on the left. Moving inside, he curls his effort past Veltman who does not close him down quickly enough and into the top corner.,1

More changes as VIlla make a double change. Luiz is first off with Tielemans coming on in the middle of the park.,0

Burnley's goalscorer Foster also comes off with Rodriguez coming on for his 500th professional appearance.,0

Diaby makes way to a hero's reception after his stellar performance in this game. Zaniolo comes on in his place.,0

A double change from Burnley as Berge comes off for Ramsey, with the midfielder making his first appearance for the Clarets since joining from Villa.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! DIABY CONVERTS! 3-1! A massive goal for Villa and they restore their two-goal lead courtesy of Diaby. McGinn is at the heart of it again with a pinpoint pass to set Digne free down the left. The French full-back cuts it back to Diaby on the edge of the box, with the winger sweeping home clinically into the far corner. A goal and an assist now for the new signing.,1

GOOOOAAAAL!! BURNLEY PULL ONE BACK! 2-1! Foster gets one back two minutes after the restart! Fresh off the bench, Gudmundsson wins a header at the back post and Foster does brilliantly to use his body and spin Torres before finding the back of the net.,1

Another yellow card for Burnley on the brink of the half-time whistle as Berge hauls down Watkins around the centre circle.,2

GOOOOALLLL!! CASH AT THE DOUBLE!! 2-0! Villa double their lead and it's the wing-back Cash with another goal. He didn't get any last season, but he now has two in 20 minutes at Turf Moor. It's great link-up between the Poland international and Diaby on the right side of the box, with Diaby cutting it back for Cash to sweep home into the far corner of the goal.,1

GOOOOAAAALL!! VILLA LEAD EARLY! 1-0! The perfect start for the away side as Cash opens the scoring in his 100th game for the club. It's a lovely ball over the top from McGinn to play Watkins through on the left. The striker carries it well into the box before a heavy touch almost sees the play break down. However, Watkins reacts superbly to his poor touch, nipping in ahead of the goalkeeper to dig out a cross to the far post for the onrushing Cash, who beats Delcroix to the ball and slams it into the empty net.,1

Kulusevski leads the counter charge for Spurs and links up with Donley on his left, but the substitute loses the ball and pulls back Maupay, bringing a potential Bees break to a halt and earning himself a late yellow card!,2

Werner has been the standout in this half for Spurs, being instrumental in two of the three goals in that lightning-fast turnaround. Youngster Jamie Donley will take his place, as we enter an elongated period of added time.,0

Yarmoliuk climbs up the back of Udogie to get on the end of a high ball, sparking another all-in fracas which ends with a Spurs free-kick and a yellow card for the Brentford substitute.,2

Janelt comes off for Brentford in one of two late changes, with Shandon Baptiste hoping to provide the visitors with some late, late spark in the final third.,0

Mikkel Damsgaard is also thrown on for the final stages of this one and will take Lewis-Potter's place out wide.,0

Maddison has pulled up with cramp for Spurs having been one of the key players on his first appearance since November, and not wanting to risk him further, the England midfielder is withdrawn for January signing Radu Dragusin to make his home debut at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.,0

Joshua Dasilva also comes on with the Bees in the hunt for an equaliser, and he'll replace Roerslev for the final 12 or so minutes here.,0

Collins comes off in Brentford's latest change, and he'll be replaced in central defence by Kristoffer Ajer.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Brentford aren't quite done yet!!! Udogie slips as he makes a back-pass towards Vicario, and Toney, who had stayed high up the pitch, is straight onto it. The striker's not offside as the ball came from a Spurs player, and he draws the Spurs goalkeeper before drilling into the bottom-left corner!!! Out of absolutely nowhere, Brentford reduce the deficit to 3-2, and we've got one hell of a game on our hands in the final 25 minutes here!,1

It's Jensen who comes off rather than the tightrope-walking Norgaard, as Yehor Yarmoliuk enters the fray in Brentford's midfield.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! There's the third!!! Udogie canters into wide open space once more before feeding Maddison in the box. He twists and turns before drilling a shot off the legs of Pinnock, but the ball drops straight into Richarlison's path for the striker to sweep into the back of the net!!! Spurs lead 3-1 with three goals in seven minutes, and the Bees are being pulled from pillar to post now.,1

GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! How about that - two goals in a minute and Spurs lead 2-1!!! Straight from the restart, the hosts win possession back and Werner carries the ball down the left-hand side. His low cross into the area evades both Pinnock and Mee, but the substitute Johnson is waiting patiently and slides in at the far post to tap into an empty net!! From 1-0 down to 2-1 up in literal seconds, what a half-time response from Tottenham!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! It's a perfect start to the second half - Spurs are back level!!! Udogie strides well over halfway and combines with Werner on his left-hand side. The forward cuts inside and finds Udogie on a continuing run, and after his initial effort ricochets off Pinnock, the left-back slots the rebound in at the near post for 1-1!,1

Winger Brennan Johnson also comes on for the hosts in place of Bentancur, in a change which could well result in a formational shift in the second half.,0

Ange Postecoglou makes a double change in the Spurs midfield, with returnee Skipp replaced for the second period by Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg.,0

The yellow card is also out for Kulusevski for reacting and pushing Maupay back during that altercation, and hopefully those cautions should put a stop to the scuffles we've already seen throughout this first half!,2

Kulusevski is penalised after getting into a tangle with Toney and Brentford look to take a quick one themselves. Kulusevski obstructs, but Maupay is immediately on the same to push him out of the way and after being put on the deck himself, the Frenchman is finally shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Brentford look to catch Spurs napping once again, but are denied this time and Porro comes away with the ball. With the Bees defence stretched behind him, Norgaard takes the full-back to ground cynically and is met with the game's first yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Denied with one chance, but Brentford hit straight back to take the lead in north London!!! Spurs' high defensive line is exposed again as Norgaard dispossesses Romero on halfway and puts Toney on a clear run into the box. The striker goes for goal and is denied by Vicario, but Maupay is on hand to slide in and squeeze the rebound into the bottom corner!! 1-0 to the Bees, as Spurs are caught short big time!,1

Everton look the more likely to find the decisive fifth goal, with Leicester unable to secure a prolonged spell of possession. Another free-kick follows on the right-hand side as Kristiansen fells the onrushing Patterson and deservedly gets shown a yellow card.,2

Maddison scythes down Gueye with a late, desperate lunge. Referee Oliver has no choice but to caution the Leicester midfielder.,2

Gueye hacks down Maddison as the Leicester midfielder looks to break through the middle. Unsurprisingly, the Everton man gets cautioned by Oliver.,2

GOALLLLLLLL! EVERTON MAKE IT 2-2! McNeil’s left-wing cross looks for Calvert-Lewin and Faes manages a looping header away. Yet the centre-back’s clearance only falls as far as Iwobi, who drills a low right-footed volley past Iversen from inside the area. The Toffees are back in the game!,1

Thomas becomes the second Leicester name in referee Oliver's book after a late lunge on the left-hand side.,2

Coleman leaves the field on a stretcher after that late tackle by Soumare. Dyche sends on Patterson in his place at right-back.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLL! 2-1 LEICESTER! The Everton defence are left wanting as the Foxes intercept in the middle of the park. Maddison plays an incisive throughball down the middle and Vardy rounds Pickford before slotting into the back of the net for his second goal in as many games. Smith’s side have turned this game on its head!,1

GOOALLLLLLLLL! LEICESTER EQUALISE TO MAKE IT 1-1! The most unlikeliest of scorers levels the game as Soyuncu sneaks a right-footed strike past Pickford. Faes had headed a Barnes cross back across goal before Soyuncu’s effort sneaks under Pickford, who may feel he should do better low down to his left. Game on!,1

GOALLLLLL! 1-0 EVERTON! After winning the penalty, Calvert-Lewin makes no mistake from 12 yards as he smashes down the middle. Iversen dives to his right and watches on helplessly as the visitors take the lead!,1

Ederson looks to stop the charging run of Hernandez through midfield - which he does illegally in the eyes of the referee, who produces a yellow card.,2

The injured Scalvini will need to make way, with his shoulder injury hampering his ability to continue. Toloi is sent into the fray as we approach added time.,0

Okafor comes on for Pulisic with two minutes remaining in the game, with Pioli still looking for a way to break the tie.,0

A fourth substitution of the match for Atalanta sees another wing-back changed, with Hien introduced for Ruggeri.,0

Gasperini makes a second alteration in attack, with Scamacca coming on for Miranchuk with 27 minutes to go.,0

Florenzi is recalled to the bench three minutes before the hour, with Calabria ready to take his spot.,0

Lookman picks up a yellow card 11 minutes after coming on for pushing Florenzi in an attempt to win the race to the ball, before protesting a little too aggressively at the referee.,2

De Ketelaere won't get a goal against his former club, as he's taken off in favour of Lookman ahead of the second half.,0

Leao goes down under close marking from Holm and immediately gets up to berate the referee for not giving a free-kick quickly enough. It’s a yellow card for the frustrated Milan winger, who gave his side the early lead.,2

The referee eventually goes over to show Holm a booking for the earlier foul, receiving a yellow card for his part in the battle.,2

Hernandez charges through the centre of midfield looking to get to the edge of the penalty area but he's brought down by the outstretched leg of De Roon, who receives the first yellow card of the match.,2

LEAO FINALLY HAS HIS GOAL! 1-0 MILAN! After five months without scoring in the league, Leao skips past both Holm and Scalvini on the left flank, cutting inside before rifling a shot into the top corner from an acute angle to put the hosts ahead after just three minutes!,1

6-0!! Pavard's straight ball up from the back is cleverly flicked on by Mane 25 yards out, and Mazraoui reacts first to latch onto it and place his shot inside the right-hand post! That was all about Mane's moment of magic really, but it still required a cool head from the full-back.,1

BAYERN HAVE FIVE! Drifting in from the left flank to open up space in the Schalke back line, Musiala drives forward and slips through Tel, who finishes the job by sliding a low finish past Schwolow from close range! That's a cruel blow for the away side, who had begun to improve following Bayern's fourth goal. The home fans don't mind, though!,1

As the points are secure, Tuchel opts for two more changes. First, Kimmich makes way for ex-Schalke man Goretzka.,0

Gnabry will be unable to pursue his hat-trick, as Tel comes on in his place for the final 20 minutes.,0

GNABRY BAGS A BRACE! Putting Bayern 4-0 up, Gnabry adds his second goal of the half by stealing the ball inside his own half and streaking clear through the centre to strike! He beats the stranded Schwolow with a cool finish into the bottom-right corner - game over!,1

3-0 TO THE CHAMPIONS! Bayern steal the ball in midfield, then Cancelo drops Karaman to the turf with some dazzling footwork on the left before crossing low for Gnabry. He takes a couple of touches to line up a shot from inside the area, which zips unerringly past Schwolow, just inside the near post!,1

Having been booked when conceding the penalty, Brunner has been withdrawn at the break; Yoshida replaces him.,0

Bulter is booked for a shove on Mazraoui 30 yards out from goal, which also gifts Bayern a free-kick from a threatening position.,2

BAYERN LEAD! It had been coming! When the ball breaks to Sane off Kral's outstretched boot in the penalty area, the Bayern winger coolly lays off a pass to Muller. The hosts' captain then steers his shot into the bottom-left corner to put them 1-0 up at the first half's midpoint!,1

Partey is the latest player to receive a yellow card after bringing down Musiala as Bayern looked to counter-attack.,2

Arteta looks to shore up his midfield, with Partey entering the fray. Havertz is the player to make way.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! 2-2!! Arsenal equalise! Bayern lose the ball from a throw-in and Saka feeds Jesus on the edge of the box. The Brazilian forward twists and turns before finding Trossard in space inside the penalty area, and he strikes it first-time into the bottom corner! The two substitutes link up to fire the Gunners back into the game!,1

GOOOAAAALLL!! 2-1 BAYERN!! The German side have flipped the game on its head! After Saliba fouled Sane, Kane has the chance to score from the penalty spot. He takes a slow run-up before stuttering as he approaches the ball, and he sends Raya the wrong way, rolling the ball into the corner. That's his seventh strike of the competition this season, and his 15th goal against Arsenal in his career!,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-1! Bayern equalise! Gabriel takes a poor touch and he’s being hassled by Kane, and his pass is intercepted by Sane in a dangerous position. He finds Goretzka between the lines and Gnabry has made a run ahead of him, and he’s picked out inside the box. He’s one-on-one with Raya, and he fires it into the back of the net!,1

GOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!! Odegaard sends a clipped pass in behind the Bayern defence and Saka is there to meet it, and Davies’ tackle cannons into the path of White. He finds Saka again who has burst into the box, and he cuts inside onto his left foot. He stands up his marker, and he places the ball into the far corner with a superb finish, leaving Neuer with no chance! That’s his fourth goal in the Champions League this season.,1

Davies receives a yellow for a foul on Saka, and Arsenal win a free-kick inside the Bayern half. The Canadian defender stood on the heel of the English winger.,2

The referee is forced to hand out yellow cards after the full-time whistle, after a coming together between Costa and Olaza.,2

Cheikh is booked after he deliberately pulls Morata down as the striker looks to break free in the Celta final third.,2

Saul is the latest player to be booked after he loses the ball on the edge of the Celta penalty area and then catches Cheikh late, as he tries to win it back.,2

Koke is shown a yellow card for his late challenge on Aspas midway into the Atletico half of the pitch.,2

Third and final Atletico substitution, with Joao Felix making his way off the field and he has been replaced by Morata.,0

Aspas has been booked after having words with the referee following a challenge on Aidoo by Costa. The striker feels that the Atletico man left his elbow there.,2

Atletico have made a double substitution on the hour mark, with Correa coming off and he has been replaced by Vitolo.,0

Aidoo is shown the first yellow card of the game, after his challenge on Costa, just as the striker was about to break into the box.,2

INTER ARE LEVEL! Sensi took the free-kick from the edge of the box and his effort rebounded off the crossbar and into the middle of the box. Barella was waiting under it and hit his shot into the ground on the volley, through the crowd and into the bottom left corner. 1-1!,1

The final change from Slavia Prague sees the goal scorer Olayinka come off to be replaced by Provod. ,0

It's a double change for Inter now and Brozovic is the first to make way. Barella is on in his place.,0

Martinez's frustration just gets the better of him after D'Ambrosio gives away a free-kick in a good position and he's booked for dissent.,2

OLYANIKA PUTS SLAVIA PRAGUE AHEAD! Zeleny has the initial shot from just inside the box and drives his effort low towards the bottom right corner. Handanovic makes a good save but palms it into Olayinka's path and he fires it in from very close range. There's a quick VAR check, but the goal stands. 1-0 Slavia Prague!,1

That is the end of Traore's game as he goes down the tunnel and it's Zeleny that's coming on to replace him. ,0

Asamoah is the first Inter player to be booked today after catching Traore with a very late challenge. VAR are having a look into the incident to see if it's a red card.,2

Candreva went straight down the tunnel with the medical staff after coming off the field and Lazaro now comes on to replace him. ,0

Hovorka is called across by the referee and is shown the first yellow card of the game for that challenge on Sensi. ,2

IBRAHIMOVIC MAKES IT FOUR! Bennacer charges into space in midfield and finds the veteran striker on the edge of the penalty area. The Sweden international takes a touch to set himself and curls a wonderful strike into the far corner - putting it just out of reach! 4-2!,1

BENNACER’S SWEET STRIKE PUTS MILAN BACK ON TOP! 3-2! Absolutely no chance for Skorupski, as Bakayoko’s cross is only half-cleared by Svanberg. The ball is put high up in the air towards Bennacer at the edge of the penalty area, who hits a first-time volley into the bottom left corner!,1

Arnautovic will not see out the remainder of the match as Santander is sent on for the last seven minutes. ,0

The referee produces another yellow card - this time it’s for Saelemaekers, who gave Svanberg a push in the back.,2

IT’S A SECOND RED CARD FOR BOLOGNA! SORIANO IS SENT OFF! Toure was down in considerable pain after the tackle from the captain, who appears to have caught the left leg of the left-back with his studs. The referee takes a quick look at the VAR screen and has no doubts that it’s a stamp as he awards Milan a free-kick and sends off a second Bologna player!,3

BOLOGNA FIND THE EQUALISER! 2-2! INCREDIBLE! Arnautovic turns Toure and fires a pass down the flank for Soriano. The captain latches onto it and delivers a great ball to Barrow, who beats Tatarusanu from inside the 18-yard box!,1

MILAN DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! Toure's cross from the left is palmed to Castillejo at the far post by a backtracking Skorupski. The winger centres a pass for Calabria, who runs onto the loose ball and hammers a strike that goes off of the leg of Dominguez and in! 2-0! ,1

Tatarusanu comes off his line and gets to the ball before Arnautovic, sending the striker flying high up into the air. The Austria international is convinced he should have received a penalty and berates the referee - for which he's shown a yellow card. ,2

RED CARD FOR SOUMAORO! Kjaer hits a ball over the top of the defence for Krunic, who gets to the pass ahead of Soumaoro. There’s a tangling of legs 20 yards from goal and the defender is deemed to have stopped a goal-scoring opportunity, for which he’s sent off!,3

LEAO FINDS THE BACK OF THE NET! 1-0 MILAN! The Portugal international gets on the end of Ibrahimovic’s incisive pass - beating Medel for pace before turning a shot towards goal from an acute angle. The effort takes a deflection off the foot of the defender before wrong-footing the goalkeeper - giving Milan the lead!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!! MURIQI FIRES MALLORCA AHEAD!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as Muriqi holds his nerve from 12 yards. He goes for a stutter-step before hammering a left-footed strike away from the hand of Oblak into the top-right corner. A perfect penalty.,1

Vrsaljko picks up a booking just seconds after entering the action as he blocks off Kubo, handing the home side a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Lee is withdrawn in the final third for the home side and is replaced by Kubo. Mallorca need a spark.,0

There's another double change for Sampdoria. Vieira is the first to go off, with Askildsen replacing him.,0

And Correa, whose quick brace took this game out of Sampdoria's reach, also goes off, with Caicedo on for him.,0

It's a lovely turn from Martinez to get away from Ferrari, and the defender desperately stretches to tug him back, earning a yellow card.,2

There's a triple change for Inter following that third goal. Perisic went down in the build-up to it, and he's taken off on a stretcher. Gosens replaces him.,0

CORREA SCORES AGAIN! And just like that, it's 3-0! Correa makes the run from deep in his own half into Sampdoria's box before he tries to take it around Yoshida but spins into Ferrari. He nudges the defender out of his way before hitting his shot on the half-turn. Audero doesn't see it coming, and he slots it across goal.,1

CORREA SCORES! And it's a lovely goal by Inter! Calhanoglu plays a one-two with Perisic to get to the edge of the box before he lays it off to Correa. The perfectly-weighted pass allows him to hit the shot first time, and he curls it out of Audero's reach and into the far side of the net. 2-0 Inter!,1

PERISIC SCORES! Perisic starts the move by dispossessing Candreva and sets Inter on the counter. Barella carries it into the box before unselfishly picking out the Croatian to his left. He lifts a lovely shot over Yoshida and Audero to pick out the far bottom corner. 1-0 Inter!,1

Barella is shown the second yellow card of the day, seemingly for something he said to the referee after catching his opponent.,2

Yoshida, one of two changes made to the Sampdoria side today, earns an early booking for a foul on Correa.,2

3-3! Barca are not done yet, they battle back once more to pull level through Lewandowski. Their star striker powers in a header from the left side of the penalty area, following Garcia's deep cross, and they somehow keep themselves in the competition! Inter are bereft!,1

INTER BACK IN FRONT! Barca are on the verge of elimination, as Gosens silences Camp Nou again; putting Inter 3-2 ahead on the break! The hosts left the back door wide open, and Martinez strode into the space before picking out the German wide man at the back post to slot past an isolated Ter Stegen. What a finale - but it's not over yet!,1

Amid a hectic conclusion to the match, Mkhitaryan becomes the latest player booked, for a late tackle on De Jong.,2

LEWY LEVELS! Barcelona pull it back to 2-2, and a breathless encounter is still up for grabs! Lewandowski has looked likeliest today, and the veteran striker adds yet another Champions League goal to his tally by finding the bottom-left corner with a deflected effort that leaves Onana beaten all ends up!,1

A howling Darmian goes down in a crumpled heap on the touchline, after Dembele thunders into the wing-back with a hefty challenge. That's a booking for the frustrated Frenchman.,2

Inzaghi moves to tighten things up on the left flank, as the more defensive Darmian is brought on for Dimarco.,0

INTER LEAD! Martinez's goal drought is over - and what a way to do it! After eight barren games, the Inter striker chests down a long ball from Calhanoglu and steers a low shot into the net via the inside of the far post! Ter Stegen is left helpless, and Camp Nou is stunned!,1

For bringing down Pedri deep inside his own half, De Vrij becomes the second Inter player to see yellow in short order.,2

INTER PULL LEVEL! Camp Nou is silenced, as Barella brilliantly eludes Pique to volley home the equaliser from close range! He controlled a long Bastoni ball over the centre-back's head first time, then powered the ball past Ter Stegen and into the top-left corner: 1-1!,1

BARCA LEAD! Reward for their growing dominance finally arrives, as Barcelona go 1-0 up through Dembele. A sprint to the touchline by Roberto is followed by a smart low ball across the box, which the French winger is first to meet; turning the ball into the bottom-right corner past Onana!,1

Neuhaus also makes a couple of alterations as the match draws to a close, with the impressive Doan replaced by Seufert.,0

Flick makes another double-change now, with Lewandowski denied the chance to net his hat-trick as he is replaced up front by Choupo-Moting.,0

Coman is the other man to make way, with exciting young talent Musiala taking his place on the left wing.,0

De Medina, on a yellow card, is brought off for Behrendt as Neuhaus makes a change in the closing stages of the game.,0

SENT OFF! Tolisso is off and Bayern are down to 10 men! Klos gets away in behind and is bearing down on goal as Tolisso sprints back. The midfielder catches up to Klos just outside the box and slides in to win the ball, but catches his man and is shown a straight red for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity!,3

The second substitution sees Gnabry replaced by Costa on the right wing - the Brazilian's fresh legs and direct running could cause plenty of problems in the closing stages.,0

With the game wrapped up, Flick makes a double-change. Goretzka is off for Martinez in midfield in the first alteration.,0

GOAL!!! DOAN PULLS ONE BACK FOR BIELEFELD!! The hosts break after repelling the Bayern corner and one pass sends Klos away in behind. The striker carries the ball as far as he can before finding Doan, who takes his man on down the right and works just enough space for a low shot across goal that's right in the corner! Neuer is beaten and it's now 4-1!,1

GOAL!! MULLER MAKES IT FOUR!! Lewandowski turns provider as he curls in a sumptuous cross from the right that Muller races onto in the middle and diverts home with the outside of his boot! That's a classy goal. It's 4-0 to Bayern!,1

GOAL!! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES AGAIN! Muller races towards the edge of the box before turning sharply and squaring for Lewandowski on the edge of the box in almost exactly the same spot from which he scored his first. The striker controls and shoots, and his low strike takes a wicked deflection that Moreno can't keep out, despite getting a hand to it! It's now 3-0 to Bayern!,1

GOAL!! LEWANDOWSKI THUMPS ONE IN! Goretzka picks up a loose ball on the left touchline and surges forward before checking onto his right and squaring to Lewandowski on the edge of the box. The striker takes one touch before smashing a fierce effort in! It was fairly central, and Moreno's positioning was a little suspect, but the power on the strike was impressive. Bayern lead 2-0!,1

GOAL!! MULLER PUTS BAYERN AHEAD! Just like that, Bayern flick a switch and carve their way through the lines with a series of slick one-twos. Lewandowski releases Muller into the box and the German unselfishly squares towards Coman for a tap-in, but the pass is blocked and ricochets back to his feet. Muller then takes a touch and calmly fires into the top-right corner past the onrushing goalkeeper! It's 1-0 to Bayern!,1

GOALLLL! ROBERTO SCORES! 2-2! Barcelona find an equaliser and Granada are furious. Balde drives a cross into the heart of the box, with Roberto getting a shot away from close range. Ferreira gets a touch on it but is unable to keep it out. The hosts want a free-kick after Joao Felix barged Vallejo to the floor before they away side scored.,1

Boye got an assist earlier in the game and has been one of Granada's best players. He is given a rest and is replaced by Callejon.,0

Granada are shown their second yellow card of the game. This time Angel is booked for pulling Felix's shirt.,2

Petrovic comes on to replace Villar, who was an important part of Granada's midfield before the break.,0

GOALLL! YAMAL SCORES! BARCELONA GET ONE BACK! 2-1! Felix has the ball in the middle of the box and has a few defenders around him, but finds a way to poke a pass across to Yamal. He is completely free next to the goal and has a simple finish.,1

Kounde goes to the floor again and slams the ground in frustration as he is forced to come off with an injury. Araujo replaces him at centre-back.,0

GOALLL! 2-0 GRANADA! What a goal from the hosts to double their lead! Gumbau curls a pass down the left channel, allowing Zaragoza to race onto the end of it. He cuts the ball past Kounde before firing his strike into the net.,1

GOALLL! 1-0 GRANADA! What a start for the home side, who score inside 30 seconds! Gavi loses possession inside Barcelona's half and Granada break forward quickly. Boyé slides a throughball down the right side of the box to Zaragoza, who strikes his effort across the goal and in.,1

GOALLL!! 1-0 INTER!! DARMIAN!! Inter finally break the deadlock after a brilliant finish from Darmian! Martinez lays the ball off to the defender on the edge of the box and Darmian shoots first-time with his weaker foot across the goal to beat Musso.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BAMFORD HAMMERS HOME FROM 12 YARDS!!! 1-0 LEEDS!! Bamford converts from the penalty spot as he goes high with his left boot, striking his effort into the top-right corner. The perfect start for the home side.,1

GOOOOAL! 1-1! Mata steps up to dispatch the free-kick superbly as he lifts the ball over the ball and beyond the reach of Szczesny. A superbly struck attempt and one that could prove to be priceless in United's Champions League campaign.,1

Double change for United as they attempt to claw their way back into the game, the first of which sees Mata replace Herrera.,0

Strangely, Dybala is also booked for the same incident but does win the free-kick so it appears the referee took an issue with his reaction to the challenge.,2

Manchester United are looking for a response and turn to Rashford, who scored the winner at the weekend against Bournemouth. He takes the place of Lingard.,0

GOOOAL! 1-0 Juventus! Bonucci plays a superb ball from the halfway line over the top of the United defence to Ronaldo, who has burst into space, and he smashes home a first-time effort to net his first Champions League goal since his switch from Real Madrid.,1

Allegri is the first to shuffle his deck in the game, swapping Khedira for Matuidi in the heart of midfield.,0

Rodriguez is booked for his late challenge on Sancho right on the touchline and it causes the Dortmund bench to jump up and there is a little scuffle on the sidelines.,2

GOAL! De Jong pulls one back for Sevilla, it’s 3-2! It is a simple cross into the box by Rodriguez and De Jong sneaks in behind Can and volleys it into the far corner of the net, giving Hitz no chance. Poor defending by Dortmund, but a lifeline for the hosts.,1

Another Dortmund change now and Reus heads off and passes the armband onto Hummels. Brandt is the man coming on.,0

Dortmund with their first substitution of the game and it is Guerreiro who is heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Passlack.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Hummels after he barges into the back of De Jong and gets nowhere near the ball.,2

Another Sevilla substitution now and it is Jordan who is coming off and he has been replaced by Rodríguez.,0

En-Nesyri has had a tough time today, he has barely touched the ball and he is replaced by El Haddadi.,0

Sevilla make a triple substitution and the goalscorer Suso is the first player to come off and he has been replaced by De Jong.,0

Sevilla have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Rakitic the man coming off and he has been replaced by Gudelj.,0

GOAL! Haaland has another and he fires Dortmund 3-1 ahead! Sevilla lose the ball in their own half and Dortmund sprint forward on the counter, Reus races forward and lays it off to Haaland to his left and he slides it into the back of the net. Lovely move and finish.,1

GOAL! Dortmund have turned it around, they lead 2-1 as Haaland fires them ahead! Haaland sprints forward, gets past a few Sevilla players and then plays a quick one-two with Sancho on the edge of the box, who chips it over the Sevilla defence and Haaland gets to the ball ahead of Bounou and pokes it into the back of the net. The striker just wanted it more than the keeper and made sure with the finish.,1

GOAL! What a strike by Dahoud to equalise for Dortmund, it’s 1-1! Haaland does really well down the right wing, gets past a couple of players and then lays it across to Dahoud, who cuts onto his right-foot and then whips it into the top right-hand corner of the net. Terrific goal.,1

GOAL! Sevilla take the lead after just seven minutes, Suso makes it 1-0! Fernando does well down the left and then switches play to Suso on the right, who cuts inside, gets past Sancho and then drills a shot towards goal. It looks like Hitz has it covered, but Hummels try to block it and in doing so, he invertedly sends it into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FODEN FINDS THE NET!!! 1-0 CITY!!! The pressure from the home side pays off as Foden places a strike past Sanchez. De Bruyne works an offload to the England man, who turns away from two Brighton defenders. Foden displays precision accuracy picking out the bottom-left corner with his right foot to put City ahead just before the interval.,1

Rodriguez goes into the book after chopping down Ilicic from behind. He can have no complaints about that one.,2

Despite grabbing a brace, Gattuso has decided to bring off Piatek and replace him with fellow striker Cutrone. He was desperate to stay on but a foot injury appears to have got the better of him.,0

GOAALLLL - Atalanta 1-3 Milan - A bullet header from Piatek puts Milan two up in this Serie A clash. He grabs his second of the night after timing his run to perfection from a corner. When Calhanoglu's cross was played in, he was behind the penalty spot, but the striker gets to the near post and beats Berisha with ease.,1

WHAT A STRIKE!!! Atalanta 1-2 Milan – Calhanoglu sends the away fans wild with a stunning effort from the edge of the box. Atalanta defender Hateboer produced a poor clearance and Calhanoglu reacted quickest so that he could have a shot. He took one touch out of his feet before smashing the ball past Berisha.,1

GOAALLLLLLL! Atalanta 1-1 Milan - Sublime. Simply sublime from Piatek with what looks like the last kick of the first half. Milan looked destined to share the lead at the break, but Rodriguez decided to carry the ball over halfway. Piatek demanded the ball and it came from the left wing and he has somehow managed to volley over his shoulder and into the far corner.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!! Atalanta 1-0 Milan - Gasperini's troops keep the ball for over a minute and pass their way around the park. They eventually get into the box and Illcic cuts the ball back looking for a team-mate. Two or three Atalanta players make their way into the box and it is Freuler that fires towards goal. His right-footed shot is saved by Donnarumma but he does not do enough and it trickles over the line behind him.,1

De Roon becomes the first man to be carded tonight after a lazy tackle in midfield. The former Middlesbrough man was on the floor before bringing down Paqueta.,2

GOALLL!!! 1-0 MILAN!!! DIAZ!! Milan take an early lead as Diaz scores a header from close range! Forster makes a double save, first from Hernandez and then from Diaz, but he cannot stop the third attempt at goal as the midfielder dived forward to give put Milan ahead.,1

THERE’S NO STOPPING LIVERPOOL, WHO GO UP 4-0! A turnover in midfield allows Mane to latch onto it and spark a counter-attack. With three attackers and only two defenders, the Senegal international finds the open man in Alexander-Arnold, who dispatches a low, first-time drive which beats Schmeichel!,1

Maddison is taken off as he won’t be exposed following the booking. Choudhury is his chosen replacement.,0

3-0 TO LIVERPOOL AS THE REDS COME BACK TO THE PREMIER LEAGUE WITH STYLE! Alexander-Arnold fizzes a square ball into the penalty area for Firmino, who has a moment to settle the ball before placing his curling shot into the top corner of the goal!,1

A very frustrated Maddison boots the ball away following the referee’s whistle and is shown a yellow card as a result.,2

MILNER MAKES NO MISTAKE! The substitute steps up and rolls his penalty coolly and calmly to the left, sending Schmeichel the wrong way! 2-0 Liverpool!,1

Vardy gets involved an a counter-attack, driving towards the Liverpool goal, which forces Gomez to come across and defend. The pace of the striker catches the defender flat-footed, forcing Gomez into a challenge which earns him a yellow card.,2

Rodgers knows something needs to change as he makes a switch from the bench, withdrawing Barnes in favour of Albrighton.,0

FIRMINO MAKES IT 1-0 LIVERPOOL! After a partially cleared corner, Alexander-Arnold sweeps a cross back to the far post, where both Firmino and Salah queue up to get a head to it - though it’s the former that squeezes it past the hand of Schmeichel and the frame of the goal!,1

GOOAALLL! Danilo puts Juventus 2-0 up, and they're heading to the Coppa Italia final in style! Juventus launch a right-wing break through Cuadrado, who does brilliantly to trick his way to the byline and keeps his cool against his former club, cutting back for Danilo to stroke home Juve's third goal of the tie!,1

Allegri makes a defensive change now, replacing goalscorer Bernardeschi with the veteran Chiellini as he looks to shut up shop.,0

Juventus have also made a change, introducing the experienced Cuadrado in place of De Sciglio, who has been booked.,0

Martínez goes into the book for a rash challenge on Vlahovic. The Fiorentina man swept the Serb's feet from under him, and Juventus have a chance to deliver a free-kick into the box...,2

Fiorentina are ready to introduce Callejon from the bench, as Italiano attempts to find a route back into the tie. Venuti is the man to be replaced.,0

Fiorentina make their second change of the match, Sottil replacing the lively Saponara to provide fresh legs in midfield.,0

Amrabat is replacing Torreira at the break for Fiorentina, as they look for a route back into this tie.,0

De Sciglio becomes the first man to enter the book for a high boot on Saponara, and the right-back will be suspended for the final if Juventus get there.,2

GOAAAAAAL! It's 1-0 to Juventus in this match, and 2-0 in the tie! Bernardeschi returns to haunt his former club with a Coppa Italia semi-final goal, volleying home brilliantly on his left foot after Dragowski completely misjudged a left-wing cross. It's a terrible error from the Fiorentina goalkeeper, but a superb finish from the Bianconeri winger!,1

Barnes is shown a very late yellow card for a collision with Kolasinac in midfield during a Burnley attack.,2

Ceballos has had a fantastic match, tallying up two assists in 83 minutes. He will be replaced before the end of the game by Torreira.,0

ARSENAL RETAKE THE LEAD THROUGH AUBAMEYANG! Ceballos pokes the ball off Gudmundsson and right into the path of the Gabon international, who picks up possession and charges towards the penalty area, firing it low into the bottom-left corner! The hosts go ahead once again!,1

Burnley make their first change of the match just after the hour as Rodriguez replaces Wood in attack.,0

BURNLEY HAVE RESTORED PARITY BEFORE THE INTERVAL! 1-1! McNeil has a strike at goal which is blocked in the penalty area by Guendouzi. The ricochet falls extremely fortunately to an unmarked Barnes, who easily taps it past the splayed Leno!,1

Aubameyang is booked for blocking a Burnley free-kick, as he was not 10 yards away. It’s a silly booking for the Gabon international, who will have to be cautious in the remaining 50 minutes.,2

LACAZETTE PUTS ARSENAL AHEAD 1-0! Ceballos’ corner is controlled extremely well by the French striker who fends off both Mee and Pieters before turning and firing an off-balance shot towards Pope which squeaks through between the goalkeeper's legs!,1

LOFTUS-CHEEK BRINGS IT UP TO FOUR! 4-0! A hat-trick in midweek and now a goal here, the England international wrestles a shot in at close-range after Burnley couldn't stop David Luiz in a crowded box. A pair of deflections take it to the youngster - and a slight deflection off some desperate Clarets defence helps it in behind Hart. ,1

The Clarets now bring on Barnes to replace Hendrick; Sean Dyche must know that he needs a miracle to claim a point now though.,0

That quick double has destroyed Burnley's composure. Gudmundsson is shown a yellow now following a messy challenge on Alonso.,2

WILLIAN MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! Chelsea are running rampant and the Brazil international becomes the latest man to get on the scoresheet as he cuts in off the left wing, nips around two defenders and curls a low effort beyond Hart in at the far-right corner.,1

Loftus-Cheek embarks on a swift break for the Blues, looking to pile more misery on the hosts; Brady has a nibble at his ankles to cut him down though and picks up a booking in the process.,2

The Clarets need to find an immediate response if they are to rescue anything and Wood is now brought on by Sean Dyche to replace Vokes up front.,0

BARKLEY DOUBLES CHELSEA'S LEAD! 2-0! It's a magnificent finish from the midfielder who runs on the angle from right to left past three defenders before turning a low thunderbolt of a shot into the bottom-right corner past Hart's outstretched gloves. It's a long way back for Burnley now.,1

Rudiger is crashed into by Hendrick and the latter is booked for his rather dubious attempt to win the ball.,2

Willian goes looking for a penalty as he goes down in the Burnley box now on the back of another swift move - and the referee books him for diving instead. Two added minutes to come in this opening half.,2

Tarkowski is also shown a yellow for his part in the drama. Burnley clear the corner and break down the other end quickly; Cork can't get a shot away in a crowded box though as he trips over his own feet.,2

It's all got a little testy at Turf Moor. Another wonderful Chelsea move puts Morata into the box but Tarkowski stops him with a fantastic slide tackle. There's afters however when the Blues striker squares up to his opponent and promptly throws himself to the ground looking for a penalty. Referee Craig Pawson duly books him and awards a corner.,2

MORATA GIVES CHELSEA THE LEAD! 1-0! It's a sublime pass from Kante and a wonderful one-touch tap-on from Barkley to put the Spaniard in the box and he duly drills it low beyond Hart as the keeper races out to cut him off.,1

The visitors make another substitution, Juanmi coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Ramirez.,0

Here is the Barcelona substitution, with Dembele going off to a standing ovation and he has been replaced by Coutinho.,0

GOOOAALLL! Barca are back in the lead, it's 2-1! It took just two minutes for Barcelona to respond, with Alba dribbling past two players, he uses Dembele as a dummy runner and then places the ball into the bottom corner.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Sociedad have equalised, it's 1-1! It comes from a corner which they take short, it goes all the way back out to Merino, who looks up and spots Juanmi making the run in-behind the Barca defence, he just manages to get to the ball ahead of Ter Stegen and flick it into the back of the net.,1

Barcelona now make their first change of the game, with Arthur coming off and he has been replaced by Busquets.,0

Sociedad have been forced into making an early substitution, with Zubeldia limping off with an injury, so he has been replaced by Sangalli.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Barcelona lead 1-0! It comes straight from the corner, with Lenglet finding space at the near post and glancing the ball on and into the far corner of the net. Rulli had no chance of saving that.,1

Merino is shown the first yellow card of the game, after a late crunching tackle on Messi. The Barca skipper had already released the ball when the tackle came in, with Merino getting his timing all wrong.,2

GOALLL! KUBO WINS IT! 2-1. The visitors hit Atletico on the break as Angel spots Kubo's run, before sending the attacker clean through on goal! Kubo speeds 40 yards down the pitch and approaches Oblak, before rolling a composed finish beyond the goalkeeper from eight yards!,1

GOAL! RUSSO EQUALISES! 1-1. Kang-In sends in a dangerous free-kick and Russo climbs over Hermoso to steer a precise header beyond Oblak and into the bottom corner from 10 yards!,1

Felipe trips Rodriguez and is shown a yellow card. This is a promising position for a free-kick for the visitors.,2

Mallorca make a triple substitution to try and get back into this. Prats makes way for Angel up top in the first change.,0

CUNHA! 1-0. Atletico finally have the opener! Llorente threads a pass through to Correa who skips to the byline. The attacker chips in a dangerous cross and Cunha gets there just before Reina! He hits it into the goalkeeper, but manages to poke the follow-up over the line from his back! It was close, but the goal-line alert came through and a goal is awarded. ,1

Two changes for the hosts as they look to find some inspiration. The first sees De Paul make way for Joao Felix.,0

TORRES SCORES! And that should do it for Barca! Ter Stegen sends it long upfield and Lewandowski flicks it on in the centre circle. Cadiz are all over the place at the back as Torres has a free run straight down the middle and he keeps his cool to slot it past Ledesma into the bottom-right corner. 2-0 Barca!,1

Cadiz are also taking the opportunity to make some changes. Roger is the first to go off, with Mari replacing him.,0

PEDRI SCORES! Barcelona finally get the breakthrough! It's been coming for the hosts, and it's Pedri that starts the move on the edge of the box. He knocks it to Gundogan, who cuts open Cadiz's defence with his throughball. Pedri rushes onto it, sliding in to send it past Ledesma, who was rushing off his line to close down the angle. 1-0 Barca!,1

Pedri is the latest Barcelona player to go into the book for dissent after complaining that Alcaraz wasn't booked for a foul on Fati.,2

Cadiz are making a double change here. They're taking no chances with San Emeterio as he's taken off for Sobrino.,0

Gavi isn't happy that the referee blew for half-time when he did, and his protests see him booked for dissent.,2

It's a lovely bit of footwork from Gavi to leave San Emeterio behind, and the midfielder's frustration is clear as he yanks him back. He goes into the referee's book.,2

Ter Stegen goes across to get involved in the protests after De Jong's booking and gets one himself for dissent.,2

De Jong takes a heavy touch an then lunges in on Alcaraz to try and make up for it. He's protesting his innocence, but it won't stop him from being shown a yellow card.,2

Balde knocks the ball past Alejo, who just steps across to block the wing-back's run. He's the first to go into the referee's book.,2

Badji comes on for Faivre, who - unfortunately for Brest - could not do enough to influence the match. ,0

Pereira sends Mounie spinning to the ground with a push to the shoulder - prompting the referee to show the PSG substitute a yellow card. ,2

Chardonnet bowls Mbappe over clumsily on the left corner of the penalty area and earns himself a yellow card. ,2

Magnetti's drive towards the PSG penalty area is halted abruptly by a sliding challenge from Verratti, who catches the Brest midfielder from behind. It's a yellow card for the Italy international two minutes before the hour. ,2

PSG DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Marquinhos sprays a pass out to the left wing for Mendes, who uses sensational skill to beat Pierre-Gabriel near the byline. After putting it through the right-back’s legs, the ball is squared into the 18-yard box for Kehrer, who finishes with a powerful first-time effort!,1

Wijnaldum's injury at the end of the first half will keep him out of the rest of the match as Pereira is introduced as his replacement. ,0

Wijnaldum looks to drive through midfield with possession of the ball but Agoume has other ideas - grabbing the PSG player with two hands and bringing him down to the pitch. It's a yellow card for Agoume as we enter injury time. ,2

A bit of a melee breaks out after the foul as Magnetti and Mbappe exchange words. The Brest midfielder is shown a yellow card as well.,2

Mbappe is shown a yellow card for a foul on Magnetti, closing him down from behind and catching the midfielder on the leg.,2

PSG OPEN THE SCORING! 1-0! Wijnaldum drives into space on the edge of the 18-yard box before laying it off for Mbappe, who takes a touch to work a bit of space ahead of the defender before curling an effort that goes through the legs of Chardonnet before nestling in the near corner.,1

Herrera’s mistimed sliding challenge on Le Douaron gets him in trouble with the referee as he’s shown the first yellow card of the match.,2

Coudet is trying to run the clock down even more as he makes his third change of the game. Beltran is going off, with Sotelo on for him.,0

CELTA LEAD! It's another quick counter from the visitors and Solari's cross from the right catches out Ter Stegen as it swings towards goal, but it rebounds off the inside of the far post. Ronald Araujo doesn't react quick enough in the middle and Mina reaches it first to fire the rebound into the roof of the net. 2-1 Celta! ,1

Final roll of the dice for Barca now and it's Moriba that's making way, with Pjanic on to replace him.,0

BARCA DOWN TO 10! It was clumsy from Lenglet as he crashed into the back of Mina, getting nowhere near the ball, and both players have stayed down. Lenglet is holding his shin trying to put off the inevitable and the referee waits for him to get back to his feet before showing him his second yellow and sending him off.,3

Second change for Celta now and it looks like Aspas has a problem as he gingerly makes his way off the field, with Baeza on for him.,0

Lenglet is booked after he goes through the back of Aspas to win the ball back and brings the forward down.,2

Puig slides in on Mina to try and win the ball back, but it's a late challenge that earns him a booking.,2

Dominguez just clips the back of Dembele's heels to stop his run and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2

CELTA ARE LEVEL! It's their first shot on goal in the match and Mina has scored! Pique tries to make the block as Mina sets himself but goes the wrong way and the forward pulls it back towards the near post, wrongfooting Ter Stegen, and drilling it into the bottom corner. 1-1! ,1

MESSI SCORES! It's a wonderful pass from Busquets to pick out Messi's run between the two defenders. Villar starts to come off his line, but hesitates and Messi nods his header back across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Barca!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CALVERT-LEWIN GETS THE CRUCIAL THIRD FOR EVERTON!!!! 3-1!!! Chelsea give the game away with a number of errors to allow Calvert-Lewin to strike. Kepa hands possession straight to Walcott, who releases his team-mate in the box. Calvert-Lewin backheels towards Davies to keep the attack alive, but Kante makes a good challenge. The Blues try to scramble the loose ball away from danger, but the forward is persistent and blocks Azpilicueta's clearance. He prods it towards goal through the legs of Kepa and into the back of the net. Goodison Park erupts.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KOVACIC GETS CHELSEA BACK INTO THE GAME!!! 2-1!!!! Pulisic makes a driving run down the left flank, but his cross evades Abraham and Willian in the box. Digne clears as far as the midfielder 20 yards from goal and he connects with a sharp volley on his left foot. It travels towards the bottom-left corner past Abraham - who is onside - and it beats the dive of Pickford to find the net. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CALVERT-LEWIN CONVERTS!!!! 2-0!!!! Everton double their advantage as Calvert-Lewin dispatches a low strike past Kepa. Christensen gets himself in a tangle failing to clear a cross into the box. Zouma cannot help his team-mate losing out to the Everton forward in a 50/50 battle. Calvert-Lewin takes one touch to take it away from the defender before slottiing his effort low into the net. Ferguson bounds down the sideline in joy.,1

Richarlison wins the ball in his challenge with Kovacic, but goes through the midfielder from behind. He goes into the book for the tackle.,2

Digne puts his arms around the body of Willian to stop his forward run and he rightfully is booked by the referee.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! RICHARLISON HEADS EVERTON IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!!! The Toffees take the lead as Richarlison converts from close range. Chelsea are cut open at the back down the right flank and Sidibe takes advantage by lifting a cross into the middle. Richarlison attacks the delivery to get there ahead of Christensen, nodding his effort away from Kepa into the back of the net. The perfect start for Ferguson in the dugout.,1

Willock slides in to win the ball late and tries to pull out, but Sidibe goes down and the Arsenal midfielder is booked.,2

Chambers slides in late on Holgate and picks up a yellow card, giving away a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Tosun, who was brought on as an early substitute in the first half, is replaced by Kean up front and goes straight down the tunnel. The striker does not look happy.,0

Sigurdsson now goes into the book for a clumsy foul on Saka as the teenager looked to burst past him with pace.,2

Central midfielder Delph goes off for an extra centre-half in Keane, pushing Holgate forward to play alongside Davies.,0

Smith Rowe goes off for fellow academy graduate Willock as the most advanced midfielder in Ljungberg's first change.,0

Saka picks up the first yellow card of the day for dissent after a free-kick is awarded Everton's way following a foul from Xhaka.,2

Iwobi, having gone down holding his hamstring, is forced off and will be replaced by Tosun, who goes up front alongside Calvert-Lewin, meaning Richarlison goes out wide. ,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TONEY GETS ONE BACK FOR THE BEES!!!!! 3-1!!!! The home side have at least something to show for their efforts as Toney bundles home a close-range strike. Sorensen sends a throw-in long into the box that Pinnock heads on. The ball pinballs around the box and is eventually steered towards Toney by Norgaard after being cleared off the line. The forward makes no mistake dispatching his effort into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! RASHFORD SURELY SECURES THE THREE POINTS!!!!!! 3-0 UNITED!!!!!! Rashford ends his drought in front of goal with a clinical finish into the top-right corner. United cut through the Brentford backline with ease as Fernandes spots the run of Rashford in the right-inside channel. Sorensen tries to get over late, but the forward buries a first-time strike past Lossl. Rashford needed that goal.,1

Ronaldo is withdrawn from the action and does not look overly pleased with the decision. Maguire returns to the fold after a rib injury to replace the Portuguese.,0

Greenwood makes way after finding the net for the Red Devils. It was not his best outing, but he got a valuable goal for the visitors. Rashford replaces the forward.,0

Jensen could have scored at least two goals today for the Bees and will regret his missed chances. Wissa replaces the midfielder.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! GREENWOOD CONVERTS ON A BREAK!!!!!! 2-0 UNITED!!!!! The visitors double their lead with a clinical counter, allowing Greenwood to tap home a cutback from Fernandes. The Portuguese latches on to a knockdown from Ronaldo and surges away from Norgaard. He lays the ball on a plate for Greenwood to send into an empty net after Lossl is forced to commit himself in the box.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ELANGA HEADS UNITED IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!!!!!! The visitors take the lead as Elanga controls a throughball from Fred before nodding his second touch past Lossl. Fred is afforded space and time on the edge of the Brentford box and he floats a fine ball over the top for the run of Elanga. He takes a touch away from Rasmussen and wrong-foots Lossl. Elanga holds his composure to plant his effort into the back of the net to notch his first Premier League goal of the season.,1

WHAT A GOAL!! 3-1 ROMA!! ZANIOLO!! Zaniolo secures the win for Roma with a brilliant goal! The winger dribbles past three defenders before poking the ball through the legs of Padt. Game over!,1

GOALLL!! ROMA 2-1!! PELLEGRINI! Pellegrini sends Padt the wrong way again from the penalty spot to give Roma the lead!,1

GOALL!!! 1-1!! PELLEGRINI! Roma equalise from the penalty spot as Pellegrini sends Padt the wrong way!,1

GOALL!!! 1-0 LUDOGORETS! RICK! Ludogorets break the deadlock with a brilliant finish from Rick! The Brazil international bursts forward on the counter-attack and fires a powerful shot past Patricio from outside of the box!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! RODRYGO HAS A HAT-TRICK!!!!! 6-0!!!! The Brazilian gets the match ball as he finishes what he started in the early stages of the contest. He runs at the Galatasaray defence before playing a neat one-two with Benzema. He still has work to do, but he slides a low strike into the left-bottom corner to notch his third effort of the evening. What a performance from the teenager.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BENZEMA NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 5-0!!! Madrid have five goals this evening as Benzema taps home Carvajal's ball across the face of goal with ease. The home side cut open Galatasaray down the right flank as Isco finds the run of Carvajal. The full-back cuts his cross back towards the Frenchman, who dispatches the chance into the back of the net. Icing on the cake from Zidane's men.,1

Hazard is withdrawn for the home side as Isco comes on to the pitch. An interesting change as Hazard searches for his peak form.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BENZEMA SCORES THE FOURTH!!!! 4-0!!! Benzema and Madrid capitaise following a terrible mistake by Nagatomo at the back. The full-back plays an offload straight to Rodrygo on the edge of the box. He bursts into the right inside channel and sends a low cross into the middle. Benzema latches on to the delivery and guides a low strike into the net from close range. All too easy for the home side.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RAMOS CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!! 3-0!!!! The Madrid skipper takes the penalty and he finishes in style with a cheeky panenka kick over the dive of Muslera into the roof of the net. The home side are in complete control.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RODRYGO AT THE DOUBLE!!! 2-0!!! The teenager notches his second of the game with a header from close range. Marcelo is again the architect as he raids down the left before cutting back to deliver a cross in on his right foot. It's precise for the unmarked Rodrygo in the middle and he guides his header away from Muslera into the right corner of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RODRYGO PUTS MADRID AHEAD!!! 1-0!!!! The forward holds his composure in the box and expertly places a left-footed strike into the left-bottom corner. Marcelo raids down the left flank and digs out a cross into the middle. It travels all the way through to the teenager unmarked in the right inside channel. He controls it with his chest and takes a touch with his right foot before firing a shot past Muslera.,1

GOAL! Correa grabs another late on and makes it 3-1! Inter have surely wrapped up the three points now! The Verona defence kept backing off and the striker found the space on the edge of the box and then drilled the ball into the bottom right corner of the net, his second of the game.,1

Inter make a few more changes, with Calhanoglu one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Vecino.,0

GOAL! Correa fires Inter ahead, it’s 2-1! Darmian does brilliantly down the right wing to keep the ball in play and then deliver a superb cross into the box, which is met by the head of Correa and he fires it into the top right corner of the net. Montipo just couldn't get close enough to it.,1

Triple Verona substitution now, with Hongla one of those departing the field and he has been replaced by Tameze.,0

Martinez has played well on his return to the Inter side, but he is replaced here by Correa for his debut.,0

There are a few challenges flying in at the moment and Brozovic is the latest player to be booked. The midfielder is unable to latch onto the end of a throw out from Handanovic and catches Casale late near the halfway line.,2

Martinez is booked after he slides in and catches Ilic late on the halfway line, getting nowhere near the ball.,2

Verona make their first substitution of the game, with Ceccherini the man coming off and he has been replaced by Casale.,0

GOAL! Inter equalise just after the break, it’s 1-0! Martinez heads them level from just a few yards out. Perisic delivers a long throw-in into the penalty area, which is flicked on at the near post by Dzeko and then Martinez pounces from close range to head the ball into the back of the net. Great reactions by the striker.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Magnani, after he dives into the back of Dzeko and sends the striker flying. Poor challenge.,2

GOAL! Verona take the lead against the run of play, it’s 1-0! Handanovic plays a really poor pass out from the back looking for Brozovic and Ilic was lurking nearby and he pinches it off the midfielder, before racing into the box and only having the keeper to beat. He kept his composure and chipped it over Handanovic and into the back of the net.,1

Lozano is yellow-carded for a late challenge on Agudelo, one that relieves some of the pressure Spezia had been under in the last couple of minutes.,2

Ampadu goes in the book for bringing down Kvaratskhelia, while Napoli will have a free-kick in a threatening crossing position.,2

GOAL!!! BRIGHTON HAVE SURELY WON IT AT THE DEATH!! Connolly gets to the ball ahead of Holding to flick on for Maupay, who races past Mustafi and dinks over the onrushing Martinez and in from a tight angle! It's 2-1 to Brighton!,1

Bissouma goes down with what appears to be cramp, and is replaced by Mac Allister for the closing seconds of the game.,0

And finally, Ceballos goes off for Willock in the centre of midfield as the last of the fresh legs enters the fray.,0

Arteta, meanwhile, makes a triple substitution, but Ozil and Martinelli are not among those coming on. Saka goes off for Tierney in the first change.,0

Potter brings Trossard off for Stephens as he looks to shore up his midfield and hold a valuable point until full-time.,0

Nketiah comes on now for Lacazette up front as Arteta turns to fresh legs in an attempt to retake the lead.,0

GOAL!! BRIGHTON ARE LEVEL! It's a scrappy one, but the hosts won't care! March gets down the left and crosses towards Maupay at the near post. He produces a backheeled flick at goal that Holding just about blocks on the line, but he can only clear into the outstretched foot of Dunk and it ricochets in for the equaliser! It's 1-1!,1

Potter makes a double-change in response to going behind, with Schelotto going off for Montoya at right-back the first alteration.,0

GOAL!!! WHAT A STRIKE FROM PEPE!!! Saka finds the winger on the right and he faces up to his marker just inside the box. He cuts inside and curls a beautiful, dipping strike that flies into the top corner, leaving Ryan with no chance! It's 1-0 to Arsenal!,1

Lacazette slides in on Ryan after the Australian takes a heavy touch, but the Frenchman is late and goes into the book.,2

Mooy is the second recipient of a booking, catching Ceballos' ankle with a clumsy swing for the ball.,2

That change is now made, with Leno carried off and his right leg strapped up. He has some choice words for Maupay as he goes off. Martinez comes on to replace the German between the sticks.,0

Burn earns the first yellow card of the game as he goes in late on Pepe, going to ground and scything the winger down from behind. ,2

A double change for Dortmund. The first substitution sees Schmelzer come on for Guerreiro, who opened the scoring in the first half.,0

Balerdi, meanwhile, has replaced Delaney, who has been typically impressive in midfield for Dortmund today.,0

RED CARD! It gets worse for Wolfsburg! Klaus’ tackle did not seem to be intentional, with his eyes having been on the ball. The referee, however, has decided it was worthy of a sending off, and the substitute is gone.,3

GOAL! DORTMUND MAKE IT 2-0! That could well be game over now, as Sancho drives forward from deep and, unchallenged, lays it off to Hakimi, who keeps his cool to slot home into the bottom-left corner.,1

That’s a booking for Hazard, who took no chances and dived in on Mbabu to prevent Wolfsburg countering down the right flank.,2

Sancho is involved straight away, nipping away from Brooks and drawing a foul, which sees the Wolfsburg defender go into the book.,2

Another change for Dortmund. Brandt’s race is run, with Sancho now coming on to offer some real pace to the visitors’ attack.,0

Roussillon sustained a knock earlier on and has not really offered much since. He has now been replaced by Klaus, in the first of two Wolfsburg changes.,0

Ginczek got the winner against Augsburg yet has failed to impress today, and now he has made way for Brekalo.,0

There has been one change at half-time. Hummels has gone off for Dortmund, with Can coming on to replace him.,0

GOOOOAALLL!!! Dortmund hit the front, it’s 1-0! Finally, the visitors manage to get in behind Wolfsburg’s defence – Brandt releasing Hakimi, who in turn feeds Hazard. His cross is missed, rather comically, by Haaland, but Guerreiro is well placed to tuck home.,1

GOOOAAALLLL!!!!!! 1-1. CADIZ ARE LEVEL THROUGH FERNANDEZ!!! The visitors haven’t looked threatening all afternoon, but Fernandez converts the penalty to draw the away side level. He slots his strike into the bottom left corner as Ter-Stegen dives the other way. Unbelievable.,1

Another change for Cadiz as Sanchez departs the field. The midfielder has looked Cadiz’ best player this afternoon but an injury means Alejo takes his place.,0

A triple change for the away side as they go in search of an equaliser. The first sees Serrano replace Garrido.,0

GOOOAAALLL!! 1-0 TO BARCA. MESSI!!!! Well, that’s as cool as you like from the Barcelona forward. Messi casually walks up to the spot and passes the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the Cadiz goal.,1

With the result seemingly out of reach, Spalletti makes a change in defence to give Kim a bit of rest. Jesus enters the fray.,0

In come the substitutes for Milan, with Pioli looking to rest some of his starters. The first is in attack, with Origi replacing Leao.,0

IT GETS BETTER FOR THE VISITORS! 4-0! INCREDIBLE! Saelemaekers picks up possession of the ball in a central area just over 20 yards from goal and proceeds to slalom through four Napoli defenders, using a clever skill to get past Kim before dispatching a shot that gets through the legs of Meret!,1

Krunic barges Politano over with his shoulder, sending the Napoli winger to the ground holding his face. It’s a yellow card for the Milan midfielder.,2

LEAO CONTINUES TO TORMENT THE NAPOLI DEFENCE! 3-0! SENSATIONAL! It’s a brilliant goal from the Milan winger, who latches onto Tonali’s leading pass on the left wing following a turnover in possession in midfield. The Portugal international twists and turns to get the better of three Napoli defenders before lashing a strike that leaves Meret no chance!,1

Rui is brought down just outside the penalty area by Diaz, who wins the ball cleanly according to the referee. The goal scorer then turns around and bursts away from his own penalty area, where he’s halted by a heavy Lobotka tackle. It’s a yellow card for the Napoli midfielder - the second booking of the match.,2

Giroud's ungainly sliding challenge takes down Politano and earns the striker a yellow card - in his first match back from suspension.,2

MILAN DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Leao plays a one-two with Giroud on the edge of the area, before playing Bennacer into space down the left wing. The Algeria international puts a good cross into the area for Diaz, who brings it down and fakes a shot to get past a sliding Rui before depositing his shot in the back of the goal!,1

LEAO GETS BACK ON THE SCORE SHEET! 1-0! Diaz shows a nifty bit of trickery to get past two defenders on the right wing before playing a perfectly weighted pass into the channel for Leao. The winger takes a first touch to draw Meret off his line before executing a fantastic chip to beat the goalkeeper!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! INSIGNE FINDS THE NET!! NAPOLI HAVE A LATE GOAL!!! 1-0!!! Mertens releases Callejon into the right inside channel and he beats Robertson down the flank for pace. He fires a brilliant low ball across the face of goal. Insigne gets the other side of Gomez, meeting the delivery on the slide to find the bottom corner. A huge goal in Group C.,1

Koulibaly makes a charge down the left flank and he gets past Alexander-Arnold. Van Dijk comes across to make the challenge, and is clipped on his ankles by the Napoli defender. It results in a booking for the Senegalese.,2

Barella appears to be struggling with a hamstring injury. The midfielder is replaced by Vidal in the middle of the park.,0

Kalulu enters the action for Ballo-Toure at the break. Pioli withdraws the full-back after his yellow card.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CALHANOGLU FIRES INTER AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Turk holds his composure from 12 yards, drilling his effort down the middle of the goal. Tatarusanu dives to his left and can only watch as the ball hits the back of the net.,1

Gallagher's frustration gets the better of him as he clips White with a late tackle. He picks up a yellow card.,2

Arsenal are making another double change now. Gabriel went down again and this time did receive treatment on his foot. They're taking no chances as he's replaced by Holding.,0

Kovacic slides in on Jesus, and goes through the player as he gets the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

There's a double change for Chelsea here as they look to pull another goal back. Fernandez is the first to go off, with Mudryk replacing him.,0

MADUEKE PULLS ONE BACK! He's been Chelsea's best player today, and he's pulled one back for the Blues! Kovacic isn't closed down in midfield and he spreads it out to Madueke on the right. Zinchenko doesn't pick up his run. and the youngster takes the shot quickly, lifting it over Ramsdale as he clatters into Gabriel. 3-1!,1

Chelsea are making a change at the break. Aubameyang, who struggled to have an impact against his former club, goes off for Havertz.,0

JESUS SCORES! Things get worse for Chelsea! The visitors half-clear their lines from an earlier Arsenal attack, but it's worked back into the box through White's deep cross. Gabriel's shot is blocked as is Xhaka's next to him, but Fofana can't get it away and Jesus is there to fire in the rebound. 3-0 Arsenal!,1

ODEGAARD SCORES AGAIN! It comes down Chelsea's left again, with Trossard at the heart of it as he opens up the space for Xhaka. The midfielder once again gets his head up to square a low cross into the middle and Odegaard helps it into the far side of the net with his first touch. 2-0 Arsenal!,1

ODEGAARD SCORES! It's been coming from Arsenal! It's well worked down Arsenal's left again, but this time, it's Xhaka with the final cross. He picks out the unmarked Odegaard on the edge of the box, and he hits it first time, firing it just out of Kepa's reach and in off the underside of the bar. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

Quagliarella leaves the pitch at the end of what could be his last game for Sampdoria. Ivanovic replaces the 40-year-old.,0

GOAL! NAPOLI 2-0 SAMPDORIA! Napoli's final-day win is surely secure now! Simeone picks up a pass from Raspadori outside the box and spanks the ball into the top-right corner. It's a wonderful strike that Turk can do nothing about.,1

Osimhen leaves the pitch to a standing ovation from the Napoli fans. Simeone takes his place up front.,0

GOAL! NAPOLI 1-0 SAMPDORIA! Osimhen makes no mistake from the penalty spot, slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner. Turk has no chance of reaching it.,1

Murru's booked for his poor challenge on Osimhen. The defender protests, but it was a clumsy tackle to bring down the Nigerian.,2

Sampdoria make a half-time substitution. Their 19-year-old attacking midfielder Malagrida replaces Gunter.,0

Foden comes off to a standing ovation with his two goals seemingly enough to guarantee Manchester City the title, while Kovacic is sent on in relief as we enter additional time.,0

Earthy comes on for just his second Premier League appearance, eight days after coming on to score his first senior goal for West Ham. Antonio is given an early rest as his season comes to an end.,0

Alvarez picks up a yellow card just four minutes after coming on, catching Silva on the ankle with a sliding challenge.,2

Moyes uses the stoppage in play to make a substitution of his own, with Alvarez sent into the fray for Emerson.,0

RODRI GETS HIS GOAL! 3-1 MANCHESTER CITY! No stranger to a big goal in a big game, Rodri gives his side some breathing room just ahead of the hour, sending his low, first-time effort from outside the penalty area through the crowd of bodies and past Areola after Silva’s intelligent layoff!,1

ABSOLUTELY SENSATIONAL FROM KUDUS! INCREDIBLE! 2-1! It’s a goal of the highest quality from Kudus, who halves the deficit out of nowhere! Ward-Prowse’s inswinging corner-kick is not dealt with by Gvardiol, allowing Kudus to flick the ball up to himself before dispatching an overhead kick past Ortega!,1

FODEN DOUBLES HIS TALLY! 2-0 MANCHESTER CITY! Gvardiol shows impressive footwork to get past two midfielders in West Ham’s half, before rolling the ball forward for Haaland. The striker meets it with a sweeping first-time pass down the left flank for Doku, who immediately plays a square pass to the penalty spot. Despite three defenders in the area, Foden manages to get to it first, sending his first-time shot past Areola!,1

JUST THE START THEY NEEDED! 1-0 MANCHESTER CITY! Mavropanos fails to clear his lines appropriately, with Haaland able to nip in and get a touch to the ball to poke it to De Bruyne. Silva continues the move on the right and finds Foden on the edge of the penalty area, with the England international curling an inch-perfect effort past the outstretched glove of Areola!,1

Silva takes his frustration out on Llorente, and is booked for an ill-timed challenge on the Atleti full-back.,2

ATLETI LEAD! Snapping up their first opportunity in an age, Hermoso athletically turns the ball home with a volleyed finish at the second attempt, following a header by fellow substitute Felix. Against the odds, could the champions have snatched it? Atletico go 4-3 up!,1

Getafe make two further changes: first, Rodriguez makes way for on-loan midfielder Villar, who makes his debut.,0

Getafe respond with an attacking substitution, as centre-back Mitrovic is replaced by Mata heading into the final minutes.,0

There will also be a switch of personnel in midfield, as Kondogbia takes a rest and De Paul is thrown on.,0

Reacting to Felipe's dismissal, Simeone hauls off Suarez and Hermoso is brought into the Atleti defence.,0

ATLETI DOWN TO 10 MEN! Charging into midfield from his centre-back position, Felipe lifts his boot recklessly in a challenge with Arambarri and connects with his opponent's shoulder. With no hesitation from the referee, he is sent straight off, and the champions are a man down with more than 30 minutes left to play!,3

Ending his hopes of a hat-trick, Unal makes way for Getafe debutant Yokuslu, who will bolster the visitors' midfield.,0

3-3! A stupendous half of football continues to surprise, as in the fourth of seven stoppage-time minutes, Lemar crosses from the left and though it evades Suarez in the six-yard box, Correa sprints in from the right to turn the ball home from close range! We are level once again!,1

For the second time today, Suarez strikes Cuenca's head with his arm. On this occasion it was the striker's elbow, which earns him a booking. At this rate, the referee's pen might run out of ink before half-time!,2

GETAFE IN FRONT! Completing an incredible 12-minute comeback, Unal fires in a carbon copy of his superb spot-kick of just a few minutes ago, and Getafe are in front at the Metropolitano! What a first half!,1

GETAFE PULL LEVEL! Striding confidently up to the spot, Unal places an excellent penalty kick past Oblak into the right side of the net, hauling the visitors back onto level terms. With half-time soon approaching, it is now 2-2!,1

GETAFE BACK IN IT! The visitors strike back almost straight away, as Mayoral reacts quickest to Jankto's mishit shot across the face of goal, leaving Oblak stranded and the ball in the back of the net! The Real Madrid striker cuts Atletico's lead to just one!,1

CUNHA GETS THE SECOND! Excellent work by Llorente on the right side of the area sees him produce a dangerous ball across the area, and via Lemar's attempt at diverting the ball, Cunha turns the ball home from close range. Atleti lead 2-0!,1

After complaining vociferously about a potential foul in the build-up to Correa's goal, Maksimovic is booked.,2

ATLETI LEAD! Suarez keeps a deep cross from the right alive on the left side of the box, and his header finally falls to Correa, who fires home from close range to open the scoring! The hosts lead 1-0 - that's Correa's ninth goal of the season.,1

The referee strides over to the touchline and shows Getafe substitute Lecomte a yellow card for dissent.,2

A driving run by Mayoral is ended by a trip from the struggling Savic, who receives the first yellow card of the match.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! COUTINHO CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 4-0!!!! Coutinho has the easiest of finishes from two yards to tap the ball into an empty net. Lewandowski is the architect as he surges down the left flank and flicks a cross towards the near post. Muller tries to guide it towards goal, but fails to make contact. It works out for the visitors as Coutinho is there behind him to slot it home.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GNABRY SCORES THIS TIME!!!!! 3-0!!!!! Gnabry is on the spot from six yards to fire home an opening from close range after another Bayern attack cuts open the Dusseldorf backline. Pavard places a low cross into the middle that deflects off Adams. Muller collects with his back to goal and passes to Gnabry. The winger is left with a simple finish to find the bottom-corner. Clinical from the visitors.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TOLISSO HAMMERS HOME!!!! 2-0!!!! Bayern double their lead as Tolisso steers a cross from Gnabry into the top-right corner. Steffen makes a huge mistake at the back placing his pass straight to Muller. The forward feeds Gnabry on the right flank and he places a low delivery into the box. Tolisso arrives late and converts the opening, guiding his strike past Steffen.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! PAVARD PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!! 1-0!! The visitors' pressure pays off as Kimmich's low cross travels through a crowd of bodies into the bottom corner with a touch from Pavard. Muller catches out the Dusseldorf defence with a quick corner to Kimmich and the German fires a low cross from the right flank towards the Frenchman. The full-back makes just enough contact to guide the ball towards the bottom-left corner past Steffen.,1

Suso is coming off to be replaced by Castillejo. The Spaniard has been top drawer today and has registered three assists to his name.,0

Rodriguez makes way for Laxalt as Milan look to see this game out. Three minutes plus added time to go.,0

GOAL! Pellissier pulls one back for Chievo! The forward is able to run onto a loose ball just outside of the Milan penalty area and fire into the bottom left corner. Donnarumma stood no chance. 3-1.,1

GOAL! Bonaventura makes it 3-0 to Milan. It’s beautiful work from Bonaventura who skips past his man with some body feints before dropping his shoulder and driving to the left where he fires a left-footed strike from outside the box into the bottom right corner of the net.,1

GOAL! Higuain nets his and Milan’s second of the afternoon. Suso is completely free in the centre of the pitch just outside the penalty area. The Chievo defence split and Suso slides through the simplest of passes to Higuain who is able to apply the finish. 2-0.,1

GOAL! It’s that man again for Milan! Higuain is an expert from that range inside the box. Suso’s delivery from the right is perfect for Higuain to steer home into the bottom right corner after creating a yard of space for himself in the box.,1

Lewandowski makes way for Raphinha as Xavi looks to eat up some valuable seconds. The Brazilian is back from suspension after being sent off on matchday one.,0

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAL! LEWANDOWSKI CONVERTS! 2-1! Lewandowski sends Fernandez the wrong way, rolling his spot-kick into the bottom-right corner. Osasuna now have a mountain to climb, they are a goal down and a man down!,1

THE PENALTY STANDS, AND CATENA IS OFF! The referee watches the incident back after showing Catena a yellow card. He upgrades it to a red card, deeming the defender to have denied a clear goalscoring opportunity. There was also a question as to whether Lewandowski handled the ball in the build-up, but the spot-kick stands.,3

De Jong is booked as players from both sides remonstrate with the referee. Lewandowski now has the chance to restore Barca's lead...,2

GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAL! CHIMY AVILA LEVELS WITH A BRILLIANT STRIKE! Barcelona are stunned as Areso gets forward from right-back to find Chimy Avila on the edge of the area. Having missed from a similar spot just a couple of minutes ago, the Argentine makes no mistake, shifting the ball to his left foot before crashing a shot in off Ter Stegen's right-hand post! 1-1!,1

Osasuna change their entire front three, with Chimy Avila on for Arnaiz, who has been a thorn in Barcelona's side all game.,0

Here come those Barca changes. Cancelo replaces Roberto for his Barca debut, with the departing right-back handing the captain's armband to Ter Stegen.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAAL! KOUNDE SCORES! Gundogan's delivery from the right is met by Kounde, who glances his header into the bottom-left corner. Ibanez is down inside the area appealing for a foul, however, and there will be a VAR check on the goal…,1

Areso's hesitation allows Gavi to steal possession, and the Osasuna right-back hauls him down to stop the break. He is deservedly booked.,2

Lewandowski thrusts an arm into the face of his marker and is cautioned. He needs to calm down to avoid a repeat of last season's dismissal on this ground.,2

Jimenez goes into the book as he refuses to make way off the field as his number comes up to be substituted. There is confusion as he is apparently not the player that is leaving the field after all, but he still gets the yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PEPE FIRES HOME FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 1-1!!!!!! Pepe converts on the turn from Nketiah's offload to notch the equaliser for the Gunners. Nketiah makes a good run into the right-inside channel and he manages to squeeze a pass back to the Ivorian. Pepe turns and then places his left-footed effort past Sa at the near post.,1

Nketiah makes his way on to the field as Arteta adds an extra attacker into the fold. He replaces Cedric which will require a re-shuffle for the Gunners.,0

Pepe replaces Martinelli in the final third for the home side. The Ivorian needs to provide a spark for his team.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! HWANG CAPITALISES ON A TERRIBLE MISTAKE BY GABRIEL!!!!! 1-0 WOLVES! Gabriel plays a blind backpass to Ramsdale that is intercepted by Hwang in the box. He still has work to do from a tight angle to find the net, but he calmly places his effort into the bottom-right corner. Clinical from Hwang and a horrendous error from Gabriel.,1

RED CARD FOR LEMINA! WOLVES ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Lemina surges over halfway before mistiming a pass towards Neto, allowing Zaniolo to intercept. The Italian darts forward, and Lemina is penalised for pulling him back by his shorts. The referee has no choice but to show a second yellow card!,3

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL! TORRES LEVELS IMMEDIATELY! Wolves' lead did not last long! Villa win a deep free-kick, which is hoisted in by Luiz and only cleared as far as Watkins. He digs out a first-time cross to the far post, where Torres slides in to poke it across goal and past Sa! 1-1!,1

GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL!!! HWANG FOR WOLVES! 1-0! It's another goal for the South Korea international, and another assist for Neto! Neto receives a pass into feet just inside Villa's half before bursting past Torres to reach the byline. He knocks a simple ball across the face of goal, and Hwang darts across the front post to tap it home!,1

Wolves have made a half-time substitution, likely an enforced one after Ait-Nouri's earlier head injury. Doherty come on in a makeshift left wing-back role, with Hugo Bueno absent.,0

McGinn goes into the book for catching Neto late on the touchline, leaving the winger in a heap off the pitch. McGinn and Dawson have been getting stuck in so far, but now both men are walking a disciplinary tightrope.,2

Dawson goes into the book now, stepping out of defence to challenge Watkins from behind and catching the Villa striker's heel.,2

Luiz looks to turn Toti on the edge of the box, but the Wolves man wins the ball to initiate a counter-attack. Kamara pulls Cunha back on halfway and receives the game's first yellow card.,2

There's a heated exchange off the ball between Suarez and Alaba, and both players look angry The referee takes notice and Suarez is booked for his part in it.,2

Madrid were ready to make this change a moment ago, but they held off to try and run the clock down a little more. Vinicius is the next player to go off, with Rodrygo on for him.,0

There's another change for Madrid now. The other goal scorer, Asensio, is taken off and replaced by Valverde.,0

Kondogbia is stretching to try and keep hold of the ball and Casemiro ends up tripping over his leg. He's shown a yellow card. ,2

ASENSIO SCORES! Jovic spreads the play out to Vinicius on the right and he just takes it around Llorente before curling it into Asensio. Nobody is picking him up in the box and he slots his shot past Oblak and into the far bottom corner. 2-0 Madrid! ,1

There's a double change for Atletico at the start of the second half. Griezmann is first to make way, with Joao Felix on for him.,0

Madrid are making a change as well. Benzema, who is just back from a hamstring injury, isn't coming back out, with Jovic on for him.,0

Mendy tries to hold off Correa but catches the winger in the chin with his elbow. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Felipe tries to nick the ball off Asensio from behind but takes out the forward's legs instead. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

BENZEMA SCORES! And what a goal it is! Hermoso gives the ball away and Madrid take advantage as it's worked out to Vinicius on the right. He clips a good cross into the middle of the box where Benzema is completely unmarked. He gets his leg up to hit the shot on the volley and rifles it past Oblak. 1-0 Madrid! ,1

Mourinho, sensing his side are hanging on a little, brings on Alli for Dier. The departing player does not seem happy.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! TOTTENHAM 2-1 MIDDLESBROUGH! SAVILLE GIVES BORO HOPE! Saville picks up the ball just outside the box and steers a low shot away from Gazzaniga to make it game on in north London!,1

Spence has put in a good shift for Middlesbrough down the right today and is replaced by Tavernier with around 15 minutes to go.,0

Son is on for Lucas in attack as Mourinho makes his first change of the match with just over an hour played.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! TOTTENHAM 2-0 MIDDLESBROUGH!!! LAMELA DOUBLES TOTTENHAM'S LEAD! This second Tottenham goal is all down to the individual quality of Lamela. The Argentina international runs through the middle of the Boro defence and finishes past Mejias to join compatriot Lo Celso on the scoresheet.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! TOTTENHAM 1-0 MIDDLESBROUGH!!! LO CELSO GIVES TOTTENHAM AN EARLY LEAD! Boro goalkeeper Mejias attempts to pass his way out of trouble but only succeeds in giving the ball straight to Lo Celso, who cuts inside and tucks it into the bottom-left corner.,1

Bournemouth are threatening to counter, and Chilwell clips Kluivert to stop that from happening. He picks up a late yellow card.,2

Kluivert makes another darting run towards the box, and Disasi slides in and kicks his legs out from under him. He gets a yellow card, and Bournemouth have a free-kick in the D.,2

Bournemouth are making a double change. Tavernier is the first to go off, and Sinisterra is on in his place as he makes his debut for the Cherries.,0

Both sides are making a change here, starting with Chelsea. Mudryk is taken off, with Palmer on for him.,0

Kerkez has his arms around Sterling as he tries to stop him from spinning in behind. They go down in a tangle, and the left-back is booked for the challenge.,2

Mudryk's first touch is heavy and he takes out Aarons as he tries to keep it alive. He goes into the referee's book.,2

Solanke is surging forward on the counter and Sterling slides in to cynically bring him down. He picks up an early yellow card.,2

Pepe slaloms dangerously through the Aston Villa midfield again, before Luiz races across to bundle the attacker over and earn himself a yellow card.,2

Torreira is replaced by Xhaka in midfield as Arsenal search for more creativity going forward in this second period.  ,0

Torreira is shown a yellow card after crashing into Hourihane, just as the hosts attempted a rare foray forward. ,2

ASTON VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! The hosts force their first corner of the game and use it to full effect, as Hourihane's delivery drifts unhindered towards the back post where Trezeguet is on hand to firmly thump a volley in at the near post from eight yards!,1

Danilo looks to have picked up a knock shortly after scoring - which forces Pochettino’s hand. Michut comes in for his debut - replacing the injured midfielder.,0

DANILO SCORES HIS FIRST FOR PSG! A simple finish from a corner, Danilo rises highest to nod home the delivery after Racioppi came off his line and missed his punch. It’s 4-0 now for Paris!,1

Linares is forced into a substitution with 20 minutes left in the match as Cheikh will not be able to continue. Marie is his replacement.,0

The second change is a forward-thinking swap as midfielder Dobre comes in to replace Panzo - a defender.,0

Dijon make a couple changes on the hour, with the first coming in attack. Konate is replaced by Assale. ,0

TWO FOR MBAPPE, THREE FOR PSG! Another simple goal for the visitors, who are running rampant. Kehrer finds Rafinha in acres of space just outside the penalty area, before the former Barcelona midfielder slips it through for Mbappe. The France international opts for a first-time hit with the left, wrapping his boot around it and beating Racioppi with pace and accuracy! 3-0!,1

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! Mbappe steps up with confidence and sends the goalkeeper the wrong way, giving PSG a 2-0 advantage! ,1

Ebimbe is shown the first yellow card of the match for a reckless and mistimed slide tackle on Danilo.,2

PSG SCORE AFTER SIX MINUTES! Diallo plays a simple pass into the penalty area for Kean - who feints one way to open up space before poking the ball past the keeper into the corner of the goal from six yards out! 1-0!,1

Ndour charges through the back of Diarra and catches the midfielder, prompting the referee to show the PSG substitute a yellow card.,2

Lee is shown a yellow card for a tactical foul on Angelo, denying Strasbourg the opportunity to counter-attack.,2

PSG MAKE IT THREE! 3-0! Lee wins the ball back high up the pitch and backheels it to Ruiz, who finds Dembele inside the penalty area. The winger cuts inside and looks to pass it through but it’s blocked by Delaine, presenting possession right to Soler. The midfielder plays it square to the oncoming Ruiz, who splits two defenders with fancy footwork and finishes high into the net!,1

PSG DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Soler plays an incisive pass into the penalty area for Mbappe, who uses incredible trickery to get past both Perrin and Delaine on his way to the byline. With the ball still in play, the forward manages to cut back a pass to the awaiting Soler, who tucks it home from close range!,1

1-0 PSG! Mbappe steps up and with a bit of hesitation, scoops his spot-kick to the goalkeeper’s right. Sels guesses the right way but can’t get a hand to the blistering shot, which gives the hosts the lead!,1

Wijnaldum stops the run of Young down United's right and enters the referee's book. That came on the back of yet another Milner set-piece being met by the head of a United player.,2

Shaqiri becomes the third player to be cautioned in what has been a far-from-feisty match. The Liverpool substitute is not in the mood for a foot race with Rashford and wipes out his opponent before he can get going.,2

Milner tries to get away from Young but is prevented doing so by his opponent, who grabs hold of his shirt to receive a yellow card.,2

Salah, who has had a very poor game today, is replaced by Origi in Liverpool's third and final change.,0

With his side now on top and going in search of a breakthrough goal, Klopp brings on Shaqiri for Henderson.,0

This is becoming comical now. Lingard is the FOURTH player to leave the field injured and we are not even halfway through the game. Lingard was clearly not fully fit, having been rushed back from injury well ahead of schedule, and he is replaced by Sanchez after just 15 minutes on the field.,0

The third enforced change of the first half sees Sturridge replace Firmino through the middle for Liverpool. There must be something in the air!,0

Mata receives some treatment to his ankle but is unable to continue. Lingard, who has been rushed back from injury to take a place on the bench today, is brought on in United's second enforced change of the first half.,0

End-to-end stuff at Old Trafford now. Rashford gives away possession and Liverpool counter, only to give away the ball on the edge of the United box. Pogba then leads the United charge and it taken out by Milner for the game's first yellow card.,2

Herrera's game comes to an end with less than a quarter of it played. Pereira, who has struggled to hold down a place in the side, is the man to come on. That three-man midfield is looking very makeshift now.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! 2-1 LAZIO!!! Late drama at Celtic Park! Substitute Pedro finds himself in space at the back post and guides a header past the goalkeeper. Hart was rooted to the spot. Heartbreak for Rodgers' side!,1

Castellanos attempts an audacious acrobatic effort but he connects with Carter-Vickers and receives a booking.,2

Alberto isn't happy with the referee after he fails to blow for a foul, and his protests earn him a yellow card.,2

GOAAAAAAALLLL! 1-1!!! Lazio equalise! A corner comes into the Celtic box which they fail to deal with, and the ball falls to Vecino who guides a header beyond Hart. The English 'keeper tries to scramble the ball off the line, but the referee awards a goal.,1

GOAAAAL!!!!!! 1-0 CELTIC!!!!! Kyogo applies the finishing touch to a superb move, with an excellent passage of play involving Maeda and O'Riley. The Scottish side have an early lead over Lazio!,1

Final change of the game from Leipzig now and it's Forsberg that's making way, with Haidara coming on in his place.,0

Zenit's second substitution of the game is an attacking one as Semak brings off Ivanovic and replaces him with Driussi. ,0

Upamecano caught Dzyuba on the back of the heel when he was trying to win the ball and the forward wasn't happy with it. He squared up to the defender and had to be pulled away by team-mates before the referee showed the yellow card. ,2

SABITZER SCORES! Forsberg somehow manages to squeeze a throughball to Sabitzer, who stays onside and pulls away from his defender to get one-on-one with the keeper. He beats Kerzhakov at his near post and finds the back of the net. 2-0 Leipzig!,1

Nagelsmann is making his second change of the game now and it's Werner that's coming onto the pitch in place of Nkunku.,0

Both sides have decided to make a change at the start of the second half. Leipzig are first and it's Halstenberg that comes off to be replaced by Kampl.,0

LEIPZIG LEAD! The free-kick is taken by Sabitzer but the wall blocks it. Zenit don't clear their lines though and it bounces out to Demme on the edge of the box. It's a great shot through the crowd and into the bottom corner from the captain and Kerzhakov didn't even move. 1-0 Leipzig!,1

Erokhin has picked up an early yellow card here for sliding in late to challenge Upamecano for the ball.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! COMAN SCORES A WONDERFUL INDIVIDUAL GOAL!!!! 4-0!!!! Coman notches his second of the game with a special strike. He is released into acres of space by a precise pass from Muller from his own half. The winger surges into the box before twisting Felipe one way then the other. He holds his composure to slide his right-footed strike away from Oblak into the bottom-left corner.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!! TOLISSO SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 3-0!!! The midfielder blasts a strike into the top-right corner from 20 yards. Kimmich sees his shot from a free-kick blocked, but the ball lands at the feet of Tolisso. He needs no invitation to fire at goal and he lets fly with a bullet that soars away from Oblak and into the back of the net. An outstanding strike from the Frenchman.,1

Atletico are in danger of losing their discipline. Koke goes in full-blooded on Kimmich and goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GORETZKA BURIES HIS STRIKE!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!!! The German provides a clinical finish on his right foot to double Bayern's lead. Lewandowski leads a break into the Atletico half before feeding Coman. He sends a low ball across the box to Goretzka. The midfielder takes a touch before rifling his strike inside the left post beating the hand of Oblak.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! COMAN PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!! 1-0!! Coman finishes in style, but the goal is all about Kimmich. He wins possession in the Atletico half from Felix before floating a precise cross into the left inside channel. Coman drifts behind Trippier, takes a touch and then slots his strike past Oblak from close range. A super goal from the hosts.,1

Muller leaves a foot in late in a challenge with Trippier. He goes into the book, but he's furious with the decision.,2

Awful tackle! Traore is booked for a needless, reckless lunge on Fabian near the halfway line. Had the full-back's studs been showing, he might have walked for that one.,2

Here comes the visitors' final change. Galan is replaced by Aramburu, having struggled against Dembele in the second half.,0

Dembele leaves the action to warm applause after an electric second-half performance. Kolo Muani replaces his France team-mate for the closing stages.,0

Imanol has seen enough, with three Real Sociedad changes prepared. Pacheco is on for Le Normand in the first of those, after the centre-back was booked in the first half.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! BARCOLA MAKES IT 2-0! PSG have made their spell of dominance count! Fabian spreads the play wide to Barcola with Real Sociedad back-pedalling. The former Lyon man slows down as he approaches the corner of the box, then bursts past Traore on the outside before poking his finish past Remiro. Outstanding stuff from the 21-year-old, and La Real have a mountain to climb now!,1

Imanol makes the first substitution. Barrenetxea is replaced by Zakharyan, having appeared to tire in the second half.,0

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLL! 1-0 PSG! The hosts haven't been entirely convincing here, but they have the lead through their main man Mbappe! Dembele's outswinging corner is met by Marquinhos on the run, and his glancing header is blasted home from close range by Mbappe at the far post. It's harsh on Real Sociedad, but their marking was non-existent there!,1

Le Normand picks up the first booking of the game, tripping Dembele to prevent the winger from reaching top speed after he had wriggled away from two Real Sociedad players. He had to make that foul.,2

Laimer rolls past Pellegrini, who pulls the Bayern substitute to the floor and is shown a yellow card.,2

Musiala will be gutted that he is being replaced without a goal contribution to his name. He has had five shots and completed 97.8 per cent of his passes, with Gnabry on in his place.,0

Sane had a frustrating first half but grew into the contest and had a role in Bayern's third goal. He is off for Laimer, who is given the final few minutes.,0

Guendouzi has possession on the right next to Bayern's corner flag but loses possession to Kane, who gets back to help out defensively. He then comes forward before being fouled by Cataldi, who goes into the book.,2

Lazio make a change in the midfield. Summer signing Kamada is on to replace Alberto. The Spaniard completed 81.8 per cent of his 44 passes.,0

Muller scored Bayern's second goal that put the Bundesliga outfit ahead on aggregate. He is on his way off and is replaced by Tel.,0

Tuchel makes a straight swap at left-back. Guerreiro looked to get forward at every opportunity and is now being given a rest. Davies is on to provide a similar threat.,0

Anderson had 47 touches on the wing and looked dangerous on the break, but is now coming off for former Chelsea man Pedro.,0

GOALLL! KANE SCORES AGAIN! 3-0 BAYERN! The hosts are 3-1 ahead on aggregate. Muller taps the ball out to Sane on the edge of the box, with the winger working possession onto his left foot before curling a low strike towards the bottom-left corner. Provedel pushes it away, but Kane is there for the rebound to score from close range.,1

A frustrating sight for Lazio fans. Immobile looked hurt after a strong tackle from De Ligt and is now coming off. Castellanos, who started against Milan, is on up front.,0

Zaccagni looked exciting on the left for Lazio and won three fouls, but is now coming off for Isaksen.,0

Sarri has seen enough and has decided to make three changes to try and get Lazio back in the contest. Vecino is on his way off and is replaced in the midfield by Cataldi.,0

GOALLLL! MULLER SCORES! 2-0 BAYERN! What a way for Bayern to go ahead in the tie. Guerreiro's outswinging corner from the left is headed away as far as De Ligt, who thunders a volley from the right towards the goal. Muller is sharp, with the veteran getting his head on the ball and turning it into the net.,1

GOALLLL! KANE SCORES! 1-0 BAYERN! The tie is level on aggregate! Pavlovic lofts a cross from the left towards Muller, who flicks a header across the box. Guerreiro scuffs his shot, but Kane is there, and he heads his effort into the bottom-left corner.,1

Barcelona respond to their third goal with a triple substitution: first, Braithwaite comes off for Griezmann.,0

ALBA! 3-0! Alba pokes in from close range to cap off a wonderful team move, after Messi's pinpoint cross is selflessly headed across goal by Braithwaite!,1

MESSI GETS HIS SECOND! 2-0! De Jong makes a brilliant run through midfield, riding a number of challenges before selflessly squaring it to Messi, who shimmies into the six-yard box before dinking it over Badia and in!,1

MESSI! 1-0! It's a brilliant goal for the hosts immediately after the break! Messi runs ominously at the Elche defence, before playing a slick one-two with Braithwaite and firing a one-one through Badia and in!,1

An attacking change at the break for the hosts: the midfielder Pjanic is replaced by the winger, Dembele.,0

Nuno is trying to run down the clock now as he makes his final change of the game and it's Jimenez coming off so Bennett can come on for the final seconds.,0

WOLVES TAKE THE LEAD! Doherty plays the one-two with Jimenez on the edge of the box before taking the ball past two City defenders. Nobody can get close to him and he fires his shot under Bravo and into the back of the net to give his side the lead. 3-2 Wolves!,1

WOLVES ARE LEVEL! It starts with Mendy trying to see the ball out of play when Traore pushes him off it. Jimenez is waiting in the middle to get on the end of his cross and taps it into the back of the net from close range. 2-2!,1

That was De Bruyne's last involvement in the game as he's being taken off by Guardiola so Gundogan can come on. ,0

Otamendi picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Jota with a late challenge after missing the ball.,2

WOLVES HAVE ONE BACK! City just can't get tight enough to Traore as he takes a touch on the edge of the box before drilling his effort low and into the far bottom corner where Bravo can't reach it. Wolves are back in the game. 2-1!,1

STERLING HAS A SECOND! He times his run perfectly to stay onside and get on the end of De Bruyne's pass. He cuts inside from the left to get more space before chipping his effort over Patricio and into the back of the net. 2-0 City!,1

Guardiola makes his second change at the start of the second half and it's a defensive one as Garcia replaces Mahrez.,0

NOW HE'S SCORED! The rebound from the penalty is palmed straight into Sterling's path by the goalkeeper and this time, he finds the back of the empty net with a simple tap-in from close range. 1-0 City!,1

Aguero's first start after returning from injury is much shorter than expected as he is the player that's taken off by Guardiola so Bravo can come onto the pitch.,0

EDERSON IS SENT OFF! It's a long ball over the top from Coady to Jota and he gets away from Otamendi and is one-on-one with the goalkeeper. Ederson comes out of his box quickly to close him down but catches Jota without getting near the ball and the referee shows him a straight red card. City down to 10 men!,3

Youssef collides with Ter Stegen after the striker fired an effort at goal, which was comfortably saved by the Barca keeper. The striker then continued his run and pushed Ter Stegen to the floor, he is shown a yellow card.,2

The hosts make their third and final substitution of the evening, with El Zhar hobbling off the pitch, he has been replaced by Nyom.,0

The first of the double substitution sees Vermaelen replaced by Jordi Alba, a straight swap at left-back.,0

Barca are starting to lose their cool now, with Vermaelen the latest player to be shown a yellow card.,2

Barcelona make their first substitution of the game, with Munir the man coming off and he has been replaced by Suarez.,0

Umtiti is the first Barcelona player to be shown a yellow card for his late challenge, right on the halfway line.,2

LEGANES LEAD! It's 2-1! Another defensive error by Barcelona which allows Leganes through and they capitalise on the opportunity, two goals in a minute! It comes from a hopeful ball over the top by Leganes, with Youssef chasing it down, but Pique gets his clearance all wrong, firing the ball straight into the path of Rodriguez in the area, who just had Ter Stegen to beat and he fired it into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Leganes are level, it's 1-1! El Zhar with the equalising goal after a quick counter down the left wing. Silva beats the offside flag and whips a deep cross into the box for El Zhar who beats Vermaelen to the ball and powers his header into the back of the net.,1

Perez is shown the first yellow card of the game, after his late challenge on Messi, just inside the Barcelona half of the pitch.,2

WHAT A GOAL! Barca lead 1-0! Messi picks out Coutinho on the edge of the box, the Brazilian takes a touch and then fires a powerful volley into the corner of the net, which was dipping all the way and caught the Leganes keeper by surprise. However, it is a superb volley!,1

Politano is now replaced by Candreva on the right wing as Luciano Spalletti looks to freshen up his struggling attack.,0

Brozovic catches De Paul on the back of the calf and rightly picks up a booking. That was a clumsy challenge.,2

Valero comes off for star striker Icardi, who will join international compatriot Martinez up front in what is now a 4-4-2.,0

D'Ambrosio takes a heavy touch and, in trying to retrieve the ball, catches Sandro with his studs raised. He's lucky to see yellow, rather than red.,2

Sandro clatters into the back of Brozovic and rightly picks up a yellow card. Poor challenge from the midfielder.,2

Another booking now, this time it is shown to Pavard after he dives into a challenge and gets nowhere near the ball.,2

Another double change coming up for Bayern now, with Hernandez the first to head off and he has been replaced by Nianzou.,0

Hernandez is booked for a clear foul on Onisiwo after the striker looked to break forward on the counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! MAINZ MAKE IT 3-1! The hosts counter quickly and catch Bayern out at the back, with Stach flicking the ball to Widmer, who turns Davies and then lays it off to Barreiro on the edge of the box. The shot from Barreiro takes a big deflection off Pavard, but this sends it past Ulreich, onto the bar and into the back of the net.,1

Bayern have made a double substitution ahead of the second half, with Sabitzer one of those coming off and on comes Musiala.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Kimmich for a blatant shirt pull to prevent a Mainz counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! LEWANDOWSKI MAKES IT 2-1! Lovely move by Bayern on the edge of the penalty area, as Sabitzer flicks it to Choupo-Moting, who could go for goal himself. However, he opts to pass to Lewandowski and he turns and fires the ball into the bottom right corner of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! MAINZ DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! It comes from another set piece, as a free-kick is whipped into the box from the right, flicked on at the near post by Stach and then met at the back post by Niakhate and he has a simple tap-in from close range. He simply couldn’t miss and he makes it 2-0!,1

GOOOAAALLL! MAINZ TAKE THE LEAD! The hosts deserve their lead after a superb opening period of the game. It comes from a mistake by Ulreich at the back, his pass out is poor and is easily picked up by Kohr, who heads it to Burkardt and he then fires the ball past the keeper and into the back of the net. It’s 1-0!,1

GOAL! SPURS LEAD 2-1! It's been coming and it's that man Bale who makes the difference. Reguilon's delivery was pinpoint and Bale made no mistake with the header, expertly finding the corner. ,1

GOAL! BRIGHTON ARE LEVEL! Brighton continue to pour forward in numbers and get their reward. March fires the ball into Gross who feeds the onrushing Lamptey who places it past Lloris and into the bottom corner. VAR is checking for a foul in the build-up.,1

GOAL! Kane steps up and makes no mistake, firing past Sanchez to give Tottenham the lead. Mourinho will be delighted.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BAYERN HAVE FIVE!!!! GNABRY SCORES!!!! The winger completes the rout this evening as his curling strike travels through two Schalke defenders and the boot of Schubert to find the net. He collects a pass from Coutinho on the left wing before surging past Caligiuri with ease. Gnabry goes for a strike from the left inside channel and Schubert is unsighted and unable to keep out the drive with his leg. It sums up the performance from the visitors and their keeper.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! THIAGO CONVERTS!!! 4-0!!!! Thiago starts and finishes the move for Bayern's fourth. Boujellab and Kimmich collide in the middle of the park and Thiago scoops up possession. He releases the run of Lewandowski into the final third. The Pole turns Mascarell with ease and then slides an offload towards the advancing Spaniard. Thiago has a simple finish, slotting the ball past Schubert into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GORETZKA MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-0!!!!  Bayern have their third of the game as Goretzka scores against his former club. Kimmich swings a corner deep to the back post for the run of the midfielder. His header is blocked by Oczipka, but he connects with an acrobatic volley. Goretzka's effort has the pace and accuracy to beat the hand of Schubert to find the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MULLER STRIKES BEFORE THE BREAK!!!! 2-0!!!! Bayern double their advantage just before half-time as Muller converts from close range. Perisic hangs a cross to the left inside channel and Goretzka nods it on. Muller times his run to perfection and sticks out a boot to guide his effort past Schubert into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Pole pounces in the box to convert Perisic's cross, blasting his effort past Kabak on the line. Schubert is to blame as he comes for Muller's cross and fails to make the catch. Perisic pounces on the loose ball and steers it towards Lewandowski. The striker takes a touch before dispatching his effort on the volley into the back of the net.,1

A fruitless 90 minutes for Agudelo comes to its end, as Ellertsson replaces him for the final few seconds.,0

CORREA STRIKES! Finally, almost walking the ball into the net, Inter score their third goal of the game, as Correa receives the ball from Dzeko inside the box and sidesteps Nikolaou before slotting the ball home! That's 3-0 to the hosts: job done!,1

Gotti makes another substitution, as Kovalenko makes his return from injury to replace Simone Bastoni in midfield.,0

Both goalscorers are withdrawn by Inzaghi, with Inter on course for victory. First, Calhanoglu is replaced by Gagliardini in midfield.,0

INTER STRIKE AGAIN! With a clinical finish, following approach play from Skriniar and Lukaku, Calhanoglu slots the ball into the bottom corner for Inter's second! The Nerazzurri go 2-0 up at the Meazza and surely extinguish Spezia's hopes of a fightback.,1

INTER LEAD! The Nerazzurri's front two are back in business at San Siro! Lukaku runs through the centre to meet a ball from the right; nodding back into the path of Martinez, who calmly controls it and then strikes into the bottom-left corner! Inter 1-0 Spezia, and that's a much deserved opener for the hosts!,1

Amid vociferous Atalanta protests at the ruling-out of their 'goal', captain Toloi is the latest man into the referee's notebook.,2

Inzaghi makes a switch up front, with Martinez being taken off and Sanchez brought on to make an impact in the final 10 minutes.,0

Atalanta make another change, as Zappacosta comes off for his fellow ex-Chelsea man Pasalic in midfield.,0

INTER ARE LEVEL! Continuing his impressive return to the club, Dimarco finds space on the left and prods a toe-poked effort low at Musso's goal, with the Atalanta goalkeeper only able to palm the ball into Dzeko's path five yards out. The former Roma man slots in for Inter's second and the scores are now tied in this belter of a game! It's Inter 2-2 Atalanta!,1

Perhaps out of frustration rather than necessity, Barella brings down Ilicic and earns himself a booking.,2

Atalanta may make a change in shape for the final part of the game, as Pessina is withdrawn from midfield and defender Djimsiti is brought on.,0

Bastoni is withdrawn, as the more attack-minded Dimarco - often a wing-back - comes on in the Inter defence.,0

Having seen his influence fade, Darmian comes off and Dumfries replaces him on the right for the final half-hour.,0

Considering referee Fabio Maresca's propensity for bookings, Calhanoglu dives into an ill-advised challenge on Freuler and receives a yellow card.,2

ATALANTA LEAD! The irrepressible Malinovskyi is at it again, as his swerving shot at the centre of the goal can only be repelled by Handanovic, allowing centre-back Toloi to pounce and fire in the away side's second. Superb stuff from the Bergamaschi, who fully merit their advantage: Inter 1-2 Atalanta!,1

WHAT A SCREAMER! A trademark strike from Malinovskyi arrows past the despairing dive of Handanovic and nestles into the right side of the Inter net. Thumped in from more than 20 yards, the Ukrainian's left-footer was unstoppable and brings the sides level at 1-1!,1

Another yellow card is flashed, as Zapata goes into the book for dissent at the award of Inter's free-kick.,2

As Dzeko runs through dangerously for the hosts, Palomino clips his heel and brings the big striker tumbling to the turf - the card-happy referee makes his third booking already!,2

INTER TAKE THE LEAD! The champions are off to a flyer, as Barella curls in a delicious cross for Martinez to latch on to with a sliding volley, which crashes into the back of the Atalanta net. Already, the hosts have an advantage: it's 1-0 to Inter!,1

Malinovskyi the first man into the referee's book for a late challenge on Darmian, as he catches the flying wing-back on the foot with his studs.,2

Everton use their last substitution window. Iwobi departs and is replaced by Gordon, who made his Everton debut last weekend.,0

Kean earns himself an immediate yellow card for a poor challenge on Vrancic. The Italian's still struggling to justify how much Everton paid for him.,2

Norwich make a few more changes. Hernandez, who's faded this half, is replaced by the young Irishman Idah.,0

GOAL! 1-0 EVERTON! Hernandez hands Everton a corner down their right. Digne swings the ball in with his left foot and Keane nods it down easily to nestle into the bottom corner!,1

There's an alteration in midfield for Torino, with Linetty heading to the bench. Vojvoda comes on for the final few minutes.,0

Napoli make another substitution as Olivera is given an opportunity to impress off the bench. Rui is the player to make way.,0

GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-1!! TORINO EQUALISE!! The away side have a corner and Gineitis delivers into the penalty area. The ball cannons off Anguissa, loops into the air, and Sanabria attempts an overhead kick from inside the six-yard box, and it rifles into the roof of the net. Meret got a hand to it, but he couldn’t prevent the goal! What a finish!,1

Juric quickly makes a change after Torino go a goal behind, with Pellegri coming off and Sanabria entering the fray.,0

GOOOAAAALLLLLL!!! 1-0 NAPOLI!! Anguissa fires a pass out wide to Kvaratskhelia and the Georgian winger looks to take on his marker. He drives towards the opposition goal and Rui makes a run to his left, and he finds him. The full-back delivers into the penalty area with a first-time cross and Kvaratskhelia has burst into the box, and he fires into the back of the net at the front post, leaving Milinkovic-Savic with no chance!,1

Osimhen receives a booking for striking Buongiorno in the face with both players tussling for a header.,2

Trossard has been outstanding tonight. He receives a standing ovation before being withdrawn for Maupay.,0

March is withdrawn after a fine shift down the right flank. Lamptey replaces him for the final 14 minutes.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TROSSARD MAKES IT FOUR!!!!! 4-0 BRIGHTON!!!! United are crumbling amid brilliance from the home side in the final third. Trossard guides the ball home on the line with his chest to send the Brighton fans into dreamland. Gross releases Welbeck with a precise throughball into the inside-right channel. Welbeck chips his effort over De Gea, and although Dalot clears off the line, Trossard is there to make sure it's over with his chest. A VAR check confirms the goal.,1

WHAT A FINISH BY GROSS!!!!! BRIGHTON 3-0!!!!!! Gross pours on the agony for United with a super finish with his left foot, displaying a clinical edge in front of goal. Cucurella latches on a precise kick out from the back from Sanchez and then offloads to Trossard. The Belgian threads the needle for Gross and he takes a good first touch away from Varane before clipping a strike away from De Gea into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CUCURELLA NOTCHES HIS FIRST BRIGHTON GOAL!!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!! The home side double their advantage as the Spaniard fires home from the inside-left channel into the roof of the net. Trossard collects a cross on the byline and spots Cucurella in space. The wing-back holds his composure and drills his effort past De Gea with power to send the Brighton fans into raptures.,1

Matic is withdrawn at the break for the visitors and is replaced by Cavani. The Serb was off the pace.,0

Ronaldo catches Dunk with a late challenge and goes into the book. He's furious with the decision from the referee.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!! CAICEDO FIRES BRIGHTON AHEAD WITH A CRISP STRIKE!!!! 1-0!!!!!! United fail to clear the danger from a cross into the box before Caicedo produces a fine effort to beat De Gea. A cross from the left flank from Cucurella causes problems in the penalty area before Gross lines up a strike. His effort is charged down by Lindelof, but Caicedo gathers 20 yards from goal and produces a precision shot that travels through a crowd before finding the bottom-left corner.,1

GOAL! 4-1 CITY! Foden gets a deserved goal. City put together some neat and tidy passing to get around the back of Dinamo and Foden taps in from the penalty spot.,1

City substitution. City's captain Otamendi comes off. It's a big moment for the 17-year-old City academy product Harwood-Bellis who makes his Champions League debut.,0

Jesus' day is done. He'll have to content himself with just the hat-trick - he's now the first player under the age of 23 to score multiple hat-tricks in the Champions League. Zinchenko replaces him for City.,0

GOAL! 3-1 CITY! Jesus gets his hat-trick and this game is done. Mendy gets slipped free down the left and whips in a fantastic cross for Jesus who arrows it home on the volley from six yards.,1

GOAL! 2-1 CITY! Jesus gets his second of the night with a beautifully crafted goal. The Brazilian slips into the box, sends Dilaver the wrong way and calmly strokes the ball past Livakovic. It's a long way back for Dinamo now, and his 100th goal for club and country.,1

Ademi is booked for his protests at that goal being allowed. Dinamo really aren't happy but they only have themselves to blame.,2

GOAL! 1-1 CITY! Dinamo have a man down injured but City play on. Mahrez pops a left-footed cross in from the right of his box and Gabriel nods home. That'll be controversial.,1

GOAL! 1-0 DINAMO! What a magnificent goal by the 21-year-old Spanish midfielder Olmo! He drifts into the box between City's defenders and smacks a first-time volley past Bravo!,1

EVERTON GET A THIRD! 3-1! That should seal victory now! Richarlison meets a Digne corner at the near post and flicks it across goal and onto the underside of the bar, with Calvert-Lewin on hand to tap it into an empty net!,1

Sigurdsson is replaced by Holgate as Everton introduce another defender to try and secure their lead. ,0

EVERTON RETAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! Well, the parity didn't last long! Everton quickly hammer a long clearance forward after being pressed exuberantly by Palace and Calvert-Lewin manages to deftly flick it into the path of Richarlison, who finds himself one-on-one with Cahill before drifting past the defender and bending a low finish into the far corner from 20 yards!,1

PALACE EQUALISE! 1-1! Palace play it direct again and Ayew wins the header, before Zaha collects the loose ball and slips Benteke through at angle, where he proceeds to enter the box and hit a tame shot that somehow squirms underneath Pickford and into the net!,1

The injured Walcott is replaced by Sidibe on the right flank after he played a crucial part in the opening goal.  ,0

EVERTON TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Walcott skips delightfully past Van Aanholt before standing up a perfect cross towards Bernard at the back post who gleefully smashes a volley beyond Guaita and into the roof of the net!,1

Locko is the latest to go into the referee's notebook, with the wing-back shown a yellow for dissent.,2

Mbappe comes across and takes the legs out from under Gravillon cynically. The forward is shown a yellow card as the match continues to boil over.,2

Gravillon is shown a yellow card for his part in the fracas, with the referee keen to punish those involved.,2

RAMOS IS SENT OFF! PSG DOWN TO 10! Ramos is incensed by his yellow card and has far too much to say to the referee, who has no qualms about showing the former Real Madrid centre-back a second yellow card. He's given his marching orders as Galtier looks on pensively.,3

Lopy runs through three or four PSG players, evading each tackle as he inches closer and closer to goal. Ramos eventually takes one for the team and brings him down - taking a yellow card in the process.,2

This time it’s Munetsi who goes through the back of Soler, with the Reims midfielder picking up the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! There's the sixth!!! Real win the ball in Levante's half and Jovic stabs it through for Vinicius, who smashes a low shot underneath Cardenas and into the bottom corner!!! Six of the best for the champions, who lead 6-0!,1

Starting defender Nacho comes off now for Real, to be replaced by a much younger fellow academy product in Mario Gila Fuentes.,0

Valverde's gone close a few times, but will go no further as he's withdrawn for Castilla product Peter Gonzalez.,0

Record-equalling Benzema comes off after another masterful performance, and Luka Jovic will see out the game.,0

Modric flicks out his hand, which strikes the ball from Campana's pass, and is booked, meaning he'll miss Real's next league match.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! It's five!!! Vinicius wins the ball in midfield, and Real play forward again at lightning speed. Benzema feigns shooting several times as he rounds Cardenas, before squaring the ball to Vinicius who taps it into an empty net! 5-0 for five-star Madrid, and the champions are playing like machines at the moment.,1

Marti clips Camavinga late as the midfielder passes out of defence, and the Levante substitute is booked just eight minutes after coming on.,2

Rodrygo, who scored Real's third, comes off after another lively performance, and Mariano Diaz will replace him in the front-line.,0

GOOOAAALLLL!!!! They've got another!!! Vinicius and Modric play a quick one-two and Vinicius dribbles down the left, shooting low from a tight angle and beating Cardenas as the ball nestles in the far corner!!! 4-0, and Levante look dead and buried.,1

Camavinga catches Pepelu late as the Levante midfielder makes a forward pass, and the Frenchman is penalised, receiving the first booking of the game.,2

Levante manager Alessi Lisci has seen enough and makes a double change, the first of which sees the toiling Caceres come off for Jose Campana.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! It's three!!!! Real cut out a Levante counter-attack, and Rodrygo heads into the box. He finds Modric outside him, who in turn sprays it into the danger area, where Rodrygo has a tap-in on the line and buries it!!! 3-0 to Real, and Levante look all but down after barely half an hour.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Real have a second!!! Vinicius cuts inside from the left and crosses from the byline. Benzema runs onto it and rises high, to head it into the back of the net from the far post!!! 2-0 to Real, and that goal sees Benzema equal Raul's Real Madrid goalscoring record with 323 career goals for Los Blancos!,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What a goal from Madrid!!! Modric, deep in his own half in the left-back position, turns away from Radoja with ease and plays a beauty of a pass over the top. Mendy has raced onto it from left-back and streaks clear, slotting it beyond Cardenas and into the bottom corner!!! What a start for Real, who lead 1-0 already!,1

James trips over Trossard on the edge of the area and earns himself a yellow card. But more importantly, Brighton now have a prime opportunity to get a late shot at goal!,2

Maupay is shown a yellow card after contesting a ball that the referee was dropping for Chelsea to restart play.  ,2

BRIGHTON EQUALISE! 1-1! Jahanbakhsh nets a late leveler with a stunning bicycle-kick! Brighton swing another corner into the box that Dunk nods out towards Jahanbakhsh, who acrobatically swivels in the air before guiding an unstoppable volley into the bottom corner!,1

Kovacic trips Trossard just outside the box and earns himself a yellow card. However, the resulting set-piece is curled well wide.   ,2

Brighton boldly replace a midfielder with a striker as Bissouma makes way for Connolly at the break. ,0

CHELSEA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Mount whips in a corner that Brighton struggle to clear, before it drops to Abraham who pokes a shot at goal that Mooy initially blocks on the line, but Azpilicueta is there to blast home the rebound!,1

Aina comes off for Torino, and it's an attack-minded replacement in former Italy striker Simone Zaza.,0

Tonali has arguably been Milan's standout player in this game, and Tiemoue Bakayoko comes on for him.,0

That Belotti shot was his last contribution in this match, as Antonio Sanabria comes on in his place.,0

Buongiorno ran the risk of a red card in that first half, and he's taken off for Ricardo Rodríguez for Torino.,0

Belotti and Singo play a great one-two, but Singo's run onto the throughball is halted as he's pulled back by Kalulu. The Milan defender is booked as a result of this.,2

Leao looks to break forward again but is hacked down by Singo. The Torino wing-back receives a booking, his side's third in just 24 minutes.,2

GOOOALLLLL!!!!! There's the first goal!!!! Krunic meets the outswinging ball and diverts a header across goal. It lands at the feet of Giroud and Milan's Mr. Reliable taps in at the far post to make it 1-0 to the hosts!!! No matter which club he's playing for, or his country for that matter, you can never, ever rule out Giroud at set pieces!,1

It's Romagnoli and Belotti who clash this time, and the Torino captain comes off worse as Milan's skipper Romagnoli is booked.,2

Saelemaekers looks to break forward but loses out in a tussle with Buongiorno; the Torino defender is judged to have impeded the Milan winger and gets the game's first yellow card.,2

Cavani accidentally heads Palomino instead of the ball as he tries to make a clearance and he's booked.,2

Fred has gone down holding his hamstring, and he's taken straight off by the medical team. Matic is on in his place.,0

RONALDO SCORES! Fernandes' corner is cleared, but United keep it alive and Shaw swings a brilliant cross in from the left. Ronaldo is hovering in the middle and gets in front of Palomino to get on the end of it. He thumps his header past Musso from close range to put United ahead. 3-2 United! ,1

MAGUIRE EQUALISES! The initial corner is poor from United, but Sancho keeps it alive on the right. He curls it back into the middle and Cavani flicks it on in the middle. Lovato misses it and it runs through to Maguire who fires it into the near bottom corner. 2-2! ,1

The yellow card is out again, this time for De Roon as he clumsily brings down Shaw from behind to stop his run.,2

Ronaldo is chasing down a long ball and Lovato is trying to catch it as well. It's clumsy from the substitute as he clatters into the back of Ronaldo, but he wasn't through on goal, so it's only a yellow card for Lovato.,2

RASHFORD PULLS ONE BACK! It's a poor pass from Zappacosta which gifts the ball to Fernandes through the middle and he plays a wonderful pass through to Rashford. He runs in behind the defence to latch onto it and Musso rushes off his line, but the forward curls his shot around him and into the far post. 2-1! ,1

Demiral, who looked like he was struggling with a muscle injury during the first time, hasn't come back out after the break, so Lovato replaces him.,0

DEMIRAL SCORES! It's a great corner and United struggle to defend another set-piece. Maguire loses Demiral in the middle of the box and he's able to flick his header across goal, past De Gea, and into the left-hand corner. 2-0 Atalanta! ,1

PASALIC SCORES! It's clever from Atalanta as they catch United out with a quick free-kick and Muriel drives down the right. He touches it to Zappacosta, who puts a dangerous, low cross into the six-yard box which Pasalic gets to ahead of Maguire to tap it past De Gea. VAR has a quick look at it for offside, but the goal stands! 1-0 Atalanta!,1

3-1 TO FOREST! Coolly rolling the ball into the bottom-right corner, Gibbs-White sends Steele the wrong way from the spot! Surely that secures maximum points for the home side, who have fought back brilliantly during the second half!,1

Having scored a goal on his first league start, Buonanotte makes his way to the touchline; Offiah will replace him - it's the latter's Premier League debut.,0

Applauded off and serenaded by the home fans, Johnson is withdrawn for the more defensive option of Toffolo.,0

After a tireless shift up front - plus an assist for potentially Forest's winning goal - Awoniyi makes way for Ayew up front.,0

De Zerbi has seen enough, and after a lacklustre second-half showing he changes personnel. Welbeck will come on for Estupinan, with March shifting to left-back.,0

FOREST GO IN FRONT! Under pressure from Danilo, Caicedo loses the ball deep in midfield, presenting it to Awoniyi. The big striker stays composed to roll the ball back into Danilo's path on the right side of the area, and the latter's low shot finds the bottom-left corner! A great show of character from Cooper's men - they now lead 2-1!,1

BRIGHTON LEAD! After March makes an out-to-in run and unleashes a low strike, Navas can only palm the ball straight into the path of Buonanotte. On his first Premier League start, the 18-year-old then scores from close range! It's an error that follows some great stops by either goalkeeper - and it proves costly: 1-0 to Brighton!,1

Niakhate will be unable to cause any more havoc with his throw-ins, as due to injury he is replaced by Worrall at the back.,0

After a flare-up of tempers between several players on either side, after Buonanotte goes over in the Forest area, Felipe is shown a yellow card for his part in proceedings.,2

Mustafi comes on at centre-back to replace Aubameyang, meaning there is only one recognised Arsenal attacker left on the pitch.,0

Maitland-Niles is Arteta's next defensive move as he brings off Willian in an attempt to protect their 1-0 lead.,0

Nketiah is Arteta's next change as the young English forward comes on to replace Frenchman Lacazette.,0

Greenwood is cautioned by Dean after flying into a late slide tackle on Lacazette on the edge of Arsenal's area.,2

GOALLLL!! 1-0 ARSENAL! Aubameyang does the business from the spot, sending De Gea the wrong way as he places his penalty into the right-hand corner to open the scoring.,1

Gabriel pulls Rashford's shirt back as the United forward beats him near halfway and referee Dean deems the foul to be enough to book the Brazillian centre-back.,2

Holding hacks down Pogba as the Frenchman looks to play Rashford through on the counter and the centre-back receives Arsenal's first caution of the game.,2

Willian looks to counter-attack from United's corner and Fred cynically stops the move, earning a booking from referee Dean for his efforts.,2

JUVENTUS GET ANOTHER! 3-0! The hosts work the resulting corner short, before Costa swings in a dangerous cross towards the back post where an unmarked Bonucci powers beyond Lopez!,1

BENTANCUR MAKES IT TWO! 2-0 JUVENTUS! The hosts break away again as Bentancur and Costa play a one-two allowing the former to wriggle into the box, where he shimmies past Mancini before poking a crafty finish against the inside of the post and into the net!,1

JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Well the game was just beginning to stretch and Juventus take full advantage! Florenzi managed to lose possession to Rabiot, before the hosts broke quickly; Costa shuttled the ball into Higuain before the striker released Ronaldo down the left wing, where he progressed ominously into the box before slamming a low effort across Lopez and into the bottom corner!,1

JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! From nothing, Dybala and Higuain play a quick one-two on the edge of the box that bamboozles Romagnoli, allowing Dybala to glide through on goal before slotting a low, driven shot past Donnarumma from 18 yards!,1

Costa - fresh from coming on a sub to deliver a match-winning goal against Lokomotiv in the week - enters the game in place of Bernardeschi.,0

Cuadrado is shown a yellow card for kicking the ball away just as Milan were trying to quickly restart the game. ,2

Krunic is booked for an aggressive, studs-up challenge on Pjanic. Even though he mostly connected with the ball, that tackle was dangerous enough to warrant a yellow card. ,2

There will be four minutes of stoppage time. As that is announced, Rennes make a change, with Grenier making way for Gelin.,0

RENNES MAKE IT 3-1! What a goal from the hosts! A swift counter results in Siliki whipping in a sublime first-time cross from the left, and his opposite winger Sarr is there to meet it with a bullet header that soars past Cech and into the back of the net.,1

Good work from Guendouzi, who robs Ben Arfa of possession before driving forward, drawing a hefty challenge from Zeffane, and the Rennes defender picks up a booking for his troubles.,2

A third and final change for Arsenal, and if Emery wasn’t hanging on before, he certainly is looking to now. Aubemeyang has toiled up top today with little service, but he has now been taken off, with Kolasinac coming on.,0

A first change for Rennes, as Bourigeaud’s impressive showing is brought to an end. He is replaced by Siliki.,0

Clever play from Ben Arfa, who gets the better of Xhaka with a neat turn of pace and some quick footwork, drawing a foul from Arsenal’s midfielder.,2

Here is a change from Emery, and it is a defensive one. Iwobi has offered Arsenal’s greatest attacking threat so far, but he has now made way for Guendouzi.,0

RENNES ARE LEVEL! Arsenal’s misery is swiftly compounded, as after seeing his initial effort from the free-kick saved, Bourigeaud reacts sharply to thump in a venomous strike on the half volley.,1

RED CARD! Sokratis has been sent off! Just moments after fouling Ben Arfa, Sokratis fails to keep up with Sarr, and can only pull back the Rennes winger, giving the referee little choice but to give the defender his marching orders.,3

Sokratis picks up the first booking of the game, having scythed down Ben Arfa on the edge of the area.,2

GOAL! ARSENAL LEAD 1-0! Well, Rennes had started well, but are now behind. Iwobi picked up the ball down the left, cutting in before curling a cross-shot towards the far corner, with the ball evading a crowd of players before clipping in off the upright.,1

A huge cheer can be heard as Parrott finally gets his chance. He comes on for Alli, who has been very quiet tonight.,0

GOAAAALLLLLL - TOTTENHAM 1-1 NORWICH - Drmic sends the 9,000 travelling fans wild as they level with 12 minutes to go. McLean's shot gives Vorm all sorts of problems and the Dutchman flaps at it, and before he can gather his senses, Drmic is on hand to tap home. GAME ON!,1

Hanley takes one for the team as he bodychecks Alli near the halfway line. The defender was in huge trouble then until he brought him down.,2

Skipp picks up a yellow card after sticking out his right leg to bring down Godfrey. Poor tackle and the card was the right decision.,2

Moura goes down with what looks like an injury but his night is already over. The board goes up and he is replaced by Lamela.,0

GOAAALLLL!!!!! TOTTENHAM 1-0 NORWICH - Vertonghen gets up at the back post to head his team into the lead. Spurs won a free-kick on the left, and Lo Celso's cross was inch-perfect as he looked for a team-mate. Vertonghen climbed above Lewis and Krul had no chance.,1

GOAL! Milan are level! Kessie confidently places his penalty down the middle and beats Musso, who dived to his right. 1-1. ,1

Romagnoli picks up a late yellow card after pushing Nestorovski to the floor following a hopeful lofted pass forward. ,2

It is a double change for Udinese with Walace coming on for Arslan. There are 19 minutes of normal time left to play. ,0

After taking the lead, Gotti turns to his bench to add fresh legs. Larsen replaces Zeegelaar, who is on a yellow card. ,0

GOAL! Udinese take the lead! From the resulting set-piece, De Paul picks out Becao in the centre of the box, and the defender rises highest to head the ball beyond Donnarumma, who may have been put off by Nestorovski. 1-0.  ,1

Meite looks to break with the ball and drive at the visitors’ defence, but he is cynically pulled back by Zeegelaar, who is shown a yellow card. ,2

Pioli is forced into making one change at the break. Tonali, who picked up an injury, is replaced by Meite.,0

After some clever play, Molina gets set free in an advanced position down the right, and Hernandez takes him out with an assertive sliding challenge. The Frenchman is shown a yellow card, which he can have no complaints about. ,2

After making a well-timed tackle, Becao gets caught in the face by Rebic’s trailing leg. The Croatian picks up the first yellow card of the game. ,2

GOAAALLL!!!!! WOLFSBERGER 1-4 TOTTENHAM! Carlos Vinicius seals the win for Spurs with just minutes remaining. Hojbjerg's cross picked out Lamela, and the Argentinean tried to head home. However, Carlos Vinicius decided to volley his flick-on into the opposite corner, and Kofler had no chance in goal.,1

Sprangler tries to plead his innocence, but he is booked after a poor challenge on Lucas in the middle of the park.,2

GOAAAALLL!!! WOLFSBERGER 1-3 TOTTENHAM!! The home side grab a goal back as Liendl sends Lloris the wrong way from the penalty spot. The midfielder kept his run-up nice and straightforward and slotted the ball into the bottom corner. ,1

GOAAAALLLL!! WOLFSBERGER 0-3 TOTTENHAM - Spurs are in total control, and Lucas makes it three. The Brazilian received Winks' throughball and drove his way into the box, before nestling his shot into the bottom corner. That was far too easy for the visitors!,1

GOAAAALLLL!!! WOLFSBERGER 0-2 TOTTENHAM - Bale take a bow. Absolutely superb from the Wales international. Spurs' counter-attack works to perfection as Doherty charges forward before releasing Bale. The winger was on his weaker right foot, but Scherzer committed himself, allowing Bale to turn inside. Once he did that, he had the goal at his mercy, and he smashed the ball past Kofler to double Spurs' lead.,1

GOAAALLL!!! WOLFSBERGER 0-1 TOTTENHAM - Son fires Spurs into an early lead, and Mourinho's side could not have asked for a more perfect start. With Spurs camped in the Wolfsberger box, Bale found space and thrashed his cross towards the penalty spot. Son was alert and stooped low to head into the far corner.,1

GOAL!! LEWANDOWSKI AGAIN! Is that the winner?! Paderborn are opened up, and there are Bayern players queueing up in the middle to meet a left-wing cross. Lewandowski sidefoots into a gaping goal. It's 3-2 Bayern. Surely there is no way back for the Bundesliga's basement side now.,1

SUB: Srbeny took his first-half goal superbly but has been fairly quiet since the break. He goes off for Fridjonsson.,0

GOAL!! UNBELIEVABLE! 2-2! Michel makes amends! Bayern are farcically caught out on the counter despite leading! Jastrzembski dashes down the left and hammers in a powerful shot that Neuer can only parry. Michel cannot miss this time, tapping into an open goal. Paderborn are 15 minutes away from a huge draw.,1

GOAL!! LEWANDOWSKI! He does not miss those! 2-1 Bayern! The hosts press Bayern and win the ball back on the left. Gnabry cuts the ball back for Lewandowski to fire in from 10 yards. Simple stuff.,1

SUB: Bayern play Chelsea on Tuesday and surely would rather not have used their senior stars on the bench, but Coman is on for Odriozola, who has been busy on his debut without really having the quality to hurt Paderborn.,0

YELLOW: Michel was frustrated a few minutes ago when he did not get a foul running up against Alaba, and now he's booked for kicking the ball away.,2

YELLOW: The first Bayern man into the book is Hernandez, who shoves Proger off the ball and pays the price with a card.,2

GOAL!! INCREDIBLE! It's 1-1! This is awful from Bayern! Srbeny runs alone in pursuit of a ball in behind and beats Neuer to the ball on the right wing. It is a really dreadful attempt at a tackle from Neuer, allowing Srbeny to cut inside and run at goal. The recovering Bayern defenders dive in front of the ball, but the Paderborn man cuts onto his left and drills into the net.,1

YELLOW: Gjasula cannot believe it. He snaps into a challenge on Coutinho and actually gets to the ball before the Bayern man, but his trailing leg wipes the Brazilian. It's a foul and a booking.,2

GOAL!! Clinical from Gnabry! 1-0 Bayern! The winger does really well to keep control of the ball in the area, surrounded by Paderborn defenders, and dires into the bottom-right corner.,1

LACAZETTE! 3-3! Arsenal complete the comeback! Pepe stands up an inch-perfect cross from the byline and it sails to the back post where Lacazette is on hand to nod it in from close range!,1

SOUCEK! 3-0! West Ham are rampant! Coufal whips a cross into the six-yard box towards the unmarked Antonio, who heads it against Soucek's foot and beyond a motionless Leno!,1

BOWEN! 2-0! West Ham have made a lightning start and they double their lead: Lingard catches them out by slipping a quick free-kick through to Bowen, who drills a low, 12-yard finish in at the near post from an acute angle!,1

LINGARD! 1-0! Brilliant strike! Antonio rushes to the byline and cuts it back to Lingard, who steadies himself, before thrashing a volley across Leno and into the top corner from 20 yards!,1

Bernardeschi replaces Dybala for the visitors. The Argentine was active in the first half, scoring the decisive goal. However, Dybala's impact lessened as the game wore on.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DYBALA PUTS JUVE AHEAD!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead and it's all too easy for them with Dybala converting from close range. Ronaldo latches on to Cancelo's pass down the right flank and fires the ball towards the near post. Lindelof and Cuadrado challenge for the cross at the near post. Cuadrado just manages to help it across the face of goal where Dybala is unmarked and slots his effort past De Gea. ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ASENSIO RESTORES MADRID'S TWO-GOAL LEAD!!!! 3-1!!!! Asensio comes off the bench to put the result beyond doubt. Atalanta are disjointed after their substitutions and Vazquez capitalises with a weaving run down the right flank. He cuts inside and offloads to Asensio in space in the box. The Spaniard takes one touch before hammering a low strike inside the near post into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MURIEL SCORES A FINE EFFORT FROM THE FREE-KICK!!!! 2-1!!!! Atalanta line up a wall in front of the kick and three players subside before Muriel takes on the strike. They part as the forward clips his effort over the Madrid wall and into the top-right corner. Courtois gets a hand to the effort, but cannot keep it out. It's surely too late for the Italian outfit now.,1

Ilicic is brought down again in the Madrid half. Kroos is the guilty party on this occasion as he goes into the book.,2

Ramos is working his way back from injury and will not be risked further by Zidane. He may have scored the decisive goal in firing Madrid into the last eight.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! RAMOS DISPATCHES HIS SPOT-KICK HOME!!!! 2-0!!!! Ramos goes for power with his strike from 12 yards. Sportiello goes the correct way, diving to his right. However, the power of the effort prevents him from making the stop, despite getting a hand to the ball. Madrid are in complete control now.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BENZEMA CONVERTS AFTER A SPORTIELLO MISTAKE!!! 1-0 MADRID!!! The Atalanta keeper produces a howler at the back and Benzema punishes him with a cool finish. Sportiello drills his clearance straight at Modric, who latches on to his own block. He cuts a pass back for Benzema in support. The Frenchman only needs to beat the keeper and he finds the bottom-left corner with a composed effort.,1

Ex-Inter midfielder Gagliardini upends Hernandez with a sliding challenge from behind, which results in a needless booking.,2

MILAN SEAL IT! The Rossoneri score their third goal in some style! After Reijnders flicks through a delightful pass to Giroud, the striker volleys a first-time pass inside to Okafor, who then finds the net from close range! It's a wonderful team goal, and Milan lead 3-0! Game over!,1

Finally, 17-year-old Bartesaghi is brought on for veteran centre-back Kjaer, joining fellow teenager Simic in Milan's defence.,0

Pioli now introduces fresh legs, making a triple substitution. Okafor is the first man sent on, replacing Leao.,0

Palladino decides to make a double change: first, Kyriakopoulos is replaced on the left wing by Ciurria.,0

SIMIC SCORES ON HIS DEBUT! An incredible Serie A bow for the young defender! The 18-year-old comes off the bench as an early substitute, then arrives in the six-yard box to turn home Leao's low cutback from the right! It's now 2-0 to Milan, who are in complete control approaching half-time!,1

A reckless lunge on Gagliardini sees Reijnders collect the game's first yellow card. He'll have to tread carefully now.,2

A little surprisingly, the injured Pobega is replaced by rookie defender Simic, who makes his senior debut.,0

MILAN LEAD! Riding several challenges, Reijnders scores the Rossoneri's fastest goal of the season by dribbling through Monza's defence and then prodding the ball home through Di Gregorio's legs from close range! A superb solo goal! It's already 1-0 to Milan, who have shown no signs of a hangover from their exploits in England!,1

Gerrard brings on Coutinho for Buendia, with the hopes that the Brazilian can produce some magic in the final minutes of the game.,0

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL!!!!!! TALK ABOUT INSTANT IMPACT! IT'S THREE FOR PALACE! They win the ball back in midfield and Mitchell and Zaha combine on the left flank. Mitchell puts in a cross for Mateta who pokes him the goal less than two minutes after coming on.,1

GOALLLLL!!!! ZAHA MISSES THE PEN BUT STILL SCORES AND IT'S 2-1 FOR PALACE! It was a good save by Martines, but Zaha manages to score nontheless as he stares the keeper down before celebrating with his teammates. He's now on a hat-trick!,1

McGinn sticks out a leg behind him as he fouls Edouard. He gets booked and Palace earn a free-kick in a dangerous area outside the box that goes straight into the wall.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! IT'S 1-1 ALREADY! What a response from Palace! Zaha sprints upfield beyond the Villa backline and slides a shot into the far corner. He's perfected that finish and he's a man in fantastic form!,1

GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAL!!! IT'S 0-1 FOR VILLA! A dream start for the visitors as Mings zips the ball upfield and Bailey's pass is defence splitting for Watkins, who is able to hit it with so much power to score the opener.,1

GOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE TOP IT OFF WITH SOMETHING SPECIAL! 4-1! From deep in their own half, the Eagles fly forth on the counter. The long ball picks out Wilfried Zaha on the left and he cuts back in around two before firing a fantastic finish past Foster to nestle at the far post. Pick that one out!,1

GOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE SEAL THE DEAL! 3-1! Who else, but Wilfried Zaha to haunt his old boss! He puts this result to bed against Roy Hodgson and Watford, with a lovely left-footer after bringing down a looping ball on the far side of the box. Grand stuff.,1

Femenia becomes the latest player to be booked for a challenge that's a little too sturdy for the referee's liking.,2

Kouyate has recovered to action now, thankfully - and proves his fitness with a foul on Louza for a yellow card.,2

GOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE RETAKE THE LEAD JUST BEFORE THE BREAK! 2-1! Conor Gallagher, take a bow - that is a lovely touch! The Chelsea loanee won't hurt his England prospects with moves like that, picked up by Mitchell's deep cut-back in the box. He takes one touch to control it and then leathers his second straight past Foster and nearly rips off the netting. Superb!,1

Samir comes in with a clattering challenge high in the air and is duly booked. That would have got him in trouble in a game of rugby.,2

GOAL! WATFORD OFFER AN IMMEDIATE RESPONSE! 1-1! Barely three minutes after conceding, a Hornets corner is picked up on the left flank. It's swung in wonderfully to the six-yard area and Moussa Sissoko towers over everyone too easily, planting a routine header home near the closest post.,1

GOAL! CRYSTAL PALACE OPEN UP THIS GAME TO TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Oh, Ben Foster will not want to see that one back. Gallagher turns a loose cross in from the right and a deflection carries it to Jean-Philippe Mateta. He's afforded far too much space to collect, pivot and shoot but the goalkeeper goes entirely the wrong way and the ball thuds into the back of the net. The Eagles are off to a flyer!,1

Alli sees yellow for something he said to the referee as opposed to any involvement in the altercation.,2

GOAL!!! Bournemouth finally take the lead against the nine men of Tottenham!! Fraser whips another excellent cross into the box and Ake drifts to the back post to power a header into the back of the net! It's 1-0 to Bournemouth! ,1

Sissoko, having picked up a slight knock, is replaced by Davies, who slots in alongside Sanchez at centre-half.,0

Howe throws French striker Mousset on for a winger in Ibe. He needs a cutting edge now to make the most of their numerical advantage. ,0

RED CARD! Substitute Foyth has barely been on the field and, after a heavy touch, he slides in with his studs up into Simpson's knee! Another rush of blood to the head sees Spurs down to nine men at the start of the second half! ,3

Pochettino makes a double-change at half-time, with the reckless Dier being replaced by Wanyama in the first substitution. ,0

RED CARD! Son is off! Fraser fouls him but Lerma comes in late after the whistle has gone and tries to nick the ball. He's furious and shoves the Bournemouth midfielder to the ground, and is shown a straight red card! Spurs down to 10 men! ,3

Ake chests the ball cleverly past Sissoko and the midfielder drags him back in midfield, picking up the third yellow card of the game.,2

The move breaks down on the edge of the Bournemouth box and King charges down the left to lead a counter-attack. Alderweireld gets across and chops King down, earning himself a yellow card.,2

TONEY STRIKES TWICE! Coolly stepping up to the ball with a short approach, Toney steers his penalty kick past the despairing dive of Pope in the Burnley goal - finding the left side of the net. That's the points wrapped up: Brentford 2-0 Burnley!,1

BURNLEY DOWN TO 10 MEN! Having been left exposed by his defensive colleagues, Collins is forced into barging over Toney in the box, and the young Irishman inevitably sees red.,3

Desperately chasing back towards his own half, Tarkowski scythes down Mbeumo in the centre circle and picks up a yellow card.,2

BRENTFORD LEAD! A rare moment of inspiration opens the door, as Eriksen whips a wonderful left-footed cross from the edge of the box towards the lurking Toney. The big striker then stoops to plant a header into the back of the net from six yards! Brentford 1-0 Burnley!,1

A quiet game comes to a premature end for Weghorst, who will be replaced by Rodriguez for the final quarter of the match.,0

GOAL! 4-0 Inter, and 5-0 on aggregate. This is getting cruel now. Vecino slides Perisic clear down the left and the winger cuts back for Politano to hit the ball home. ,1

GOAL! 3-0 Inter on the night, and Perisic gets the goal he deserves. Rapid mess up the corner and Perisic is set through on goal by Candreva. Strebinger rushes out, Perisic beats him, and the Croat chips the ball into the net despite Muldur's last-ditch attempt to keep it out. 4-0 Inter on aggregate.,1

Ranocchia is shown the yellow card for a foul on Pavlovic. Rapid have a free-kick about 40 yards out. Schobesberger takes and it goes out for a Rapid corner.,2

Bolingoli-Mbombo fouls Politano in the centre of the park. That'll be the Rapid man's last action of the game - he's replaced by Schobesberger.,0

Rapid boss Dietmar Kuhbauer makes two changes, probably too late. Ivan goes off for the young Turk Muldur.,0

GOAL! 2-0 Inter, 3-0 on aggregate, and this tie looks done already. Rapid make a hash of heading away the free-kick and Ranocchia strikes a tame shot on the volley that somehow bobbles past Strebinger into the far bottom corner. Decent technique, but a poor goal for Rapid to concede.,1

It's the second yellow of the game as Hofmann commits a nasty looking challenge on Martinez. He'll miss the next game now if Rapid go through.,2

Asamoah is booked for arriving late on Potzmann. Not a malicious challenge, but not one he wants to make a habit of making.,2

GOAL! 1-0 INTER! It's Vecino who got it, and that will relieve Martinez's blushes massively. The striker somehow missed a tap-in from two yards from Candreva's left-wing cross, only kicking air, but Vecino arrived on the scene to smash the ball into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! PEDRI NOTCHES BARCA'S FIFTH!!!! 5-2!!!! The teenager slots the ball home at the back post to notch his first goal in LaLiga. Sergi Roberto is the architect with a sublime low ball across the face of goal. Pedri races in unmarked to scoop a left-footed strike into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MESSI PUTS THE GAME BEYOND DOUBT!!! 4-2!!!! The Argentine hammers home his second of the game. Sergi Roberto releases Messi in the right inside channel with a brilliant backheel. The forward holds his composure as he rifles a powerful left-footed stirke past Bravo into the top-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MORON HANDS BETIS A LIFELINE!!!! 3-2!!!! The visitors are back in the game, despite being down to 10 men. Moreno runs at the Barca defence down the left flank and forces a low ball into the box. No one picks up Moron in the middle and he blasts a strike into the right corner of the net from six yards out. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MESSI CONVERTS!!!! 3-1 BARCELONA!!!! The Argentine shows Griezmann how it should be done from 12 yards. Messi hammers his effort high into the top-right corner away from the hand of Bravo into the back of the net. ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GRIEZMANN SCORES!!!! 2-1 BARCELONA!!!! The Frenchman atones for his miss in the first half, but Messi must take a huge credit for the goal. Alba surges down the left flank and sends a low ball towards the Argentine. Bravo and Mandi commit themselves as Messi shapes to shoot. However, he dummies the cross and allows Griezmann to coast in behind him to slot the ball into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SANABRIA LEVELS BEFORE THE BREAK!! 1-1!! Betis are back in the game on the stroke of half-time. Canales is allowed to surge at the Barca defence before offloading to Tello on the left flank. He sends a low cross into the middle that finds its way to Sanabria, who pokes a strike past Ter Stegen from six yards out. The perfect time to score for the visitors.,1

Sergi Roberto tries to raid past Moreno, but gets pulled back by the Betis left-back. Moreno is booked by the referee.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DEMBELE PUTS BARCA AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The Frenchman scores a stunner to find the back of the net. Dembele collects a pass from Griezmann in the right inside channel and cuts back on to his left foot. He launches a powerful effort into the top-left corner giving Bravo no chance. A super effort from the winger.,1

McArthur has had a solid afternoon, notching the assist for Townsend's strike. He makes way now for Schlupp.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! PEDRO CONVERTS!!!! 3-1 CHELSEA! The Blues take control of the contest as the Spaniard converts in the box. Chelsea build down the left flank and Alonso is afforded space and time to fire a low cross into the penalty area. Palace fail to cut out the danger and Pedro times his run before firing past Hennessey from 10 yards.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!! MORATA NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!! CHELSEA 2-1!!! Morata restores Chelsea's advantage with a fine finish at the back post. Hazard's free-kick into the box travelled all the way through to the forward beyond the back stick. He took a touch to control before drilling a left-footed effort towards the target. It made its way through a crowd of players before finding the bottom corner. Relief for the Blues.,1

Sarri does call for Hazard, although the Belgian may not be at 100%. Hazard replaces Willian for the Blues.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TOWNSEND EQUALISES!!! 1-1!! Palace are level with a strike on the counter from Townsend. The winger plays a neat one-two with McArthur and bursts away from David Luiz into the box. There's still work to do on his weaker foot, but Townsend buries his effort with power into the bottom corner giving Kepa no chance. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MORATA FINDS THE NET!!! CHELSEA 1-0!!! The Spaniard opens the scoring with a neat finish from close range. Pedro caused the damage with a run into the box and he was not closed down by the Palace defence. His first strike was charged down before he scuffed his second attempt. The ball found its way to Morata, who took one touch to control before burying his strike into the bottom corner.,1

GOAAAALL - LUTON 2-3 CHELSEA - Lukaku gets his name on the scoresheet, and he has Werner to thank for a pinpoint cross. Chelsea got their key players into dangerous areas, with Werner able to find space in the box. Rather than go for goal, the German picked out Lukaku at the far post, and he flicked the ball past Isted to put his team in front.,1

GOAAAALLLLL - LUTON 2-2 CHELSEA - Werner comes good at such a crucial stage of the game as he taps home Loftus-Cheek's pass. The German stayed onside and found space to run at Isted, before poking the ball in the far corner. That was clinical from Werner, and that could give him a massive lift for the rest of the season.,1

Luton midfielder Berry has worked so far in midfield, but his night is over, with Campbell on in his place.,0

GOAAAALLL - LUTON 2-1 CHELSEA - The Blues fall behind for a second time this evening, and it is Cornick who fires home this time. Jones' men carve their way through the heart of the Chelsea defence after some quick-fire passing on the halfway line, and Cornick beat the offside trap before racing onto Gomes' pass and firing past Kepa.,1

GOAAAALLL - LUTON 1-1 CHELSEA - The Blues punish Luton on the counter as Saul finds the bottom corner to score his first goal for Chelsea. Luton lost possession in midfield, allowing Mount to pounce, who then found Werner. The German seemed to stumble on the edge of the box, but his last touch allowed the ball to roll into Saul, who curled his shot past Isted.,1

GOAAAALLL - LUTON 1-0 CHELSEA - Luton are in dreamland as Burke heads home from the corner. The Hatters defender attacked Berry's corner at the near post, and his glancing header beat Kepa as it found the far corner.,1

Vinicius sees his number go up on the board with just a minute left, and takes all the time he can to go over to the touchline. Vazquez also gets a chance to play, with the versatile player a veteran presence.,0

A defensive change as we approach stoppage time sees Rodrygo give up his place for international team-mate Militao.,0

Kroos is recalled to the bench for the final time for Real Madrid, pumping up the crowd as he makes way to a standing ovation. Modric is given five minutes to stretch his legs and see out the result.,0

A boyhood supporter of Real Madrid, Joselu comes on to represent his side in the final, with Bellingham given an early rest.,0

REAL MADRID HAVE THEIR INSURANCE! 2-0! Maatsen plays the ball square just outside his 18-yard box for Schlotterbeck, with the centre-back and Hummels not on the same page. Bellingham pops up to intercept the pass before feeding it forward for Vinicius, who finishes past Kobel with his left foot!,1

Terzic makes another swap with Borussia Dortmund running out of time to find an equaliser. Haller is thrown into the fray, with Brandt withdrawn.,0

Hummels is shown a yellow card with 11 minutes to go, sticking out a leg before catching the foot of Camavinga 20 yards from goal. It’s a free-kick for Real Madrid in a dangerous position, with the Spanish champions looking to take every second they can off the clock.,2

WITH JUST OVER 15 MINUTES TO GO - REAL MADRID TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Kroos finally makes Dortmund pay from a set-piece, delivering his corner-kick to the near post for Carvajal. The full-back attacks the delivery with gusto and sends a powerful header past both Kobel and the desperate Hummels!,1

Reus comes on in his final match for Borussia Dortmund, with the result still hanging in the balance. Adeyemi is withdrawn, with the forward disappointed to come off without a goal.,0

Sabitzer and Sancho combine to put pressure on Mendy, who holds onto possession with his back to his opponents near the corner-flag. Looking to win a foul, the full-back goes over as soon as he’s pushed from behind, which sparks Sabitzer into a rage at the linesman. It’s a yellow card for the Dortmund midfielder, with 120 seconds left in the half.,2

Looking to stop a counter-attack at the outset, Ryerson and Hummels combine to knock Vinicius off the ball; illegally in the eyes of the referee. Schlotterbeck comes across to protest his team-mates’ innocence but he’s shown a yellow card for dissent instead.,2

The first yellow card of the match is shown to Vinicius with 10 minutes to go in the first half. A little overzealous in his pressing, the Brazil international mistimes his sliding challenge on Kobel and sends him to the ground holding his knee.,2

RED CARD! Benteke has been shown a red card after the final whistle, it appears to be for a coming together with Konsa after the game has ended.,3

Palace make another substitution, with Milivojevic heading off the pitch, passing the captains armband to Dann. Meyer is the man coming on.,0

Another Palace player is booked now, with Milivojevic tripping and then having a little bit of afters with Grealish.,2

Palace make a double change now, the first sees Ayew come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Townsend.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Trezeguet with his second goal of the game to put Villa 2-0 ahead! McGinn whips a cross into the box, which is headed clear, but only to Hourihane, who feeds Trezeguet in the box and he pokes it past Guaita and into the back of the net from close range. Poor defending from Palace to allow Trezeguet the time to turn and pick his spot.,1

Kouyate is booked for his late challenge on Douglas Luiz, with the Villa man just getting to the ball ahead of his opponent.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Villa lead 1-0 just before the break! Grealish is fouled around 30 yards out and Hourihane whips the free-kick into the penalty area, which Palace fail to deal with and it gets all the way to the back post where Trezeguet was waiting and he drills the ball past Guaita and into the back of the net. Huge goal for the hosts.,1

Here is the enforced Villa substitution, with Taylor heading off and he has been replaced by Targett.,0

Sakho is also booked for Palace, so the centre-back will have to be careful for the rest of the game.,2

A few yellow cards being issued now after the coming together, with Mings booked for his reaction to Zaha's challenge on his team-mate.,2

Cooper makes two changes. Awoniyi may have scored the winner that keeps Forest in the division. He is on his way off and is being replaced by Johnson. He will be able to stretch the pitch with his pace.,0

Gibbs-White controls the ball on the halfway line and turns past Gabriel. The centre-back knows that he has gone past him and trips the Forest man. They clash heads before being separated.,2

Danilo is making his way off the pitch slowly. Cooper is looking to keep the clean sheet and adds a more defensive midfielder to the side, bringing on Kouyate for the final 17 minutes.,0

Arsenal make a change during the stop. Trossard has been one of Arsenal's main creators since joining the club but has not been able to make an impact today. Vieira is on.,0

Kiwior did not look comfortable in the left-back position and is now coming off. Tierney takes his place.,0

Arteta has seen enough and is making a couple of changes. He adds another attack to the mix, with Nketiah replacing Xhaka,0

Jesus has his hands in the air and is looking at the referee and the linesman. He tries to get on the end of a throughball from White, but his shirt is pulled by Worrall. He is shown a yellow card for his complaints.,2

GOALLLL! AWONIYI SCORES! 1-0 FOREST! A huge goal for Forest in the battle against relegation. Odegaard gives the ball straight to Gibbs-White, who drives through the middle of the pitch before sending a throughball into the feet of Awoniyi inside the box. Gabriel comes across to put a tackle in, but the ball hits the striker and goes past Ramsdale in the Arsenal net.,1

BARNES SCORES AGAIN! It's a long ball over the top from Soyuncu that causes Fulham a problem as Duffy tries to head it back to Leno, who had moved to catch the cross. He scrambles to push it away from Daka, but the substitute reacts quickly to tee up Barnes, who drills it into the net. 5-3!,1

Fulham are making a triple change of their own now. Willian won't have the chance to go for a hat-trick as he's replaced by Solomon.,0

MADDISON SCORES! After having a penalty saved against Everton last week, he makes no mistake with this one! He goes for the same corner that Vardy did, but this time, Leno goes the wrong way. He fires it down the right and it's now 5-2!,1

WILLIAN SCORES AGAIN! And what a goal it is! Palhinha is brought down by Soumare, but Fulham keep it alive through Reed as he switches it out to Willian on the opposite flank. He cuts inside, and the space just opens up for him so he has a go from range. He whips it out of Iversen's reach and into the back of the net. 5-1 Fulham!,1

Leicester are making their second change in the aftermath of their goal. Tielemans is taken off, with Ndidi replacing him.,0

BARNES PULLS ONE BACK! Tielemans plays it long over the top for Castagne, and he volleys a cross in from the byline. Maddison thinks about shooting, but unselfishly cushions it into Barnes instead. He goes for power, firing his shot in off the underside of the bar. 4-1!,1

Maddison isn't happy that a free-kick didn't go his way, and now that play has stopped, he's complaining to the referee. He's booked for dissent.,2

CAIRNEY SCORES AGAIN! It's a wonderful goal from Fulham! They win it deep in their own half, and Reed spreads it out to Kenny Tete on the right. He surges down the right, leaving Soumare behind before he curls a lovely low cross into the box. Cairney's first touch bounces up nicely and he slides the half-volley past Iversen. 4-0 Fulham!,1

There's a change for the Foxes at the break. Praet is taken off, with Mateus Tete coming on in his place.,0

CAIRNEY SCORES! Leicester gift a goal to Fulham! Faes rushes a clearance out from the back and Palhinha is there to win it back. He slots it through to Vinicius, who does well to hold off Soyuncu so he can pick out Cairney. He gets it out of his feet, and the space opens up as he drills it into the far bottom corner. 3-0 Fulham!,1

Frustration gets the better of Barnes as he kicks out a leg to stop Wilson's run. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

VINICIUS SCORES! Soumare is caught on the ball by Palhinha and Fulham surge upfield on the counter. Leicester are all over the place at the back as Wilson threads it into Vinicius on the edge of the box and he keeps his cool to slot it past Iversen into the bottom right corner. 2-0 Fulham!,1

WILLIAN SCORES! Fulham win a free-kick on the left wing, and he swings a dangerous ball into the box. It's in front of everyone in the crowd, but Ivernsen misjudges the bounce right in front of him and it goes past him and straight into the back of the net. 1-0 Fulham!,1

Atletico are forced into an early second half substitution as Joao Felix is replaced by Torreira. The forward goes off due to an injury picked up right at the end of first half.,0

GOOAAAAALLLLL!!! 1-1. BETIS ARE LEVEL THROUGH TELLO!!! A perfect response from the hosts. Moreno delivers a fantastic ball into the box from the left wing and Tello volleys into the far bottom corner from 10 yards out. It’s a delicious finish from the midfielder.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 TO ATLETICO. CARRASCO!!!! It’s a very early breakthrough for Simeone’s men. Joao Felix finds Correa in the box and he beats the onrushing goalkeeper to the ball. The forward then plays a smart pass backwards and there’s Carrasco to turn home under no pressure from close range.,1

GOAAALLLL - TOTTENHAM 2-0 MARSEILLE - The French outfit failed to learn their lessons from the first goal, and it is Richarlison who heads home from inside the penalty area. After their corner was cleared, Spurs recycled possession with Hojbjerg, but he wasted no time in crossing to the far post. Richarlison waited until the last second before throwing himself at the cross to head past Lopez.,1

GOAAAALLLL - TOTTENHAM 1-0 MARSEILLE - Richarlison finally gets the home fans on their feet as he scores Spurs' first goal in the Champions League this season. Perisic will take the credit for the delivery, as his cross was straight into the path of Richarlison. The Brazilian did the rest as he headed past Lopez after being left unmarked.,1

Dier is now in the book after jumping into the back of Suarez, although replays suggest that was a tad harsh from the official.,2

SENT OFF!!! Mbemba is shown a straight red card after bringing down Son. The Marseille defender was the last man, and he clipped Son as he was just about to enter the penalty area.,3

SIMMS EQUALISES! It's a simple long ball over the top from Mykolenko that picks out Doucoure and he chests it down to Simms on the left. He brushes Koulibaly aside to get into the box before having a quick glance up and firing his low shot past Kepa and into the far bottom corner for his first Everton goal. 2-2!,1

Chelsea's final change of the game is a double one. Joao Felix is the first to make way, with Chukwuemeka replacing him.,0

Everton are making their first change as they try to get back on level terms. Gueye is taken off, with Simms on for him.,0

HAVERTZ SCORES! It's cool as you like by the German! He takes a short run-up to the ball and stops in front of it, trying to force Pickford into moving. He then lifts it over the keeper, who is diving the wrong way, and into the top of the goal. 2-1 Chelsea!,1

James gets into an argument with Coleman following the decision to award the penalty, and he's booked for dissent.,2

DOUCOURE EQUALISES! It's a better cross in from McNeil on the other side and Tarkowski gets highest on the far side on the edge of the six-yard box. His header loops towards goal, and Doucoure is in the right place to help it on again. Havertz hooks it away, but goal-line technology intervenes to say it did go in. 1-1!,1

Chelsea have a corner, but before they can take it, Potter chooses to make his first change. Pulisic is taken off, with Gallagher replacing him.,0

Koulibaly raced across to close down Iwobi and cut off the winger's run. He got nowhere near the ball and picks up a booking.,2

JOAO FELIX SCORES! Chelsea's pressure has finally paid off! Yet again, it's switched out to Chilwell on the left, and he volleys it into the box first time. Keane is off-balance as he tries to clear it, and he pokes it as far as the winger, whose low shot trickles past Pickford and goes in off the inside of the post. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

McNeil has three attempts at bringing Fernandez down, sliding in to trip him with the last one. It gives Chelsea a free-kick right on the edge of the box and earns him a booking.,2

Now that the ball has finally gone out of play, the referee calls Gueye over to show him a yellow card for that earlier foul on Pulisic.,2

Silva makes another change, and Fulham look happy to hold what they have. Iwobi takes his time to depart as Lukic replaces him.,0

Wilson is cautioned for clear tactical foul to stop Gilmour on halfway. The Wales international pleads his innocence, but he has no case.,2

Brighton make another change as they look to get back on top. Joao Pedro replaces the opening goalscorer Ferguson.,0

Robinson receives the first booking of the game for a late challenge on Buonanotte on halfway. The Brighton substitute was about to break into Fulham territory but was cynically chopped down.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! PALHINHA LEVELS! Wow. Fulham are level out of nowhere! Brighton lose the ball while playing out from the back, with Iwobi pressing high before feeding Wilson, who in turn picks out Palhinha. The midfielder – who should probably have been sent off in the first half – finds the top-right corner with a brilliant strike from the edge of the D. 1-1!,1

Jimenez is withdrawn after yet another Premier League outing without a goal. Muniz replaces the frustrated Mexican.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL! FERGUSON WITH THE OPENER! Brighton's dominance pays off as Ferguson strokes the ball past Leno from the edge of the box. Reed's loose pass is cut out by Igor, who advances over halfway before finding Gross. He slips a neat pass into the feet of Ferguson, who turns and finds the bottom-left corner with a lovely side-footed finish!,1

Pavard gives the ball away and tries to make up for it, but ends up catching Pantovic in his attempts to do so. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Final change for Bochum now as they try to see this win out. Rexhbecaj is taken off and replaced by Masovic.,0

Holtmann's departure means that all of Bochum's first-half goalscorers have been taken off. Pantovic replaces him.,0

There's a triple change for Bochum now, and it's Locadia that's making way first, with Polter on for him.,0

Bayern are making another change on the back of that goal. Coman is taken off, with Sabitzer on to replace him.,0

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! Kimmich clips another good free-kick into the box and Soares makes first contact before Stafylidis heads his clearance straight at Lewandowski. He's given too much space, and he has time to bring it down before drilling it through the crowd into the far bottom corner. 4-2!,1

Bochum are making their first change of the game now and it's Gamboa that's going off for Stafylidis.,0

Gamboa tugs back Lewandowski to stop his run into the box and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

There's a change at the break for Bayern, as they go back to three at the back. Upamecano is taken off, with Tolisso on in his place.,0

WHAT A GOAL! It doesn't look like there's anything on for Holtmann after he's slid in by Rexhbecaj, but after bundling the ball past Pavard, the space opens up for him. He takes the shot from the edge of the box and gives Ulreich no chance as it curls into the far top corner. The Bochum fans can't believe it and it's 4-1 to the hosts!,1

GAMBOA SCORES! And it's a lovely finish! The right-back slides the ball through Coman's legs before taking it past Kimmich and Sule to get into the box. He has a quick glance up before curling a shot past Ulreich with the outside of his boot and into the far side of the net. 3-1 Bochum!,1

LOCADIA SCORES! It's a great spot-kick from Locadia as he drills his effort low into the bottom left corner. Ulreich guessed the right way, but the precision beats him as it nestles into the back of the net. 2-1 Bochum!,1

ANTWI-ADJEI EQUALISES! Locadia drops deep to get on the ball and quickly switches it out to Holtmann on the left. He whips a brilliant cross into Antwi-Adjei on the edge of the box. Sule drops off, giving him time to open up the angle and curl a shot into Ulreich's near post. 1-1!,1

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! It's a lovely cross into the far post from Muller to pick out Coman, and he does well to cushion it down for Lewandowski. He stretches to take it away from Leitsch and spins before bundling it past Esser and into the back of the net from close range. 1-0 Bayern!,1

VAZQUEZ!!! 3-1! GAME OVER! Real put the game to bed after hitting Eibar with a devastating counter. Vazquez plays a neat one-two with Benzema, before racing away and beating Dmitrovic from a tight angle.,1

A blatant handball from Arbilla to prevent Modric getting in behind the defence. He can have no complaints as the yellow card is waved in his direction.,2

WHAT A GOAL FROM KIKE! 2-1! Eibar are right back in this! Real are caught in possession and the hosts ruthlessly capitalise as the skipper receives the ball in space, before beautifully bending it into the top corner from 25 yards.,1

MODRIC!!! 2-0! Los Blancos press home their advantage! The scorer of the first goal, Benzema is the provider of the second as he gets in behind the defence before cutting the ball back for Modric, who sweeps it into the roof of the net.,1

BENZEMA!!! 1-0 REAL! The visitors have the early lead! Benzema times his run to latch onto Rodrygo's lofted through ball, before slotting under the dive of Dmitrovic.,1

GOALLL! RICHARLISON! Everton win a free-kick which Sigurdsson delivers into the box finding the Brazillian who powers a header towards the far post and into the bottom corner.,1

Norwood picks up a booking for a strong tackle on Richarlison. The referee hesitated before giving the foul and it looks like a harsh decision.,2

GOAALLLLL! MADRID TAKE AN EARLY LEAD! 1-0! Bursting towards the near post, Militao latches onto a corner from Modric and heads the ball past Soria. It's their fastest goal this season and their fourth inside 15 minutes.,1

Elustondo is the latest La Real player to go into the book. The Spanish side have now received four yellow cards.,2

There's another change for Inter. Asllani will come into the midfield with Calhanoglu leaving the pitch.,0

There's a change at the back for Inter as Bastoni enters the fray. Dimarco is the player to make way.,0

Zubeldia's game is over, with Elustondo coming on in his place and slotting into the La Real defence.,0

Kubo is booked for simulation after going down inside the box. The referee originally gave a penalty, but on review has booked the La Real winger.,2

Inter try to break through the middle with Frattesi, but Zakharyan drags him to the ground and is booked.,2

BAYERN BAG FOUR! Gnabry's close-range shot is saved low down by the exposed Flekken, before the Bayern forward re-gathers the ball and combines with Sane to try again. The ball ultimately breaks to Sabitzer near the penalty spot, and the substitute does not have to be asked twice before slipping the ball into an unguarded net.,1

For a trip on Weisshaupt near the right byline, Upamecano is the first Bayern player to be booked today.,2

Tolisso is the latest man to make way for Bayern, as Sule completes his return to fitness by making a late cameo from the bench.,0

3-1 BAYERN! Coman strikes surely the decisive blow, as he takes the ball into his stride with consummate ease and powers a low shot past Flekken at the Dutch keeper's near post. That was no more than the Bayern winger's performance deserved, as he has shone brightly today.,1

BAYERN BACK IN FRONT! Incredibly, another 'supersub' strike puts the visitors 2-1 up, as Gnabry's first intervention since leaving the bench sees him pounce on a Schlotterbeck slip to take in Hernandez's crossfield pass, before confidently firing past the stranded Flekken!,1

Nagelsmann is making a more radical switch of personnel now, as French full-back Pavard comes off and Germany forward Gnabry is sent on.,0

FREIBURG EQUALISE! Former Bayern man Petersen strikes, just moments after springing from the bench, as he stepped onto a cute reverse pass by Gunter to turn the ball coolly past Neuer and into the bottom-left corner. Freiburg are back on level terms at 1-1!,1

Surprisingly, Lewandowski is substituted too, with the fresh legs of Musiala coming on in his place. Fitness must be a contributing factor in such a change.,0

Goalscorer Goretzka's comeback game is brought to an early end, as he makes way for Tolisso in midfield.,0

BAYERN LEAD! From a free-kick on the left side of the area, 30 yards out, Kimmich curls in a high cross, which is met by the forehead of Goretzka just ahead of Flekken, and the ball nestles into the back of the net! It has taken a set-piece to unlock this stubborn Freiburg side, but Bayern now take a 1-0 lead!,1

GOOOAL! Egan makes it 1-1! Osborn receives the ball on the edge of the box before clipping it into a dangerous area, and Sharp produces an excellent headed flick to direct into the path of Egan who powers it into the top right-hand corner from near the back post.,1

GOOOAL! Tarkowski makes it 1-0 to Burnley! McNeil's free-kick from the left is flicked towards the back post by Rodriguez and it drops to Tarkowski who gets in front of McBurnie before sidefooting it home.,1

Smith Rowe makes way after making a decisive impact this afternoon, scoring the second goal. He makes way for Kolasinac for the closing stages.,0

Evans pulls back Aubameyang as the two players battle for the ball in the air. The Leicester man goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SMITH ROWE HAMMERS HOME!!!!! 2-0 ARSENAL!!!!! The Gunners continue their outstanding start to the game as Smith Rowe blasts home a strike from 12 yards. Saka and Lacazette provide pressure on the Leicester defence with driving runs into the box. The Foxes fail to clear the danger before Smith Rowe pounces on the loose ball. He takes on his effort first time, drilling his right-footed strike past Schmeichel.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! GABRIEL HEADS ARSENAL IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Gunners take the lead courtesy of a fine header from Gabriel. Saka whips a corner in towards the near post from the right flank. Gabriel attacks the delivery in a crowded penalty area and glances his effort away from Schmeichel into the top-left corner. Arsenal have the perfect start.,1

Tettey lets Buendia down with his pass out from the back. Aarons retrieves the ball and takes on United's midfield by himself before fouling Garner.,2

GOAL! 3-1 NORWICH! Hernandez gives Norwich fans at least something to cheer as he nicks the ball off McTominay in midfield, powers through the middle and pokes the ball past De Gea. He's been Norwich's one bright spark today.,1

United substitution. James - who's continuing his bright start to his United career - goes off. Lingard will replace him for the last 10 minutes.,0

GOAL! 3-0 UNITED! There's no way back for Norwich now. Martial plays a double one-two with Rashford and Martial clips the ball over Krul from a tight angle. A superbly taken goal. ,1

Norwich work the ball down their right and Young slides in wildly on Aarons, who's knocked the ball past him. A yellow card is his punishment. 'VAR!' the fans shout. ,2

Second, Leitner is replaced by Stiepermann. Norwich need more power in midfield to fight their way back into this.,0

A double change for Norwich at half-time. First, Cantwell is replaced by the rapid Cuban winger Hernandez.,0

Wan-Bissaka receives a yellow card for a nasty late challenge on Lewis. He's lucky not to see red for that.,2

GOAL! 2-0 UNITED! Rashford latches onto a cross from the right and lashes the ball past Krul. That was too easy.,1

Godfrey gets booked, to add insult to injury. Norwich fans will debate that decision. Never mind. Rashford steps up to take the penalty...,2

GOAL! 1-0 UNITED! The visitors get a second corner that Norwich fail to clear away. Pereira fizzes the ball back into the box and it deflects to McTominay, who skids a shot into the net first-time.,1

Crotone broke quickly on the counter and Calabria is booked after he stops the move by pulling back Riviere.,2

Crotone are making a double change now as well. Vulic is being brought off, with Petriccione on in his place.,0

Rispoli is late as he tracks back to stop Hernandez's run and he gives away a free-kick as well as picking up a booking.,2

Crotone are making their second change of the game and it's Benali that's coming off with an injury and Henrique replaces him.,0

MILAN HAVE THREE! The corner is swung in for Milan and Rebic is at the back of the crowd of players. Golemic misses it ahead of him and he sends his header back across goal and into the back of the net. 3-0 Milan!,1

MILAN HAVE THREE! The corner is swung in for Milan and Rebic is at the back of the crowd of players. Golemic misses it ahead of him and he sends his header back across goal and into the back of the net. 3-0 Milan!,1

IBRAHIMOVIC SCORES AGAIN! The Crotone defenders are drawn towards Hernandez's run so they don't pick up Ibrahimovic in space at the far post. It's squared to him and he's left with a simple tap-in for his second of the game. 2-0 Milan! ,1

Saelemaekers picks up the first yellow card of the game after he leaves his foot hanging to catch Pereira and he gives away a free-kick in a good position on the left for Crotone.,2

MILAN LEAD! Ibrahimovic starts the move with a one-two from the edge of the box to open up space for himself of the left of the area. He runs onto the return pass, firing his shot across goal and into the far side of the net. 1-0 Milan! ,1

GOAL! 4-0! Sane doubles his tally for the game right at the death. Mahrez and Jesus combine down the right, with the latter then floating a pass across the box to the far post. Sane smashes home to add the icing on the cake in what is a routine victory.,1

Second change of the game for City as Mahrez replaces Sterling, who earns a deserved rest after scoring and providing an assist in the game.,0

West Ham make a change at the break, introducing Cresswell for Masuaku - who had been poor in the first period.,0

GOOOAL! 3-0! City do get their third! After being denied by a strong challenge moments ago, Sterling returns the favour to Sane for his earlier assist by playing the ball into the Germany winger. He turns superbly to beat both Balbuena and Fabianski, slotting home into a gaping net.,1

GOOOOAL! 2-0! Sane easily beats Zabaleta one-one-one and drives a low ball across the face of goal, which Sterling tucks home at the far post with ease.,1

GOOOAL! 1-0 Manchester City! Guardiola's side move the ball around superbly and Walker combines with Sterling down the right as the pair exploit huge gaps within West Ham's defence. Sterling's ball into the middle takes a deflection off Masuaku but still finds David Silva, who pokes home past Fabianski.,1

The hosts are back in it!!! Odegaard shoots from miles out, and it takes a big deflection off Welbeck and loops over Sanchez to make it 2-1. Can they pull off the comeback?,1

Potter makes a defensive change, putting on Webster for Trossard as he looks to protect his side's lead.,0

What a goal!!! The Seagulls double their lead with a sublime finish from Mwepu. Caicedo digs the ball back from the byline to his teammate on the edge of the box, and the Zambian midfielder fires first-time into the bottom corner to make it 2-0.,1

Saka is booked for simulation, after going down softly under a challenge from Dunk. It appears to be the right decision from the referee, with very minimal contact.,2

The referee David Coote gives Odegaard a booking for clattering into Cucurella, as the Spaniard looked to break upfield.,2

Brighton take the lead!!! It's a brilliant team goal that puts them in front, as a clever move ends with Mwepu rolling the ball back to Trossard in the middle of the box. The Belgian shoots first time, and places it perfectly into the top corner to make it 1-0 to the visitors.,1

Brave move from Favre to replace Haaland when he can score a hat-trick but off he comes, with Reus entering the game.,0

Reyna has caught the eye tonight but his evening is over. Brandt makes his way onto the pitch in his place.,0

Rits has only been on for a matter of minutes but he is already shown a card after a challenge on Guerreiro on the edge of the box.,2

GOAAALLLLLL BORUSSIA DORTMUND 3-0 CLUB BRUGGE - who else? Haaland has his second, and that means he now has seven goals in his last three matches in all competitions. The visitors have nobody to blame but themselves as Vormer fails to clear his lines and passes the ball back towards Haaland, who would have been offside. Like the predator that he is, he doesn't even take a touch before smashing the ball into the far corner. What a player!,1

O MY WORDDDDD!!!! BORUSSIA DORTMUND 2-0 CLUB BRUGGE - Sancho is the man of the moment as he curls the ball into the top corner from the free-kick. Favre has his head in his hands in disbelief and Dortmund have their second at such a crucial time. His shot had the perfect amount of curl and Mignolet is helpless as the ball sails into the top corner.,1

GOAAALLLL!!!! BORUSSIA DORTMUND 1-0 CLUB BRUGGE - It's Haaland! Once again he does the business inside the box, and Dortmund have their lead. It all came about after Mignolet's clearance was intercepted and Sancho pounced before playing in his team-mate. Haaland stayed onside, adjusted his feet and slotted the ball home. Superb play!,1

Wolves have also made a substitution, with Corbeanu coming on to make his Wolves debut and he replaces Silva.,0

Tottenham make their first substitution now, with Lo Celso coming off and he has been replaced by Winks.,0

Here comes the first Wolves change of the game, with Ferreira the man coming off and he has been replaced by Willian Jose.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Hojbjerg doubles Tottenham’s lead, it’s 2-0! Hoever loses a battle for the ball with Reguilon near the corner flag and the left-back slides it into the path of Son, who turns and passes to Bale on the edge of the box. The Welshman sees his shot saved by Patricio, but the keeper doesn’t push the ball out wide enough and Hojbjerg races in and fires it into the back of the net from close range.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Kane fires Tottenham into the lead just before the break, it's 1-0! The striker sneaks in behind the Wolves defence, after a through ball by Hojbjerg and Kane just manages to stay onside and he then takes his time, skipping past the challenge from Coady and then firing the ball into the bottom right corner of the net.,1

The referee brandishes a yellow card in the direction of Ostigard, who furiously protests a free-kick he feels should be given inside his own penalty area.,2

Pedro is trusted to see out the remainder of the game, with Isaksen coming off without a goal to his name despite a couple of great opportunities.,0

Napoli hand out another debut, with Dendoncker - who has just arrived from Aston Villa - sent into the fray to relieve Zielinski.,0

Mazzarri makes a change on the right wing, with Lindstrom given six minutes to impress in Politano's spot.,0

Ngonge is caught from behind by Cataldi, who gives away a free-kick in a central position 24 yards from goal. It's also a yellow card for the Lazio midfielder, whose clumsy challenge has earned him a place in the referee's book.,2

Mazzocchi comes on looking for a better showing than his debut for his hometown club - in which he was red carded after just four minutes. Having served the suspension, he replaces Rui at left wing-back.,0

Raspadori comes off after 79 rather uneventful minutes, with new signing Ngonge sent on for his first action as a Napoli player.,0

Sarri’s first change of the game for Lazio is a straight swap at left-back, with Lazzari replaced by Pellegrini.,0

Gila looks to beat Politano to the ball and clear the danger but the Napoli winger manages to sneak in a final touch before being clattered by the defender. It’s a yellow card for Gila, Lazio’s second booking of the game.,2

The first substitution of the game goes the way of Napoli, who make a change in midfield as the booked Demme is replaced by Gaetano.,0

Politano skips past Romagnoli on the touchline in front of the technical areas and looks to put in a cross but he’s taken down by a cynically outstretched leg, which earns the Lazio centre-back a yellow card.,2

Demme slides into a challenge on Anderson and misses both the ball and the man with his right foot, before hooking his left across to make sure of contact. He brings the winger down right under the nose of the referee and is immediately shown a yellow card - the first of the game for either side.,2

GOALL!!!!! 2-1 HAALAND!!!! Man City take the lead in stunning fashion! Cancelo sends a cross to the back post with the outside of his boot and Haaland scores against his old club with an acrobatic finish.,1

GOALL!!!! 1-1 STONES!!! Stones has scored an absolute screamer to equalise this game! He receives the ball outside the edge of the box and fires the ball towards the near post. Meyer could have saved it but does not even try.,1

Malen replaces Reyna in the Dortmund frontline to add extra pace to a potential Dortmund counter-attack.,0

GOAL!!!!!!! 1-0 BELLINGHAM!!!! Dortmund take a well-deserved lead through Bellingham! The corner is initially cleared to Reus, who crosses it back into the box and Bellingham flicks it past Ederson.,1

Alexander-Arnold goes into the book for dissent after catching Vinicius with a stray arm. There was not a great deal in the incident, but his reaction earned him the card.,2

Zidane shows his hand withdrawing Asensio and replacing the Spaniard with Valverde. The Frenchman looks to be content with a two-goal lead.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VINCIUS NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!! MADRID 3-1!!! Los Blancos restore their two-goal lead as Vinicius powers an effort through Alisson. Benzema works an offload to Modric on the right edge of the box and he sends a simple pass to the Brazilian. Vinicius shoots first time and his strike travels through the legs of Phillips. Alisson gets a hand to the ball, but he can only palm it into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SALAH GETS LIVERPOOL BACK IN THE GAME!!!! 2-1!!!! The visitors have a vital away goal as Salah scores from close range. Jota works his way through the Madrid defence and he sees his shot trickle into the path of Salah. The forward takes a touch before burying his strike past Courtois from six yards out. VAR has a check for offside, but the Egyptian is level with Vazquez, which allows the goal to stand.,1

Keita is withdrawn by Klopp before the break. Thiago replaces the midfielder, who did not appear to be injured.,0

Mane is booked for his continued protests to the referee about not being awarded a free-kick in the build-up to the Madrid goal.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ASENSIO CAPITALISES ON A MISTAKE FROM ALEXANDER-ARNOLD!!!! 2-0!!!!! The Liverpool defender makes a terrible error at the back directing a header straight to Asensio, who converts from close range. Kroos floats a ball over the top, which seems innocuous enough. However, Alexander-Arnold directs a risky header back towards Alisson. Asensio latches on to the ball and knocks it over the Liverpool keeper before dispatching an effort into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VINCIUS HAMMERS MADRID IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!! Kroos floats a delightful ball over the top for the run of the Brazilian, who applies a sublime finish on the half-volley. The German puts a precise long ball forward for Vinicius as he bursts in behind Phillips and Kabak. He controls it with his chest and it sits up nicely for him to bury on his right foot past Alisson.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GOMEZ SCORES THIS TIME!!!!! 2-0 VALENCIA!!!!! The home side double their advantage on the counter as Gomez places his strike into the bottom-right corner. Torres is the architect as he collects on the right flank and turns away from Umtit. He spots Gomez in acres of space and releases the forward. He takes a touch to steady himself before curling his strike around Sergi Roberto and past Ter Stegen into the back of the net.,1

Coquelin takes one for the team for the home side, dragging down Messi on the counter when Barca have numbers in the final third.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! 1-0 VALENCIA!!!! The home side take the lead as Gomez's strike beats Ter Stegen with the aid of a deflection from Alba. Gomez begins the surge at goal first seeing a low cross travelling agonisingly away from Gameiro. Gaya keeps the attack alive and swings a cross back into the box. Gomez collects in the right inside channel and powers an effort towards goal that deflects off Alba to find the back of the net.,1

Sema spins away from Olise and when he threatens to break away, the Frenchman sticks out a leg to trip him. He has no complaints as he's shown a yellow card.,2

King's frustration gets the better of him as he barges into the back of Andersen. He made no attempt to play the ball and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Samir hasn't been moving comfortably since picking up that earlier knee injury. He's taken off in Watford's final change, with Troost-Ekong replacing him.,0

Palace are also making a change as Guehi is helped off the field by the medical team. Mitchell is coming on at left-back, with Ward moving to partner Andersen in central defence.,0

Dennis has struggled to make any sort of impact today, and he's taken off, with Masina coming on to fill the spot left by Kamara after his sending off.,0

KAMARA IS SENT OFF! Things are going from bad to worse for Watford! Olise is threatening to break forward down the right and Kamara desperately pushes him off the side of the pitch to stop him. He's shown his second yellow card of the game before being sent down the tunnel.,3

Hughes clips the back of Dennis' heels with a clumsy challenge, and he's the first Palace player to go into the referee's book.,2

Palace are making their first change of the game now and it's Gallagher that's going off for Schlupp.,0

Cleverley slowly makes his way off the field with the medical team, and Sema is coming on to replace him.,0

ZAHA SCORES! He had to wait a long time to take it, but it doesn't faze Zaha! It's a good penalty and he just waits for Foster to shift to his right before coolly curling his penalty into the opposite side of the net. 1-0 Palace!,1

Kamara loses the ball and then takes Edouard's legs out from under him in an attempt to make up for his mistake. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

BRIGHTON HAVE THREE! A brilliant performance by the visitors is capped off when Ramsdale can only parry Undav's shot into the path of Estupinan, who has persistenly strode into the Arsenal area today. He then fires home from 10 yards to make it 3-0 to the Seagulls!,1

A foul on Mitoma sees Partey shown yellow, and the Ghana midfielder has struggled to keep up with the pace of this game since arriving from the bench.,2

BRIGHTON SEAL IT! Only seconds after seeing a speculative shot easily saved, Undav reacts first when Trossard's loose pass deflects his way via Gross. From the edge of the area, the substitute then lofts the ball over a stranded Ramsdale and into the back of the net! Game over, surely; is the title race over too?,1

Arsenal make their final two changes, in hope of turning the result their way during the closing stages. First, Jesus is replaced by Nketiah up front.,0

Brighton make their first substitution, as ex-Arsenal man Welbeck replaces Gilmour for the final half-hour.,0

BRIGHTON LEAD! Finally rewarded for bossing the ball today, the Seagulls swoop first! Mitoma beats White twice on the left, then lays the ball off to Estupinan near the byline. At the second attempt, the full-back picks out Enciso in the centre, and the teenager simply nods in from close range!,1

An early injury to Martinelli means that Trossard will have more than an hour to impress against his former club.,0

RED CARD FOR FERNANDEZ! Levante waste a corner and Madrid counter quickly. Fernandez slides out of his box to sweep up a throughball and handles the ball while doing so. It's accidental but it's an obvious red card, and Levante will have to see out the last few minutes of this game with 10 men.,3

GOAL! LEVANTE 3-3 REAL MADRID! Madrid equalise again from the corner! The visitors take it short and Benzema lays off to Vinicius who's running towards the byline. The angle looks too tight to score from but Vinicius fizzes a shot across goal which hits the opposite post and goes in!,1

GOAL! LEVANTE 3-2 REAL MADRID! Pier restores Levante's lead! Bardi floats the free-kick into Madrid's box and the visitors don't deal with the second ball. Madrid's defenders are nowhere to be seen and Pier bundles the ball home from very close range.,1

Levante make two more changes. Campana's game is over. The Macedonia midfielder Bardhi is his replacement.,0

GOAL! LEVANTE 2-2 REAL MADRID! Vinicius races through on goal from Casemiro's straight throughball and rolls the ball clinically past Fernandez into the far bottom corner. Levante's back line was far too high there.,1

Levante make substitutions of their own. The players must be struggling to cope in this heat. Martinez takes Melero's place in central midfield.,0

Here's another Madrid change. Carvajal replaces Vazquez who struggled with Morales earlier and didn't spot Campana's run.,0

Hazard is the next Madrid player to go off. He's less unfortunate. Vinicius takes his place on the left wing.,0

Campana is booked for his excessive celebration. Most of us would go wild after scoring a goal like that, to be fair.,2

Militao also receives a yellow card in the aftermath of the goal for what looks like dissent. Unsure what he's complaining about.,2

GOAL! LEVANTE 2-1 REAL MADRID! Campana completes Levante's turnaround! What a goal it is too, as de Frutos darts down the right and sends a high cross into the box. Campana arrives unmarked to spank it on the volley into the top left corner. Courtois could do nothing about it.,1

GOAL! LEVANTE 1-1 REAL MADRID! Levante pull things level within seconds of the kick-off! Melero slips Marti into the box. Courtois makes the save but can't get a strong enough hand to it, causing the ball to roll agonisingly over the line.,1

Melero is booked for a poor challenge on Isco. Levante have had to do more defending as the half has gone on.,2

Clerc picks up the game's first yellow card for steaming into a defensive header and leading with his elbow on Vazquez. Clerc protests his innocence but the referee is unconvinced. Vasquez rubs his head.,2

GOAL! LEVANTE 0-1 REAL MADRID! That didn't take long! Benzema darts down the left-hand channel to burst into the box. The Madrid captain shifts the ball onto his right foot and finds Bale who slots confidently past Fernandez.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Joao Felix makes its 3-2 to Atletico! A corner is only cleared to the edge of the box and it is picked up by Lemar, who drills a cross into the penalty area, straight into the path of Joao Felix, who controls it and then fires the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

Salzburg also make a substitution, with Koïta coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Okafor.,0

The second Atletico change sees Herrera come off the pitch and he has been replaced in midfield by Torreira.,0

It's a triple substitution by Atletico, with Lodi the first man coming off and he has been replaced by Hermoso.,0

Llorente is the first Atletico man to be booked after his high arm on Mwepu as the midfielder raced passed him in midfield.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Atletico are level, it's 2-2! It's a wonderful goal by the hosts. It begins with Suarez sprinting forward into the Salzburg final third, before he lays it off to Joao Felix, who plays a quick pass to Correa on the edge of the penalty area. The winger just manages to stay onside and he gets into the box, beats two players and squares the ball back to Joao Felix, who had a tap in from just a few yards out. Great move and finish.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Salzburg are level, it's 1-1! It has come against the run of play, with Salzburg lucky not to be further behind. However, they got forward with a quick counter and work the opportunity well, with Berisha getting to the edge of the penalty area, before laying it out wide to an unmarked Szoboszlai, who smashes it into the back of the net past Oblak.,1

Here is the enforced Salzburg substitution, with Daka coming off with an injury and he has been replaced by Koita.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Atletico lead 1-0! Trippier cuts inside from the right wing, plays a short pass to Correa, who turns and tries to find space to shoot at goal himself, but he loses control of the ball and it is picked up by Llorente, who fires it into the bottom left-hand corner of the net. Great strike.,1

Wober is the second Salzburg player to be booked after his trailing leg brings down Joao Felix, after the striker skipped past him and tried to race into the penalty area. Luckily the foul was committed just outside the area, so only a free-kick is awarded.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Ramalho for his blatant foul on Joao Felix as he sprinted towards the Salzburg penalty area. Instead of blowing for a free-kick, the referee opted to allow play to continue with Suarez winning a corner for his side.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TORRES FIRES OSASUNA BACK IN FRONT!!! 2-1!!! The visitors regain the lead as the forward converts from close range. A poor header from Busquets allows Perez to surge forward before feeding Barja on the left flank. He sends his delivery to the back post where Torres fires his effort through Ter Stegen into the back of the net. That should be the end of Barca;s hopes of regaining their league crown.,1

OFF! The referee initially awards a yellow card to Gallego for an elbow on Lenglet. However, he is instructed to watch the screen at the side of the pitch to view the incident again. After a second glance, the official reverses his decision to dismiss the forward.,3

Estupinan is booked for dissent after protesting to the referee about the free-kick that resulted in Messi's goal.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MESSI BENDS IN THE EQUALISER!!!! 1-1!! Barcelona are back in the game courtesy of a sublime strike from Messi. The Argentine bends his effort around the wall from the left side of the post. It clips the inside of the post to beat Herrera before nestling into the back of the net. Barca have a glimmer of hope in their title bid.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ARNAIZ PUTS OSASUNA AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead as Arnaiz converts from inside the box with a fine finish. Estupinan raids down the left flank and supplies a dangerous low cross into the middle. Arnaiz latches on to the delivery and dispatches a low strike into the bottom-left corner past Ter Stegen.,1

GOOOOOAL! It's four for Liverpool! A brilliant counter sees Salah thread a superb pass through the Cardiff defence for Mane to pounce upon, chipping over Etheridge for his second goal of the game.,1

GOAL! 3-1! Liverpool extend their lead! Salah feeds through Shaqiri and he shifts the ball onto his left foot, then firing home his first goal for the club and a strike that brings a halt to the rising pressure in the game.,1

A final roll of the dice from Warnock as Cardiff make a change in attack, replacing Reid with Zohore.,0

GOAL! Cardiff pull one back and it's 2-1! Hoilett's low ball into the area is deflected kindly into the path of Paterson, who pokes past Alisson to hand the visitors a glimmer of hope.,1

GOAL! 2-0! Liverpool double their advantage and it is a superb hit from Mane. It looks like he has lost possession after being tackled by Ecuele Manga but he does not give up, charging onto the loose ball in the area and smashing a ferocious shot past Etheridge.,1

GOAL! 1-0 Liverpool! Alexander-Arnold's driven cross causes a scramble in the area as both Mane and Wijnaldum see shots deflected before Salah pounces to smash into the gaping net.,1

The sixth and final change of the match sees Denis Suarez take over from Rakitic in the centre of Barcelona's midfield.,0

Vila becomes the first player to see a yellow card in this Catalan derby for his shirt pull on Messi.,2

Coutinho is on for Dembele in the hosts' first change. Not a bad replacement option for Valverde to bring on with his side four goals ahead!,0

GOOOOAAALLL! Espanyol 0-4 Barcelona! Messi remains on course for that fourth career hat-trick against Espanyol, as he converts yet another long-range free-kick. This one was just as good as the set-piece goal that opened the scoring, sending the ball up and over the wall into the opposite corner to his first.,1

Home boss Rubi wastes no time in making his second alteration of the match, bringing on Garcia for Melendo.,0

GOOOOAAALLL! Espanyol 0-3 Barcelona! What a way for Barcelona to round off a dominant first half, surely killing off the match through this Suarez strike. The Uruguayan striker latches on to Dembele's through-ball, holds off David Lopez and somehow squeezes the ball through the legs of Diego Lopez from the tightest of angles.,1

GOOOOAAALLL! Espanyol 0-2 Barcelona! Dembele doubles Barcelona's tally with a fine finish into the top corner. The Frenchman works the ball onto his right foot after being picked out in the box by Messi and guides it past Diego Lopez.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!! Espanyol 0-1 Barcelona! Some Messi magic gives Barcelona the breakthrough. Duarte brings down the forward around 27 yards from goal to concede a free-kick, and he punishes the Espanyol centre-back by lifting the ball over the wall and into the top corner of Diego Lopez's net. ,1

Another Ludogorets change now, with Marcelinho heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Biton.,0

Third and final Inter substitution now, with D'Ambrosio the man coming off and he has been replaced by Bastoni.,0

Inter make their second substitution of the game, with Lukaku coming off and he has been replaced by Esposito.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Inter make it 2-1 just before the break! Lukaku gets lucky with the finish, after an initial save by Iliev. Sanchez chipped the ball into the box, which Lukaku met with a diving header, but Iliev makes a superb save to deny him. However, the rebound flies straight back up and hits Lukaku again, flying straight into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Inter are level, it's 1-1! Eriksen with an excellent run down the middle, he then lays it out wide to Biraghi, who times his run perfectly and drills the ball towards goal, which takes a big deflection off Terziev, which turns it past his own keeper and into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Ludogorets take the lead it's 1-0! Souza with his first goal for his new side and it's a superb finish from close range. Cicinho received the ball deep inside the Inter half and delivered a good cross into the box, which Souza met first after holding off Godin, before then smashing the ball into the roof of the net from a tight angle.,1

D'Ambrosio is shown the first yellow card of the game, after a late challenge on Marcelinho deep inside the Ludogorets half of the pitch.,2

Young striker Mubama comes on for Bowen, who set the Hammers on their way with his 10th-minute strike.,0

Goal!!! Antonio makes it 2-0 to the visitors! The ball finds itself with Bowen on the right of the Derby box, and his low cross deflects perfectly off Forsyth for Antonio to nod home at the back post. Derby have a real mountain to climb now.,1

Smith is the first player to go in referee Thomas Bramall's book after bringing down Emerson on the touchline.,2

Goal!!! West Ham take the lead! It is Bowen with the goal, but Soucek plays a big part in it too. Antonio flicks a lovely ball over the Derby defence, and Soucek cleverly nods it across to Bowen, who coolly finishes to make it 1-0 to the visitors!,1

Bernat avoided a booking for an earlier clash with Michelin but now gets his card as he dives in rashly on Gradit.,2

Jese is also on. The exiled former Madrid man takes the place of Kalimuendo, who struggled to have an impact on debut.,0

Sotoca is dismayed as he gets a booking. He appears to win the ball from Kimpembe but might catch the defender with his arm. Lens would have been in had the foul not been called.,2

This might require some changes to the formation. Dagba, usually a right-back, is on for winger Ruiz-Atil.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! GANAGO! Awful error from Bulka! Remarkable! The goalkeeper passes the ball straight to Ganago on the edge of the area, and the forward holds off a recovering challenge and rifles into the top-right corner. 1-0 Lens!,1

Doucoure hacks down Kalimuendo and joins Sarabia in the book. The PSG forward is taking some punishment.,2

Sarabia goes into the book! PSG are growing frustrated! The winger delivers a corner straight into Leca's hands but gets a second attempt due to a tussle in the middle. Sarabia goes short and then runs the ball out of play, kicking at Sylla as he protects the goal-kick. Yellow card.,2

Meanwhile, Benzema is replaced by Mariano after a fantastic performance as the spearhead of this Madrid attack.,0

Valencia make a double substitution at half time, the first of which sees Vallejo make away for Gameiro in attack. ,0

KROOS! 2-0! Madrid slice through Valencia again as Vazquez cuts a precise pass back from the byline into Kroos on the edge of the box, where the midfielder passes his trademark low finish right into the bottom corner! ,1

BENZEMA! 1-0! Madrid take an early lead as Kroos spreads the play out to the left flank, where Benzema drifts inside and past Correia before whipping a low shot from 20 yards across Domenech and into the bottom corner!,1

Luis comes on for Tchouameni for the hosts. The youngster has had a great night in central midfield for Monaco. ,0

Kimpembe is the latest into the referee's book as he fouls Martins who looks through on goal. That's a naughty challenge by the PSG skipper. ,2

GOOOAAALLLLL!!! 3-2 TO MONACO. COMEBACK COMPLETED BY FABREGAS!!!! The experienced Spanish midfielder steps up and dispatches his penalty kick into the top left-hand corner of Navas’ net. What a turnaround by the hosts!,1

DIALLO IS OFF!!! The defender is originally given a yellow card by referee Clement Turpin but VAR advise that it should be upgraded to a red. ,3

Paredes comes on to replace Mbappe who won't complete his hat-trick tonight against his former side. ,0

GOOOAAALLLLL!!!! 2-2. VOLLAND DRAWS MONACO LEVEL!!! What a turnaround this is and Monaco deserve to be level. A ball is whipped in by Tchouameni towards the onrushing Fabregas. Navas comes out to tackle the Spaniard but the midfielder's touch pushes the ball sideways and Volland finishes into an empty net.,1

Di Maria departs and Neymar joins the fun as PSG make their first change. That’s a big statement from Tuchel who potentially thinks his side need the insurance of more goals in this clash.,0

GOOOAAAALLLLLL!!!! 2-1. VOLLAND!!!! Game on as Monaco get one back!! The build-up play is excellent as Tchouameni finds Martins in the box. The winger is tackled by Diallo but the ball falls very kindly to Volland who makes no mistake from close range.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! 2-0 PSG. MBAPPE AGAIN!!!! The French forward steps up to the penalty spot and dispatches his effort. His attempt is full of power and it easily beats Mannone to the bottom right-hand corner of the goal. ,1

 GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 PSG. MBAPPE!!! What a finish this is! Monaco lose the ball in the middle of the park and Danilo pounces. The midfielder releases Di Maria who in turn finds Mbappe through the middle. Disasi has to pull out of the challenge as the PSG forward rounds him before coolly slotting into the top left corner from just inside the box as Mannone advanced.,1

Danilo is the first name into the referee's book tonight for a brash foul on Tchouameni. The Portuguese midfielder was just too late there. ,2

The free-kick and a successive Spurs corner are both cleared, but Coufal, recovering the ball on the far touchline, is caught very late by Perisic, who goes into the book.,2

Kulusevski has been unplayable at times down that right edge, causing West Ham all sorts of problems, and the Swede comes off for Lucas Moura to see out the game.,0

Skipp has also been impressive in the middle of the park, as a fellow youngster in Pape Matar Sarr comes on in his place.,0

Emerson Palmieri has been by far the quieter of the Brazilian namesakes down the near touchline, and Pablo Fornals comes on to replace him for the final few minutes.,0

Lenglet is off in the latest Tottenham change, and Ivan Perisic comes on in what is far from a defensively-minded alteration!,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! A killer cameo from Son!!! Great strength and timing from Kane sees him outmuscle Ogbonna off the ball before playing a perfectly-weighted ball throughball into Son's feet. The South Korean charges into the box, and takes a touch before slotting it beyond Fabianski and into the far corner!! Spurs double their lead, and at 2-0 down there looks to be absolutely no way back for West Ham now.,1

Downes also comes off, and is replaced by the man he replaced in the starting line-up, Said Benrahma.,0

The booked Antonio is off in West Ham's first change, and January signing Danny Ings replaces him up front.,0

Richarlison comes off in Spurs' first change, and Son Heung-min replaces him in the front three for the hosts.,0

A sliding Antonio challenge son Kane results in a yellow card for the West Ham forward, despite him getting all of the ball and none of the man!,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! The Tottenham defenders combine for the opener!!! Hojbjerg's defence splitting pass finds Davies making a dart down the left channel, and he has his other wing-back Emerson Royal ahead of him. He steps inside to find the Brazilian, who side-foots a composed finish into the bottom corner, with a stranded Fabianski rooted to the spot!! 1-0 to Spurs, and their full-backs really came to the fore there!,1

Skipp slides in wildly on Antonio, catching the Hammers forward late on the centre spot. It's a rash, needless challenge, and one that sees the Spurs midfielder pick up the first booking of the game.,2

GOOAAAAL!!!! 3-0!!! Game over as United find their third. Forest look to break from the back but Casemiro steps in to intercept before slicing open the Forest defence to find Fred unmarked in the penalty area. He makes no mistake and finds the far corner of the goal with Hennessey well beaten.,1

Goalscorer Rashford makes way to a deserved round of applause from this Old Trafford crowd with Elanga coming on to replace him.,0

The corner is cleared but not before Garnacho is shown a yellow card for a foul in the build-up to it.,2

Eriksen, who has just been booked, heads for the bench with Fred on to replace the Danish midfielder.,0

Ten Hag, in turn, makes a pair of changes. Martial, who scored United's second goal is replaced by Van de Beek.,0

Steve Cooper turns to his bench again with a triple change. First off is Awoniyi who is replaced up-front by Surridge.,0

Lingard goes down injured an is unable to continue. Central midfielder O'Brien comes on to replace him.,0

Forest overhit a corner and United can break. Rashford is hauled back by Mangala as he tries to break and the Forest midfielder receives a yellow card.,2

Malacia goes in recklessly on Aurier and the United full-back becomes the first player to go into Anthony Taylor's book.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! 2-0!! Just three minutes later and United have doubled their lead through Martial. United work it from the back and it is a lovely lofted ball from Fernandes to set Rashford on his way up the left wing. He cuts inside before feeding Martial on the edge of the box and his first-time shot squirms into the goal off the palm of Hennessey.,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! RASHFORD!!! United take the lead. They wasted their first corner but they have made the most of their second and it is a delightful finish from Rashford. Eriksen drills the ball in low towards the penalty spot Rashford meets it first time to sweep home a delightful finish into the far corner.,1

GOOOAAAAALLLL HUDSON-ODOI SEALS IT AT THE DEATH! For his third successive appearance in the Premier League, the Chelsea graduate mops up the pieces as West Ham can't clear from a devilish low byline drive from Williams on the right. It goes through Elanga but Hudson-Odoi makes sure the game's well and truly over, slamming into the bottom left corner!,1

Gibbs-White's solid performance comes to an end as Andrew Omobamidele takes his place to strengthen the defence in the dying embers.,0

Nicolas Dominguez makes way for Ryan Yates. He mouths 'good game hermano'. It's been a good game indeed for Forest so far!,0

As one has previously departed, our Czech quota for the day is replenished. Soucek arrives for Emerson.,0

Antonio has got 75 minutes under his belt on his return. Maxwel Cornet emerges - can he make the difference here?,0

PHILLIPS WALKS... Gibbs-White makes the most of a hot-headed Phillips challenge and as the Forest midfielder is caught by his marker, the ref's second yellow is already out of the pocket. On his second start for West Ham, Phillips receives his marching orders, ultimately falling foul to Dominguez and that petulant booking just minutes earlier.,3

Phillips is fouled, yet as he's down, Dominguez tries to wrestle the ball free. It's a classic game-slowing tactic, yet the Manchester City loanee takes exception and shoves the Argentinian. All parties are booked, including Coufal who had some unsavoury thoughts as well.,2

Awoniyi makes way for Divock Origi. His goal is the difference maker so far. If he can keep firing, Forest will no doubt feel better about the looming questions of survival amidst the bottom half scrummage.,0

Antonio has come out in this second half with intent. Latching onto a pinpoint switch of play, the boisterous front man looks to restock his confidence as he drives as Williams off the left wing. The former Liverpool man is second best and can only foul his adversary.,2

Kurt Zouma stops an exciting Forest breakaway. It wasn't really a tackle he needed to make (hence the yellow card) yet his lacklustre defensive counterparts will likely thank him for the momentary respite.,2

Awoniyi clearly enjoyed that one! Ripping his shirt off, he picks up the expected yellow card. He likely won't care though, as he's notched his sixth goal this season.,2

GOOOOOAAALLLLLLL AWONIYIIII! Forest keep moving forwards. Hudson-Odoi recycles the ball on the left back to his wing-counterpart Tavares. The ball is floated back in and Awoniyi gets played in by Dominguez with a nicely weighted pass. The big forward is ice cold to slot past a sprawling Areola. He's scored in his last six outings against the Hammers.,1

It's a booking for that man who's struggled for game time of late. Michail Antonio is clearly frustrated and falls foul to a battle with Murillo. He contests the decision. His Brazilian opponent whips the crowd up. This seems an inadvertent distraction from Hudson-Odoi's injury concern at the halfway line. Gibbs-White now unsure too, as Emerson clatters him.,2

Kudus finds himself in with a yellow card. The Ghanaian's energy is a little too overbearing and he earns himself a booking.,2

Morata is on and Arias off in Atletico's second change. It will likely mean a tweak in formation, too.,0

GOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!!! VALENCIA 2-2 ATLETICO!!!! Parejo floats a delightful free-kick into the penalty box and Kondogbia guides it past Oblak. The midfielder got away from Llorente and, despite miscuing his initial attempt, it went in off his other leg. Simeone will be fuming at his side's defending!,1

Vrsaljko catches Soler with a stray arm and enters the referee's book. This match is threatening to boil over.,2

Guedes' shot from outside the box deflects off Arias for a corner. Valencia wanted a free-kick and Gabriel is booked for his protests.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! VALENCIA 1-2 ATLETICO!!!! Just like that, the visitors are back in front! Thomas turns over possession and charges towards the opposition box. He pulls the trigger from around 20 yards and picks out the bottom-left corner with a fine finish.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! VALENCIA 1-1 ATLETICO!!! Gomez chests down a corner and fires a cross into the six-yard box, where Gabriel - who perhaps could have done better to prevent Atletico's opening goal - is waiting to head in an equaliser.,1

Lodi catches Wass when attempting to block a cross from the right and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! VALENCIA 0-1 ATLETICO!!!! Vitolo is played in down the right and picks out Correa, whose attempted shot is blocked by Gabriel. Llorente is right on the case and pokes the ball past Domenech to give Atletico the lead through their first real attempt.,1

It's the easiest of finishes for Gagliardini as the ball comes back across the face of goal and he taps into an empty net. ,1

SPAL are looking dangerous on the counter before Ranocchia chops down his man and collects a yellow card. ,2

Goal! 2-0 Inter! Biraghi collects the ball on the edge of the box, cuts in on his right, and slots into the bottom corner. That's a really tidy finish. ,1

GOAL! 1-0 Inter! A beautiful move from Inter as they work it from left to right before Candreva buries the ball back across the keeper from just inside the box.,1

CAIRNEY SCORES! It's a great goal from the Fulham captain as he fires his shot on goal from just outside the box. The Palace defenders don't get back in time to stop it and it rises over Guaita's outstretched hand and into the top-left corner. 2-1!,1

FULHAM ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Graham Scott has a long look at Kamara's challenge on Eze on the monitor before going back over to the player and upgrades the yellow to a red and Fulham will have to play the last few minutes with 10 men.,3

Fulham are making their first change of the game following that goal and Kamara is coming on to replace Anguissa.,0

ZAHA SCORES! It's a good counter-attack from Palace, who are allowed way too much room from Fulham. Batshuayi squares the ball across to the far post and Zaha slides onto it to score an easy tap-in from close range. 2-0 Palace! ,1

PALACE LEAD! It's their first time getting into Fulham's box in the game and Riedewald has found the back of the net. He makes a driving run through the middle of the box and Zaha picks him out. He coolly slots his shot past the keeper to score the opener. 1-0 Palace!,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 5-1 DEPORTIVO ALAVES! Alaves' resistance is well and truly broken now. Messi pops the ball over the top for Griezmann who's making his way into the box. Griezmann crosses first-time for Junior who fires high into the net at the far post. Lovely stuff.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 4-1 DEPORTIVO ALAVES! Messi grabs his second goal of the game too out of nowhere, curling a shot towards the top left corner from outside the box. It's ridiculously good, which is about par for Messi.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 3-1 DEPORTIVO ALAVES! Trincao seals the win for Barca by scoring his second goal of the game. Messi darts through on goal, forcing Pacheco to come out and challenge him. Pacheco can't save Messi's blast and Trincao calmly finishes into an empty net.,1

Here's that Barca change - Pedri is on for Moriba. Moriba's had a mixed game for Barca, assisting a goal at both ends of the pitch.,0

GOAL! BARCELONA 2-1 DEPORTIVO ALAVES! Alaves are back in this after a terrible error by Moriba. Moriba's pass back is far too lax and Rioja nips into the box to slot past ter Stegen into the bottom corner!,1

Tachi's booked for that foul on Junior. Alaves have had to resort to fouling their opponents a lot so far.,2

GOAL! BARCELONA 2-0 DEPORTIVO ALAVES! Messi makes up for his ruled-out goal earlier by scoring now! It's a lovely goal too as the Argentine cuts inside onto his left foot and dinks the ball into the right-hand post. The sound of it is very satisfying.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 1-0 DEPORTIVO ALAVES! Trincao fires into the bottom left corner after a layoff in the box from Moriba. Alaves had failed to clear a cross from the right which Moriba picked up.,1

Aguirregabiria's booked for a cynical pull on Messi. It was perhaps necessary for Alaves as Messi was breezing through the middle.,2

The Liverpool fans give Shaqiri a standing ovation as he makes his way off the pitch to be replaced by Milner.,0

A lofted pass is fired towards Mitrovic and finds the striker, who controls the ball well before being cynically dragged back by Gomez. The referee wastes no time in reaching for a yellow card, but Fulham aren't able to make the free kick count.,2

Henderson receives a rousing round of applause as he makes his way on to the pitch to replace Wijnaldum.,0

Not for the first time this afternoon, Chambers dives into a challenge and catches Salah on the top of the foot, leaving the referee with no choice but to show him a yellow card.,2

GOAL! Shaqiri makes it 2-0 to Liverpool! Once again, Fulham's defence are fast asleep and allow the hosts to take a quick corner. It's sent short and worked back to Robertson, whose brilliantly curling cross sets up Shaqiri to fire a cushioned volley past Rico.,1

GOAL! Liverpool have taken the lead - 1-0! The home side quickly take the free-kick and fly forward on an incredibly quick counter-attack. Alexander-Arnold fires a pass down the right wing and into the path of Salah, who sprints into the box and fires a low strike past Rico.,1

Oyarzabal is also booked after arguing with Matic. The midfielder was unhappy with a challenge made by the Roma man.,2

Dybala's last involvement was an assist for the second goal. He is given a great reception from the home fans on his way off the pitch. Bove replaces him.,0

GOALLLLL! 2-0 ROMA! What a corner from Dybala. His inswinging corner finds Kumbulla who powers in a header from close range. La Real will be disappointed as he was unmarked.,1

Belotti makes another La Real player go in the book. This time he rushes down the left flank and is tripped by Zubimendi.,2

La Real make two substitutions. The first sees Silva come off for Turrientes. Silva has looked good at times but has not had the time on the ball that he would have wanted.,0

Kubo has been involved in all of La Real's positive attacking movements, but is now being given a rest. Ali Cho comes on for the final 15 minutes.,0

Straight swap in La Real's midfield. Illarramendi has taken every free-kick and corner but is now being replaced. Mendez is on.,0

Just two minutes after the first yellow card of the game, a La Real player is in the book again. Zubeldia is punished after crashing into Belotti inside Roma's half.,2

La Real make their first change of the game. Sorloth has failed to make an impact in the attack and has been isolated by Roma's defence. Oyarzabal in on.,0

A straight swap in the attack sees Belotti replace Abraham. The former Torino man will have to replicate the energy of Abraham who pressed aggressively.,0

Mourinho is making a triple substitution. The first is enforced with captain Pellegrini sustaining a head injury. Wijnaldum comes on in his place.,0

After scoring the only goal, El Shaarawy is now coming off. Spinazzola replaces him on the left wing.,0

Roma make their first change of the game. Llorente emerged from the tunnel but will not continue, going back inside. Kumbulla will take his place.,0

GOALLLL! WHAT A MOVE FROM ROMA! 1-0! El Shaarawy breaks the deadlock. Dybala rushes down the right flank with the ball before playing it into the path of Abraham. Fooling Zubeldia, he spins past him in the box before crossing to El Shaarawy who has a simple finish.,1

GOAL! Salah wraps it up from the spot, 2-0 to Liverpool. He hammers the penalty into the bottom-right corner, and the goalkeeper goes the other way.,1

Paulinho is booked for bringing Salah down in the area. It looks as though he trod on the back of his heel.,2

Mabil's night is over. He's replaced by Mikael Anderson, who comes on alongside Mikkel Andersen and Joel Andersson.,0

GOAL! Liverpool lead 1-0, Jota gets the goal! It's a lovely move from the hosts. Wijnaldum spreads the play to Alexander-Arnold on the right. He cuts inside past Mabil, plays a neat one-two with Shaqiri and squares the ball to give Jota a tap-in at the far post.,1

Milner is booked for cynically hauling down Sisto as the visitors looked to launch a counter-attack. They had a two-on-two on the halfway line.,2

Cajuste gets Midtjylland's third yellow card of the half for a late challenge on Henderson, just outside the Liverpool area. The visitors are pressing hard and snapping into tackles but it could easily cost them if they end up a man down.,2

The 19-year-old Williams comes on for Fabinho, who can't continue. Looks like it might be a hamstring issue, though he was able to walk off without assistance.,0

Wilson tries to close down Lloris as he kicks the ball out from the back, but fouls the Tottenham keeper.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KANE GETS ONE BACK!!!! 2-1!!!! Tottenham are back in the game as Kane heads home from a corner at the back post. Son curls a dangerous cross into the box from the left flank that Lenglet flicks on. It reaches Kane at the back post and he gets the wrong side of Trippier to nod into the back of the net. There is a VAR check for offside, but the goal stands.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALMIRON DOUBLES NEWCASTLE'S LEAD!!!! 2-0!!!!! The forward produces a brilliant run and finish on his left foot to put Newcastle in command. Lloris does not cover himself in glory once again as he sends a poor pass out from the back that puts Sessegnon under pressure. Longstaff works a pass to Almiron, who fends off Sessegnon and then surges past Lenglet. There is still work to do, but he fires his left-footed effort under Lloris and into the net. Another poor moment for the Tottenham keeper.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WILSON SCORES AFTER A TERRIBLE MISTAKE BY LLORIS!!!!1-0!!!!! Lloris races off his line to clear the ball ahead of Wilson following a clip over the top from Schar, but runs right into him. Wilson gathers the loose ball and curls a left-footed strike over Dier into an empty net. A huge moment in the game.,1

Jones gets away from Pogba on the left and the Frenchman catches him from behind in his attempt to win the ball back and earns a booking.,2

UNITED LEAD AGAIN! Fernandes steps up to take the free-kick and he lifts his shot over Thiago on the edge of the wall and curls it in at the far post and Alisson can't get there to stop it. 3-2 United! ,1

Mane slides into his tackle on Fred and although he gets some of the ball, he catches the midfielder with his studs so he's booked.,2

SALAH EQUALISES! It's a mistake from Cavani that sets Liverpool on the attack and United can't get close to them. It comes to Salah and he hits his shot into the back of the net from the edge of the six-yard box. 2-2! ,1

RASHFORD SCORES! Williams misses the ball when he tries to clear Greenwood's pass and it goes through to Rashford who has a clear run at goal. He curls it into the far bottom corner and Alisson gets a hand to it, but he can't keep it out. 2-1 United!,1

Fabinho is shown the first yellow card of the game for his challenge on Greenwood and United have a free-kick just outside the box.,2

GREENWOOD EQUALISES! United break quickly on the counter and it's a great switch of play from Rashford to spot Greenwood's run down the right. He chests it down and hits the shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-1!,1

LIVERPOOL LEAD! Salah drops away from Lindelof on the edge of the box, and Firmino plays him in. He's one-on-one with Henderson and he coolly chips his effort over the keeper and into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool! ,1

Potential matchwinner Vinicius comes off with only seconds remaining, as Rodrygo makes what he hopes will be a brief cameo.,0

Apparently stricken by cramp, Valverde is taken off by Ancelotti, and Camavinga is his replacement in Madrid's midfield.,0

Thiago's influence on the final has been minimal, and he is now withdrawn as Firmino bolsters Liverpool's attacking options.,0

A crunching challenge by Fabinho on Valverde is mistimed; sending the latter flying into the air. The Liverpool midfielder receives the final's first booking as a result.,2

REAL MADRID LEAD! Sneaking in behind Alexander-Arnold, the ever-alert Vinicius fires home at the back post to give Madrid a 1-0 lead just before the hour mark! Excellent work from Valverde down the right was rewarded by the Brazilian's well-timed run and cool finish from the left side of the six-yard box.,1

Saka, who earned his Premier League debut in midweek against Fulham, replaces Iwobi in Arsenal's final change.,0

Arsenal, now firmly with their foot in the fourth round, make a defensive change by introducing 18-year-old Medley for Kolasinac.,0

GOOOOOAL! 3-0 Arsenal! Lacazette finds Ramsey in space and he forces a strong save from substitute stopper Mafoumbi but Iwobi, who looked to be offside, manages to keep the chance alive but pouncing at the far post to smash home.,1

Arsenal make their first change of the game as Nketiah, who missed three big opportunities in the first half, is replaced by Lacazette.,0

Kolasinac is penalised for a blatant foul on Delfouneso, pulling him back from behind in midfield, and earns the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOOOAL! 2-0! Willock gets his second! Fine link-up play out wide from Iwobi and Jenkinson, with the latter drilling an inviting ball across the face of goal. Nketiah gets a touch to the ball but cannot send it goalwards but Willock is there at the far post to clean things up.,1

GOOOOOAL! 1-0 Arsenal! Ramsey strikes for goal and his effort takes a big deflection off Spearing, bouncing back off the bar and falling kindly to Willock. The 19-year-old was on his toes and took his chance, scoring his second goal of the season.,1

RASHFORD SEALS THE WIN! James picks him out with the cross and Rashford is unmarked as he makes the run into the box. He's one-on-one with Pope and goes around the keeper before poking the ball past him and into the back of the net. 2-0 United!,1

Williams was expecting Bardsley to make contact as the right-back closed him down, but he didn't, so Williams is booked for diving.,2

It's a defensive change from Solskjaer now as the goalscorer, Martial, comes off to be replaced by Shaw.,0

McNeil is shown a yellow card for dissent for his reaction after he loses control of the ball and then catches Williams as he tries to win it back.,2

United are making a change now, but it's not James that's coming off. Pereira is the one making way as Lingard comes onto the field.,0

Taylor is running to get on the loose ball, but James just beats him to it and the defender ends up kicking him in the leg. He's shown a yellow card.,2

MARTIAL SCORES! It's a great pass into Pereira from James and neither of the Burnley central defenders pick up the Frenchman's run into the box. He has time to take a touch and lift his effort over Pope and into the back of the net. 1-0 United!,1

Bardsley picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Williams with a late challenge. ,2

Capoue is the next Villarreal man to be shown a yellow card after a late hack of a challenge from behind on Ceballos. The French midfielder will miss the next game against Celta Vigo due to suspension.,2

Diaz comes off to a standing ovation after his remarkable second-half individual goal. Joselu is introduced up top for the closing stages.,0

Tchouameni lunges into a late tackle on Capoue and goes into the book for his efforts. A return from injury is celebrated with a yellow card by the Madrid midfielder.,2

Scorer of Villarreal's only goal after his fifth strike in as many LaLiga games, Morales comes off for Brereton, who is yet to score for the Spanish side.,0

Ancelotti protects Bellingham, who opened the scoring but was on a booking, by bringing on Ceballos for the Madrid midfielder.,0

Unsurprisingly, Marcelino hooks Akhomach off for Trigueros. The Villarreal winger was starting to take his anger out on the Madrid players with his poor tackles.,0

Akhomach takes his frustrations out and goes into the referee's book after clattering through the back of Bellingham. The Villarreal midfielder had no need to commit a pointless foul.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 4-1 MADRID! That is game over as Los Blancos hit Villarreal for four. The visitors cause all of their own problems, failing to play out from the back through goalkeeper Jorgensen. Los Blancos recover possession high up the pitch after a Capoue mistake before Rodrygo rides two tackles and offloads to Modric, who sweeps a left-footed finish into the bottom-left corner. Madrid would have had a penalty for the earlier tackle on Rodrygo, but the goal will do them just fine, too!,1

Alti also goes into the book for his involvement in the altercation with Bellingham. Play restarts with a Madrid free-kick.,2

Bellingham must be careful. The Madrid midfielder gets involved in an off-the-ball tussle with Alti, pushing the Villarreal defender to the floor. The referee cautions the England international for that altercation.,2

WHAT A GOOOOOALLLLLLL! BRAHIM DIAZ MAKES IT 3-1 MADRID! That is sensational from the Los Blancos forward. Garcia slips a simple pass into the feet of Diaz, who spins from near the halfway line and leaves Mandi chasing shadows. The Madrid attacker makes it towards the area, twisting onto his right foot when faking to shoot before rolling an assured finish into the bottom-right corner. Jorgensen gets a hand to the strike but cannot stop Diaz from scoring a remarkable individual goal!,1

GOOOOOOOALLLLL! VILLARREAL PULL ONE BACK! A goal out of nothing gets the visitors back into this game as Madrid’s lead is cut to 2-1. Terrats has acres of space on the left-hand side, receiving from Parejo before slotting through for Morales. The Yellow Submarine striker makes no mistake, sliding a left-footed finish from inside the area past the legs of Lunin, who gets a touch but cannot keep the effort out.,1

Captain Albiol also makes way at the break as Cuenca comes on at centre-back. That change is perhaps more tactical from Marcelino, rather than a fitness problem.,0

Moreno left the pitch before half-time and does not return after the interval. Marcelino brings on Sorloth up top for Villarreal.,0

Ancelotti wastes no time at the break, sending Fran Garcia on for Mendy. Madrid supporters will hope that is not another injury issue.,0

GOOOOOOOALLLLL! 2-0 MADRID! The VAR overturns the original offside decision and Rodrygo’s goal stands to double the hosts’ lead! Modric’s right-sided corner cannoned around the Villarreal area after Rudiger’s first contact before Vazquez capitalised on the loose ball. The Madrid right-back touched onto Rodrygo, who was incorrectly flagged offside, before the Brazil forward arrowed into the bottom-left corner from inside the six-yard area. Ancelotti’s side are in full control now!,1

The Madrid crowd sing the name of Alaba, who struggles to trudge off the pitch with a left-knee injury. Nacho replaces the Los Blancos centre-back, and takes the captain's armband off Modric as well.,0

Vazquez offers an apologetic gesture towards Baena, who limps off the pitch after the Madrid right-back's foul earlier in the first half. Terrats is the man sent on to cover the left-hand side of Marcelino's midfield.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! 1-0 MADRID! Bellingham arrows out to the right-hand side before Vazquez sets back for Modric. The Croatia international dinks a first-time delivery towards the back post, where Bellingham rises highest to nod downwards into the bottom-right corner. Jorgensen gets a hand to the header but cannot keep the Los Blancos superstar from scoring yet again in LaLiga!,1

Marseille look to break from deep chasing a last-gasp winner, but Harit is hauled down from behind by Bondar and the substitute is shown a late, late yellow card!,2

Perhaps understandably, Eguinaldo's celebrating having taken off his shirt amidst a pile-on from his team-mates, and once back on his feet, the goalscorer is shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!!! Never say die from Shakhtar!!! Switching the play from right to left and back again, Zubkov whips a teasing ball into the area with numbers arriving. Eguinaldo is one of those, and the Brazilian times his jump to perfection, beating Lopez with a bullet header into the bottom corner and locking the scoreboard up at 2-2!!! We thought there'd be goals - but certainly not in this fashion!!,1

Lassina Traore is on late too for Shakhtar, replacing Bondarenko as the hosts chase an unlikely equaliser!,0

Marseille make a pair of changes in their bid to run the injury time clock down, with Moumbagna replaced up front by Bamo Meite for the dying seconds of this match.,0

Aubameyang's played a crucial part in both of Marseille's goals in the second half, and having just set up what looks to be the winner, he's replaced by on-loan Inter forward Joaquin Correa.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! That might just win it for Marseille! Aubameyang is the architect, beating two Shakhtar players on his way into the box before cutting back from the byline. His cross takes a deflection on the way through, but sits up perfectly for Ndiaye and the substitute makes no mistake, smashing a first-time finish into the bottom-left corner and leaving Riznky with no chance!!! 2-1 to Marseille with injury time beckoning, and will that be enough to give the French side the advantage over two legs?,1

Ounahi is clipped very late indeed by Zubkov as he carries and passes the ball out of defence, with the Shakhtar wideman shown a textbook yellow card for the rash challenge.,2

Sikan's not been able to produce much in the final third for Shakhtar - rare for a match on the continent this season - and the striker comes off now for Brazilian Kevin Macedo to see out the game.,0

Booked right-back Konoplia is the next player off for Shakhtar, to be replaced in the back four by Giorgi Gocholeishvili.,0

Yehor Nazaryna comes on in Shakhtar's first alteration, replacing captain Stepanenko at the base of their midfield.,0

Henrique comes off having come oh so close on more than one occasion for Marseille, as Iliman Ndiaye enters the fray to replace him out wide.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!! Shakhtar strike straight back! The hosts win a free-kick 35 yards from goal which is crossed into the box by Stepanenko. Lopez can't deal with the initial ball, nor Clauss from the follow-up, and it drops right in front of Matvyenko for the centre-back to smash into the back of the net!!! We've waited over an hour for the goals to come, and they are certainly here to stay as Shakhtar make it 1-1 just four minutes after going behind!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! Advantage Marseille! Kondogbia drives forward and finds Clauss to his right, who takes the ball to the byline before cutting it back across the face. The cross finds no-one initially, but Aubameyang ghosts in behind Konoplia at the far post to lash it home from close range! 1-0 to the visitors, and that goal could prove crucial in deciding who heads through to the last 16!,1

Moumbagna takes Stepanenko out of the defensive equation with a glorious turn on halfway, but he's then dragged back by Konoplia and the Shakhtar full-back is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Shakhtar break and Zubkov looks to play Sikan into the box before being clattered late by Balerdi. Play continues but Sikan slips in the area, and after Lopez can't gather, Eguinaldo taps into an empty net before play is brought back for the free-kick! Balerdi is shown a yellow card, as Sudakov stands over the ball preparing to strike goalwards.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MESSI ENDS HIS LIGUE 1 DROUGHT!!!!! 3-1 PSG!!!!!! The Argentine finally gets off the mark in Ligue 1 with a trademark left-footed curler. Mbappe plays him into space in the final third and he surges to the edge of the box before cutting inside to shoot. Messi bends his strike away from Lafont into the bottom-left corner. ,1

Blas catches Wijnaldum as he tries to connect with a loose ball in the PSG box, striking the midfielder rather than the ball.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! WHAT A FINISH FROM KOLO MUANI !!!! NANTES ARE LEVEL!!!! 1-1!!!! The visitors take their opportunity to level the scores as Kolo Muani finishes with a sublime backheel. Merlin lifts a dangerous cross into the box that the forward attacks, but his header is saved by Rico. However, Kolo Muani reacts and scores with a backheel from six yards. The ball crosses the line before the PSG keeper can keep it out.,1

Pochettino realises that his side cannot afford to go down to nine men. Verratti is withdrawn because of his caution and is replaced by Wijnaldum.,0

Neymar is sacrificed by Pochettino and he does not look impressed. Rico replaces the forward to fill the void between the posts.,0

OFF! PSG ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Navas is dismissed for the home side as he brings down Blas, who is through on goal. The Nantes forward gets the wrong side of Kehrer in pursuit of a long ball and is then wiped out by the PSG keeper. The referee brandishes the red card. This changes the complexion of the contest.,3

Appiah replaces Corchia for the visitors, which will require Fabio to swap flanks from right to left.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MBAPPE DEFLECTS PAREDES' SHOT PAST LAFONT!!!! 1-0 PSG!!!!!! The home side enjoy a great start to the game as Mbappe sticks out a boot and diverts a drive from Paredes into the net. Neymar's surge down the left was partly cleared by the visitors before Paredes took aim. His right-footed strike appeared to be heading on target, but Mbappe ensures that it finds the back of the net.,1

Semedo picks up the ball to prevent Brighton from taking a quick free-kick and Maupay wrestles it off him. The right-back is then shown a yellow card before play resumes.,2

Nuno throws on young holding midfielder Otasowie in place of a striker in Silva as he desperately tries to hold on for a point. ,0

GOAL!!! BRIGHTON ARE LEVEL!!! Trossard's corner is whipped to the back post and Dunk gets away from his marker to meet it with his head. The centre-half tries to nod back across goal but it strikes the head of Saiss and is redirected to the near post and in, wrong-footing Patricio! Somehow, Brighton have brought it back to 3-3!,1

Potter replaces the struggling Burn with Lallana and shifts to a back four in an attempt to haul his side level.,0

Nuno brings centre-back Kilman on for Vitinha, reverting to a 3-4-3 from their 4-2-3-1 in an attempt to see out the rest of the game.,0

Burn is really struggling to deal with Traore as the winger bursts past him, hauling him back by his arm just outside the box and earning himself a yellow card.,2

GOAL!! BRIGHTON PULL ONE BACK!!! Maupay dusts himself down to take the spot-kick and smashes it high down the middle, with Patricio diving to his left! It's 3-2 now!,1

Potter also makes a second change, with Bissouma - on a yellow card - going off for Propper in midfield.,0

GOAL!! NEVES CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!! The midfielder sends Sanchez the wrong way and fires calmly inside the right-hand post! That's a confident penalty and it's now 3-1 to Wolves!,1

GOAL!! WOLVES ARE LEVEL!!! Wolves have plenty of men forward for the corner and Semedo keeps the ball alive on the right before standing it up to the back post, where Saiss meets it and loops a header into the top-right corner! Sanchez wasn't getting anywhere near that! It's 1-1!,1

GOAL!! BRIGHTON TAKE THE LEAD!! Trossard drives at Ait-Nouri down the Brighton right, twisting and turning. The winger loses his footing momentarily, but still manages to work a yard and crosses towards the near post for Connolly. Saiss inexplicably fails to react and the young forward prods the ball in at the near post! It's 1-0 to Brighton!,1

Ehizibue has to be helped from the field by two members of Udinese's medical staff, as Ebosele comes into the game.,0

Bringing an early end to a bright performance, Udogie limps off injured and Zeegelaar will directly replace him on the left flank.,0

NAPOLI EQUALISE! Osimhen strikes! Is that the Scudetto-winning goal from this season's Capocannoniere? Kvaratskhelia shoots low and hard from the edge of the box, and when Silvestri's save bounces straight into the big striker's path, he hammers home his 22nd league goal of the campaign: 1-1 in Udine!,1

Halting a charge into midfield by Olivera, Ehizibue's rugged challenge is mistimed and results in the game's first booking.,2

UDINESE LEAD! Will the Scudetto party be put back once again? The home side go in front, as Lovric picks up a pass from the left by Udogie and fires an unstoppable 15-yard shot into the top-right corner! Quite a finish from the Udinese midfielder, who clearly didn't read the script: it's 1-0!,1

Meanwhile, Barca replace Fati with Balde in a change that epitomises Xavi's intention to see out this one-goal lead.,0

Martinez goes into the book after catching Alba late while looking to maintain Girona's pressure from a corner.,2

Meanwhile, Couto is unable to continue after picking up a knock. He goes off to be replaced by Villa.,0

PEDRI!!! 1-0 BARCA! The visitors take the lead just after the hour mark. Following a patient build-up, Gazzaniga can only help Alba's inviting cross into the path of Pedri, who makes no mistake in finding the empty net from close range.,1

Fati slides in and catches Gazzaniga late as he looked to keep a Barca attack alive. He subsequently receives the game's first yellow card.,2

Hat-trick hero Sterling, who is perhaps a contender to finish the season as the Premier League's top scorer, is shown a yellow card for his foul on West Ham substitute Snodgrass.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! WEST HAM 0-5 MAN CITY! Sterling has an opening-day hat-trick as he shows great composure to slot the ball past Fabianski. He takes Mahrez's deep pass in his stride, taking a couple of touches to set himself before picking his spot. Fabianski could have done better, though - his positioning was poor.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! WEST HAM 0-4 MAN CITY! No messing around from Aguero this time as he sends Fabianski the wrong way from the retaken penalty. VAR has arrived in the Premier League, folks!,1

Foden is given another 10 minutes as he comes on for David Silva. Bernardo Silva will therefore remain on the bench as the visitors have made all three of their changes.,0

With the points now in the bag, Guardiola takes off key man De Bruyne and brings on Gundogan in his place.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! WEST HAM 0-3 MAN CITY! A little over a minute after that double save from Ederson, City score a third goal to kill off the contest - and this one is allowed to stand after a VAR check! Sterling makes a good run through the middle, controls Mahrez's pass and lifts it over Fabianski - brilliant finish!,1

The game has a bit of an edge to it now following that VAR decision. Felipe Anderson trips Laporte and joins Balbuena in being shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! WEST HAM 0-2 MAN CITY!  Sterling, on target in the Community Shield last weekend, makes it two in two. De Bruyne carries the ball past a couple of players and slides it into the path of Sterling, who keeps his composure by slotting his shot through the legs of Fabianski.,1

GOOOOOOAAALLL!!! WEST HAM 0-1 MAN CITY! The champions may have been below par in the opening quarter of the match, but they are up and running for the season with their first goal. Walker races in behind Cresswell down the right and cuts the ball back into a dangerous zone. Diop appears to get a small touch but the final touch is provided by Jesus at the near post.,1

Torres escapes from Baba, and Valjent attempts to help out by grabbing the Barca player around his waist to slow him down. The action gets him swiftly booked.,2

This referee is clearly not afraid to use his cards. Kessie gets booked for a pull of the shoulder and a shove on Maffeo, and that's a fifth card in six minutes.,2

Tensions are getting high here! Pique fouls Lee with a two-footed tackle and the referee does not hesitate to pull out the yellow card. The Barcelona players immediately surround him, complaining about the decision. Gavi also starts an argument, as he feels he was fouled moments earlier.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! Who else but Lewandowski? He receives the ball from Fati, and is up against Valjent on the left. The striker fakes one way, and goes the other, freeing up some space for himself to curl the ball into the bottom corner at the far post.,1

It's a sad sight as Corluka is carried off the pitch to warm applause. Magkeev replaces him in defence for Lokomotiv.,0

Thomas slides Correa into the box after some nifty footwork from Felix. Correa miscontrols and ends up chopping down Corluka and earning himself a yellow card.,2

GOAL! 2-0 ATLETICO! Atletico can relax now. Trippier wins his side yet another corner down the right. The full-back takes the corner short to Koke who lofts the ball towards the near post and Felipe lashes it in on the volley!,1

Krychowiak is next to land himself with a yellow card as the referee deems him to have fouled Thomas. The Pole disagrees and he's booked for dissent.,2

GOAL! 1-0 ATLETICO! Felix makes no mistake from the spot, sticking the ball into the bottom left corner. Kochenkov doesn't even move.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! LEICESTER HAVE ONE BACK! 3-1! City have taken their foot completely off the gas and it allows Leicester to grab a goal. Souttar rises highest from the corner and Ederson can only palm his header into the path of Iheanachọ who merely has to tap the ball into the empty net.,1

City's final change sees the excellent Grealish make way to a round of applause from the home crowd. Gomez is on to replace him.,0

Leicester make another double change. The returning Tielemans is the first off with Mendy coming on in his place.,0

After that chance, City make another change. De Bruyne's game comes to an end as he's replaced by Palmer.,0

City turn to their bench again. This time Rodri is the departing individual with Phillips replacing him.,0

Leicester make two changes at the break. First off is Kristiansen with Thomas replacing him at left wing-back.,0

Bernardo Silva harries Maddison after City give away the ball and it's a lazy challenge which results in the Portuguese midfielder receiving a yellow cad.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! HAALAND HAS TWO!! 3-0!! He is inevitable and Haaland has City's third. It was a good period of possession for Leicester but De Bruyne picks the pockets of Ndidi and City break with blistering pace. The Belgian threads it through to Haaland who takes a great touch before finishing past Iversen for his second and City's third. We've only played 25 minutes...,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! CITY DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! 2-0!! Haaland grabs the ball and fires past Iversen into the left corner. It wasn't sweetly struck but it was good enough to find the net. Another goal for Haaland and this could get ugly for Leicester with just 13 minutes played.,1

GOALLL!!! CITY OPEN THE SCORING!! 1-0!! From the corner, City have their opener with a lovely finish from Stones. Leicester fail to clear the ball properly and Rodri's header lands at the feet of Stones who unleashes a sweetly-timed hit on the bounce from the edge of the box. The ball flies past Iversen and into the back of the net. A nightmare start for Leicester.,1

The goal scorer is shown a yellow for removing his shirt during the celebrations following his goal. ,2

LUKAKU MAKES IT FOUR! Milan are caught up the pitch looking for an equaliser, and an Inter counter-attack springs Moses, who crosses it over for Lukaku. The striker rises above Kjaer and powers a header past Donnarumma to make it 4-2! ,1

Castillejo is withdrawn as Milan make their first change of the match. Leao is tasked with playing the final 10 minutes.,0

Conti trips up Eriksen while retreating back towards his own goal, and receives a yellow card for the challenge.,2

INTER COMPLETE THE SPECTACULAR COMEBACK! Candreva whips the corner into the penalty area, and De Vrij somehow manages to nestle a diving header into the far corner despite touch-tight marking from Romagnoli! Unbelievable! 3-2 Inter!,1

Kessie pushes Barella over during a race and receives a yellow card - as the intensity continues to grow.,2

Skriniar is booked for a foul near his penalty area, which sparks a bit of a tussle around the referee.,2

INTER TIE THE GAME! An incisive run from Sanchez opens up space, and he finds Vecino, whose right-foot effort beats Donnarumma from inside the penalty! The hosts have found two goals in eight second-half minutes, and they’ve levelled the derby!,1

BROZOVIC MAKES IT 2-1! Candreva cuts inside and hits a shot that’s blocked by Hernandez, but the deflection falls perfectly for the Inter captain to hit with a vicious left-foot volley!,1

Vecino is booked for protesting a free-kick after he feels he won the ball ahead of barging through Hernandez.,2

IBRAHIMOVIC MAKES IT TWO BEFORE HALF-TIME! Unbelievable scenes at San Siro as Castillejo’s corner is flicked on by Kessie for Ibrahimovic at the back post - whose venemous header beats Padelli with pace!,1

MILAN TAKE THE LEAD FIVE MINUTES BEFORE HALF-TIME! Castillejo scoops a cross into the penalty area from midfield, which Ibrahimovic gets to ahead of Godin. The ball is squared across the six-yard box and deceives the goalkeeper, allowing Rebic to finish easily! 1-0!,1

Callum Wilson is booked late on for simulation, after going down on the halfway line, following a challenge from Lindelof.,2

Bournemouth make their first substitution, with Harry Wilson coming off and he has been replaced by Lewis Cook.,0

Final United substitution, the last throw of the dice for Solskjaer, with Wan-Bissaka replaced by Williams, who moves over the left-back, with Young switching to right-back.,0

Young slides in and brings Smith down, right on the edge of the penalty area. That was so close to being a penalty! Free-kick to Bournemouth in a very good shooting position now...,2

Fraser is the latest Bournemouth player to be booked after his late challenge on James, that's his third or fourth foul on the United winger.,2

Steve Cook is booked after his late sliding challenge on Rashford, he gets nowhere near the ball and the referee shows a yellow card straight away.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Bournemouth take the lead, it's 1-0! King breaks the deadlock on the stroke of half-time, his third goal of the season. Smith whips a low cross into the box, which King controls and twists and turns away from Lindelof, he then lifts it over Wan-Bissaka and drills it past De Gea and into the back of the net.,1

Lerma is the man who made the challenge on Martial and he was heavily involved in the squabble in the box, he is shown a yellow card, which will rule him out of the next game.,2

Emery responds to Simeone's triple change by turning to his bench for the first time today. Chukwueze is introduced in place of Alcacer.,0

Suarez has offered very little today. The ex-Barcelona striker is replaced by Costa with 20 minutes to go.,0

GOAL! VALENCIA PULL ONE BACK! It will matter for little but Baraja’s side have a goal to make it 5-1. Gonzalez bursts down the right-hand side before crossing towards the penalty spot. Duro makes a smart run before hitting a first-time right-footed half-volley into the bottom-right corner. Lunin gets a hand to it but cannot keep it out!,1

GOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! RODRYGO GETS ANOTHER! Los Blancos are 5-0 up and in cruise control. The Madrid forward pulls into space from Garcia’s pass, twisting into the area before drilling a left-footed effort into the bottom-right corner. Paulista and Mosquera are all over the place once again and Baraja’s side suffer further punishment.,1

Baraja continues to shuffle his pack. Perez comes off for Gonzalez, who comes on for his seventh appearance of the season.,0

Camavinga dances around a few tackles before Paulista sends him crashing to the floor with a foul that is deemed worthy of a yellow card.,2

Guillamon comes on for Canos, who struggled to make any impact on the wing after coming into Baraja's side for this clash.,0

Camavinga lunges through the back of Canos with a poor sliding challenge and becomes the first Madrid player to be cautioned.,2

Only on the pitch for a minute, Foulquier is cautioned for felling Camavinga and stopping a rapid counter-attack.,2

GOOOOOOOALLLLLL! MADRID MAKE IT 4-0! The visitors are falling apart and this could get ugly for Baraja’s side. Rodrygo will not have many easier finishes as Mamardashvili plays a poor pass straight to his feet. The Brazil forward takes it into the area before sliding a right-footed finish into the bottom-right corner. Two quickfire goals for Los Blancos have ended this contest.,1

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 3-0 MADRID AND GAME OVER! Valencia offer Vinicius far too much space and the Los Blancos star makes them pay with his second goal of the game. Rodrygo feeds his strike partner with a simple pass before the Madrid forward steps inside and arrows a pinpoint right-footed finish from outside the area into the bottom-left corner. Pepelu, Mosquera and Paulista were all in close quarters but failed to protect their goal.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! MADRID DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Moments after Duro’s terrible miss, Los Blancos go 2-0 up. The hosts work it down the right-hand side, where Rodrygo has tons of time to deliver a low cross across the penalty area. Vinicius has no Valencia defender near him and somehow bundles past Mamardashvili with his chest when attempting a diving header. An awkward finish finds the bottom-left corner, so the Brazil winger will not care one bit!,1

WHAT A GOAL! MADRID LEAD 1-0 AFTER JUST THREE MINUTES! Carvajal, take a bow. The Los Blancos right-back wanders forward on the right-hand side, bringing down Kroos’ long pass before opening up for a left-footed shot. The Spain international makes sweet contact with a half-volley from just outside the Valencia box, arrowing into the bottom-right corner to open the scoring.,1

It's a yellow card for Rosario, but he can count himself unlucky there. Zaire-Emery just got his body in front of him to see his slide tackle go down as a foul. Smart work from the youngster under pressure there.,2

Thuram makes way for Romain Perraud. If it wasn't for pesky Barcola and the scoreline, he'd easily be a candidate for Man of the Match here.,0

MAXENCE BARD WALKS! It's a straight red! After a Nice corner on the right is cleared, Barcola looks to break away. However, the right-back wipes him out completely and the ref sends him off. Zero per cent ball, 100 per cent body check.,3

As the ball went back to the spot for kick off, Marquinhos booted it away in a huff. Maybe if he'd done that in the first place, he wouldn't be in this mess! Into the book he goes...,2

GOOALLL! 2-1! NICE HAVE ONE BACK WITH ALI-CHO! It's that passing out from the back which has cost PSG again! Just like Thuram hitting the woodwork earlier, Marquinhos is robbed under pressure and Boga cuts across the box from the left before finding Ali-Cho who hits the top-right corner in excellent style! Game on!,1

Ali-Cho races towards Beraldo and knocks the ball away from the Brazilian. It was a challenge he had to make, yet he goes into the book. He didn't get any of the ball there.,2

GOAALLLL! IT'S 2-0 PSG! ZAGUE DOUBLES THE LEAD FROM CLOSE RANGE! Barcola skins Lotomba on the left and slides a delightful low ball across the box. Zague moves inside and tucks it away while Bulka was out of position! That's Zague's first PSG goal!,1

Zague goes into the book for an intentional handball, stopping the ball go down the right-wing. Needless from the youngster.,2

GOOOAALLLL! BARCOLA! IT'S 1-0 PSG! Great goal from the youngster, as Fabian plays him in delicately in the left-central channel. Bearing down on Bulka, he opens his body and finds the right of the goal with aplomb. This arrived after Nice were dispossessed at the back!,1

Hughes is holding Foden around the waist as he drags him away from the ball and he's booked for the challenge.,2

Mariappa pulls Foden back to stop him reaching the ball and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

LAPORTE SCORES! It's a great cross from De Bruyne and Laporte gets ahead of Foden at the far post to head the ball back across goal and into the far side netting. 4-0 City!,1

CITY HAVE A THIRD! Sterling's shot from the right of the box is saved by Foster as he gets a hand to it, but he only pushes it into Foden's path and he's left with a simple tap-in into an empty net. There is a VAR check for offside, but the goal stands. 3-0 City!,1

STERLING SCORES THE REBOUND! He may not have scored the penalty but when Foster pushes the ball away from goal, Sterling is alert to it and turns the ball into the back of the net on the second attempt. 2-0 City!,1

CITY LEAD! Hughes misses the cross into the box but Sterling controls it well with his first touch. It's a brilliant goal from him as he fires it across goal and into the top-left corner, leaving Foster with no chance. 1-0 City!,1

Coutinho is withdrawn for Lenglet. Koeman is worried about his side being left exposed at the back in the closing stages.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MAXI GOMEZ LEVELS THE SCORES!!! 2-2!!!! Valencia equalise as the forward displays predatory instincts to get ahead of Mingueza to stab an effort home. Gaya does well to gamble to reach Cheryshev's ball down the left flank and he fires a low cross into the middle. Maxi Gomez responds in turn with a run to the near post and directs his effort past Ter Stegen into the bottom-right corner.,1

WHAT A GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ARAUJO BLASTS BARCA AHEAD!!! 2-1!!! The defender scores a stunning goal to put Barcelona in front for the first time of the afternoon. Valencia fail to clear their lines from a cross from Griezmann and the ball sits up for Araujo in the box. He leaves his feet to strike a right-footed volley towards goal and it speeds past Domenech into the bottom-right corner. Messi would have been proud of that one.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MESSI MISSES FROM THE SPOT BUT HEADS HOME IN THE AFTERMATH!!! 1-1!! Barcelona are back on level terms, but not in the manner expected. The Argentine sees his effort saved by Domenech, but Alba hooks the ball back towards the goalmouth. It loops over the Valencia keeper towards Messi, who nods the ball over the line from close range.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DIAKHABY HEADS VALENCIA IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!!!! The visitors take a deserved lead as Diakhaby plants his free header past Ter Stegen. Soler puts his delivery on the money towards the near post from the right corner flag. Diakhaby loses Griezmann and directs his effort low into the bottom-right corner.,1

Griezmann takes one for the team as he trips Guedes on a brisk counter. The Frenchman is booked by the referee.,2

Not for the first time today, a challenge on Grealish - this time from Fred - leads to the referee reaching into his pocket.,2

Nakamba is the latest player to be cautioned for clipping the heel of James, who was charging straight for goal.,2

Martial does not look at all happy to be taken off. Ighalo is on in his place with the points already in the bag.,0

The hugely impressive Fernandes - another goal and assist for him today - is replaced by Fred in central midfield.,0

Solskjaer makes a double change with around 25 minutes to go. McTominay is on for Matic in the first of those substitutions.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! VILLA 0-3 UNITED!! Pogba wraps up the three points for United! Fernandes picks out an unmarked Pogba from the corner and the Frenchman, after initially struggling to get the ball out of his feet, sends a 20-yard shot spinning away from Reina.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! VILLA 0-2 UNITED!! Martial takes the ball off Mings inside his own half. Fernandes plays it forward and Greenwood exchanges passes with Martial before firing a shot past Reina from 20 yards.,1

Matic stretches for the ball but only succeeds in catching Grealish on the shin. He is shown the second yellow card of the contest.,2

Wan-Bissaka needlessly lunges in on Samatta, who was going away from goal, and is shown the first yellow card of the contest.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! VILLA 0-1 UNITED!! Fernandes sends the penalty into the bottom-left corner and Reina dives the opposite way. United are on their way to another big victory.,1

Havertz and Andersen chase a long kick forward from Ramsdale, but play stops when Havertz shoves the Palace defender over and kicks the ball away. Naturally, he's shown a yellow card, but with the ball as far from their goal as it's been for quite some time, Arsenal won't care one bit.,2

Havertz intercepts Ahamada's inside ball to Doucoure, but is clattered by the latter as Doucoure slides in. The Malian goes into the book late on, while Havertz, Arsenal's only real attacking player left on the pitch, stands over the free-kick.,2

Odegaard's goal remains the difference in this increasingly tight game, and if his replacement Oleksandr Zinchenko can help to keep Palace at bay, that 53rd minute penalty will earn Arsenal all three points here.,0

Saka's been bright without the final-third quality in this game, with Jakub Kiwior on to further bolster the Arsenal rearguard.,0

Youngster Jesurun Rak-Sakyi, who excelled on loan at Charlton last season, is on for Palace as they look to stretch Arsenal in the game's final moments, replacing club captain Ward.,0

Nketiah's darting run across the box won the penalty which separates these two sides, and with defence the priority now for Arsenal, the striker is withdrawn for Jorginho to occupy a deeper position in midfield.,0

Palace's first change sees Schlupp come off having put some shift in so far, and January signing Naouirou Ahamada will take his place for the remainder of this game.,0

With Arsenal in the lead and a man light, Martinelli's attacking outlet is sacrificed to bolster the backline in the form of Gabriel Magalhaes.,0

HE'S OFF!!! It's a second yellow for Tomiyasu, and Arsenal are down to 10 men! Ayew turns and races away from the Arsenal left-back, who slightly pulls him back and to the floor. There's very little contact in it, but enough for the referee to show Tomiyasu a second yellow, and Arsenal's job holding onto this lead just got one hell of a lot harder!,3

Tomiyasu takes a fairly long time to take a routine throw-in, and is met with a yellow card by the referee. It's rather harsh given how well Palace were cutting off his potential targets, but the new time-wasting crackdown was introduced to cut out such delays!,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! How cool was that! A quick VAR check confirms the penalty, and Odegaard wastes no time in stepping up to roll the ball into the bottom-left corner, sending Johnstone the wrong way, and putting the Gunners into a deserved 1-0 lead! His side fell short towards the end of last season, but Arsenal's young leader is determined to take them to the top once again!,1

Rice slides in with perfect timing to dispossess Ayew, who chases the loose ball with some verve. Tomiyasu the recipient is immediately crunched by the Palace winger, who is shown the game's first yellow card as a result.,2

It is Almiron that's withdrawn for Wood to offer a more physical presence up front in the closing moments.,0

Seeking a late winner, Howe makes a double substitution. First, former Bournemouth man Fraser makes way for Murphy out wide.,0

NEWCASTLE PULL LEVEL! With great confidence, Isak steps up to the spot-kick and rams the ball into the left side of the net; leaving Neto grasping at thin air. An excellent penalty draws the Toon back level!,1

BOURNEMOUTH LEAD! St James' falls silent, as Billing sticks out a long leg to divert a near-post Zemura cross past the stranded Pope. For all their probing, the hosts find themselves a goal down with half an hour left to play. 1-0 to the Cherries!,1

As he gets to his feet after picking up a knock in a tackle on Joelinton, Tavernier is shown a yellow card for his ill-timed challenge.,2

For recklessly sliding into a tackle on Joelinton in midfield, Christie receives the game's first yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! VINICIUS CONVERTS HIS SECOND!! 4-0 TOTTENHAM!!!! The Brazilian is on the spot to find the back of the net with a neat finish after good work from Scarlett. The youngster closes down Henriksson on the edge of the box and the ball falls perfectly for Vinicius. He takes on the strike first time and buries his strike into the bottom-left corner.,1

Alderweireld talks himself into the book as disagrees with a decision against Dier for a foul on Dieng.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BALE PROVIDES A CRISP FINISH INTO THE TOP-RIGHT CORNER!!!!! 3-0!!!!!! Spurs extend their advantage courtesy of a stunning effort from Bale. Alli spots the Welshman in acres of space in the right inside channel and slides a pass towards his run. Bale takes on the strike first time with the side of his left boot, finding the top-right corner with his arcing effort.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VINICIUS HEADS HOME!!! 2-0 TOTTENHAM!!! Spurs double their lead as Vinicius directs his header into the ground and past Kuttin. Alli collects on the left flank and angles a precise delivery to the back post. Vinicius makes a good run and connects with a header to find the bottom-right corner. Clinical from the Brazilian.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!! ALLI SCORES A STUNNING OVERHEAD KICK!!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM!!! Alli puts Spurs ahead on the night with a spectacular finish. Doherty angles a cross into the middle and Alli takes it out of the air with a fine touch. His second is even better as he connects with an overhead kick that flies off his right boot into the bottom-left corner.,1

Villa make another alteration to their attack, as hard-running Watkins is replaced by the mercurial Traore.,0

A fairly subdued display sees Coutinho replaced by Buendia in a like-for-like substitution by Gerrard.,0

LIVERPOOL LEAD! Coolly steering the ball into the bottom-right corner from near the penalty spot, Mane puts the visitors in front with a glanced header, following Diaz's cross from the left. The title contenders have fought back - it's 2-1 to Liverpool!,1

After starting for the first time in five months following an injury layoff, Nakamba makes way for Chukwuemeka in the Villa midfield.,0

Having not been prepared to appear so early, Henderson has to get fully dressed, but the Liverpool captain is eventually cleared to replace Fabinho in midfield.,0

LIVERPOOL STRIKE BACK! Mings and Nakamba both make a hash of clearing a free-kick into the Villa box, and after the ball bobbles around dangerously, Jota pokes the ball into the path of Van Dijk. The Dutch defender's shot is part-blocked by Martinez, but Matip is on hand to prod it home from close range. Liverpool are back on level terms already: 1-1!,1

VILLA LEAD! After Digne drifts a cross from the left towards the penalty spot, Douglas Luiz rises highest to plant a header straight at Alisson in a central position. The ball rebounds back into the Brazilian's path, and he proceeds to thump the ball into an unguarded net! Liverpool's title hopes take another blow, as Villa go 1-0 ahead!,1

Maddison goes down looking for a penalty, but gets booked for simulation. He will miss Leicester's next match now.,2

A curious move from Vieira as he opts to withdraw Zaha for Mateta. Zaha was not at his best today, but it is still a strange one with the game in the balance.,0

Riedewald enters the action for Palace to replace Mitchell in a change that could see Schlupp move to left-back.,0

Doucoure slides in hard on Dewsbury-Hall and goes into the book. Leicester have a free-kick that might just be in Maddison's range.,2

Masopust has his name taken and Barcelona have a free-kick in a dangerous position with Messi standing over the ball...,2

EQUALISER!!! BORIL MAKES IT 1-1! Slavia are level and it is courtesy of a very unlikely source! The hosts continue to threaten the Barca defence and Masopust neatly lays the ball into the path of Boril, who pokes a powerful effort beyond a helpless Ter Stegen.,1

MESSI!! 1-0 BARCELONA! The perfect start for Barca, who pounce on sloppy play from Slavia just outside their own area. Having initially played the ball to Arthur, Messi receives the return pass before neatly steering past a helpless Kolar.,1

Fati makes way after a good performance, scoring the important second for Barca. Garrido replaces the forward.,0

Torre replaces Araujo for Barca for the final 12 minutes. Kounde will move into the middle of the defence and Sergi Roberto will drop into right-back.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TORRES MAKES IT FOUR!!! Barcelona are putting Elche to the sword as Torres gets in on the act with a precise effort from the edge of the box. Lewandowski turns provider as he floats a cross-field pass to his team-mate. Torres cuts inside on his left foot and curls his strike into the bottom-left corner giving Badia no chance.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LEWANDOWSKI NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 3-0 BARCA!!! The visitors are clinical as Gavi wins the ball before Lewandowski pounces from close range to surely wrap up the three points. Gavi puts the pressure on the substitute Fernandez and pokes the ball through to Lewandowski in the Elche box. He fires low and hard past Badia to put the game beyond doubt. A composed finish from the Pole.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FATI DOUBLES BARCA'S LEAD!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!! Barcelona extend their lead and take a huge stride towards the win through a fine strike from Fati. A simple pass from Torres plays Fati into space and he charges at the Elche backline. The forward reaches the edge of the box before he pulls the trigger on a right-footed effort that beats Badia and finds the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LEWANDOWSKI BUNDLES A STRIKE PAST BADIA!!!!!!! 1-0 BARCA!!!!! The Catalan club take the lead as Lewandowski steers a close-range effort into the bottom-left corner. Araujo nods Alba's free-kick into his path and he guides his right-footed strike past Palacios and away from Badia to find the net.,1

For trying to run the clock down in the final moments, Onana joins a growing list of names in the referee's notebook - he's shown yellow.,2

Kessie cleverly earns a free-kick by slipping away from Bastoni, and the Inter defender is booked for pulling the Ivorian back.,2

Perhaps scorer of today's match-winning goal, Calhanoglu's number is up: Asllani comes on in central midfield.,0

Ex-Milan midfielder Kessie receives a frosty 'welcome' from the Inter fans, as he replaces Gavi for the final few minutes.,0

Gavi loses his cool as Barcelona perceive Inter to be time-wasting, and his angry response earns him a booking.,2

An ugly late tackle on Busquets sees Calhanoglu's name taken by the referee, and he is shown a yellow card.,2

Beaten for pace, Busquets is booked for a late challenge on Martinez, who threatened to escape from him towards the Barcelona box.,2

Christensen is still struggling with an apparent ankle problem, and as he limps heavily towards the touchline, Pique is called upon to replace him.,0

Denied a goal by a close offside call in the first half, Correa is the first player withdrawn from the action today, as Dzeko comes on.,0

INTER LEAD! The Nerazzurri are ahead in this crucial Group C clash! With characteristic accuracy, Calhanoglu picks out the bottom corner with a clinical strike from 25 yards, after receiving the ball from Dimarco. Ter Stegen had no chance: it's Inter 1-0 Barca!,1

For vehemently complaining to the referee about the penalty decision, Barella is the first player booked today.,2

Sassuolo make their final change. Boga gets a deserved rest for the last few minutes. He'll remember his goal for a while. The left-back Peluso comes on for him.,0

Pjanic gets a yellow card for bringing down Caputo as Sassuolo look to counter. The visitors are holding on now.,2

Muldur is the next Sassuolo man to find his name in the book as he goes to ground on Alex Sandro. That's five yellow cards for the visitors now.,2

It's another yellow card for Sassuolo. This time it's Kiriakopoulos. Sassuolo are 10 minutes from their first ever point against Juventus at the Allianz Stadium.,2

Here it is - surprisingly, it's Higuain who goes off. Ramsey comes on for him. Presumably, Dybala will now take Higuain's place up front alongside Ronaldo. Ramsey will bustle behind them.,0

This game's end-to-end now. Toljan gets booked for diving in late on Ronaldo. You just know that Juve are going to win this, don't you?,2

GOAL! 2-2 JUVENTUS! Ronaldo steps up and calmly dispatches the penalty into the bottom left corner, sending Turati the wrong way. The way things are going, Sassuolo have 20 minutes to hang on.,1

Locatelli is next to be booked for a sliding tackle on Dybala just outside the box. He can have no complaints.,2

Sassuolo substitution. Traore, who's been largely peripheral, makes way for the Ghanaian midfielder Duncan. ,0

GOAL! 2-1 SASSUOLO! It's a horrow show at the back for Juve! Cuadrado puts De Ligt in trouble and the Dutchman's clearance goes straight to Caputo. Caputo makes no mistake from the edge of the box, although Buffon should have done much better, and Sassuolo have a shock lead! ,1

GOAL! 1-1 SASSUOLO! A peach of a goal from Boga! The Ivorian picks up the ball on the edge of the box, plays a give-and-go with Caputo and cleverly dinks the ball over Buffon. Juve's lead is short-lived!,1

GOAL! 1-0 JUVENTUS! Told you. Juve's captain Bonucci rifles home from outside the box - it's a lovely strike right in the bottom corner. What was he doing there? ,1

A late yellow card is shown to Pieters for pulling the shirt of Lamptey as the right-back dribbled past him deep down the right wing.,2

Another Brighton substitution now, with Maupay the man coming off and he has been replaced by Jahanbakhsh.,0

Burnley also make their own substitution, with Gudmunds­son heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Brady.,0

Brighton are making a triple substitution now, with March coming off and he has been replaced by Bernardo.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Brighton are back in the lead, it's 2-1! Great finish by Connolly, he skips past Long and into the penalty area, using his strength to see off the defender, before slotting the ball into the far corner of the net, with Pope helpless in the Burnley goal.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Burnley are level just before the break, it's 1-1! Wood with his 14th Premier League goal of the season and it's a lovely pass from Pieters over the top of the Brighton defence and composed finish by Wood. The left-back saw the space in-behind Dunk and Wood ran onto it, took a touch and then placed the ball past Ryan and into the far corner of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! What a strike by Bissouma to make it 1-0 to Brighton! Brighton take a corner short, which seems to go wrong, but Bissouma just manages to keep possession with a sliding tackle, it falls to a team-mate, who lays it back to him on the edge of the penalty area and the winger smashes it into the top left-hand corner of the net. Pope had no chance of saving that, great strike!,1

First yellow card early on here, as Brownhill is booked for pulling Lamptey down on the edge of the Brighton penalty area, stopping the visitors from breaking forward.,2

Siligardi runs onto the pitch to replace Kulusevski, and he immediately tries his luck, but he can only shoot straight at Szczesny.,0

GOAAALLL JUVENTUS 2-1 PARMA - Ronaldo again. Who else? The Portugal international times his run to perfection and he slots home Dybala's cross with ease. Juventus find a way to respond immediately, and that is an incredible response. ,1

GOAAALLLLLLL!!!!! JUVENTUS 1-1 PARMA - WHAT A HEADER - Cornelius steps off the bench and suddenly Parma have hope. The striker gets above Ramsey and uses the power on the cross to find the top corner. ,1

GOAAAALLLL JUVENTUS 1-0 PARMA - Ronaldo wheels away in delight but he is aided by a big deflection. His right-footed shot had enough power behind it, but the touch wrongfooted Sepe in goal. ,1

Alex Sandro is, in fact, the man that is replaced and he is replaced by former Manchester City man Danilo. ,0

O'Neil looks to shut up shop and makes a defensive alteration. Doherty will come in to replace Sarabia, who has scored the only goal of the game so far.,0

O'Neil makes another switch, with Hwang replaced. Bellegarde comes on for the final few minutes of the game.,0

Despite attempting to continue, Souza's game is over, and the Blades make an attacking change. Striker McBurnie replaces the midfielder.,0

There's an alteration up top for the Blades, as Brewster makes his way to the bench. Osula comes on to replace him.,0

Ahmedhodzic receives a yellow-card for protesting to the referee. The Sheffield United defender clearly wanted Semedo's booking to be upgraded to a red.,2

Semedo is the first player to be booked in today's game. The Blades looked to counter-attack and Semedo hauled Brewster to the ground.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 WOLVES!! Neto carries the ball on the left and Ait-Nouri is fed out wide, before cutting in onto his right foot. He looks to send an early cross into the penalty area and Sarabia has pulled away from his marker, and he powers a fantastic header into the top corner. He was unmarked in the box, and the Wanderers have the lead!,1

Traore is booked after a late challenge on Iwobi. A few of the Rennes supporters aren't happy with that decision, it happened right in front of them.,2

A few of the Rennes players are starting to lose their cool, Bourigeaud is booked after a throw-in decision goes against him.,2

Mkhitaryan is the latest player to be booked. No complaints there from the Arsenal man. The free-kicks starting to rack up again.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Aubameyang with his second goal of the game, to make it 3-0 and 4-3 on aggregate! Kolasinac with a perfect cross into the path of the striker, who just manages to stay onside and then slots the ball past Koubek and into the back of the net.,1

Rennes also make a change and it's an attacking substitution from the visitors, as Hunou comes on for Grenier.,0

The second substitution sees Lacazette replaced by Iwobi, perhaps a tactial change with the Frenchman on a yellow card already.,0

Here is the first change of a double substitution, with Ozil coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mkhitaryan.,0

Poor challenge! It's a late and high tackle by Lacazette, he dives into it and catches Andre late. The referee shows no hesitation in showing him a yellow card.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Mexer, after the defender clattered into the back of Maitland-Niles.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal lead 2-0 and it's now 3-3 on aggregate, with Arsenal heading through on away goals if the result remains the same. Aubameyang and Ramsey play a quick one-two inside the Rennes penalty area, with the striker just managing to keep the ball in play and chipping it towards the far post, where Maitland-Niles rose highest and powered the ball into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal have a crucial early goal, Aubameyang makes it 3-2 on aggregate. Excellent quick football by the Gunners, they open up the Rennes defence, with Ramsey playing a low cross into the box and the striker just managed to get ahead of his marker at the near post and poke the ball past Koubek and into the back of the net.,1

Another foul, and another Leeds player in the book, as Koch tugs at the shirt of Watkins before being penalised and yellow carded by the referee.,2

Ramsey's next off for Villa, who go for a more attacking option in Danny Ings, hoping to find a late winner to this cagey encounter.,0

Rodrigo's seen almost none of the ball in this second half, and Patrick Bamford takes his place up front.,0

That foul is Bailey's last action, as he's brought off for Emi Buendia in Villa's first change of the half.,0

Bailey loses out to Harrison, who races up-field with the ball, but he's clipped from behind by the Villa winger and he is booked.,2

Roca comes off in Leeds' first change, with Junior Firpo coming on to make his first appearance of the season.,0

RED CARD!!! After a foul on Ramsey, play stops and Villa prepare to take the free-kick. Sinisterra doesn't retreat 10 yards from the free-kick, and so the referee pulls out another and sends him off! Harsh indeed, but rules are rules, and Leeds go down to 10 men!,3

Augustinsson is forced off by that injury, and Jan Bednarek takes his place in the back four, also making his debut. Young will likely move into left-back following this change.,0

Rodrigo is yellow carded for Leeds after expressing his frustration about Villa's aggressive challenges, and becomes the third Leeds player to be booked.,2

Roca slides in to win a 50-50, but catches Watkins extremely late, and is rightfully booked by the referee.,2

Sinisterra attempts to find Aaronson running into the box, but the pass is cut out by McGinn, who is subsequently fouled by Leeds' Colombian winger, who is booked by the referee as a result.,2

Koch hits a pass down the line for Kristensen, but he's brought down by Augustinsson, who picks up a sixth-minute booking on his Villa debut.,2

GOAL!! RUTHLESS! Sarabia has his second, to go with an assist for Silva. This is an easy one, tapping in for 6-1 after Mbappe granted him an open goal following PSG's latest speedy counter.,1

SUB: Skipper Silva had been out of action for a couple of weeks, and PSG choose to give him just over an hour on his return. Bernat comes on.,0

GOAL!! THAT SHOULD BE THAT! 4-1! Mbappe's pace on the PSG left has caused problems throughout, and he races onto a ball in the area and hammers at goal. Runarsson can only parry, and Sarabia arrives to shoot goalwards. It is a relatively tame effort but the defender on the line can only help it in.,1

GOAL!! SILVA MAKES IT THREE! Is that the clincher? The corner comes in and, as men in front of him jump, Silva stays rooted and the ball almost hits him and goes in, the defender shaping his body to redirect an effort into the bottom-left corner. 3-1 PSG!,1

GOAL!! CLINICAL! Mbappe makes it 2-1! Dijon had gained a foothold in this game but have allowed themselves to be caught on the counter. Amalfitano's despairing lunge on Draxler merely knocks the ball through for Mbappe, who keeps his cool - unlike Cadiz - and finds the net.,1

GOAL!! ALL SQUARE! Chouiar levels it for Dijon! The hosts break in numbers but nobody closes Chouiar, the man on the ball, and he places a low shot just inside the bottom-right corner. PSG are pegged back at 1-1.,1

Belotti is very harshly awarded a yellow as his momentum takes him into Khedira while he battles for the ball. The home crowd and bench are not at all pleased.,2

GOAL!!! DE LIGT GIVE JUVENTUS THE LEAD! It's the centre-back's first goal for the club since joining from Ajax and what a time to get it! Higuain helps a corner on to the Dutchman, who is unmarked on the edge of the six-yard box, and he fires it in! It's 1-0 to Juventus!,1

Baselli boots the ball away in frustration after a decision goes Juventus' way and is shown a yellow card as a result.,2

Bernardeschi is the next player to be withdrawn by Sarri, with Ramsey taking his place behind the two strikers.,0

Ansaldi lunges in and wins the ball while catching Bentancur, but is shown a yellow card for the reckless nature of the challenge.,2

Dybala shakes his head as his number comes up on the board and he trudges off for Higuain as Sarri looks for a winner.,0

Cuadrado gets caught out following that attack and in racing back is forced to make a cynical foul on Belotti, earning himself a yellow card.,2

Bonucci is furious as a clear foul on Cuadrado is not given, allowing Belotti to break and forcing Bentancur to hack the striker down and pick up a yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! HUDSON-ODOI GETS A CONSOLATION GOAL!! 3-1! The winger stretches at the back post to convert a low cross from Havertz to get Chelsea on the scoresheet. Havertz finds space down the left flank and angles a perfect low ball for Hudson-Odoi to attack at the back post. He sticks out a boot and places his strike past Steffen.,1

Kante brings down Sterling on the charge and goes into the book. The Frenchman will miss Chelsea's next game.,2

Pulisic wins a free-kick for Chelsea, but takes out Dias in the follow-up. He gets the booking for his loose challenge after the whistle.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CITY HAVE THREE!!!! DE BRUYNE SCORES!!!! The visitors notch their third goal of the afternoon as De Bruyne converts from close range. Sterling leads a break upfield following a mistake from Kante. He rounds Mendy, but has to check back. Sterling angles a strike towards goal, only to hit the right post. The rebound falls straight to De Bruyne, who holds his composure and finds the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FODEN SLOTS HOME FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!! 2-0 CITY!!! Guardiola's men take control of the game as Foden clips a strike past Mendy at his near post. De Bruyne latches on to a loose ball on the left flank and angles an offload towards Foden. The England man finishes with a deft touch beating the Chelsea keeper.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! GUNDOGAN TURNS AND SCORES!!!! 1-0 CITY!!! The visitors take the lead through a fine finish from the German. Zinchenko works an offload towards Foden, who rolls a pass towards Gundogan. The midfielder turns away from Zouma and blasts a low strike trhough the hand of Mendy into the bottom-right corner.,1

SCHAR SCORES FROM THE SPOT! 2-0! Schar confidently stutters towards the ball, before sending Rodak the wrong way and tapping the ball slowly into the bottom left corner!  ,1

WILLOCK! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! It's seven goals in seven consecutive games for Willock! The attacker embarks on a long run towards the Fulham box, and once he gets into the area he runs into Ream before collecting a fortunate bounce and sweeping a low, 12-yard finish beyond Rodak!  ,1

Almost to continue teasing Antony, Doku glides down the left-hand side before the United winger concedes a corner. In the build-up, Fernandes hacks at the City forward with a lunging tackle and rightfully is shown a yellow card.,2

Antony has a petulant kick at Doku, swiping at the winger’s ankles. The United forward then squares up to the Belgium international, and goes into the book for his child-like behaviour. That was embarrassing from the former Ajax man.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 3-0 TO CITY AND GAME OVER! Grealish takes an age to draw Dalot out before offloading to Rodri, who marauds forward before his left-footed strike is parried away by Onana. Haaland is quick to the rebound before sliding across the face of goal for Foden to tap into an empty net. The Red Devils have been embarrassed and outclassed by their noisy neighbours!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 2-0 CITY! Guardiola’s visitors tear United to pieces at Old Trafford. Alvarez arrows a diagonal pass for Grealish, who offloads to Silva on the overlap. The Portugal International makes it to the byline before clipping a left-footed cross towards Haaland, who heads into an empty net at the back post. The Premier League champions are in complete control!,1

Amrabat, who initially reacted with needless aggression to Foden's foul, also goes into referee Tierney's book. That is perhaps the most fight United have shown all half.,2

Amrabat and Foden go head-to-head with one another after a scuffle in the middle between the pair. Referee Tierney takes stock of the situation, calling the pair over. The City winger is not best pleased when seeing a yellow card brandished in the air.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! CITY STRIKE FIRST! After Hojlund’s needless tug on Rodri, Haaland hovers over the spot-kick in front of the Stretford End. The Norway international strokes his penalty into the bottom-right corner as Onana dives the wrong way. 1-0 to Guardiola’s visitors!,1

Before the penalty can be taken, Onana is shown a yellow card for wasting time and delaying Haaland’s spot-kick.,2

Richarlison heads off for an early rest. Everton's 20-year-old youth product Gordon, an attacking midfielder, replaces him for the last few minutes.,0

Southampton replace Perraud who's had a torrid time since the half-time break. Redmond comes on for him.,0

GOAL! EVERTON 3-1 SOUTHAMPTON! Calvert-Lewin secures the victory for Everton! Richarlison plays a quick one-two with Iwobi and sends in a dipping cross that Calvert-Lewin meets with a good old diving header. It's straight at McCarthy but it's too powerful for him to keep it from hitting the back of the net.,1

Doucoure receives a yellow card for overegging his celebration. You can't blame the Frenchman really. It was a fantastic strike.,2

GOAL! EVERTON 2-1 SOUTHAMPTON! What a goal by Doucoure! Everton take a free-kick quickly and Iwobi nods the ball back to Doucoure on the edge of the box. The Frenchman swivels on the spot and smashes an effort into the top right corner! Everton have turned this game around!,1

Everton make the game's first substitution. Iwobi trots on to replace Townsend who's had a good first game for the Toffees.,0

GOAL! EVERTON 1-1 SOUTHAMPTON! Everton get the early second-half goal they need! Adams heads the corner away but not convincingly. Townsend nods it back into the six-yard box and Richarlison arrows it into the top right corner of the net!,1

Richarlison beats Livramento to jink inside from the left but takes a tumble as he enters the box, anticipating Romeu's challenge. The referee immediately signals a foul and shows Richarlison a yellow card for simulation. It's an obvious dive.,2

GOAL! EVERTON 0-1 SOUTHAMPTON! Keane gets his feet tangled up at the back and Southampton pounce. Adams nips in and passes to Armstrong who clips a high shot past Pickford.,1

Double substitution for City now and it shows that they are going for a third goal, with Aguero the man coming on and he has replaced Jesus.,0

Another Gladbach substitution now, with Stindl the man coming off and he has been replaced by Embolo.,0

City have made their first change now, with Sterling the man coming off and he has been replaced by Mahrez. Gundogan has been passed the captains armband.,0

GOAL! Jesus doubles City’s lead and makes it 2-0! A lovely move and finish by City. It starts with Sterling, who lays it back to Cancelo, who whips a superb cross into the box for Bernardo Silva at the far post, he heads it across goal and Jesus pokes it home from just a couple of yards out.,1

Double substitution now for Gladbach, the first sees Lainer come off and he has been replaced by Lazaro.,0

GOAL! Bernardo Silva opens the scoring for City, they lead 1-0! It’s a terrific cross from the left wing by Cancelo, picking out Bernardo Silva perfectly at the far post and he heads it back across goal and into the back the net, with Sommer getting a slight touch on it, but he can’t stop it from going in.,1

GOOAALLL!!!! Bayern seal the win and the points! Lewandowski lifted a cross into the box that dropped to the floor where Goretzka tapped it home from close range! It was a fortunate bounce for the visitors but the midfielder did well to bury the chance. Fortuna 1-4 Bayern.,1

GOOALLLLL!!!! Lukebakio makes an impact from the bench as we expected pre-match! He stepped up from the spot and slotted a left-footed effort into the bottom-left corner with Ulreich diving the other way. Is it too little to late from the hosts? We'll see! Fortuna 1-3 Bayern.,1

Lukebakio does make his entrance as expected with Hennings the player sacrificed. Can the former get the hosts back into this match?,0

GOOOALLLL!!!! Bayern score their third! Thiago whipped in a cross that Mueller flicked on to the back-post where Gnabry tapped it in from incredibly close range! Three goals from Bayern wingers today as they continue to transition away from the Ribery and Robben era. Fortuna 0-3 Bayern.,1

GOOOALLLLL! Bayern get a second just before the end of the half! It was very well worked with Kimmich sprinting down the touchline and then cutting the ball back to Coman who was stood on the spot and hit the ball into the top-left corner to double the visitors' lead! Fortuna 0-2 Bayern.,1

GOOALLLL!!!! It looked like Mueller had tapped in a fantastic cross in from Coman... but on second viewing, it looks the German missed it entirely! Coman had been played into space on the left by Gnabry, and whipped in a fiery right-footed cross that found it's way into the back of the net! Fortuna 0-1 Bayern.,1

THAT'S TWO! With just seconds on the clock deep into stoppage time, Mir finds himself in acres of space inside the area and latches onto Ocampos' precision ball from the right to prod home the second goal of the game. Three points for Sevilla, they win 2-0!,1

Nmecha needlessly picks up a booking for handball; ruling him out of the final group game due to suspension.,2

A final change for Wolfsburg sees Brooks brought off for Ginczek to feature in the closing moments of the game.,0

Sevilla decide on a third change, and goalscorer Jordan is offered a rest, allowing Delaney to come on and shore up the midfield.,0

For arguing that Jordan should be booked for time-wasting, Arnold is instead shown a yellow card by the unimpressed referee.,2

Lopetegui finally makes a change, as Papu Gomez is taken off and Oliver Torres is brought on in his place.,0

Though he put in an industrious shift, Gerhardt has been replaced by Philipp in the Wolfsburg midfield.,0

Sent off in the reverse fixture earlier this season, Guilavogui finds himself booked for a poorly timed tackle on Acuna in midfield.,2

Getting caught on the wrong side of Gerhardt deep inside the Sevilla half, Fernando clumsily brings down his opponent and receives the game's first yellow card.,2

SEVILLA LEAD! A typically precise delivery from the left by Rakitic finds Jordan unmarked inside the six-yard area, and the midfielder nods in his first Champions League goal to give Sevilla an early 1-0 advantage. A great start for Los Rojiblancos!,1

GOALL!!! 1-1 ASTON VILLA!! LUIZ!! Luiz scores a scrappy goal as Villa equalise late on! After an initial chance comes to nothing, Digne sends in a low cross. Mee fails to clear the ball properly and Buendia controls it before passing to Luiz. The midfielder finishes first-time past Raya.,1

GOALLL!!! 1-0 BRENTFORD!!! TONEY!!! Brentford finally get the goal they deserve as Toney scores at the back post! Mbeumo whips the ball with a lot of pace and it goes through everyone in the middle, but Toney makes a good run and scores past Olsen.,1

GOAAALLLL - TOULOUSE 1-1 PSG - Aboukhlal gets up off the deck and converts the spot-kick, sending Donnarumma the wrong way. Hakimi looked stunned after the penalty was given, but the impact of the challenge ensured that Aboukhlal lost his boot. What a crazy few minutes we could be in for now.,1

GOAAALLLLLLL - TOULOUSE 0-1 PSG - Mbappe sent Restes the wrong way as he curled the ball into the bottom corner, and Luis Enrique's subs have worked to perfection. The pace and trickery of Mbappe won the penalty, and the striker did his job from the spot. That is a massive moment for him and the club!,1

Asensio has come on for the final ten minutes of this game in place of Rodrygo, the author of one of Madrid's goals.,0

One promising young Frenchman has been withdrawn in favour for another - Camavinga has replaced Tchouameni.,0

GOAL! Zubkov has pulled a goal back for Shakhtar to make it 1-2. He scores with a well-taken volley after a smart cross from Mykhailichenko out the left side.,1

GOAL! Benzema, Valverde and Rodrygo link up beautifully before the Brazilian slides through his compatriot Vinicius - who finishes coolly to make it 2-0.,1

GOAL! Rodrygo scores to put Madrid 1-0 to the good. Tchouameni plays the ball to the Brazilian who sets himself and then finishes accurately.,1

El-Arabi picks up a late yellow card for a cynical foul on Tolisso inside the visitors’ defensive third.,2

GOAL! Olympiacos pull one back! After receiving the ball from Lovera, Guilherme’s effort from range deflects off the arm of Thiago before sailing beyond Neuer and into the bottom right corner. 3-2.,1

GOAL! Tolisso makes it three for Bayern! After some net link-up play between Gnabry and Coutinho down the left, the Brazilian’s left-footed effort deflects into the path of Tolisso. The Frenchman sets himself before curling a well-struck effort into the top left corner from the edge of the box. 3-1.,1

Thiago skips beyond Semedo on the halfway line and the Olympiacos defender is shown a yellow card for that cynical foul on the Spaniard.,2

Neuer goes into the book for dissent after a coming together between Kimmich and Podence following a short corner.,2

Martins’ makes his first change of the game as Lovera comes onto the field place of Bouchalakis. There are just over 20 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

GOAL! Lewandowski puts Bayern ahead! Coutinho’s corner from the left is nodded down by Muller, and Lewandowski is alert to turn the ball beyond Sa from just a few yards out. After being reviewed by VAR for a potential offside, the goal stands. 2-1.,1

Bayern are forced into making their first change of the match as the injured Hernandez is replaced by Boateng. It remains 1-1.,0

Thiago is the first player to receive a yellow card after catching Camara with a late challenge in the centre of the park. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

GOAL! Bayern are level! Following Martinez’s cross from the right, Lewandowski nods the ball down for Muller who sees his right-footed effort parried away by Sa. The Polish striker is quickest to react and fires the rebound into the roof of the net from the centre of the box. 1-1.,1

GOAL! Olympiacos take the lead! Podence floats a wonderful cross-field pass over to the left for Masouras, who sets Tsimikas away down the line. The full-back floats the ball in towards El-Arabi, whose far-post header is deemed to have crossed the line by goal-line technology. 1-0.,1

GOOALLLL!!!! Filipe Luis collected the ball in from Saul, stood his defender up, and then cut inside before unleashing a beautiful finish, equal parts curve and power, into the top-right corner! Moya had absolutely no chance of reaching that! Atletico 2-0 Sociedad.,1

Run of physical play here of late! Sangalli seemed to be through the defence after a delightful ball was lobbed forward to him only for Savic to foul him heavily. The defender is now the latest to pick up a yellow card.,2

Rodrigues glides past a pair of Atleti players in midfield before Koke cuts him down and is shown the yellow card.,2

GOOOALLLL! Correa did brilliantly to keep the ball and stay on his feet after a challenge just outside of the box. He then passed the ball infield but it was deflected by Navas before falling to the feet of Godin who finished it first time into the bottom-right corner! That will be the last kick of the first half as well! Atletico 1-0 Sociedad.,1

Zubeldia wraps up Godin in a bearhug in the centre-circle and picks up a yellow card for his trouble.,2

Arsenal bring on their third substitute, as Henrikh Mkhitaryan is introduced in place of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. ,0

LACAZETTE’S CLINICAL FINISH MAKES IT 3-2! The striker does fantastically well to stay onside in the penalty area and jump on Torreira’s leading pass – splitting two centre-backs in the process. From in-close, the striker lashes a powerful shot into the roof of the net, leaving Etheridge rooted to the spot. ,1

Victor Camarasa catches Sokratis with a dangerous sliding tackle and he is shown the match’s sixth yellow card. ,2

Junior Hoilett is shown a yellow card for a cynical foul in midfield immediately after the restart following the goal. ,2

Lucas Torreira is introduced with 20 minutes to play as Emery chooses to remove a carded Matteo Guendouzi. ,0

THIS TIME, THE SET-PIECE WORKS FOR CARDIFF! 2-2 as Ralls floats the free-kick to the back post for Morrison who wins his individual battle and heads the ball back into the centre of the penalty area where Danny Ward waits with anticipation. Ward also wins his duel and nods the pass off the left-hand post and into the goal! We’re all square once again at the Cardiff City Stadium!,1

It’s a familiar face in the referee’s notebook as Granit Xhaka is shown a yellow card for tugging back Camarasa.   ,2

PIERRE-EMERICK AUBAMEYANG MAKES IT 2-1! It’s a simple passing triangle as Ozil finds Lacazette outside the penalty area. The striker then finds an open Aubameyang who takes a touch before firing it past Etheridge who couldn’t have done much more to stop that. Arsenal take the lead once again! ,1

Matteo Guendouzi is shown a yellow card for taking down a player away from the ball during Ward’s race with Mustafi.,2

Hector Bellerin is given a yellow card for a handball deep in his own half - providing Cardiff with a chance to get a cross into the box. ,2

CAMARASA EQUALISES LATE INTO THE FIRST HALF! Xhaka gifts the ball to Hoilett in midfield and the ball comes to the left for Bennett who immediately crosses the ball into the penalty area. Camarasa takes a wonderful touch to get away from his marker before slashing it high into the goal, beating Cech’s outstretched arm. 1-1!,1

The referee shows the first yellow card of the match to Monreal for a high-boot challenge on the midriff of Bobby Reid. That’s a nasty challenge – and one that Cardiff will be looking to capitalise on via a free-kick just outside the penalty area.    ,2

MUSTAFI MAKES CARDIFF PAY! 1-0 to Arsenal after a basic corner-kick routine works like a charm. Xhaka’s in-swinging set-piece is met beautifully by the head of Mustafi who rises higher than Bamba to power the ball into the back of the net. The visitors lead! ,1

Forshaw is trying to stop Chiquinho from breaking upfield and after the foul is given, he then delays the taking of the free-kick. He's shown a yellow card.,2

In the aftermath of that goal, Wolves are making their final changes. Chiquinho comes on in place of Dendoncker.,0

AYLING SCORES! Harrison curls a deep cross towards the right-back, and he nods it back across the box. Neither Struijk nor Boly gets to it, so Ayling takes matters into his own hands. He lets it bounce before hitting it through Sa's legs and into the back of the net. 3-2 Leeds!,1

Cresswell slides in on Ait Nouri and takes the wing-back's legs out from under him. It's a poor challenge and his name goes into the book.,2

RODRIGO EQUALISES! Wolves are all over the place at the back and James volleys a looping shot over Sa and against the post. He's first to the rebound and Greenwood keeps it alive before laying it off to Rodrigo. Sa is in no man's land, scrambling across his box, and the Spaniard hits it in off Saiss. 2-2!,1

HARRISON SCORES! It takes a while for the ball to go in, with Ayling hitting a shot against the post before Saiss poked it back towards his own goal. Coady was in the right place to clear that one off the line, but Harrison is alert in the middle to slot it past the defender. After a quick VAR check, the goal stands! 2-1!,1

Leeds have more problems of their own here though. Meslier is helped off the pitch by the medical team and Klaesson is coming on to replace him in goal.,0

JIMENEZ IS OFF! Meslier was first to the ball and Jimenez crashed into him, even though it seemed to be his momentum carrying him into an accidental collision. After finishing his treatment, he is shown his second booking of the match before being given his marching orders. Wolves are down to 10 men!,3

TRINCAO SCORES! Wolves take their free-kick down the left quickly, with Moutinho slotting it through to Podence, and he pulls it back to Trincao. He has time to take a touch on the edge of the box before hitting his low shot through the crowd and into the far bottom corner. 2-0 Wolves!,1

Struijk clipped the back of Jimenez's heels in an attempt to stop the run and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Leeds are having to make another change due to injury, as Klich won't be coming back out. Cresswell is on in his place.,0

Jimenez and Koch get in a tangle as the defender tries to clear the ball, and they both go down. Jimenez clattered into him, so he's shown the yellow card.,2

Leeds have another injury problem here as Llorente makes his way off the pitch holding the small of his back. Koch is brought on in his place.,0

JONNY SCORES! It's lovely build-up play from Wolves before Moutinho plays it down the wing for Trincao, and Dallas just slips at the wrong moment. The substitute pulls it back into the middle for Jonny, who coolly slots it under Meslier and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Wolves!,1

Neves tried to carry on after picking up that knee injury a little earlier. He's coming off now though, with Trincao on in his place.,0

The referee played the advantage as Leeds attacked, but he takes it back now to book Boly for the foul on Klich in the build-up.,2

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! Fernandes steps up to the spot and buries it in the corner - giving Darlow no chance. It’s six goals in his last six matches in all competitions for Fernandes, who has quickly become his side’s talisman.,1

Manchester United's first substitution of the match comes at striker, where Martial is replaced by Greenwood. ,0

JAMES MAKES IT 2-1! Matic plays a square pass inside the penalty area, but it fails to find Fernandes centrally, instead carrying towards the far post. James finds himself in acres of space and has the time to take a touch before finishing with ease!,1

Joelinton is shown a yellow card for a foul on Shaw during a poor attempt to win back possession high up the pitch. ,2

Fernandes and Hayden get into a bit of a shoving match in front of the referee, with the Newcastle midfielder deemed the instigator. It's a yellow card for Hayden - the first booking of the match. ,2

SAINT-MAXIMIN HAS THE EQUALISER! Newcastle take a corner-kick short to Willock, who launches it to the far post from the corner of the 18-yard box. Maguire gets a header to the ball, but his clearance falls right to the foot of Saint-Maximin, who lashes it into the roof of the net! 1-1!,1

RASHFORD GIVES MANCHESTER UNITED THE LEAD! It’s a beautiful solo goal from the Manchester United forward, who put the ball through the legs of Krafth, before opening up some space and beating the goalkeeper at his near post from an acute angle! 1-0 to the hosts!,1

Rashford is withdrawn with three minutes left in the match, after contributing a goal, and the free-kick which led to Lukaku’s opener. Lingard is his replacement.,0

Benitez has nothing to lose and brings off centre-back Schar for forward Muto in an attacking change.,0

RASHFORD STARTS THE COUNTER, AND HE FINISHES IT! 2-0! Rashford plays it to Lukaku on the halfway line and continues forward, taking up a good position at the bottom of the penalty area. In the meantime, Lukaku finds Sanchez with a pass, and the winger looks up and finds his team-mate open in the box. A simple yet incisive ball from the middle of the box opens up the striker who finishes it with a brilliant curl into the bottom corner!,1

Shaw cynically tugs back the jersey of Yedlin during a counter-attack, earning the left-back a yellow card.,2

Benitez makes his first change of the match with just over 20 minutes left, as Perez is replaced by Kenedy.    ,0

IT’S A GOAL FROM LUKAKU WHO HAS JUST COME ON! 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! 38 seconds is all it took for the substitute to get on the score sheet as Rashford’s powerful free-kick is spilt by Dubravka, right in the path of Lukaku who turns it home from inside the six-yard box with ease! ,1

Newcastle make a change, but it isn’t at centre-back as Shelvey replaces Diame – who himself was injured earlier in the match.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLL! BURNLEY PULL ONE BACK! The Clarets, finally, score at the Etihad. Fofana breezes past Gvardiol down the right-hand side, drilling a low cross towards the near post. Ederson cannot reach it at full stretch and Al Dakhil bundles in from point-blank range to make it 3-1.,1

Rodri hands over the captain’s armband to Stones, coming off after his second-half goal and being replaced by Kovacic.,0

Ekdal makes way for Massengo, who gets a rare appearance to close a disappointing defeat for Burnley.,0

Doku takes the ankles of Zaroury, conceding a free-kick on the edge of the City area. The Belgium winger is also cautioned for his cynical trip.,2

Look away Burnley fans... Foden makes way as Guardiola sends on fellow England international Grealish. City's squad has too many options for the Clarets to compete with.,0

Ederson raced over to intervene when Lewis confronted Roberts, who was barged out the way by the City goalkeeper. The Brazilian is also shown a yellow card for his involvement.,2

As one world-class talent comes off, another is introduced. The fit-again De Bruyne is replaced by the returning Haaland, who could punish a tired Burnley defence.,0

Finally, to complete the triple substitution, Fofana comes on for his Burnley debut as Foster comes off up top.,0

Perhaps to offer Vitinho more cover against Doku, right-back Roberts also replaces striker Amdouni, who will be kicking himself after his miss earlier in the second half.,0

Kompany has seen enough, making a triple change. Gudmundsson, who almost teed up Amdouni in this half, makes way for Ramsey.,0

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 3-0 CITY! Nothing has changed after the interval. After a matter of seconds, De Bruyne rolls Foden down the right before the City winger cuts a pass back towards the edge of the area. Rodri steers a first-time right-footed finish past Trafford, who has no chance as the guided effort finds the bottom-right corner.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 2-0 CITY! Burnley fall asleep and the home side take full advantage to double their lead. De Bruyne hovers over a deep free-kick, rushing to slide a throughball down the centre as the Clarets’ defence loses concentration. Alvarez bursts into the space inside the area, sliding a right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner past the onrushing Trafford.,1

That is cynical. Ekdal, who was at fault for the opening goal, drags De Bruyne back when the City midfielder bursts past him in midfield. The Burnley centre-back is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 CITY! Out of nothing, the hosts click into gear and take the lead after 16 minutes. Nunes seems to make a mess after latching onto Foden’s over-the-top pass, initially seeing a cross blocked before cutting back in and dinking towards the six-yard area. Alvarez is completely unmarked and cannot miss, heading past Trafford from point-blank range after evading the attention of Ekdal and Vitinho.,1

Spurs' final roll of the dice sees Donley come on to make his debut for the club in place of Johnson.,0

Haaland was screaming in the referee's face to say that he should've let play carry on. He can't really have any complaints about the yellow card after what he did, but it only enrages him further.,2

Emerson rushes off his goal line to get involved in the protests against that decision from the referee and he's booked for dissent.,2

Kulusevski is desperate to protect the draw he's just given to his side. He's late tackling Grealish though, and gives away a free-kick as well as picking up a booking.,2

KULUSEVSKI EQUALISES! There was nothing sloppy about that! Skipp pushes his way past two in midfield before Son helps it out to Johnson on the left side. He has nobody marking him and clips a good cross towards the penalty spot, where Kulusevski rises above Ake to get his head on it and loop his effort into the back of the net. 3-3!,1

There are changes for both sides now, starting with a double one for City. Gvardiol, who is on a booking, makes way for Ake.,0

Gvardiol slides in and catches Skipp, who had his foot raised to cushion the ball, with a high boot. The defender gives a shake of his head as he's shown a yellow card.,2

GREALISH SCORES! City are back in front! It stems from a loose touch by Bissouma in midfield and Rodri latches onto it before threading it forward for Haaland down the right. He squares it into the middle, putting it on a plate for Grealish to guide into the back of the net. 3-2 City!,1

Porro gets too tight to Grealish, taking his legs out from behind. He's the second Spurs player into the book.,2

Guardiola is making a change to try and shift the momentum back in his team's favour. The scorer of the second goal, Foden, is taken off for Lewis.,0

LO CELSO EQUALISES! It's City caught on the ball this time, as Davies cuts out a throughball to Haaland, and his header picks out Son through the middle. He lays it off to Lo Celso, who checks back before curling his shot towards the near post from the edge of the D. Ederson gets fingertips to it, but can only help it onto the post and in. 2-2!,1

Grealish slightly moves his arm to block a throughball, and though he's protesting his innocence, he's still shown a yellow card. It's a costly one too, as he'll miss the game against his old club Aston Villa on Wednesday.,2

City are making their first change of the game now. Doku hasn't been as bright since the start of the second half and appears to be limping as he goes off for Grealish.,0

There's a change at the break for Spurs. Gil, who has struggled to make an impact in this game, goes off for Hojbjerg.,0

Udogie gets nowhere near the ball as he clips the back of Foden's heels to take him out. He goes into the referee's book.,2

It's a late one from Rodri on Porro as he slides in, getting none of the ball. He's not happy to see he's getting a yellow card though.,2

FODEN SCORES! City have turned this game around! It's a wonderful team goal that starts with Emerson's sloppy clearance. City knock it around Spurs with a series of one-touch passes, and it's worked through Haaland, Doku and Alvarez before it comes to Foden. He has time to take a touch before firing it past Vicario at his near post. 2-1 City!,1

SON SCORES! From a City corner, Spurs break upfield at lightning-quick speed. Kulusevski plays an early throughball around the back of Doku, who didn't realise that Son was behind him. The Spurs captain holds off the Belgian to take it into the box before firing his shot through Ederson and into the back of the net. 1-0 Spurs!,1

Atalanta's final change sees Zappacosta replacing Holm, who has picked up an injury, for the four minutes of stoppage time.,0

And Miranchuk, who hasn't been as involved in the second half as he was in the first, is replaced by Koopmeiners.,0

Djimsiti has both hands on Gyokeres as he drags him back, and the defender knows exactly what he's done. He walks away, not even waiting for the yellow card to come out of the referee's pocket.,2

Scalvini gets his studs caught in the bottom of Trincao's sock as he lunges in on the winger to bring him down. Just minutes after coming on, the defender goes into the referee's book.,2

It's a triple swap for Sporting, and Amorim will be hoping this can inject something different into his team. Koindredi is the first to go off, with Hjulmand on for him.,0

There are changes for both sides at the break, starting with Atalanta. Hein, who was booked early on in the first half, is replaced by Scalvini.,0

And Gyokeres, Sporting's highest scorer in Europe this season, comes on for Edwards, who is also on a booking.,0

SCAMACCA EQUALISES! Sporting create all of their own problems again, and this time, Atalanta make them pay! It's a bad backpass from Coates to Israel, but the keeper rushes out to beat Lookman to it. His clearance goes straight to Miranchuk, who slides in Scamacca, and with the goalkeeper still in no man's land, the forward slots it neatly into the empty net. 1-1!,1

Edwards didn't get a free-kick that he wanted and after a quick complaint to the referee, he needlessly kicks out to trip Ederson. That is a foul, and the winger is booked for it.,2

PAULINHO SCORES! For all of Atalanta's early possession, it's Sporting that take the lead! They win it back deep in their own half, and Trincao has so much space in midfield. He carries it over halfway before spotting Paulinho's bursting run down the left, and the striker takes it in stride before firing his low shot under Musso and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Sporting!,1

Hien is the wrong side of Paulinho on the halfway line and trips him from behind when trying to get across to the ball. He's protesting his innocence but is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Zaha is fouled once again, this time by Romeu as the Ivorian beats Ward-Prowse to drift inside. The referee decides he's had enough and books Romeu.,2

Southampton substitution. Ings will get the chance to recommence his recent goalscoring form. Long goes off for him.,0

Crystal Palace substitution. Tosun - who's not done much since the start of the half - is replaced by Wickham.,0

GOAL! 2-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Now it's Armstrong's turn to score from range! Redmond loses out on the edge of the box but Palace don't clear it. Redmond passes it straight to Armstrong who  lashes home from just outside the box!,1

GOAL! 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Redmond gives the visitors the lead! The Englishman chests the ball down, twists this way and that on the edge of the box and blasts a shot past Guaita! He heads to the bench to high-five his manager! ,1

Time for the champions to shore up the midfield. Thiago takes his leave and Martinez comes on to add some defensive nous.,0

Augsburg turn to midfielder Koo to provide some creativity in breaking down this Bayern defence. He replaces Moravek.,0

Richter, who has been on the pitch less than 10 minutes, goes into the book following a lunging challenge on Kimmich.,2

Goretzka impedes Max's progress and the referee awards the first booking of the match. An easy decision.,2

Baum makes his first change as Richter is thrown on in place of Stafylidis. The hosts look to have switched to a 4-4-2.,0

Muller, who will of course play no part at Anfield, is introduced before the hour. James makes way, the playmaker having failed to replicate the influential performance he produced against Schalke.,0

GOAL!!! Bayern lead for the first time and it's an unerring finish across Kobel from Alaba, who received Coman's pass, got it out of his feet and speared a superb shot into the bottom-right corner. Much to their relief, the champions lead 3-2.,1

GOALLL!!! Coman comes up big for the second time in this match. Found on the left by Goretzka, he drives a cool left-footed finish through the legs of Kobel, who may feel as though he should have done better. Bayern claw it back to 2-2 right on half-time.,1

GOALL!! Augsburg restore their advantage! Max, the architect of the opener, gets to the byline on the left and delivers low into the box, where a touch from Gregoritsch fails to disturb Ji in lashing beyond Neuer. Bayern trail 2-1!,1

GOALL!! And it's that man Coman who drags Bayern level! Kimmich's dangerous cross from the right is too high for Goretzka, but it drops perfectly for the France winger to side-foot home at close range. 1-1.,1

GOAAL! Union pull one back! Second time lucky from the spot as Polter buries his penalty and sends Neuer the wrong way!,1

Perisic has been somewhat absent from the game other than giving away the Union penalty and he's taken off for Tolisso to provide some extra solidity in midfield.,0

Change number one for Bayern as Coman comes off for Gnabry. Not the best of performances from the Frenchman!,0

GOAAAL! 2-0 BAYERN! It was only a matter of time before Bayern scored again and it's Lewandowski to double their lead. He's almost crowded out as he bears down on goal, but a fortunte deflection brings the ball back into his path as he dribbles his way past and he tucks a right-footed shot away low into the bottom-right corner.,1

An early yellow card for Andrich as he fouls Thiago in a dangerous position inside the Union half. What can Bayern do with this free-kick?,2

GOAAAAAL! BAYERN TAKE THE LEAD! It's Pavard with a powerful strike from outside the area! It all comes from a poorly defended Kimmich set piece on the right. Union keeper Gikiewicz comes off his line to punch it clear, but only as far as Pavard at the edge of the box and he's completely unopposed as he thunders it in to make it 1-0 Bayern.,1

Sosa is given a late yellow card for taking out Danilo who was breaking away down the right. He flicked the ball away from the defender with a smart turn.,2

GOAALLLLL! MILIK SCORES! 3-0 JUVENTUS! Three points should now be secure for the home side. The former Napoli man volleys the ball past Skorupski who had no chance of saving it. It's his third goal of the season.,1

GOAALLLL! VLAHOVIC SCORES! 2-0 JUVENTUS! Juventus score their second of the match. Locatelli feeds the ball to McKennie who dinks it over to Vlahovic who heads home. It's their second goal from a counter, with the attack coming from a Bologna corner.,1

GOOALLLL! KOSTIC SCORES! 1-0 JUVENTUS! Juventus take the lead through Kostic. On the counter, Vlahovic breaks through the middle of the pitch with players streaming forward on either side. Looking for options, he plays the ball down the left towards Kostic who directs the ball into the bottom corner.,1

Klavan is taken off, though he's up and walking. He has a massive bandage on his forehead and blood down his face, but he seems lucid, which is always a relief with head injuries. Carboni comes on to replace him.,0

Klavan is up but heavily bandaged. In the meantime, Juve make some changes. McKennie replaces Rabiot.,0

Danilo is booked for a cynical foul, chopping down a Cagliari player looking to lead a counter-attack from the corner.,2

GOAL! 2-0 Juve, Ronaldo with his second! It's a poacher's goal, this one. Cuadrado's corner from the right is flicked on by Demiral towards an unmarked Ronaldo at the far post. It looks to be behind him but he slows his momentum well, hanging his foot back and hooking the ball into the empty net. ,1

GOAL! 1-0 Juventus, Ronaldo with a cracking finish! There's nothing too complicated about the goal. Bernardeschi finds Morata at the edge of the D, and he turns the ball round to Ronaldo on the left. He takes a touch to set himself on his right foot and bends a powerful shot inside the far post.,1

Tripaldelli is booked for an off-the-ball foul on Cuadrado as he looked to latch onto a one-two with Kulusevski on the Juve right.,2

WHAT A GOAL! Fernandinho was too casual on the edge of his own box as he chested the ball down and Lanzini is quickly in to nick it off him. He takes a touch before lifting a brilliant shot over Ederson and into the far top corner for a late consolation. 2-1! ,1

FERNANDINHO SCORES! West Ham have a chance to get out after Lanzini wins the ball back, but Bowen gifts it straight back to City. Gundogan touches it to Fernandinho in the middle, who is in acres of space, and he coolly slots his shot past Fabianski into the back of the net. 2-0 City! ,1

City are making a defensive change as the end of the game ticks closer, with Fernandinho coming on to replace Sterling. ,0

Cresswell was slowly being led around the edge of the pitch, and this time he is being taken off. He's taken straight down the tunnel, with Coufal replacing him.,0

Cancelo has two attempts at trying to trip Fornal, catching him with the second tackle, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

West Ham are making a change here, but it isn't Cresswell going off even though he's still receiving treatment on the sidelines. Benrahma does make way, with Lanzini on to replace him.,0

GUNDOGAN SCORES! It's a lovely switch of play from Cancelo firstly to pick out Mahrez on the right, and he cuts into the box before fizzing a dangerous low cross in. Gundogan is waiting at the far post, and he manages to flick it past Dawson in front of him and into the goal. 1-0 City! ,1

Laporte is scrambling back with Antonio and takes out the forward from behind with a poor challenge. He's protesting his innocence, but he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! WHAT A COMEBACK FROM CHELSEA!!! ABRAHAM FIRES THE BLUES AHEAD!!! 2-1!!! Chelsea produce a brilliant goal on the counter to take the lead. An Arsenal attack peters out and Abraham carries the ball forward with pace. He offloads to Willian in space down the right inside channel and the Brazilian cuts it back to his team-mate in the middle. Abraham turns Mustafi and holds his composure to fire a low strike through the legs of Leno into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! A HOWLER FROM LENO ALLOWS CHELSEA TO EQUALISE!!! 1-1!!! The Blues are back in the game as Jorginho taps home at the back post. Mount whips a free-kick into the box and it should be an easy claim or punch from the German. However, he misses the ball completely, allowing it to travel to an unmarked Jorginho. The midfielder takes a touch before slotting the ball into an empty net. A nightmare for the Arsenal keeper.,1

Jorginho commits a foul in the middle of the park to pull back Guendouzi. Arsenal appeal to the referee to give the midfielder his second booking and a red card. Lacazette vents his frustration at the official for not doing it and is himself booked.,2

Jorginho pulls back Lacazette as the Frenchman runs down the left flank. The referee books him for a cynical challenge.,2

Lampard has seen enough and alters the shape of his team. Emerson is withdrawn for Jorginho. Azpilicueta will drop into left-back and Tomori out to right-back.,0

Kante follows Mount into the book for pulling back Torreira. It's not going Chelsea's way at the moment.,2

Mount catches Maitland-Niles late twice in the space of five minutes. The referee punishes him for the second incident, booking the midfielder.,2

Chambers hobbles off under his own steam, but is replaced by Mustafi in the middle of the Arsenal backline.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! AUBAMEYANG HEADS ARSENAL IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!!! Aubameyang pounces from close range to put the Gunners into a deserved lead. Ozil's corner is flicked on by Chambers at the near post. Aubameyang is the first player to react as he gets ahead of Emerson before stooping to power a header past Kepa into the back of the net. The perfect start for Arteta.,1

Milivojevic is now substituted by Vieira, with Edouard given a few minutes to make a difference for the Eagles.,0

Having served Ivory Coast on international duty this week, goalscorer Cornet is offered some respite, and Vydra comes on looking to replicate his late strike against Chelsea.,0

A typically productive shift from Gallagher comes to a premature end, as Schlupp comes on in his place for Palace.,0

For a deliberate foul to break up a Palace counter-attack, Westwood is booked and will miss Burnley's next match.,2

 Ayew has been involved in several attacking moves, but Olise is now brought on in his place for the final half-hour.,0

PALACE BACK IN FRONT! A short corner is stood up to the back post by Ayew, and following a Pope save at point-blank range, Guehi turns the ball in past a forest of Burnley legs. Incredible stuff in this first half, as Palace regain the lead and are now 3-2 up!,1

WE ARE LEVEL AGAIN! The frantic pace continues, as Benteke makes amends for his previous miss by firing home past Pope, with a low shot from Gallagher's precision pass. Palace have got themselves back to parity, but the scoring surely won't stop here! 2-2 at Turf Moor!,1

THE CLARETS GO IN FRONT! Wood is on target with a header, after Tarkowski wins a challenge to meet the free-kick and nod down into the danger zone. A stirring comeback by the hosts, who have turned things around already! Burnley 2-1 Palace!,1

For an angry confrontation with Tarkowski in midfield - which then drew several others into a brief scrum - Zaha is booked by the referee.,2

MEE NETS THE EQUALISER! A tremendous inswinging corner by Westwood dips dangerously into the six-yard box, and Mee rises highest to net his eighth Premier League goal - his seventh from a header. It is now 1-1 at Turf Moor!,1

PALACE TAKE THE LEAD! Gallagher's deep cross is poorly defended by Cornet, whose header falls to Andersen. The Dane's pass finds Benteke in space, and the big striker turns a deflected shot into the net off the left-hand post! Burnley 0-1 Crystal Palace!,1

Harit, although a superb outlet for Marseille's creativity, makes way for Ndiaye. Like Scamacca's withdrawal earlier, these could prove very useful changes to preserve energy for the crucial second leg next week.,0

Balerdi gets a little too hands on with De Ketelaere and receives a booking for his harassment of the Belgian on the left touchline.,2

Scamacca comes off for Lookman here. Perhaps the dynamic Nigerian international is on for both added energy, but also to preserve the mercurial forward for the next encounter.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLLLL MBEMBA FOR 1-1! WOW. What a strike from the defender! Marseille go for that short corner and find success! Kondogbia receives on the edge and passes across for Mbemba, and he unleashes a rocket from inside of his right boot! Keeper had no chance as it struck the left post and nestled peacefully in the right sidce-netting as the home crowd eventually realised it had gone in. That was a worthy leveller to liven the home faithful.,1

Kolasinac's efforts to save a certain goal have cost him. He withdraws after landing awkwardly and Pasalic comes on in his place.,0

GOOOAAALLLL SCAMACCA OPENS THE SCORING FOR THE VISITORS! That silences the crowd! Musso whacks a long ball up the pitch and it's knocked down. Marseille's back line is all over the place and Koopmeiners places a fine ball through for the mercurial Scamacca who has all the time in the world to find the bottom-left corner! That's his sixth of the Europa League campaign!,1

GOAL! STEVEN BERGWIJN WINS IT FOR TOTTENHAM IN STUNNING FASHION! 3-2! Leicester City have snatched defeat from the jaws of victory! It's one of the most dramatic finales of the season! Tielemans fails to play it safe from the restart, and Spurs counter. Kane feeds the substitute, he rounds Schmeichel, and gets his second in off the far post! Stunning scenes!,1

GOAL! STEVEN BERGWIJN SNATCHES A POINT FOR TOTTENHAM! 2-2! From zero to hero for the Spurs man! Antonio Conte's unbeaten record looks to have been saved! Doherty brings down Hojbjerg's ball, and a fortunate bounce allows the substitute to crash it home at close-range past the wrong-footed Schmeichel.,1

Tottenham are looking for a set-piece off a foul and don't get it - but Bergwijn does get booked for a shove on Soyuncu and that will likely be that.,2

GOAL! JAMES MADDISON MIGHT HAVE WON IT FOR LEICESTER CITY! 2-1! A superb team goal and a wonderful finish for the Foxes! Barnes holds it up on the edge of the box after they play it back from halfway and his neat dink allows his team-mate to tuck it in, with a little deflection, off the near-right post!,1

Matt Doherty replaces Emerson in Tottenham's first change of the game, before the second half kicks off.,0

GOAL! HARRY KANE LEVELS FOR TOTTENHAM! 1-1! It's a superb bit of invention from the England man. He outstrips a wonky defence, brings down Winks' long ball, then cuts around Soyuncu and nails the equaliser in off the left post.,1

GOAL! PATSON DAKA OPENS THIS UP FOR LEICESTER CITY! 1-0! Against the run of play, the Foxes smash-and-grab their way to the lead! The hosts break, cut down the left flank into the box and despite several lunges from Tottenham's defence, he squeezes a finish in under pressure. Superb!,1

Pochettino takes the chance to rest some players, with the points secured. First, Verratti comes off for Michut in midfield.,0

Clermont respond to their collapse with another change: Bayo makes way for the more defensive option of Busquets.,0

SIX FOR PARIS! From nowhere, the visitors suddenly lead by five, as Mbappe turns provider for Neymar to strike home from close range past the disillusioned Desmas. 6-1 PSG!,1

MBAPPE HAT-TRICK! Right at the top of his game now, Mbappe nets his third goal of the game, with a curling finish into the top-right corner from the edge of the box. Yet again, Messi provided the assist, but the clinical finish comes from his younger team-mate. Now, it's 5-1 to PSG!,1

MBAPPE DOUBLES UP! Another world class exhibition opens up the Clermont defence, as Neymar's exquisite outside-of-the-foot pass drops over Mbappe's shoulder and into the striker's path. Without hesitation, he pulls the ball down and skips around Desmas to roll the ball into an empty net from close range. 4-1 PSG!,1

PSG STRIKE THREE! From the spot, Neymar strokes the ball into the left side of the net, after taking a typically staggered run-up to the ball. Desmas is well beaten, and Paris lead 3-1!,1

The impressive Berthomier sees his shift brought to an early conclusion, as Kyei comes on in his place.,0

Clermont have opted for a triple change, as they attempt to salvage something from this game. First, Dossou makes way for Allevinah.,0

Clearly riled by Maignan's challenge on him going unpunished by a yellow card, Neymar charges into a needless challenge with Zedadka and is booked.,2

CLERMONT STRIKE BACK! The hosts reduce their arrears! A delightful pass from Berthomier finds Khaoui charging towards the right byline, with Ramos left flat-footed, and Dossou arrives with perfect timing to turn the ball in at the far post. Clermont 1-2 PSG!,1

MBAPPE DOES IT AGAIN! PSG's superstar triumvirate combine with sublime skill to provide their side with a wonderful second goal: Neymar clipping in a cross from the left, which Messi chests down and guides into Mbappe's path. The French forward does not hesitate in sliding the ball home past a stranded Desmas, and Paris lead 2-0!,1

PSG LEAD! Capitalising on their early supremacy, the visitors go in front through Neymar, who takes a low pass from Messi into his stride, takes a touch and then fires the ball into the back of the net from the edge of the six-yard box. Already, it's Clermont 0-1 PSG!,1

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! IT HAS BEEN COMING! Kane gets the ball before Konate can intercept and fires a low shot from a pretty tight angle into the far post. Game on! TOTTENHAM 1-2 LIVERPOOL,1

Tottenham make their first changes as they look to get back in this. First, Emerson comes off for Doherty.,0

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH DOUBLES LIVERPOOL'S LEAD! A huge mistake from Dier as he heads the ball into Salah's path. The Liverpool man sprints forward, and gets the better of Lloris! Tottenham 0-2 Liverpool!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLL! TOTTENHAM 0-1 LIVERPOOL! Mohamed Salah opens up the scoring for the reds. He receives the ball right in the middle of the penalty box, takes a touch to open his body up, and volleys it into the back of the net!,1

Toloi acts with fury against the referee on the sideline and manages to get himself a red card even though he's not on the pitch.,3

Kulusevski's outstanding game comes to an end as Bonucci replaces the forward. Pirlo shores up his defence for the final stages of the game.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CHIESA CONVERTS!!!!! 2-1 JUVENTUS!!!! Chiesa was denied by the post earlier in the second half, but on this occasion he places a strike past Gollini. He starts the move by cutting in from the left flank and rolling a pass to Kulusevski. The forward plays a sublime pass towards his run into the left-inside channel. Chiesa takes a great first touch before slotting his effort into the bottom-left corner. A huge moment in the contest.,1

The goalscorer Malinovskiy makes way after a quiet second half. Muriel replaces the Russian in the final third.,0

WHAT A GOAL!!!!! MALINOVSKIY EQUALISES WITH A BULLET STRIKE!!! 1-1!!! La Dea are level as the Russian penetrates a wall of Juve defenders to find the back of the net. Hateboer finds Malinovskiy in acres of space on the edge of the box. He takes a touch to bring the ball on to his left foot before hammering his effort through a crowd of players and past Buffon. The veteran stopper had no chance with that one.,1

De Ligt brings down Zapata with a cynical challenge and goes into the book. Both Juve centre-backs have now been cautioned.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KULUSEVSKI PUTS JUVE AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The Bianconeri take the lead on the counter as Kulusevksi bends a strike into the right corner of the net. Cuadrado starts the move by winning a challenge in midfield to allow Kulusevski to break. He feeds Ronaldo, who is halted by a good challenge by Romero. However, the deflection favours Juve as McKennie picks out Kulusevski in the right-inside channel. He then expertly guides his left-footed effort with precision past Gollini.,1

Chiellini brings down Pessina on the edge of the box with a lunge and goes into the book. Atalanta have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Reus breezes past Pavard before Upamecano clatters into him to stop the run. He gets nowhere near the ball and is shown a yellow card.,2

Lewandowski was going for the ball, but he was late as he stepped on Bellingham's shin, and he also has his name taken by the referee.,2

Bellingham pushes into Neuer after the goalkeeper clears his lines. It's a needless foul for him to give away and it's earned him a yellow card.,2

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! He tries to catch the keeper out by stopping just before hitting the spot-kick; he hops and drills it towards the bottom-right corner. Kobel still dives the right way and gets a touch, but he can't stop it from nestling in the back of the net. 3-2 Bayern! ,1

Hernandez tried to carry on, but he's struggling to put weight on his ankle. He's taken off and replaced by Sule.,0

Brandt goes off to a standing ovation from the fans in the stadium and Wolf is brought on in his place. ,0

HAALAND EQUALISES! It looks like the chance is gone after Meunier plays it behind Reus, but Bellingham latches onto Upamecano's clearance. He lays it off to Haaland, who curls a lovely shot past Neuer and in off the outside of the far post. 2-2! ,1

COMAN SCORES! It's another mistake from Dortmund at the back as Guerreiro hits his clearance against Hummels and it pinballs straight to Coman's feet. He takes a touch before firing his shot over a back-tracking Guerreiro on the goal line and into the roof of the net. 2-1 Bayern!,1

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! Hummels thinks he has time on the ball, but Muller blocks his pass before breaking quickly through the middle. Muller carries it towards the edge of the box before Lewandowski takes over and slots his shot past Kobel and into the right corner to equalise. 1-1!,1

BRANDT SCORES! It's all too easy for Dortmund from the drop ball as Guerreiro lifts it over the top to Bellingham. He curls a cross into Brandt on the edge of the box, and he keeps his composure as he takes it away from Hernandez. Neuer rushes out, but Brandt rifles his shot into the back of the net. 1-0 Dortmund! ,1

Madrid's final change is a double one. Vinicius goes off with a goal and two assists to his name today. Guler comes on in his place.,0

Mendy catches Couto with a late tackle and is the first Madrid player to be shown a yellow card. It's a booking that means he'll miss their next league game.,2

There are changes for both sides here, starting with a double swap for Madrid. Rodrygo is taken off for Joselu, who scored and assisted against Girona in the reverse fixture.,0

Dovbyk, who has been an isolated figure for much of this game, is replaced by Stuani, who has seven goals in 15 matches against Madrid.,0

Couto stuck out a leg to trip Camavinga, but the Frenchman rode the challenge and carried on. At the next break in play, the referee goes back to it and books the right-back for the challenge. It's a costly booking too, as he'll miss the next match.,2

RODRYGO SCORES! That should do it for Madrid! Couto gets caught on the ball by Vinicius on the halfway line, and he quickly knocks it onto Rodrygo. He only has one thing in mind. He surges through the middle and as soon as he gets to the edge of the box, he puts his laces through it, giving Gazzaniga no chance as it hits the back of the net. 4-0 Madrid!,1

Bellingham's foot slipped out from underneath him in the box, and he goes to ground once more. He gives a shake of his head to say he can't carry on and goes straight off. Diaz is brought on in his place.,0

BELLINGHAM SCORES AGAIN! It's played out to Vinicius on the left, and he takes on two Girona defenders himself, getting away from Couto and Eric Garcia before sending a low shot across goal. Gazzaniga gets down to palm it away, but he puts it right at Bellingham's feet, and he's left with a simple tap-in into an empty net. 3-0 Madrid!,1

Unsurprisingly, Girona are making a change at the start of the second half to try and inject something a bit different. Portu is taken off, with Torre on in his place.,0

BELLINGHAM SCORES! It's a delightful curling cross from Vinicius, who is hugging the left touchline, and he bends it straight into Bellingham's feet after he darts between the two centre-backs. Gazzaniga rushes out, but the Englishman rounds the goalkeeper before emphatically firing his shot across goal and into the far side netting. 2-0 Madrid!,1

The referee was surrounded by Girona players following the decision to award Madrid the free-kick, and once he's cleared them away, he can book Juanpe for the shove on Camavinga.,2

VINICIUS SCORES! Madrid get an early goal! Valverde pops up on the left after driving across the field and he touches it into Vincius' feet. He dribbles away from two Girona players before deciding to have a go from range. Gazzaniga has no chance as it flies past him and into the far side of the net. 1-0 Madrid!,1

PSG make their first change of the game, with Di Maria coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Choupo-Moting.,0

Another yellow card, this time it is shown to Verratti after his late challenge on Skuletic. The midfielder dives into the tackle and takes the legs of the striker, not getting anywhere near the ball.,2

Alves is the first PSG player to be booked after he fouls Aguilar just outside the penalty area, in a good position for Mollet to whip the ball into the box.,2

The referee shows the first yellow card of the game to Oyongo after his foul on Alves, who appears to be in some pain following the challenge.,2

Here is the first substitution for the visitors, with Mendes forced off with injury and he has been replaced by Cozza.,0

Three shots, two goals and a job well done for Ings today who takes his league tally to 11! He's taken off for Adams with a few minutes to go.,0

Long has put in a good shift up top and it was his shot that led to the opening goal, but he's taken off for Obafemi.,0

Looking to hold onto their lead, Hasenhuttl sacrifices a more attacking threat in Armstrong for defensive midfielder Romeu.,0

GOAL! GREALISH MAKES IT 3-1! Captain Jack takes matters into his own hands and it's a beauty from outside the box! Southampton clear the corner only as far as Grealish at the edge of the box and he chests it down superbly, lets it bounce then rifles his effort into the top-right corner.,1

A yellow card proves to be El Ghazi's final contribution on a day where he's failed to deliver - he comes off for Trezeguet.,0

GOAAAL! A BRACE FOR INGS! He makes it 3-0 Southampton with a powerful finish at the near post. Hojbjerg starts the move with a great pass wide to Redmond, and his cross is poorly defended by Nakamba and Ings is in the right place again to shoot past Heaton.,1

Ward-Prowse picks up the first yellow card of the game for catching Grealish from behind - free-kick for Villa coming up.,2

GOAAL! 2-0 SAINTS! Villa's heads are dropping as Stephens heads in a Ward-Prowse corner. He gets in front of El Ghazi and leaps to meet the delivery at the near post, heading across Heaton and into the right of the goal.,1

GOAAAL! 1-0 SAINTS! Ings keeps his excellent run of form going! He's in the right place at the right time to get on the end of Long's effort. Long initially spun in behind the Villa defence to get on the end of Redmond's pass and drew a good save from Heaton, but Ings is on hand to convert the rebound.,1

McGinn's game comes to an unfortunate early end as he's taken off for Nakamba. Dean Smith will be hoping he's not out for too long with the games coming thick and fast this Christmas.,0

Goalkeeper Patrício also makes way for third-choice shot-stopper Norris, who has not played a minute this season.,0

Nuno Espirito Santo makes a triple substitution to allow some of his fringe players to take to the field. Boly departs for Kilman, making his debut.,0

GOAL!! Wolves take the lead! Moutinho plays it down the line for Doherty, who fizzes a low ball into the middle where Dendoncker arrives to steer home! It's 1-0 to Wolves!,1

Christie picks up a yellow card for persistently holding onto Jota on the flank. Moutinho stands over the free-kick again menacingly.,2

Le Marchand slides in rashly on Jonny and gets none of the ball down the flank, giving away a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Chambers picks up a yellow card as the ball is turned over sloppily to Jimenez, fouling the striker to prevent a counter-attack.,2

Jota leads a counter-attack and skips past Christie inside the box, but goes down under no challenge and is rightly shown a yellow card for diving. ,2

Pique goes into the book for a foul in an aerial battle with Mayoral, handing Levante another free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI GETS THE BREAKTHROUGH!!! 1-0 BARCA!! The Catalan club break the deadlock and who else but Messi gets the goal. Dembele opened up the Levante defence with a run into the middle. However, he and Suarez were unable to forge a way through to goal. Vidal ensured that the visitors could not break out and he forced the ball towards Messi. The forward took one touch to control before placing his strike into the bottom corner, beating the hand of Aitor.,1

Rakitic brings down Mayoral with a sliding challenge and he goes into the book after failing to win the ball.,2

VINICIUS MAKES IT FOUR! The winger gets on the ball on the left-hand side and plays a simple square pass to Asensio, allowing him the necessary time to get into the penalty area. The newly substituted Asensio then finds Alaba, whose simple chip into the six-yard box is met with a thumping header by Vinicius! 4-1!,1

The third Real Madrid change is in attack as Benzema is given a rest - allowing Jovic to stretch his legs.,0

Ancelotti makes three substitutions late in the match, with the three points more or less secured. The first sees a change in midfield, with Asensio replacing Modric.,0

GOAL! Joselu smashes his penalty into the left corner, sending Courtois the opposite way in the process! Alaves have pulled one back - 3-1!,1

PENALTY TO ALAVES! Guidetti breaks into the penalty area in possession and draws out Courtois, who rushes off his line and brings the striker down with a trailing leg! It’s a yellow card for the goalkeeper, who has given the hosts a lifeline from the spot!,2

3-0 REAL MADRID! Valverde is able to surge through the midfield completely unmarked, entering the penalty area without defenders in the vicinity. The Uruguay international squares a pass for Benzema, whose first shot is blocked by a falling Pacheco, before the rebound is buried by the Madrid captain! ,1

NACHO MAKES IT 2-0 MADRID! A quick corner-kick from Modric is taken to Hazard, who passes to Valverde on the outside of the penalty area. The Uruguay midfielder returns it back to the wing for Modric, whose teasing cross to the edge of the six-yard box is met by a diving Nacho, who turns it past Pacheco!,1

Bale gets into trouble with the referee after his high boot catches the top of Duarte’s foot. It’s a yellow card for the winger, and a real chance for Alaves to trouble Courtois from the ensuing set-piece.,2

REAL MADRID TAKE THE LEAD! Vazquez gets on the end of a Bale cross at the far post and immediately passes it inside for Hazard. The winger flicks the ball up between his legs, teeing up Benzema for a volley, which the striker takes with aplomb! 1-0 to the visitors!,1

Garcia is booked for an awkward and mistimed challenge on Benzema in midfield, which gives Real Madrid a chance to put pressure on Pacheco from a set-piece.,2

The yellow card count increases as Bacuna becomes the ninth player to be booked in the game after fouling Mkhitaryan.,2

GOOOOOOOOAL! 1-0 Arsenal! Guendouzi plays a superb pass through into the middle that Aubameyang takes down superbly, although he cannot get a shot on goal and sees his effort blocked. He is alert enough to pounce on the loose ball though and lofts a pass into the middle where Torreira acrobatically volleys home.,1

Arsenal appeal for a penalty once again as Guendouzi charges into the box and goes down under pressure from Mooy but the decision goes against him, earning the Gunners' third booking in this match for simulation.,2

Confirmation of Arsenal's third and final substitution, which allows Monreal to make his return to the side.,0

Double change at the break for Arsenal, the first of which sees Iwobi replace Lichtsteiner in a move that suggests the hosts will revert to a back four.,0

Another yellow card for Arsenal and another card for simulation. Mustafi hits the deck inside the area following a corner and the officials are not impressed with his theatrics. He too will be suspended for next weekend's tie with Southampton.,2

Now Sokratis has his name taken for a very poor challenge on Hogg, which means he will miss Arsenal's trip to Southampton next weekend.,2

A poor challenge from Williams on Torreira sees the Huddersfield man earn a booking and Arsenal's players are furious, believing further punishment was necessary.,2

Pritchard hauls Lichtsteiner down in midfield with a rugby-esque challenge and deservedly has his name taken by the referee.,2

Xhaka earns the game's first yellow card for simulation, which is a tad harsh as he had his heels clipped by Mooy.,2

Gomez receives a late yellow card after his challenge on Valverde. The Madrid midfielder looks uncomfortable.,2

GOAALLLLLL! GAME OVER! 3-1 MADRID! The game should be over now. Positioned just outside the box, Asensio slides the ball to his right where Valverde is positioned. Taking one touch, the midfielder crashes the ball into the top corner with the goalkeeper still in the centre of the goal.,1

GOAALLLLL! VAZQUEZ SCORES! 2-1 MADRID! The home side have their lead back. Asensio slides the ball into the path of Vinicius who races one-on-one with the goalkeeper. With Vazquez in support, the Brazilian gets his second assist of the game, laying it into his path for a simple finish.,1

GOALLLLLLL! LAMELA SCORES! 1-1! Sevilla have found an equaliser. A threaded ball through on the edge of the box by Montiel finds the Sevilla winger who evaded the Madrid defence. From a tight angle, he slots the ball past Courtois who got a touch on it. However, it was not enough, with the ball rolling over the line.,1

Tchouameni gets a yellow card after sliding down Lamela on the edge of the box. It is within shooting range.,2

Jordan gets the first yellow card of the game after sliding down Vinicius who was breaking down the middle of the pitch.,2

GOAALLLLLL! MODRIC SCORES! 1-0 MADRID! The home side take an early lead through their captain. Vinícius does well to dispossess Montiel, bursting into the box with the ball. He waits for onrushing Madrid players, sliding the ball across to Modric who has a simple finish from close range.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FIRMINO MAKES IT 2-1! The Brazilian may have just won it for Liverpool! Firmino is picked out by Henderson in the box after Salah was initially snuffed out. He cuts inside onto his left foot before lashing the ball into the far corner of the net.,1

Neto is given a rest by Nuno as he is replaced by the returning Diogo Jota, who is given a rousing reception by the Molineux faithful.,0

Robertson has his name taken after bringing down Traore on the edge of the area. This is a great chance for Wolves...,2

EQUALISER!!! JIMENEZ MAKES IT 1-1! Wolves hit Liverpool with a devastating counter. Having kick-started the attack and initially fed Traore down the right wing, the Mexican arrives to meet his cross and power home a header.,1

HENDERSON!!! 1-0 TO LIVERPOOL! The Premier League leaders strike first! From the resulting corner, Henderson arrives to meet Alexander-Arnold's delivery. Patricio gets a hand to his header, but is unable to keep it out.,1

Having shown some flashes of his potential on debut, Thorstvedt will be replaced by Harroui for the final 10 minutes.,0

Apparently in a little discomfort, having missed several months and a lot of pre-season, McKennie comes off for Soule.,0

To rapturous applause, Di Maria's debut comes to its end, and Miretti is offered an opportunity to impress in the final half-hour.,0

Dionisi is at least attempting to get back into the match, rather than trying to keep the score down: Kyriakopoulos comes off for ex-Inter striker Pinamonti.,0

DUSAN AT THE DOUBLE! Vlahovic pounces with a poacher's goal, after Sassuolo give the ball away deep inside their defensive third and Di Maria threads the ball through to his attacking colleague. The Serbian striker steers it home at the back post, on the stretch, and Juventus lead 3-0! Surely game over?,1

After an ineffective first half up front, Defrel makes way for Raspadori, who could well be making his final Sassuolo appearance today.,0

VLAHOVIC OFF THE MARK! It's 2-0 to Juve, as Vlahovic stays ice-cool in the heat to hammer the ball past Consigli for the second! The goalkeeper dives towards the corner as the big striker places his penalty straight down the middle!,1

On his Serie A debut, Thorstvedt is booked for a coming-together with Bremer, which saw the latter struck by his opponent's arm.,2

JUVE LEAD! Once again, Sandro makes progress down the left, and his cross finds Di Maria on the edge of the box. The Serie A debutant then volleys the ball down into the turf, which sends it looping over a helpless Consigli and into the top corner! What a way to break the deadlock! Juventus 1-0 Sassuolo!,1

Locatelli picks up Juve's first yellow card of the season, for a reckless sliding challenge on former Sassuolo team-mate Berardi.,2

After picking up an early injury, Muldur makes way for Toljan at right-back for Sassuolo, in a like-for-like swap.,0

Politano, who's been rough-housed all game, finally makes way for Candreva. He can be pleased with his work today.,0

Again PSV can't make the free-kick count. Spalletti's men are extremely well-drilled at set-pieces. Between the foul and the free-kick, Nainggolan goes off. Valero takes his place for Inter.,0

Asamoah is booked for sliding in on Lozano just as de Jong looked to have set the Mexican clear down the right wing. PSV have a free-kick in a centre-right position.,2

GOAL! 2-1 INTER! We clearly tempted fate there. Vecino lofts a wonderful ball into the PSV area from a right-back area. Icardi nods it down away from Viergever and an onrushing Zoet, who collide in mid-air, leaving Icardi to tap the ball in! ,1

GOAL! A deserved equaliser for Inter! Asamoah shoots from a long way out. Zoet saves well but spills it! Icardi tries to finish it off, the shot is blocked and it falls to Nainggolan, who rifles into a gaping net! 1-1!,1

Handanovic rushes wide out of his area to deal with an onrushing Bergwijn and handles the ball. He's booked. Lozano shoots directly from the free-kick and forces the Slovenian to tip it over!,2

GOAL! Immediately PSV go up the other end and score! Lozano and Rosario combine for a carbon copy of Rosario's earlier deflected attempt. This time Rosario makes no mistake, firing a lovely shot in the top right corner of Handanovic's goal. 1-0 PSV! ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MANE HAMMERS HOME A VOLLEY!!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The Reds have been knocking on the door and finally get their second goal. Elliott and Alexander-Arnold combine to release the forward into acres of space through a chasm in the Burnley defence. Mane takes on the strike first time on the half-volley, dispatching his effort low and hard into the bottom-right corner past Pope.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! JOTA HEADS LIVERPOOL IN FRONT!!!!! 1-0!!!!!!! The home side take the lead as the Portuguese notches his second strike of the season. Tsimikas raids down the left flank and sends a precise cross into the box. It travels over Tarkowski and towards Jota, who makes no mistake guiding his header away from Pope into the bottom-right corner.,1

Spalletti tries to add some extra fight to his midfield, with Anguissa now at the heart of midfield instead of Zielinski.,0

Giroud is back on his feet, but he will now watch the rest of the game from the bench, with Rebic getting the chance to impress.,0

GOAAALLL - NAPOLI 0-1 MILAN - Lift off for Milan!! Giroud fires his team into the lead after a free-kick was not dealt with by Napoli. The ball was only cleared to the edge of the box, allowing Calabria to go for goal. The right-back scuffed his shot into the path of Giroud, who poked his effort past Ospina, and we finally have our first goal of the evening.,1

Giroud will feel hard done by on that occasion, as he made a legitimate challenge for the ball, but as we all know, you cannot touch the goalkeeper in the modern game.,2

Rrahmani joins team-mate Koulibaly in the referee's book after a strong challenge on Hernandez near the halfway line.,2

Understandably, Gray's celebration was a rather wild one. Too wild for Mike Dean, who books the goalscorer for taking off his shirt.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! That might have won it for Everton, and WHAT A FINISH!!!! They counter through Gomes, who finds Gray out wide. He cuts inside, and again, and again, before unleashing an absolute bell-ringer of a shot from 20 yards that cracks the right post on its way in to make it 2-1!!! What a strike!!!!,1

GOOOOALLLLL!!!!! Third time lucky for Everton!!! No categorical reason to deny this one, as Gray curls a wicked finish towards goal. With Ramsdale beaten, it smashes the crossbar, but Richarlison is lurking to head in the rebound and finally Everton have a goal! 1-1, and don't go anywhere!,1

Arsenal receive a free-kick for a Gomes foul on Saka, but when Ødegaard feigns taking it to waste time, the referee brandishes a yellow card in his face.,2

Tierney comes off, having set up the only (non-disallowed) goal of the game so far, as Nuno Tavares takes his place at left-back.,0

Everton counter as Doucoure finds Gordon searing towards goal. He looks to cut inside to create a chance, but is dragged down by Xhaka, who is rightly booked as he concedes the free-kick.,2

Saka is caught late by Godfrey again, and this time the Everton defender goes into the book for the first yellow card of this match.,2

GOOOOOALLLLLL!!!! No doubt about that one!!! Arsenal fly up the pitch into Everton's half, and Tierney crosses into the box. It's set to land right on the penalty spot, where Odegaard is arriving to stroke home a beautiful first-time volley into the net to make it 1-0!!! What a last few minutes to end this half!,1

Mina, who's only just returned from a lengthy spell out, has picked up a slight injury, and Mason Holgate will come on for him as he can't carry on. Perhaps a precautionary change from Rafa Benitez, but that's perhaps a sign that Mina was brought back into the side too early?,0

GOAL!! Tel finishes brilliantly to cap off an impressive display. He runs onto Sarr's magnificent through ball and slots home with a low shot from a tight angle.,1

GOAL BAYERN! Kratzig turns in Kimmich's cross from close range to score his first goal for the club! Bayern lead 3-0.,1

GOAL!! There was no stopping that from Laimer! Goretzka dinks a wonderful cross to the defender at the back post, who looks as though he shapes up to head the ball back across the six-yard box, but he doesn't - he loops it over Schenk's head and into the opposite corner. Bayern lead 2-0!,1

Tuchel is taking no chances with Gnabry after he suffered that knock earlier on. He brings the winger off for Kratzig.,0

GOAL!! There's a mix-up in the box between the Munster defence as Tel's cross troubles the home side, and as the ball drops just outside the six-yard box, Choupo-Moting is in the right place to poke the ball into the net. Munich take the early lead!,1

Another Dortmund substitution, with Alcacer coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Bruun Larsen.,0

Dortmund make their first substitution, with Hazard coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Brandt.,0

Barcelona make a double substitution, with Fati coming off and he has been replaced by Messi, who is making his long awaited return from injury.,0

Hakimi does well to work space on the edge of the Barcelona penalty area, he skips past Pique, who then slides in and brings him down. Dortmund now have a free-kick in a very good shooting position and Pique is shown a yellow card.,2

Hazard is booked after he brings Sergi Roberto down on the halfway line, as the Barca man looked to counter quickly.,2

Barcelona have been forced into making a substitution, with Alba unable to run off his injury and he has been replaced by Sergi Roberto.,0

Delaney hacks down Busquets in the middle of the pitch and he is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLL!!!! NICE MAY WELL HAVE WON IT AT THE DEATH! IT'S DELORT WITH THE GOAL! The substitute rifles home a volley at the back post after Stengs provided a wonderful delivery. Have the home team done enough to claim a huge win?,1

Nice have made their fifth and final sub, with Kluivert replaced after missing that chance, and Boudaoui replacing him on the wing.,0

Stengs is also on for Thuram for Nice, as they look to add more penetration in attack with a fourth switch.,0

Icardi becomes the first PSG substitute to enter the fray, replacing Di Maria, whose early miss remains the visitors' best chance.,0

Lotomba replaces Daniliuc for Nice now, with the Austrian having performed admirably against Neymar at right-back.,0

Schneiderlin is also on for the hosts, replacing Lemina, who had picked up a booking and looked to be struggling with a head injury in the last couple of minutes.,0

Lemina goes into the book for that cynical foul, bringing Messi down after the Ballon d'Or winner beat the former Southampton man with a cheeky nutmeg.,2

RED CARD FOR RAMOS! Jesus pounces on a mistake by the Madrid back line and is through on goal. Ramos catches Jesus with his trailing leg and the Madrid captain has to go! What will that do to the complexion of this tie?,3

GOAL! 2-1 CITY! De Bruyne makes no mistake from the spot, sending Courtois the wrong way and dragging the penalty into the bottom left corner. It's his 50th goal for City!,1

GOAL! 1-1 CITY! Jesus gets behind Ramos to flick in De Bruyne's cross with his head. City are back in the game! They also have a valuable away goal.,1

GOAL! 1-0 MADRID! That's totally against the run of play! Otamendi's pass into Rodri is poor and Madrid press. Walker should clear but doesn't, Vinicius intercepts and finds Isco alone in the box, who can't miss!,1

Valverde gets a yellow card for a cynical challenge on Gundogan. We know what skulduggery he's capable of after his exploits in the Supercopa de Espana.,2

Laporte walks off, shaking his head with disappointment. Fernandinho replaces him at centre-back for City.,0

Benjamin Mendy earns the first yellow card of the game as he brings Isco down on the flank. He'll miss the second leg of this tie now. ,2

GOALLLL! LUKAKU BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0 INTER! Lukaku has been superb since coming on and has now scored. Getting on the end of a cross from Barella, his header comes off the post. Reacting quickly to the rebound, the substitute crashes the following attempt past Costa.,1

Porto are making a tactical change. They have added an extra defender with left-back Wendell replacing Taremi.,0

Another change for Inter. Dumfries comes on to add energy down the right wing with Skriniar coming off. Darmian moves back to centre-back.,0

RED CARD FOR OTAVIO! Otavio receives a second yellow card after a late tackle on Calhanoglu on the edge of Porto's box. The away side will have to play 12 minutes with 10 men.,3

A third change for Inter. Mkhitaryan is given a rest and is replaced by Brozovic who started the previous game.,0

Pepe Aquino is given a yellow card after crashing into Calhanoglu. The referee tries to let the game continue but brings it back for an Inter free-kick.,2

A second substitution for Inter. Dimarco, who has put in some dangerous crosses, comes off for Gosens.,0

Inzaghi has seen enough and is making his first change of the game. It comes in the attack with Lukaku coming on for Dzeko.,0

Porto make their first substitution with Galeno down injured. Evanilson comes on in his place and goes out to the right wing.,0

Dimarco goes into the book after rushing across the pitch to get involved in the pushing and pulling with both sets of players coming together.,2

In the final minute of stoppage time, Seck is offered a brief cameo. Opening goalscorer Sanabria takes the applause as he departs.,0

Juric makes two further substitutions. First, Karamoh replaces Vlasic, scorer of Torino's second goal today.,0

Meanwhile, Napoli make their final change: Cajuste comes off, with Gaetano sent on for the closing stages.,0

Having played a part in two goals today, a productive shift for Zapata comes to its end. Pellegri replaces the Colombian striker up front.,0

Politano is the latest Napoli player withdrawn by the despairing Mazzarri; Lindstrom is sent on in his place.,0

TORO HAVE THEIR THIRD! Easily beating Juan Jesus in the air, Buongiorno rises highest to head past Gollini, who can't quite keep it out of the top corner! The centre-back meets Lazaro's curling corner-kick with authority, and that's 3-0 to Torino! It's total disintegration for Napoli in Turin!,1

TORINO GO TWO UP! Soon after Napoli are reduced to 10 men, Toro strike again! The Granata are on course for victory now! Twenty yards out, Vlasic controls a low pass from the left by Zapata, then takes two touches to steady himself before drilling an unstoppable angled shot past Gollini! It was right in the bottom corner! That's 2-0 to the hosts, who are totally in control!,1

NAPOLI DOWN TO 10 MEN! Five minutes into his debut, Mazzocchi gets his marching orders! The Napoli fan is sent off following a pitchside review by the referee, after he was initially yellow-carded for a reckless, studs-up challenge on Lazaro! His dream becomes a nightmare, and the champions are really up against it now!,3

Napoli seem set for a change of formation, as Naples-born Mazzocchi comes on for his debut just days after signing for his boyhood club; the full-back replaces a midfielder, Zielinski.,0

TORO TAKE THE LEAD! The champions trail again! After Lobotka brings down Vlasic midway through Napoli's half, Ilic delivers a free-kick into the area. Zapata fails to control it, but Sanabria reacts to an unintentional first touch by slotting home past a stranded Gollini! It was a cool finish, and that puts Torino 1-0 up just before half-time; Napoli can't really complain!,1

Picking up the first yellow card of the game, Zielinski is booked for upending Bellanova near the touchline. It was a fairly tame tackle, but ill-timed.,2

Gudmundsson is late getting across to Rice and just steps across him to stop the run. He picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2

Martinelli goes down holding his hamstring, and after receiving some treatment, he's going to go off. Arteta is using the opportunity to bring on an extra defender in Kiwior.,0

Obafemi has had a lot of injury problems so far this season, but he's getting a chance to come on here. He replaces the goalscorer, Brownhill.,0

VIEIRA IS SENT OFF! Taylor nods the ball down to Brownhill, who is the favourite to get to it. Vieira sticks a leg out almost lazily, and he catches the Burnley midfielder high on the shin. The collision looked accidental, but it's a really poor challenge and he's given his marching orders. Arsenal will finish the game with 10 men.,3

There's a double change for Arsenal now. The scorer of the opening goal, Trossard, is replaced by Nketiah, who scored a hat-trick in his last appearance at the Emirates.,0

It's a double change for Burnley here. Bruun Larsen, who scored the winning goal against Luton in the Clarets' only victory this season, is brought on for Koleosho.,0

WHAT A GOAL! It's incredible by Zinchenko! Trossard whips the corner into the box, and it hits O'Shea, who watches with relief as it smacks the crossbar. The rebound bounces in front of Zinchenko, who leaps up to volley it, almost karate kick style, past a static Trafford and into the far top corner. 3-1 Arsenal!,1

Arsenal were ready to make this change before they retook the lead, but they now have the chance to do it. Havertz goes off, with Vieira on in his place.,0

SALIBA SCORES! Burnley weren't level for long! Trossard goes over to take the corner and he whips a cross right onto the goal line. Trafford gets blocked in and is beaten to the ball by Saliba, who nods in from close range. 2-1 Arsenal!,1

BROWNHILL EQUALISES! It's all about Koleosho's run to start the move, and it looks like Tomiyasu has it covered, but the defender is just outmuscled as he goes to ground. Koleosho keeps it alive, pulling it back to Rodriguez, but he's closed down by Gabriel. The deflection falls to Brownhill, with a deflection off Rodriguez taking it past Raya. The goal passes a quick VAR check, and it's 1-1!,1

TROSSARD SCORES! Just before half-time, Arsenal finally break Burnley down! Zinchenko has put some good crosses into the box, and this is no different as he picks out Saka. He cushions a header back towards the near post and Trossard is brave as he throws himself onto the end of it. He nods it past Trafford before colliding with the post. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

Izzo, who has attempted a game-high six tackles in his 88 minutes, comes off, and Gianluca Caprari will replace the defender as Monza look to snatch an equaliser.,0

Pessina does well to dispossess Dumfries, but is soon clattered into by Skriniar, who is shown a yellow card by the referee for the rather wild challenge.,2

Opening scorer Darmian comes off following an impressive performance, and Dutchman Denzel Dumfries will replace the right-wing-back for Inter.,0

Gagliardini slides in recklessly on Augusto and takes the wing-back to ground, being shown an immediate yellow card for the foul by the referee.,2

Mkhitaryan's all over Pessina and shunts the Monza captain to ground inside Inter's half, conceding a needless free-kick and picking up a yellow card, the first of this game, for his troubles.,2

Barella is next off for the leading side, and he's replaced in the centre of the park by Roberto Gagliardini.,0

Inter make their first alterations of the match, firstly bringing off Calhanoglu for Kristjan Asllani.,0

Monza make a half-time defensive switch, with Luca Caldirola replacing Marlon at the back for the home side.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Inter are back in the lead, and it's a horror show at the back for Monza!!! Martinez presses Mari aggressively and wins the ball from the defender inside the six-yard box. Di Gregorio is in no-man's land, and can't get to the ball as the Argentine slots it home from just yards out! A freak goal for the visitors, but one which puts them back in front with a 2-1 lead.,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! An immediate response!!!! Pessina darts down the right but looks to have run out of room before releasing Ciurria in the box. He cuts inside and curls a lovely shot beyond the reach of Acerbi and Onana, nestling the ball in the far corner to lock the scores up at 1-1! What a game we've got on our hands here!,1

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!!! The Nerazzurri hit the front!!! Darmian starts a move which sees Skriniar move the ball to the left, and from there, Bastoni whips in a very inviting cross, which bypasses everyone before Darmian arrives late at the back post to slot the ball home from close range! It's a really smart finish from the wing-back, and it gives Inter a 1-0 lead here!,1

Frustration gets to Llorente, who appeals a bit too strongly for a yellow card to be shown to Fernando after a seemingly unintentional handball. Instead, it’s the Atleti midfielder who is booked - another one of Simeone’s players who will miss the Betis tie.,2

Ex-Milan winger Suso is replaced with 13 minutes left by another former Serie A attacker, as Gomez is on in his place.,0

The second change is not like-for-like as midfielder Kondogbia is on for Hermoso - who plays at centre-back. ,0

SEVILLA BREAK THE DEADLOCK! 1-0 TO THE VISITORS! Suso’s intelligent pass into the penalty area splits two Atleti defenders and allows Navas time and space to chip a cross to the far post on his way to the byline. Acuna steps up unmarked and manages to power his header past Oblak - giving the hosts the lead!,1

It appears as though Suarez has gone into the referee’s book as well - perhaps for something he said after the Acuna tackle. It appears a harsh booking and one that means he’ll miss next week’s match against Real Betis.,2

Felipe is shown an early yellow card for cutting across and deliberately stepping on the foot of Ocampos nowhere near the ball. The Sevilla winger looks to be in real pain after that collision.,2

The ball takes an age to go out of play. Once it does, Diaz is finally introduced for Casemiro for around two minutes of action.,0

Mahmoud becomes the first player to be shown a yellow card today following a foul on Kroos, who was looking to charge through.,2

Hazard is given 10 minutes or so to test his ankle. Benzema departs and passes on the captain's armband to Varane.,0

Zidane turns to his bench for the first time today, with Valverde on and Modric off in a like-for-like change.,0

Joselu is replaced with a little over 20 minutes left, likely with the next match in mind. Rodriguez is brought on in his place.,0

GOOOAALLL!!! MADRID 2-0 ALAVES!! Rodrygo plays the ball through for Benzema, who appears to be offside. He continues running anyway and squares for Asensio to slot it in. It goes to VAR and the replay shows that Benzema was indeed onside. The goal stands!,1

Navarro, guilty of giving away the penalty for Madrid's opener, is unable to shake off the knock and is replaced by Aguirregabiria.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! MADRID 1-0 ALAVES!! Benzema tucks the ball towards the bottom-left corner and Jimenez dives the opposite way. Regular taker Ramos may be in the stands, but that was a good penalty from the Frenchman.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ALIDOU HEADS HOME!!!!!! 3-2!!! Frankfurt have a glimmer of hope as Alidou plants a header into the back of the net from close range. Gotze puts his corner on the money from the left flank and Alidou rises highest to direct his header away from Lloris into the back of the net. Lloris' costly fumble from Borre's effort has opened up the game for the visitors late on.,1

Dier is withdrawn after receiving a booking in the first half. Sanchez replaces the defender, who did not have his best outing tonight.,0

OFF! Tuta pulls back Son again and receives his second yellow card and then a red. The referee had to be reminded that he booked the Frankfurt defender not three minutes ago.,3

Son runs at Tuta down the left flank and draws a foul from the Frankfurt defender. Tuta is booked for his loose challenge.,2

Bentancur slides in on Rode with a strong challenge and gets the man first. He is booked by the referee.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SON MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-1 TOTTENHAM!!!!! Son produces a special finish on his left foot to put Spurs in control of the game. Hojbjerg raids down the right flank and digs out a cross towards the penalty spot. Son takes it out of the air first-time on his left foot, blasting a super effort past Trapp before he can react.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KANE CONVERTS!!!!!! 2-1 TOTTENHAM!!!! Kane punishes Jakic and Frankfurt as he rifles his penalty into the back of the net. He places his right-footed strike high and away from Trapp into the back of the net. Tottenham have come from behind to take the lead.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SON PRODUCES A COOL FINISH!!!!! 1-1!!!! Tottenham respond with a clinical move that Son finishes with a fine strike. Kane cuts open the Frankfurt defence with an incisive throughball for Son. The forward takes it in stride and bears down on goal, beating Trapp to his left with precision to find the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KAMADA FIRES FRANKFURT AHEAD AFTER A DIER MISTAKE!!!!! Kamada profits from a mistake by Dier to slot home a strike from close range. Dier loses possession inside his own box with a loose touch and it allows Lindstrom to gather. He places a dangerous low cross into the middle that Lloris knocks away from Kolo Muani. Rode pounces and steers a pass straight to Kamada, who holds his nerve to find the net.,1

GUNTER! 2-2! It's a brilliant equaliser for the hosts, as Gunter and Grifo work a sharp one-two inside their own half, before Gunter bursts past Sarr and runs 40 yards to get into the box and slam a low effort across Nubel and into the bottom corner from a tight angle! ,1

SANE! 2-1! Muller caresses a first-time volleyed pass into the six-yard box and Sane anticipates the opportunity and gets ahead of his marker to tap it into an empty net! ,1

GULDE! 1-1! Freiburg equalise instantly! Grifo whips a corner in towards the near post and Gulde gets there first to glance a clever header across Nubel and into the far corner! ,1

LEWANDOWSKI! 1-0! Lewandowski equals Gerd Muller's record of 40 goals in a Bundesliga season! The iconic striker steps up to take the penalty and stutters before sending Flekken the wrong way and slotting it into the bottom right corner!,1

Silva looks to clear the ball away but Vinicius sneaks in and the Portuguese midfielder receives a yellow as he takes out the Brazilian winger.,2

Less than ten minutes to go but we finally have our first sub of the game as Rodrygo makes way for Asensio.,0

Gundogan gives away the ball cheaply and is shown a yellow after he brings down Carvajal on the edge of the box.,2

GOOOOOAALLLL!!! CITY LEVEL!! 1-1!! Anything Vinicius can do, De Bruyne can do just as well - it's a thumping strike from the City midfielder and the away side are level. Gundogan lays it off to him on the edge of the box, the Belgian slices across the ball with an immaculate technique and the ball rockets into the bottom-right corner. A timely equaliser after a good period of pressure from Madrid.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! MADRID LEAD!! 1-0!! What a strike and what a goal from Vinicius to open the scoring. Modric and Camavinga combine in their own half before the Frenchman drives up the pitch with the ball. He lays it off to the Brazilian who unleashes a thunderous strike from the edge of the box into the top-right corner. No chance for Ederson and Madrid lead out of nowhere!,1

To take up some time, Botheim is withdrawn not long after coming on, and is replaced by Norbert Gyomber.,0

RED CARD!!! Milik raced into the stands following that potential winner, and for that he's shown a second booking and is sent off!,3

REDS ALL ROUND!!! It's completely erupted here, with Fazio and Cuadrado in the centre of an all-in scuffle, and the Salernitana captain is sent off!!!,3

GOOOAAALLL!!! We are level!!! Sepe's brilliant save didn't put off Bonucci, who volleys in the rebound with his left foot to lock up the scores at 2-2!!,1

McKennie's the next off for the Bianconeri, and is replaced by young Argentine forward Matias Soule Malvano.,0

After being crowded out of shooting space, Milik loses the ball and I Granata look to break, but Milik holds Vilhena back so he can't receive a pass, and is penalised and booked.,2

Maggiore has kept things ticking over in midfield for the visitors, and comes off now for Grigoris Kastanos.,0

Dia has also impressed up top alongside Piatek and later Botheim, but is replaced by Federico Bonazzoli.,0

An odd substitution from Allegri sees him bring off Kostic, who has created much of Juve's best play and set up Bremer's goal, for Danilo, who is more accustomed to playing defensively.,0

Sepe takes his time, and then some, to take the following goal-kick, and the referee soon holds up a yellow card to warn him about any further time-wasting.,2

Max Allegri rings the changes for Juve now, bringing off De Sciglio for the more attacking Alex Sandro in the left-back position.,0

Miretti started the game brightly but has faded since the visitors took the lead, and is replaced now by Nicolo Fagioli.,0

The leaders make their first change of the match, with Piatek, whose goal is the difference at the moment, replaced up top by Erik Botheim.,0

Dia does brilliantly to evade challenge after challenge on his way forward, but after his wide ball is deflected into the air, Piatek catches Bonucci late as the two contest it and the goalscorer is booked.,2

Fazio's having a long conversation with the referee, and something he's said has clearly upset the official, because a yellow card is brandished against the Salernitana captain.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What a header!!! Juve pull one back in brutal style, as Kostic dispossesses Coulibaly down the right and crosses. It’s over Vlahovic, but Bremer arrives late, sending a thumping header bouncing up off the ground and into the top corner!!! 2-1, and it's game on here!!,1

The booked Kean comes off at half-time, replaced by Arkadiusz Milik, who scored the Bianconeri's goal in their 1-1 draw with Fiorentina last time out.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!!! There's number two!!!! Piatek steps up with ice in his veins and smashes the ball into the bottom corner, sending Perin the wrong way and putting Salernitana 2-0 up against Juve!!! What a game this is turning out to be!,1

It's given!!!! The ball did take a nick off Bremer's arm on its way behind, and the Juve defender is booked with Piatek waiting to step up!,2

Maggiore looks to nip in front of Miretti and intercept the ball, but only catches the Juve midfielder and is penalised, before quickly being shown a yellow card.,2

Vilhena looks to get away down the left for the visitors, before being brought to ground by a backtracking Kean. It's a soft foul to give away, and even softer given the striker is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Paredes and Piatek contest a loose ball in the air, and the striker is sent flying in the collision, with Juve's Argentine midfielder promptly booked by the referee.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! The visitors strike first!!!! After a decent-looking attack is repelled, Salernitana come back with force, as Mazzocchi dribbles into the left side of the box before firing the ball across goal, and Candreva arrives to finish at the far post!!! 1-0 to the visitors after their first real attack, and Juventus are stunned!!!,1

Substitution for City. Mahrez, who played a part in City's first goal, is replaced by Palmer for the final few minutes.,0

GOAAALLL! LEEDS GET ONE BACK! 3-1! Struijk gets onto the end of a corner from Greenwood, heading it towards the bottom corner. Ederson gets a touch on it, but he cannot keep the ball out.,1

Substitution for City. Grealish, who has two assists to his name after a difficult first-half, is replaced by Foden.,0

Klich clears away the legs of Grealish before putting one of his hands in his air. He receives a yellow card as a result.,2

GOAALLL! HAALAND GETS HIS SECOND! 3-0 CITY! Haaland and Grealish combine for a second time. De Bruyne moves inside from the right, playing it into the path of Haaland who sends it towards Grealish. The winger completes a one-two with the striker, with Haaland's powerful effort parried into the corner of the net by Meslier.,1

GOAALLLL! HAALAND SCORES! 2-0 CITY! Cooper plays the ball across to Koch, but the defender is not aware of Grealish who comes away with possession. One-on-one with the goalkeeper, he slides it across to Haaland who has a simple finish.,1

GOAAALLL! RODRI SCORES! 1-0 CITY! Dominating the opening 45 minutes, City score the first goal of the game. De Bruyne finds Rodri who lays it down the right to Mahez. His attempt is saved by Meslier, but the rebound falls at the feet of the Spaniard who has a simple finish.,1

Celta make their final swap. Boufal, who's faded this half, is replaced by the Danish international Sisto. ,0

Aspas hobbles off to sympathetic applause from the Camp Nou crowd. He's replaced by the teenage midfielder Beltran. ,0

GOAL! 2-0 Barca. Messi fires home with a powerful curling shot after a quick ball from Alba finds him running free through the middle.,1

GOAL! 1-0 BARCELONA! Messi drops deep and finds Alba with a wonderful ball. The left-back crosses quickly back to Messi, whose snapshot is saved by Blanco diving low! Unfortunately the keeper can't hold the ball and Dembele smashes the ball into the net from close range.,1

Booked for a clear foul on Maddison inside his own half, Mac Allister will now be suspended for Brighton's next league match.,2

BRIGHTON DRAW LEVEL AGAIN! Ferguson hauls his side back into the game: it's 2-2 at the King Power, and the Irish teenager has done it again! He connects with a pinpoint Estupinan cross from the left with a glancing header, which finds the bottom-right corner via the post!,1

Vardy receives a rousing reception from the Leicester fans, as he makes way for the fresh legs of Daka up front.,0

Van Hecke's first Premier League start ends with the Dutchman making way for the more attacking option of Lamptey, as Brighton chase an equaliser.,0

Dewsbury-Hall is the player to make way for Maddison, whose return from a knee injury is greeted with a huge roar by the home fans.,0

De Zerbi decides to make a change up front in response to going behind, as Welbeck's quiet shift comes to an early close; in-form Ferguson is thrown on.,0

LEICESTER GO AHEAD! Against the run of play, the Foxes snap back! Following a corner from the right, Thomas wins a header at the near post to flick the ball on for his team-mate, and Barnes reacts sharply to steer the ball past Sanchez from just a few yards out!,1

LEICESTER LEVEL! After Dewsbury-Hall slips through a delightful ball for Barnes down the left, a couple of deflections bring the ball to Tielemans near the penalty spot. His shot is blocked at close range, but Albrighton reacts first to drive the ball into an empty net at the back post! It's 1-1, and the first-half substitute has scored!,1

Praet falls victim to another injury and limps off disconsolately; Albrighton replaces him on Leicester's right flank.,0

Following the celebrations for their opening goal, Brighton suffer a blow, as Lallana cannot continue. Veltman will be his replacement.,0

BRIGHTON LEAD! The Seagulls soar in front at the King Power! Picking up a pass from Estupinan on the left, Mitoma drops his shoulder and shrugs off Castagne's challenge, before unleashing a beautiful curling shot into the top-right corner! It's 1-0 to the visitors!,1

GOALLLL!!! 2-0 JUVE! Morata grabs his second of the game as he heads through Bushchan's legs from inside the area. The initial cross came from Cuadrado, who was under no pressure on the ball wide on the right.,1

Demiral makes a needless, rash challenge through the back of Supriaha and the defender is cautioned for his efforts.,2

Cuadrado loses his balance and slides over the top of Karavaev, meaning referee Hategan has not choice but to book the wing-back.,2

GOALLLLL!!! 1-0 JUVE! Morata slams home from inside the six-yard area after Bushchan spills Kulusevski’s effort. Initially, Kulusevski was afforded far too much space outside the area before releasing his left-footed shot.,1

Shaparenko breaks the Juve lines, forcing Bentancur to hack him down from behind and that tackle means he will receive the first yellow card of the game.,2

Carlos Augusto takes one for the team, dragging Correa back on halfway to prevent an Atletico counterattack. He sees yellow.,2

The Nerazzurri deliver the corner towards the front post… where Arnautovic shoots against the shins of a defender. Atletico are then furious as Koke is penalised for a very soft challenge on Barella, and their captain is even booked for his troubles!,2

Inzaghi looks to eat up a few seconds by making a change in attack. Sanchez replaces Martinez, who has been tireless in pressing from the front.,0

Now Frattesi is booked for a tactical foul to prevent an Atletico break on halfway. Inzaghi won't mind that one.,2

Needless from Morata! He goes down under no contact on halfway, tripping De Vrij in the process and picking up a booking.,2

Savic is booked for a needless foul, chasing Martinez high up the pitch before pushing him to the ground. Inter will take that one as it slows the pace of the game.,2

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL! THIS TIME, ARNAUTOVIC MAKES NO MISTAKE! It's third time lucky for the Austrian as he puts Inter ahead! Reinildo and De Paul both hesitate while going for the same ball, and they both miss it as Martinez bursts through on goal. Oblak steps up with a brilliant one-on-one save, but the loose ball spins left to Arnautovic, who squeezes his shot past a defender on the line! San Siro erupts, 1-0 to the Nerazzurri!,1

Griezmann is withdrawn by Simeone, having gotten through so much work off the ball. Correa replaces Atletico's all-time leading goalscorer.,0

Inter make yet another change as Mkhitaryan trudges off after a quiet performance. Frattesi replaces him as Inzaghi introduces fresh legs in the engine room.,0

Inzaghi responds with a double change of his own as we enter the final 20 minutes of the 90. Dumfries replaces Darmian at right wing-back.,0

Now Simeone turns to his bench, and it's a positive change from the Argentine. Morata comes on for the ineffective Saul, so Llorente drops back into a midfield role.,0

The first yellow card of the game goes to Hermoso for a trip on Barella. The referee played advantage, but Inter couldn't make anything of the move.,2

Atletico have also made a change at the break. It seems Gimenez has suffered an injury of some sort, so Savic is on.,0

That's a blow for Inter. Thuram is unable to continue after pulling up near the end of the first half, so Arnautovic takes his place alongside Martinez.,0

The argument between D'Ambrosio and Paredes continue through the full-time whistle, with the two pushing and shoving inside Inter's penalty area. Despite the match being effectively over, the referee has gone over to show D'Ambrosio a straight red card.,3

Paredes does not escape unpunished, with the Argentina international also shown a red card for his part in the fracas. He's having to be contained by two team-mates while he yells something to his opponents during the slow march off the pitch.,3

Brozovic is also shown a yellow card at the end of the game, with the referee eager to stamp his authority on the match.,2

Inter are doing themselves no favours, with D'Ambrosio getting into a bit of a scuffle with Vlahovic. The referee goes over to book the substitute, who has had a bit too much to say.,2

Paredes takes a bit too long over a Juventus free-kick, with the referee forced to show him a yellow card for wasting time.,2

Vlahovic pushes Mkhitaryan over from behind 26 yards from goal, giving Inter a free-kick. Danilo is incensed with the decision of the referee and lets his feelings be known, only to pick up a yellow card for his outburst.,2

Worrying signs for Juventus as Chiesa is taken off just 17 minutes after his introduction. It appears as though the forward has once again picked up a bit of a knock, immediately going over to Allegri to explain the situation.,0

Bellanova is on for Dumfries with Inzaghi keen to add fresh legs to the flank in the late stages of the match.,0

Rabiot comes across to stop the run of Calhanoglu, sliding in a touch late and catching the foot of the Inter midfielder. It’s a free-kick for the hosts 30 yards from goal, while the France international picks up a yellow card.,2

Allegri has decided to complicate Inter’s lives further, with Chiesa set to make an appearance. Soule is recalled to the bench with 24 minutes remaining.,0

The previously booked Barella is furious after seeing his number go up on the fourth official's board, with Mkhitaryan ready to replace him in midfield. He boots a water bottle on his way to the bench with a shake of the head, no doubt frustrated at his inability to affect the outcome of the game.,0

Dimarco looks to have hurt himself during his latest cross and will be replaced by D'Ambrosio almost immediately.,0

Gatti is the second player to be booked in two minutes, with his late lunge on Calhanoglu deemed violent play by the referee, who shows the Juventus defender a yellow card.,2

Barella is shown a yellow card for dissent, after the referee decides he's heard enough from the Inter midfielder. Clearly still unhappy about the decision to give a goal, he also protests the lack of a card after a foul on Martinez, which lands him in hot water.,2

JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Danilo’s ball over the top of the midfield finds Rabiot, who brings it down fantastically well. After a quick interchange with Vlahovic, the France international finds Kostic open on the left, with the wing-back placing his shot into the far corner with perfection!,1

CASEMIRO EQUALISES! United's first two crosses are both cleared by Chelsea, but it's recycled down the left again. It's clipped into the far post by Shaw and Casemiro rises just in front of McTominay to guide his header back across goal. Kepa gets a hand to it to help it onto the post, but it bounces over the line before the keeper can stop it. 1-1!,1

It's a brilliant run from Elanga down the left, and he dribbles past two Chelsea players before Jorginho swipes out his legs. It's a cynical one, and he's booked for it.,2

Shaw clipped Azpilicueta's heels in an attempt to stop his run. The referee played the advantage, but then pulled it back to show Shaw a yellow card for the challenge.,2

JORGINHO SCORES! He had a long time to wait to step up to the spot, but it didn't bother him! He takes a long run-up before doing his trademark skip in front of the ball. De Gea dived to his right and the Italian fired his spot-kick into the other side of the net. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

The whole United team are protesting against the penalty, but it's Fred's comments that cross a line and he's booked for dissent.,2

Double change for Chelsea here as they look to get a late winner. Sterling is the first to make way, with Broja on for him.,0

Varane goes off the field in tears as he leaves with the medical team to go straight down the tunnel. Lindelof is on to replace him.,0

Chelsea are getting overrun in midfield, so Potter is making a change to try and stop that from happening. Kovacic comes on for Cucurella, with the Blues switching to four at the back.,0

Antony crashes into Jorginho in an attempt to stop the pass being played, getting nowhere near the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

BOURNEMOUTH HAVE A FOURTH! Capping a grim game for the Leeds goalkeeper, Meslier makes a mess of Semenyo's low drive from 15 yards, allowing the ball to slip under his body and past him into the net! After latching on to his fellow substitute Anthony's pass, the Cherries striker scores his first Premier League goal: 4-1!,1

Having scored his sixth league goal of the season to virtually secure victory, Solanke's shift comes to a close; Stacey comes on for the final stages.,0

Having made an all-too-brief cameo, second-half substitute Moore is subbed due to injury. Semenyo replaces him up front.,0

Leeds make a double substitution in search of some much-needed inspiration. First, Bamford makes way for Rodrigo up front.,0

SOLANKE STRIKES! Bournemouth regain their two-goal lead! Latching on to a long ball, Outtara pulls the ball back from the right flank, then Solanke bundles through a couple of challenges and rattles the ball unerringly into the bottom-left corner from 10 yards! That's 3-1 to the Cherries!,1

O'Neil introduces fresh legs in order to preserve his side's lead. First, Vina makes way for Anthony on the left.,0

For hauling back Gnonto, who had cleverly turned him and was sprinting clear into space, Smith is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

As soon as Leeds finally have some good news in the form of Bamford's goal, bad news arrives on its tail. Their captain, Cooper, has picked up an injury and will have to be replaced by Wober.,0

LEEDS STRIKE BACK! Partly atoning for his abject miss in midweek, Bamford finds the net! Following an inviting cross from the left by Gnonto, the Leeds striker's eight-yard header is steered into the bottom-left corner, leaving Neto well beaten! The Whites are back in it: they now trail 2-1!,1

LERMA BAGS A BRACE! Again in the right place at the right time, Lerma crashes a close-range shot into the top of the net to put Bournemouth two goals ahead! An awful flap at Christie's corner sees Meslier present the ball to the Cherries' Colombian midfielder, and he stays cool to apply the finishing touch: 2-0!,1

BOURNEMOUTH LEAD! Just moments after Bamford has a tame shot repelled at the other end, the Cherries counter with a direct ball; a combination between Billing and Solanke then opens up Leeds' defence, before Lerma fires home from near the penalty spot! He picks out the top-right corner, and it's 1-0 to the hosts!,1

After registering his 19th goal involvement in as many Champions League appearances, Vinicius makes way for Asensio.,0

With Sunday's Clasico against Barcelona in mind, Ancelotti makes two changes. The first sees Modric make way for Ceballos.,0

BENZEMA!!! That should be that! 1-0 on the day, 6-2 on aggregate. The ball ricochets kindly for a sliding Vinicius, who scuffs his shot. However, the Brazilian recovers to flick it across for Benzema to tuck into the empty net.,1

Cajuste lunges in with another poorly timed tackle in midfield and is shown a yellow card for a foul on Mandragora.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! 3-1 FIORENTINA AND THREE POINTS TO THE VIOLA! Parisi bursts down the left flank on a surging counter-attack before delivering a pinpoint cross towards the near post. Gonzalez takes it first time with a right-footed effort that crashes into the roof of the net, leaving Meret powerless to the close-range finish. Game over!,1

Simeone is late to a loose ball and is shown a yellow card for felling Parisi. Both players stay down after a hefty challenge but the pair are soon back to their feet.,2

Bonaventura is cautioned by the referee for clumsily felling Zielinski, whose heels were clipped as he looked to break down the left-hand side.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! FIORENTINA ARE BACK IN FRONT! Back in Italy’s squad and back in the goals, Bonaventura strikes to put Italiano’s side 2-1 up. Duncan wanders into space outside the area before Olivera’s tackle inadvertently falls into the path of Bonaventura, who coolly steers a right-footed finish into the bottom-right corner. Meret has no chance as the Viola midfielder had tons of time to pick his spot from inside the box.,1

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! NAPOLI EQUALISE! After winning the penalty, Osimhen fires a right-footed effort into the bottom-right corner. Terracciano dives the right way to his left but cannot get any touch on the powerful spot-kick. It is 1-1 in Naples!,1

Terracciano is shown a yellow card for bringing down Osimhen inside the area as the Napoli striker latched onto Parisi's error.,2

Garcia uses Anguissa's injury to make an attacking substitution, potentially for a change of formation. Attacker Raspadori replaces the injured midfielder, who seemed to be holding his hamstring.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 FIORENTINA! The Napoli home crowd are silenced as the visitors strike early. Martinez hits the right-hand post from a Bonaventura right-wing centre before Brekalo takes a touch, setting himself from the left of goal and then arrowing a left-footed drive through the legs of Meret.,1

Diaoune is given the last couple of minutes to make an impact on the game. Isco has been Betis' most creative player but is now off.,0

Ezzalzouli was electric before the break but has not been able to influence the game since the restart. Rodri is now on.,0

Bravo is furious with the possible handball inside the box before the subsequent VAR review and is shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLLL! SIMA SCORES! 1-0 RANGERS! Rangers score after frantic action. Lammers heads Tavernier's cross into an area full of bodies, with Roofe's effort from close range pushed away by Bravo. Goldson's attempt is blocked by Roofe, but the rebound falls to Sima who pokes it in. There is a short VAR check for a handball against Roofe, but the goal stands.,1

Rangers' first yellow card of the game goes to Goldson after he pulls back Isco. The midfielder was breaking away with the ball before being stopped.,2

Lawrence was having an influence in the game and struck the post with an effort from distance, but his game ends as a result of an injury. Lammers takes his place.,0

Bartra is shown a yellow card after kicking Roofe on the edge of the box. He was trying to control the ball and did not know that the striker was there.,2

Mkhitaryan's work is done as far as Inzaghi is concerned. The midfielder is given a breather with Klaassen coming on in his place.,0

RED CARD FOR BANDA! Lecce are down to 10 men! Believing the visitors should have been awarded a corner, Banda vents his frustration towards the referee for signalling a goal-kick. However, he appears to go too far in doing so - certainly for the liking of the official, who gives him his marching orders.,3

BARELLA!!! 2-0 INTER! What an assist, though, by Arnautovic. Receiving the ball from Barella on the edge of the box, the forward produces an audacious backheel that completely bamboozles the defence and puts his team-mate clear on goal. The midfielder shows great coolness as he sits Falcone down before rolling the ball into the net.,1

Calhanoglu, whose free-kick led to the only goal of this game, is given a breather by Inzaghi. Asllani comes on for the final quarter of an hour.,0

After catching Thuram late and blocking the Inter forward, Pongracic receives a yellow card that rules him out of Lecce's next game against Atalanta.,2

Lecce make a change at the break and yellow-carded Gonzalez is sacrificed with Kaba taking his place.,0

BISSECK!!! 1-0 INTER! The defender breaks the deadlock with his first goal for the Nerazzurri! Calhanoglu whips a fierce free-kick into the area from the left flank. It just needs guiding in the right direction and Bisseck duly obliges, glancing the ball beautifully into the bottom-right corner.,1

THAT SEALS IT! 4-1! Atalanta are heading to the Coppa Italia final! Pasalic finishes off a counter-attack, as 10-man Fiorentina are left exposed when chasing a late goal to level things on aggregate. Lookman picks out a precise pass, which his fellow substitute coolly flips over the advancing Terracciano and into the back of the net! Game over!,1

ATALANTA STEAL IT! After a VAR review, Lookman's goal is given. Initially, he saw an unerring strike into the bottom-right corner ruled out for a foul on Biraghi in the build-up, but that decision is overturned, sparking joyous scenes in Bergamo! That makes it 3-1 to La Dea, putting them 3-2 up on aggregate!,1

Italiano tries to help his side over the line by introducing fresh legs. First, Ikone replaces Kouame.,0

After seeing his shot charged down, Scamacca races back to tackle Gonzalez but mistimes his challenge and picks up a yellow card. Unfortunately for the Italy striker, he'd miss the final if Atalanta go through.,2

ATALANTA LEVEL THE TIE! It's now 2-2 on aggregate! Having seen a spectacular strike chalked off by the VAR earlier on, Scamacca again finds the net in style! His acrobatic finish from 10 yards out converts De Ketelaere's cross and beats Terracciano to find the back of the net! What a goal!,1

Atalanta respond to going behind on aggregate by sending on attacking midfielder Pasalic for left-sided centre-back Kolasinac.,0

FIORENTINA LEAD ON AGGREGATE! A remarkable twist in Bergamo! After Fiorentina are reduced to 10 men, substitute centre-Martinez Quarta heads the Viola level from Biraghi's curling free-kick! That makes it 1-1 on the day, and 2-1 to the visitors overall. As things stand they are heading to Rome!,1

Kolasinac dives in and trips Gonzalez deep inside Fiorentina territory, and that's enough to earn him a booking.,2

Italiano responds to Milenkovic's dismissal by swapping out a striker for another centre-back: Belotti is replaced by Martinez Quarta.,0

FIORENTINA DOWN TO 10 MEN! Milenkovic is sent off! Scamacca was clean through on goal, and the Serbian defender simply stretched out a leg and brought him down - that's a clear-cut decision for the referee! He makes the long walk to the sideline, cutting a figure of total frustration.,3

Having clipped Koopmeiners in midfield, Mandragora receives the game's first yellow card - he would miss the final, if Fiorentina go through.,2

ATALANTA LEAD! The hosts go 1-0 up, and it's now 1-1 on aggregate! Koopmeiners capitalises when Fiorentina leave the back door wide open, striding into the box and beating Terracciano with a low finish into the bottom-right corner! That's his third Coppa Italia goal this season - and surely the most important! Game on!,1

GOAL!!! Bournemouth have the lead!!! It is a huge error from Maddison, who woefully underhits a backpass for his goalkeeper. Billing is alert to race onto the ball, superbly changing his body shape before stroking past Iversen and into the back of the net. The Cherries lead 1-0!!!,1

Alcala becomes the third Girona player to be booked as he concedes a foul on Messi, again conceding a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOAL! 2-2! Girona cannot get the ball away following the corner and Barcelona put the ball back into the danger zone, with Suarez forcing a save from Bono that sends the ball looping into the air and Pique rises highest in the area to head home into an empty net.,1

Juanpe is beaten by Suarez and catches the striker, conceding a free-kick in another dangerous area and picking up a booking.,2

GOAL! 2-1 Girona! Portu bursts through and beats Pique before forcing Ter Stegen into a save. The rebound falls perfectly for Stuani, who smashes home to net his second of the night and to give the visitors the lead.,1

Girona also make a change during the interval by introducing Borja Garcia for Manchester City loanee Aleix Garcia.,0

GOAL! 1-1! Benitez fires a cross into the middle where Stuani outmuscles Pique before poking past Ter Stegen to score for the third LaLiga match in a row.,1

RED CARD! There was clear movement from Lenglet to move his arm towards the Girona man and the defender is given his marching orders. Barcelona are down to ten men!,3

GOAL! 1-0 Barcelona! The chance comes and Messi swiftly takes advantage. Vidal superbly uses his strength to hold up play and then tees a pass across the box to the forward, who tucks home superbly with a single touch.,1

Arthur becomes the second Barcelona man to have his name taken after a poor challenge on Benitez in midfield.,2

The resulting corner comes to nothing and Girona immediately put Barcelona under pressure, where Semedo mistimes his challenge and earns a yellow card.,2

Cancelo brings down Carrasco on the edge of the City box on the left flank, handing the home side a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Foden fouls De Paul on the charge and goes into the book. Seemingly every player is getting carded at the moment.,2

OFF! Felipe perhaps was lucky to remain on the field in the first half, but now is sent off. He catches Foden on his follow-through and has to go. Felipe does not walk off quietly and vents his frustration to the referee. Eventually, the defender is ushered away by his team-mates.,3

Savic goes into the book for his part in the melee. The defender may have been lucky to remain on the field.,2

Rodri took out Cunha in the build-up to the Suarez chance and is retrospectively booked by the referee.,2

Simeone makes the surprising choice to withdraw Joao Felix. Cunha replaces the Portuguese. A bold move considering Joao Felix's recent form.,0

Lemar is withdrawn as Suarez enters the fold in the final third. Simeone is going for it with eight minutes left.,0

Llorente brings down Fernandinho and goes into the book. He will miss the first leg of the semi-final if Atletico advance.,2

Silva has been quiet tonight and is now withdrawn as Fernandinho arrives to shore up the City midfield.,0

Ake enters the action for City to replace Walker. Cancelo will swap to the right flank and Ake will operate at left-back.,0

Correa is on for the home side in the final third to support Joao Felix. Lodi makes way after a decent outing.,0

Felipe finally gets a booking as he clatters into De Bruyne from behind. The referee points out that it was his second challenge.,2

HERNANDEZ SCORES! Costa's cross into the box is cut out by Ramalho, but his clearance falls to Hernandez. He takes a touch before firing his shot back across goal and he picks out the top corner. 6-2 Bayern! ,1

BAYERN HAVE A FIFTH! It's a great cross from Martinez to pick out Lewandowski at the far post and the forward rises above his defenders to reach it. His header loops over Stankovic and nestles in the far bottom corner. 5-2 Bayern!,1

Mwepu is booked after he sticks out a hand to hold off Hernandez and catches the defender in the face.,2

SANE SCORES! It's a brilliant goal from the substitute to give Bayern some breathing space. Sane is played in by Kimmich and he turns away from Mwepu and curls his shot into the top far corner of the goal. 4-2 Bayern!,1

BOATENG SCORES! The corner is swung into the box and Boateng gets goal side of Kristensen. He rises above the defender and heads the ball past Stankovic and into the bottom corner. 3-2 Bayern! ,1

Flick is making a triple change now as his team tries to regain the lead. Pavard is the first to come off, with Sarr on for him.,0

OKUGAWA EQUALISES! He hasn't evem been on the field for a minute and he's pulled Salzburg level! He turns away from Boateng and coolly sends his effort past Neuer, who comes rushing off his line. 2-2! ,1

Camara is struggling to stop Tolisso's run and ends up bringing him down just outside the box which earns him a yellow card.,2

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! He steps up to take the penalty and slots his penalty into the bottom-right corner. He sends the goalkeeper the wrong way and Bayern are level. 1-1!,1

SALZBURG LEAD! Berisha is in space on the left of the box and he gets a bit lucky as Koita's shot is deflected into his path off Alaba. He takes a touch before slotting it past Neuer at his near post and into the back of the net. 1-0 Salzburg!,1

RED CARD! Schar has only been on the pitch for six minutes and he has now been shown a straight red card, after he lunges into the back of Martinelli and catches the winger high and late. Really poor challenge by the Newcastle centre-back.,3

Newcastle have made a double substitution now, with Fernandez the first to come off and he has been replaced by Schar.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Aubameyang doubles Arsenal’s lead and makes it 2-0! They work it well on the edge of the box and Aubameyang was originally appealing for a free-kick, but play is allowed to continue and Odegaard finds Martinelli down the left wing, who whips a superb cross into the box. Aubameyang then shows great skill to turn it into the back of the net from close range.,1

Fernandez is booked after he catches Xhaka late, with the Arsenal man just getting to the ball first and flicking it past him.,2

Here is the enforced change by Arsenal, with David Luiz heading off and he has been replaced by Chambers.,0

Almiron is booked after he dives into a challenge with Ceballos and the midfielder goes down. However, after looking at the replay, it doesn't look like the Newcastle man touched his opponent.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Xhaka after a cynical challenge on Saint-Maximin, lashing out and kicking him from behind.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal take an early lead, it’s 1-0! Excellent movement by Bellerin down the right wing and David Luiz picks him out from the back. The right-back drills a cross into the box towards Aubameyang, who completely miss times his effort and it ends up falling to Elneny on the edge of the box. The midfielder then volleys the ball into the bottom left corner of the net, with Dubravka getting a touch on it, but he couldn’t stop it from flying in.,1

Jota enters the action for the home side to replace Mane. His second goal could well be decisive in the tie.,0

Henderson was the spark for the first goal with his run and cross. Keita replaces the Liverpool skipper.,0

Estupinan is withdrawn after a difficult second half, receiving a yellow card and scoring an own goal. Trigueros replaces him to add an extra midfielder on the pitch.,0

Lo Celso brings down Robertson on the charge and goes into the book. Liverpool have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MANE POKES HOME A SECOND FOR LIVERPOOL!!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!!!!! The Reds get a quick-fire double as Mane collects Salah's throughball before beating Rulli with a low strike. Salah weaves his way into the Villarreal box before sliding an offload through for the run of his team-mate. Mane gets there ahead of Rulli and finds the bottom-right corner with his strike.,1

Brighton win a free-kick and White steps across to kick the ball away from where it's been placed. It's a needless booking to pick up at this stage.,2

There's another double change for Arsenal, and Arteta is freshening up his forward line. Havertz, who scored the second goal today, goes off for Nketiah.,0

TROSSARD SCORES! He seals the points for Arsenal against his former club! Brighton committed a lot of bodies forward in their last attack, and Havertz profits from a loose touch to slide it forward through the middle. Trossard has the beating of Van Hecke, and he races onto the ball before chipping a lovely finish over Verbruggen into the back of the net. 3-0 Arsenal!,1

The yellow card is out again, this time for Saliba after he gets too tight to Pedro and clumsily sends him to ground.,2

Brighton are also making another change. Welbeck hasn't been able to make an impact against his former club, failing to have a single shot, and he's replaced by Fati.,0

Baleba knows he isn't going to be able to catch Havertz, and he drags the German back to earn the first yellow card of the game.,2

For Arsenal, Jesus, who has missed three great chances in this game, goes off for Trossard, who doesn't come on to the warmest reception from the home fans.,0

Both sides are making a double change. Brighton are first up, and Enciso, who gave the ball away in the build-up to the goal, is replaced by Pedro.,0

HAVERTZ SCORES! Enciso cheaply gives the ball away deep in his own half, and Odegaard profits, sliding it down the right for Jorginho. He plays his low cross into the middle early, and Havertz gets in front of Van Hecke to poke it past Verbruggen from close range. 2-0 Arsenal!,1

SAKA SCORES! It's a confident penalty from the winger, as he strides up to the spot and fires a powerful shot into the bottom-left corner of the net. Verbruggen dives the right way, and Arsenal have a deserved lead. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

RED CARD! From bad to worse for Leicester as Faes is sent off for a second yellow card. It's a poor challenge on Chukwuemeka and the referee has no choice but to give the Leicester defender his second yellow card and send him off.,3

GOOOALLLL!! CHELSEA HAVE THEIR THIRD! 3-1! That could be the final nail in the coffin for the home side as Kovacic adds a third for Chelsea. Havertz picks up the ball on the right and floats a ball into Mudryk who heads it back to the onrushing Kovacic. The midfielder makes no mistake and fires a thumping volley past Ward. There is a VAR check for offside but the goal will stand.,1

Pereira with a late sliding challenge on Fernandez and the Leicester wing-back receives a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! CHELSEA LEAD! 2-1! Right on the brink of half-time and Chelsea have their second through Havertz. It's a delightful chipped ball over the top by Fernandez and Havertz delicately dinks the ball over Ward and into the net on the volley to restore his side's lead.,1

GOOOALLLL!!! LEICESTER DRAW LEVEL! 1-1! Moments after having a goal disallowed, Joao Felix plays a huge part in Leicester's equaliser. He overplays in his own half and is disposed. The loose ball falls to Daka and it's a sweet left-footed hit from outside the box which flies past Kepa and into the corner.,1

Loftus-Cheek makes a good burst down the right and Faes is booked after he brings down the Chelsea man.,2

GOAAAALLLL!!! CHELSEA LEAD! 1-0! Chilwell with a well-hit volley and Chelsea have the lead. The wing-back delivers the cross which Leicester initially clear but Koulibaly recovers the ball and sends it back into the box and all the way back to Chilwell. The former Leicester player catches it cleanly on the volley and catches Ward out at his near post.,1

Bellerin is booked late on after he fouls Vardy off the ball, as the striker threatened to break away on the counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Maddison doubles Leicester's lead, it's 2-0! This time Vardy turns provider, after Tielemans finds the striker and it lays it back to Maddison on the edge of the box, who drills the ball through the legs of Bellerin and straight into the bottom left-hand corner of the net, with Leno not moving.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Vardy breaks the deadlock and Leicester lead 1-0! It's a lovely move by the Foxes, with Pereira playing a quick cross to Barnes on the edge of the box, who then flicks it to Tielemans, who then lays it off to Vardy in the box, he slides it past Leno and into the back of the net.,1

Leicester have made the first substitution of the game, with Perez the man coming off and he has been replaced by Gray.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Evans for his late challenge on Ozil. The game is allowed to continue, but the referee still shows the Leicester centre-back a yellow card when the ball next goes out of play.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! VARDY NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!! 3-0 LEICESTER!!!! The striker confirms that he's back to his best with a composed finish. Barnes releases the forward down the left and he carries the ball into the box. There's still work to do, but Vardy lifts his strike over the top of Guaita into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! VARDY CONVERTS FOR HIS 100TH PREMIER LEAGUE GOAL!!!! 2-0 LEICESTER!!! The Foxes all but secure the win this afternoon as Vardy notches a milestone goal. It's handed to the home side on a plate as Sakho slips at the back for the Eagles. Barnes scoops up the loose ball and offloads to Vardy in space six yards out. He makes no mistake to slot his effort into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! IHEANACHO PUTS LEICESTER AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! The Foxes take the lead as Iheanacho steers the ball home from close range. Tielemans breaks down the left flank and he sends a teasing low ball across the face of goal. Guaita is in two minds and fails to gather the cross. Iheanacho capitalises and pokes the ball into an empty net.,1

JAMES GETS A DEBUT GOAL! United counter-attack from a Chelsea corner and it's Pogba that sets up the goal once again. James is left unmarked on the right of the box and he feints a shot before firing his effort low into the far bottom corner. 4-0 United!,1

RASHFORD MAKES IT THREE! United close down the ball quickly once again to win it back and Pogba plays a brilliant pass upfield to pick out Rashford. He's being closely marked but he keeps calm as he slots the ball past Kepa to score. 3-0 United!,1

Chelsea make their second change of the game following the goal and Giroud is now on in place of Abraham. ,0

MARTIAL DOUBLES UNITED'S LEAD! Maguire dispossesses Abraham on the edge of the box and United quickly move the ball upfield. Lingard runs it out to the right wing but Pereira puts a good cross back into the box and Martial reaches it ahead of his defender to find the back of the net. 2-0 United!,1

Lampard makes the first change of the game and brings on Pulisic for his Premier League debut in place of Barkley. ,0

Abraham is the latest player to be shown a yellow card after he catches McTominay with a late challenge. ,2

RASHFORD SCORES THE PENALTY! It's a confident strike from the forward as he fires the spot-kick into the top left corner to give his side the lead. 1-0 United!,1

Allegri opts for fresh legs heading into the closing minutes; making two changes. First, Chiesa is replaced by Paredes.,0

JUVENTUS LEAD! At last, the visitors go in front! They've been pushing for the opening goal for over an hour, and a touch of class from Chiesa opens the door! He receives a short pass from Locatelli on the left side of the box, before calmly curling the ball in by the right-hand post; leaving Silvestri well beaten!,1

As Miretti makes way at the end of his breakthrough season in the Juventus first team, Di Maria arrives from the bench for perhaps his final Juve appearance.,0

Having seemingly sustained a muscular injury, Abankwah becomes the second Udinese player forced off during this second half. Young Cocetta comes on in his place.,0

After sustaining an injury early in the second half, Walace apparently cannot continue. Arslan will be his replacement in central midfield.,0

Juventus have made a half-time change on their left flank, as Kostic has been withdrawn and Iling-Junior sent on.,0

Castrovilli barges over Lukaku as the forward looks to burst into the box and he picks up the game's first yellow.,2

GOOAAAALLLL!!! FIORENTINA LEAD! 1-0!! Just minutes after that Lukaku miss and Inter are made to pay from the corner. Cabral gets the flick at the near post from Biraghi's cross which Onana does well to palm away but he can do nothing about Bonaventura who is there to nod in from the rebound. A huge goal from the ex-Milan midfielder - what must Lukaku be thinking right now?,1

Indeed, the Magpies now make their first change as play resumes; Christian Atsu arrives to replace Kenedy.,0

KYLE WALKER RESTORES CITY'S LEAD! My word, that is an utterly brilliant strike. Sterling and Aguero both shape on the edge of the box to go for goal themselves, but eventually play it back and wide to Walker on the right - and the defender, after a deft first touch, lets fly with a rocket of a shot that buries itself in the bottom left corner, somehow flying untouched through a crowded box. What a goal; City lead 2-1.,1

DEANDRE YEDLIN LEVELS FOR NEWCASTLE! 1-1! Against the run of play, the Magpies break down the left wing, and Rondon finds himself in unexpected space. He spears in a low cross into the box behind the City defence - and out of nowhere, Yedlin races onto it and blasts it past Ederson's outstretched arms. All square at the Etihad; the champions have been given an unexpected shock.,1

RAHEEM STERLING FIRES CITY AHEAD! We've not even had 10 minutes and the champions are in front thanks to a superb goal from the England man. A poor piece of defensive passing allows Mendy to pick the pockets of the Magpies, and he shuttles it wide to Sterling on the left. He takes two steps inside, nips around Fernandez, and duly blasts it into the bottom-right corner. 1-0 to the hosts and Newcastle are already on the back foot.,1

WHAT A GOAL! IT’S 5-2! Mac Allister has his second of the game and Brighton’s fifth in stoppage time! The midfielder stepped up to take a free-kick around 25 yards out, he gets it up and over the wall and straight into the top-left corner of the net. Great strike.,1

GOAL! BRIGHTON LEAD 4-2! Mac Allister coolly converts from the penalty spot, sending the ball straight down the middle of the goal as Ward dived to his right. Brighton now have a two-goal cushion.,1

GOAL! BRIGHTON MAKE IT 3-2! Trossard fires Brighton back into the lead and lifts the roof off the Amex! Mac Allister lays the ball off quickly to Gross, who then sends Trossard through on goal to his left and the Belgian only has Ward to beat, which he does by firing the ball into the bottom right corner of the net.,1

GOAL! LEICESTER ARE LEVEL! Daka sprints onto the end of a superb long ball over the top of the Brighton defence by Tielemans, with Dunk unable to reach it and Daka only has Sanchez to beat in goal. The Leicester man produces a fine finish to slot it past the keeper and into the back of the net to make it 2-2.,1

GOAL! BRIGHTON ARE AHEAD! Maddison loses the ball on the halfway line and Mwepu races forward into the final third, before laying it off to Caicedo to his right in the box and Caicedo keeps calm and drills his effort into the bottom left corner of the net. Brighton lead 2-1.,1

Mac Allister is booked after he slides in and catches Maddison late as the Leicester man tried to break forward on the counter.,2

Thomas receives a poor pass from a team-mate and March just sneaks in ahead of him, with Thomas sliding in and bringing him down right on the edge of the penalty area. Free-kick and yellow card.,2

GOAL! LEICESTER LEAD FROM THE OFF! The visitors take the lead within seconds of kick-off! Brighton lose to ball in the final third and Tielemans flicks it to Barnes on the edge of the box, who lays it through to Daka on the overlap and he then pulls a cross back into the box, which Iheanacho coolly converts from close range. Great start for Leicester, they lead 1-0!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! GORETZKA! Is that the winner? 2-1 Bayern! Pavard refuses to give up on Alaba's misplaced pass, racing down the right and squaring for Goretzka to touch into the bottom-left corner. Gladbach's resolve is broken as Bayern close on the title.,1

SUB: The substitute is substituted. Benes comes on for Embolo as Gladbach look to continue to frustrate Bayern.,0

SUB: Zirkzee, the Bayern goalscorer, makes way. Wriedt is on up front as the hosts look for a winner.,0

SUB: Herrmann has been Gladbach's chief threat today, but Davies has started to control that flank. Wendt comes on in a change of shape.,0

SUB: It's a double Bayern switch as Coman, another player rested today, replaces full debutant Cuisance.,0

SUB: An unsurprising first Bayern change sees Hernandez off for the in-form Davies. The Canadian will be tasked with halting Herrmann.,0

YELLOW: The first card of the game goes to Bensebaini, who is late to a challenge on Pavard and goes into the book.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! ZIRKZEE! Bayern lead 1-0, but this goal is entirely down to some woeful play from Sommer. He made an early error with the ball at his feet and does so again, advancing from his goal and knocking the ball square straight to Zirkzee. The 19-year-old passes into the net. Awful, awful goalkeeping.,1

SUB: Thuram is unable to continue. Gladbach at least have Embolo fit again to come on, although he and the team would have preferred to delay his return until later in this game.,0

CITY GO DOWN TO TEN MEN! Fernandinho picks up his second yellow for wrangling Davis to the ground. He can have no complaints.,3

Gundogan picks up a yellow for bringing down Trezeguet who's racing away on the break. Thought City didn't make tactical fouls?,2

Mendy has bustled capably down that left flank for City today. He gets a rest. Angelino takes his place.,0

Villa substitution. Wesley, who's been largely ineffectual today, off. Villa's 21-year-old striker Davis, a product of the club's academy, comes on.,0

GOAL! 3-0 CITY! That's it for Villa now. City get an 11th corner that finds its way to Bernardo Silva, who fires wide from very close range! Gundogan is on hand to rifle in the rebound from the edge of the box.,1

GOAL! 2-0 CITY! City take the corner short and Mendy passes back to De Bruyne on the left flank. The Belgian curls the ball in with his right foot and David Silva is there to poke it into the net! VAR takes a long look and decides to allow it.,1

Grealish bustles towards City's box from the left and Fernandinho comes across to crudely take the Villa captain out. Cynical but clever.,2

GOAL! 1-0 CITY! Well, that didn't take long. Jesus nods a long ball down to Sterling who races through on goal and rolls his shot under Heaton's legs. A simple goal. All Villa's good work in the first half has been undone in about 20 seconds.,1

Villa's corner is a waste. City promptly break through Sterling and Grealish muscles Sterling out. The England winger goes down and Grealish promptly talks himself into the book.,2

Fernandes is given a brilliant reception from the home fans as he comes off the pitch. He might have scored the decisive goal in this game. Pellistri is given the final six minutes to make an impression.,0

James is given a mixed response at Old Trafford, with the winger coming on against his old side. Cairney comes off.,0

Silva takes Mitrovic off moments after the Serbian striker was shown a yellow card. Vinicius now leads the Fulham attack.,0

Willian has possession on the left before cutting inside to swing a cross into the heart of United's box. Lindelof heads it towards the back post and Mitrovic wrestles Malacia to the floor trying to get on the end of it. He is shown a yellow card.,2

Weghorst is on for what could be his final appearance for United. The Burnley loanee replaces Rashford.,0

Garnacho was energetic on the left wing but has been unable to make an impact since the restart. Martial takes his place in the attack.,0

Marco Silva has decided to bring on Reed. Lukic started ahead of the former Southampton man but is now off the pitch.,0

GOALLLL! FERNANDES SCORES! 2-1 UNITED! What a wonderful goal from United. Fred has the ball in the middle of the Fulham half and slides a disguised throughball into the path of Fernandes. He rushes towards the box and chips his shot over Leno and into the net.,1

Palhinha races down the right side of the pitch and is tackled by Malacia before rolling around on the floor. Unhappy that he is not given a free-kick, he dives in on the left-back and is shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLL! SANCHO SCORES! 1-1! It is not the best-looking goal but the home side will not care! Fernandes spins past Lukic before playing a throughball into the path of Fred inside the box. He races down the left and is tackled by Tete, but the ball rolls across to Sancho for an easy goal.,1

GOALLLL! TETE SCORES! 1-0 FULHAM! United are in fourth place as things stand. It is a simple goal for Fulham, with Tete getting away from his marker to get on the end of Willian's inswinging corner and power a header past De Gea.,1

Marcelo rakes his studs down Mbappe's calf near the corner flag and he is lucky to stay on the pitch. He knew what he was doing there!,2

Toko Ekambi has been superb since coming off the bench, but he is now in the book after a poor challenge.,2

Paredes is going to enter the game for the final five minutes and the crowd rise to their feet to applaud Di Maria for his performance.,0

GOAAAALLLLLL! PSG 4-2 LYON - Cavani scores with his first touch and the game should now be over. Mbappe picks out Di Maria with a superb curling pass, who looks like he will shoot. At the final second, he opens his body to play in Cavani on the edge of the box, and he curls it into the far corner. The home fans go wild as he celebrates, and this crazy game continues.,1

Icardi has played well tonight, but his race is over, and he is replaced by Cavani for the final 14 minutes.,0

Tuchel is trying to get is team over the line, and he will take off Draxler, with Sarabia heading onto the field of play.,0

GOAAAALLLL GAME ON!!!! PSG 3-2 LYON - Toko Ekambi makes an immediate impact as he races onto a throughball and he has the vision to play in Dembele who was racing alongside him. The striker has to adjust his feet, but he cushions the ball into the far corner, and Navas has no chance!,1

Marçal is off the field of play and on comes Tete. Such a shame one of his last acts was to score the own goal.,0

GOAAAALLLL - PSG 3-1 LYON. From absolutely nowhere, Lyon have a goal and Terrier is the one to grab the ball after scoring. No celebration from the midfielder after he slotted the ball past Navas from the edge of the box. ,1

Kimpembe is shown a yellow card after bringing down Dembele on the edge of the box. This a rare opportunity from a free-kick for Lyon.,2

GOAAAALLLLLLL - PSG 2-0 LYON - Mbappe is too quick and too crafty for Lyon and in particular Lopes. Icardi deserves all the credit though, as he flies into two tackles to make sure his team keep possession. The ball trickles into Meunier's path near halfway, but the Frenchman does the hard bit as he lobs Lopes with the most delicate touch. Magnificent!!!,1

GOAAALLLLLLLL PSG 1-0 LYON - Di Maria finds the smallest gap at the near post, and he now has 12 for the season. Kurzawa denied Dembele on the edge of the PSG box before finding Gueye. The former Everton man played in Di Maria, and he danced past Marcal before finding the bottom corner.,1

DENNIS SCORES! Everton are all over the place at the back again and Pedro pulls the ball back to the edge of the box. Digne slides in but completely misses it. It rolls through to Dennis, who steps away from Keane and he keeps his composure to slot the ball past Pickford. 5-2 Watford! ,1

HAT-TRICK! It looks like the chance is wasted after Hernandez's pull-back is behind everyone, but Godfrey messes up his clearance. Dennis pokes it through to King, who dummies a shot that forces Coleman to commit to a tackle before he fires past Pickford for his third goal of the game. 4-2 Watford! ,1

KING SCORES! And just like that, Watford are ahead! It came from a quick break after Digne lost the ball and Dennis drives down the right. He curls a perfectly weighted cross into King, who is all alone in the box. He has time to bring it down before hitting his shot past Pickford and into the back of the net. 3-2 Watford! ,1

KUCKA EQUALISES! It's a good corner from Hernandez, but Everton's defenders are all over the place. Kucka is completely unmarked on the penalty spot and he makes a late run to thump a header past Pickford and pull Watford level. 2-2! ,1

Dennis clips Richarlison in his attempts to stop the Brazilian from latching onto the ball and he's shown a yellow card. ,2

Watford are making a double change following Everton's goal. Tufan is the first to go off, with Pedro on for him.,0

RICHARLISON SCORES! Digne's shot was blocked, but Watford just don't clear their lines properly. It's curled back in by Keane and Richarlison has so much space through the middle. He dives forward to get his head on it and Foster is in no man's land as it flies past him into the net. 2-1 Everton! ,1

Allan is the latest Everton player to go down in the box, but he was already going down when the contact came from Sissoko, so he's booked for diving. ,2

Coleman was knocked over when Watford took the free-kick and when he gets back up, Troost-Ekong trips him again. It was unnecessary, and he's booked for dissent.,2

Digne is shown the first yellow card of the game after he stuck out a leg to trip Sarr and stop him from cutting inside from the right. ,2

KING EQUALISES! Digne gives away a free-kick on the right and Masina whips a great cross into the middle, which is flicked on by Cathcart. King is waiting at the far post and he sticks out a leg to poke it past Pickford. The offside flag originally went up, but a VAR check proves King was onside and the goal stands. 1-1! ,1

DAVIES SCORES! It's direct from Everton as Gray pushes forward down the left and isn't put under any pressure by the Watford defenders. He fizzes a low cross into the box and Davies slides it to reach it ahead of Foster and it loops into the back of the net. 1-0 Everton! ,1

4-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Choupo-Moting gets himself onside intelligently after a giveaway in midfield sees Kimmich reclaim possession - before an incisive pass put between Simakan and Gvardiol finds the striker on the edge of the penalty area. From there, a simple finish beats the stranded keeper as the visitors continue their dominant display. ,1

Nagelsmann looks to shore up the defence with 15 minutes remaining, as Sule is brought on for Pavard.,0

Leipzig make a change at striker as they search for a way back into the match. It’s Silva who’s withdrawn - to be replaced by Poulsen.,0

Choupo-Moting replaces Lewandowski a minute before the hour, giving the Poland international some rest. ,0

Laimer is removed immediately after his spectacular goal, with Haidara the man sent on in his place. ,0

WHAT AN INCREDIBLE STRIKE TO MAKE IT 3-1! What a match this is turning out to be as Leipzig get one back through individual brilliance! Laimer picks the ball up well outside the penalty area and blazes a strike which beats the outstretched palm of Neuer to the top corner! It’s a superbly hit ball that gave the goalkeeper no chance!,1

BAYERN MAKE IT 3-0! Lewandowski starts the move by playing Musiala into the penalty area, where the Germany international has the presence of mind to square the ball instead of hitting it himself. The chipped cross meets Sane at the far post - who turns it into the open goal!,1

MUSIALA MAKES IT 2-0! Bayern get some insurance immediately after the restart as Davies’ chip into the penalty area is met by a strong left-foot volley from Musiala, who beats Gulacsi and sends it into the far corner!,1

Confirmation of the enforced change as Gnabry won't make it to half-time, with Nagelsmann sending Musiala on in his place. ,0

GOAL!!!! BAYERN TAKE THE LEAD! As soon as Lewandowski stepped up to the spot, few inside the stadium will have expected anything less. He coolly slotted his kick to the right, giving the visitors an early lead.,1

GOALLL! SANCHEZ! 1-1. Inter equalise at the death. Sanabria gives away possession and allows Inter to push forward. An intricate move ends with Dzeko laying it off to Sanchez who sweeps a precise finish into the bottom corner from 15 yards!,1

Dimarco lets his frustration show as he hits Pobega with a late tackle. The Inter man is shown a yellow card.,2

Bremer pulls Dzeko over, presenting Inter with a promising free-kick. However, Dimarco's delivery is headed away by Rodriguez.,2

Inter make a double substitution to try and turn around their fortunes ahead of the second half. The first sees Perisic head off for Gosens.,0

GOALL! BREMER! 1-0. Torino take the lead. Brekalo's corner prompts a scramble inside the six-yard box. Eventually, Pobega's mistimed shot falls to Bremer who nudges it awkwardly over the line from close range!,1

A last throw of the dice by Cacic sees a double Dinamo change. First, skipper Ademi is replaced by young Bulat in midfield.,0

After opening the scoring at Stamford Bridge, Petkovic's influence has waned. He makes way for Swiss striker Drmic.,0

Scorer of Chelsea's equaliser today, Sterling makes way in the closing stages; Pulisic is on for a brief cameo.,0

After scoring on his Champions League debut for Chelsea, Zakaria has now picked up an apparently minor injury and can't continue. Therefore, Loftus-Cheek is brought on as his replacement.,0

Potter decides to make a triple substitution, with an important weekend fixture perhaps in mind. First, the impressive Havertz makes way for Gallagher.,0

A blatant rugby-style tackle on Zakaria's waist sees Ivanusec's name taken by the referee; he's the latest man booked.,2

A terribly mistimed challenge by Koulibaly on Petkovic sends the latter crashing to the turf; deservedly the Chelsea centre-back is then booked.,2

CHELSEA GO IN FRONT! Forgotten man Zakaria pops up on the edge of the area and applies the finish to a smart Chelsea move with a low shot that just trickles over the line despite the best efforts of Moharrami. Havertz was instrumental in the build-up, and the German's pull-back from the touchline was deflected right into Zakaria's path - it's now 2-1 to the hosts!,1

For flicking a leg out at Mount, who is escaping upfield, Misic is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

CHELSEA STRIKE BACK! Sterling hauls the hosts level at Stamford Bridge! Jorginho's incisive throughball from midfield finds Aubameyang in the box, before a cute backheel sets up Sterling, who sidesteps a challenge and coolly slots the ball into the bottom-left corner! It's now 1-1, and all to play for!,1

DINAMO LEAD! With their first attack of the match, the Croatian champions strike! Capitalising on a lack of urgency in the Chelsea defence, Moharrami stands up a cross from the right flank to the far post, which is headed back into the path of Petkovic, who simply nods the ball past Mendy from close range and into the back of the net! 1-0 to Dinamo Zagreb!,1

Barkley replaces Christensen as Tuchel throws caution to the wind by adding another player in the final third.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CHIESA SCORES 11 SECONDS AFTER THE RESTART!!!! 1-0 JUVE!!!! The Bianconeri enjoy the perfect start to the second half as Chiesa hammers home a close-range finish. Juve catch Chelsea asleep at the back as Bernardeschi releases Chiesa in the left-inside channel. The Italian takes on the strike first time on his left foot and he fires his effort into the top-left corner giving Mendy no chance.,1

Alonso nudges Cuadrado into the advertising boards after a tussle down the left flank. The Chelsea man goes into the book.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! It's six!!! Brozovic's throughball from deep commits Skorupski as Dzeko runs onto it. His attempted cross evades the onrushing goalkeeper, and with the goal wide open, Gosens arrives at the far post to lash a low shot into the ground which bounces into the net!!! 6-1 to Inter now, and we're edging ever closer to cricket-score territory.,1

Inter make further changes, the first of which sees fifth goalscorer Calhanoglu replaced by Kristjan Asllani.,0

Barella's dynamism in midfield has been a crucial asset to the Nerazzurri once again, and he comes off now for Roberto Gagliardini.,0

Martinez is back in the goals and has been a metaphorical thorn in Bologna's side all game long, and in his place comes a more literal version of the phrase, in Marcelo Brozovic.,0

Two-goal Dimarco has excelled down the left, and particularly in the box for his second, but comes off now for Robin Gosens to take his place down the flank.,0

Arnautovic trudges off as his number comes up on the board, and he's replaced in attack by former Bayern Munich forward Joshua Zirkzee.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Calhanoglu makes no mistake from 12 yards, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way and slotting the ball home to make it five for Inter!! As if there wasn't already, at 5-1 there is absolutely no way back for Bologna now.,1

It was a clear hand-ball, albeit in a falling action from Sosa, and he's booked as Inter look to make it five from the spot.,2

Orsolini attempts to block Bastoni's rushed clearance, but jumps into the defender and fouls him, warranting a booking from the referee.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! There is number four, and what a finish it is!!! Barella's pass through the line finds Dimarco. The left-wing-back, seemingly out of place on the right-side of the box, makes no mistake though, cutting inside Sosa before curling a low shot beyond Skorupski and into the bottom corner! A delightful strike from Dimarco, and his second goal puts Inter 4-1 up!,1

Lucumi was run ragged by Martinez and co at times in that first half, and is replaced at the interval by Joaquin Sosa.,0

The booked Medel is also withdrawn halfway through, and the former Inter midfielder is replaced by Nikola Moro.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! It's three!!! Martinez wins a corner via a Soumaoro deflection, and lays in wait at the front post. Calhanoglu's delivery flies right to him, and the Argentine cleverly nods a close-range header beyond the goalkeeper and into the back of the net! Inter have completely turned this game around, and now lead it 3-1!,1

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! Superb strike!!! Dimarco steps up and drills the free-kick low, with power to boot. The ball rockets past the wall, and Skorupski sees it too late to keep out as it darts across him into the bottom corner! 2-1 to Inter, and what a first half this has turned out to be!,1

A scuffle breaks out before the free-kick is taken and almost everyone from both sides is involved. Martinez is judged to be Inter's worst offender, and so the winner of the initial free-kick is shown a yellow card.,2

It doesn't take much to rile Gary Medel, but the Chilean was right in the middle of that, meaning the ex-Inter midfielder will also receive a booking.,2

Martinez races forward for Inter and has support, but is fouled right on the edge of the box by Lucumi before he can shoot or pass! The Bologna defender is booked, and the hosts have a free shot at goal from a position that is certainly in-range for some of their chosen set-piece takers.,2

Arnautovic loses possession to Skriniar and immediately looks to get it back, but his pressing leaves a lot to be desired and is a touch too aggressive. He shunts the Slovakian to the floor, and is booked by the referee as a result.,2

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! What a way to equalise!!!! Dumfries runs down the right and hooks a cross to the edge of the box. Dzeko has time to pick his spot, and picks out the bottom corner with a fantastic volley, which loops across the diving Skorupski and nestles in the back of the net! What a finish, and we're back on level terms at 1-1 here!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! The Rossoblu race into the lead!!! Orsolini chips a ball up to Lucumi, who heads it to Schouten, and his cushioned header is struck sweetly on the volley by Orsolini, whose shot takes a deflection off Lykogiannis and wrong-foots Onana to go in! A bizarre goal which is credited to the unsuspecting Lykogiannis, but the visitors won't care either way, as they're 1-0 up!,1

Moreno is withdrawn after a fine performance, creating Villarreal's first goal and scoring the second.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GERARD MORENO RESTORES VILLARREAL'S LEAD!!!!! 2-1!!!! The hosts are back in front as Moreno holds his composure from the spot. He sends his left-footed strike low and hard into the bottom-left corner away from Courtois.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BENZEMA CONVERTS!!!! 1-1!!!!! Madrid are back in the game as Benzema slots his effort into the bottom-right corner. Reina dives the wrong way, allowing the Frenchman to find the net with ease.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! PINO FIRES VILLARREAL AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as Pino's strike deflects off Mendy into the back of the net. Mendy gives the ball away to Parejo, who feeds Moreno on the edge of the box. He provides a perfect offload for Pino to collect in the inside-left channel before the winger fires at goal. He beats Courtois and Mendy can only divert the ball over the line with his desperate block.,1

Torres is adjudged to have fouled Militao with a stray arm and goes into the book. It looks a harsh call.,2

Caprari fouls Demiral and picks up his second yellow card of the game. He's off and Sampdoria are down to 10 men!,3

Alex Sandro, who made a real difference in attack, now goes off for De Sciglio in Sarri's third and final change.,0

Demiral fouls Caprari and neither player is happy with the other. Demiral is booked for his poor challenge.,2

Higuain is now off for Ramsey as Sarri looks to gain greater control of the game. Dybala will play further forward alongside Ronaldo, while Ramsey will link midfield and attack behind the pair.,0

Jankto is replaced by Gabbiadini in a positive second change by Ranieri as he chases an equaliser. The substitute goes up front alongside Caprari, pushing Ramirez into a wider role.,0

Murillo then earns a booking of his own for a poor challenge out wide that gives Juventus the chance to deliver into the box.,2

Pjanic is not pleased as he is shown a yellow card for what he believes to have been a fair challenge on Caprari.,2

GOAL!! RONALDO HEADS JUVENTUS BACK IN FRONT!! Juventus work the ball around well, stretching Sampdoria and giving Alex Sandro the space to produce a sumptuous cross to the back post, where Ronaldo towers over his marker to head right into the top-left corner past Audero! It's 2-1 to Juventus!,1

Jankto cynically hauls Dybala back to prevent a counter-attack and earns himself the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOAL!! CAPRARI THUMPS SAMPDORIA LEVEL!! Ramirez tries to jink his way into the box from the right and passes it into the middle. It goes slightly astray but breaks for Caprari on the left side of the area and the striker thumps home a first-time finish that leaves Buffon with no chance! It's 1-1!,1

GOAL!! WHAT A HIT BY DYBALA!! And just like that, Juventus are ahead! They've hardly created anything so far, but Dybala connects sweetly with a switch of play from Alex Sandro and steers a left-footed volley from the right side of the box into the bottom-left corner! It's 1-0 to Juventus!,1

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! Can you believe it!!!! La Viola are caught short at the back as Inter break, and the ball is played through to Barella by Dzeko. He squares it across goal to Mkhitaryan, but Venuti gets there first. His touch is straight into Mkhitaryan though, and the ball bounces off the Armenian's shin and into the bottom corner!!! A crazy goal to (probably) end a crazy game, which Inter now lead 4-3!,1

GGOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! It's an equaliser, and it's an absolute beauty!!!! The corner is hit long, and is met by Milenkovic at the edge of the box. He heads it back towards goal, and Jovic swivels to fire an acrobatic volley into the back of the net!!! It's a strike with absolutely perfect technique, and one that draws this game level at 3-3!!! What a contest!!!,1

Ikone looks to play a one-two with Barak, but is held back from receiving the return ball by Dumfries, who is booked by the referee.,2

Martinez's goal from the spot was his second of the match, and is the difference between the two sides with five minutes of normal time left. He won't be able to get his hat-trick though, as he's replaced late on by Raoul Bellanova.,0

It's been one hell of a between Amrabat and the Inter midfielders, but the Moroccan comes off now, for Antonin Barak.,0

Left-back and Fiorentina captain Biraghi is also withdrawn, with Aleksa Terzic coming on for the remainder of this game.,0

Dodo comes off in La Viola's latest change, and Lorenzo Venuti will replace the right-back for the trailing hosts.,0

Milenkovic has his pocket picked by Dzeko near his own corner flag, and pulls the Inter substitute down, conceding a needless free-kick, and picking up a yellow card to boot.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Martinez steps up oozing confidence, and almost takes the net off after smashing his penalty into the top corner!!! That's his second of the game, and Inter's third, who are back into a 3-2 lead!,1

More changes coming for the visitors, as the impressive Dimarco comes off at left-wing-back for Robin Gosens.,0

Inter make a change following that equaliser, as Correa comes off for the more direct threat of Edin Dzeko up front.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! What a way to equaliser!!! On the counter, Kouame smashes a cross-field pass wide to Ikone. He's miles away from goal, but races into the box, cuts inside Acerbi, and picks his spot before firing a curling effort beyond Onana and into the top corner!!! What a run, what a strike, what a game we have on our hands as the scoreline is locked up at 2-2!,1

Kouame is caught late by Barella and tumbles to the floor, with the Inter goalscorer penalised by the referee on the near touchline.,2

Inter look to counter as Barella cuts inside from the right, but a trailing leg from Amrabat catches him and brings him down. The Fiorentina man is booked as a result.,2

Tempers are really starting to flare here as Dodo flies into a tackle and catches Dimarco left on the touchline. The Fiorentina full-back is shown a yellow card for the foul.,2

A mid-air collision between Kouame and Acerbi results in an all-in melee between both sets of players, with the referee having to step in to separate them! He books Bonaventura for his involvement, and that certainly won't be the last of the yellow cards here!,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! Never in doubt!! Cabral steps up for La Viola and calmly strokes the ball into the bottom-right corner! Onana dives the wrong way, and so that goal makes it 2-1, and game on!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What a solo effort that was!!! Another pass from the back goes astray and Inter snatch upon the ball straight away. Martinez surges forwards, stepping Quarta inside and out, before slotting the ball into the bottom corner! Another lapse at the back is capitalised on by the Nerazzurri, and their Argentine superstar makes it 2-0!,1

Gonzalez has unfortunately picked up and injury and will be forced off, and Jonathan Ikone comes on to replace the Fiorentina winger just nine minutes into this game.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! That didn't take long!!! Milenkovic loses out to Correa on the edge of his own box, and Martinez stabs the loose ball to Barella running through. With Terracciano rushing towards him, the Italy midfielder uses the outside of his foot to caress a clever finish beyond his reach, and the ball nestles in the bottom corner to put Inter 1-0 up!,1

Defender Jansson replaces Toney for the remaining minutes of this game as Brentford look to see this match through.,0

GOALLL!! 2-0 BRENTFORD! DASILVA! Brentford once again score against the run of play as Dasilva makes it 2-0! Zanka takes a quick throw and Toney flicks the ball in behind for his team-mate. Dasilva drives with the ball before slotting it into the bottom left corner.,1

GOALL!! 1-0 BRENTFORD!! TONEY! Toney scores against the run of play to put Brentford in the lead! Jensen’s long throw is not cleared by West Ham and the rebound from Norgaard’s shot falls kindly for Toney in the six-yard box.,1

GOAL! MUNIR MAKES IT 1-1! Munir taps home from a yard out after the ball bounced around the Athletic box.,1

GOAAAL! DE MARCOS GIVES ATHLETIC BILBAO A 1-0 LEAD! De Marcos is left completely unmarked at the back post and pokes home the cross. Alba was completely unaware of the right-back's late run. ,1

NAPOLI PULL ONE BACK! Out of nothing, Politano drifts in off the right flank, cuts onto his left foot and slides a precise low finish past Ter Stegen and into the bottom corner from over 20 yards out. That's surely only a consolation for Napoli, who trail 5-3 on aggregate with time running out.,1

Torres has enjoyed a productive outing and has certainly earned a rest. Puig will be his replacement for the final few minutes.,0

Having followed his weekend hat-trick with a wonderful goal today, Aubameyang is replaced by Luuk de Jong.,0

AUBA NETS THE FOURTH! Surely that's game over, as Traore pulls the ball back from the right side of the area, De Jong steps carefully over the ball and Aubameyang clips an unstoppable finish past Meret into the top right corner for Barcelona's fourth! That's 4-1 today, and 5-2 on aggregate.,1

Determined to halt another Barcelona break, Zielinski slides in from behind on Aubameyang near the halfway line and is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

Spalletti has responded to his side's first-half display by hauling off Demme and bringing on a winger, Politano.,0

PIQUE NETS A THIRD! From the corner, Napoli fail to get the ball adequately clear and Alba's deflected cross from the byline is controlled and turned home by Pique on the left side of the area. What a 45 minutes from the visitors; it's 3-1 to Barcelona heading towards the break!,1

NAPOLI BACK IN IT! From the spot, Insigne is ice cool and slots the ball past Ter Stegen and into the bottom corner of the net. Napoli 1-2 Barcelona - what a start to this game!,1

DE JONG DOUBLES THE LEAD! More loose play from Napoli - this time in midfield - sees the ball break to Torres in a central position, and the Barcelona forward opts for an unorthodox backheel to De Jong 30 yards out from goal. The Dutchman takes a couple of touches and then unfurls a beautiful curling shot into the top-right corner of the net - Meret had no chance! Barcelona 2-0 Napoli - and 3-1 to the Blaugrana on aggregate!,1

BARCELONA LEAD! A rapid break from their own area into Napoli's ends with Barcelona winger Traore feeding the ball through to Alba, unmarked on the right side of the area, and the flying full-back keeps cool to steer past Meret for the game's opening goal. The visitors are now 2-1 ahead on aggregate!,1

Haaland has had just 16 touches in this game, some 24 fewer than goalkeeper Ederson. The Norway talisman, who scored on the stroke of half-time, comes off for Wright. The substitute makes his first-team debut for City, and what a time to do it in the Champions League!,0

Mattsson cuts inside before his right-footed effort is blocked, with the ball looping in the air inside the City box. Cornelius, who is subsequently cautioned for the challenge, clatters into Akanji with a high boot and concedes a needless free-kick to go with the further punishment.,2

With Nunes down injured, Guardiola is forced to bring the City midfielder off as young forward Hamilton comes on. Nunes still appears in some discomfort after appearing to dislocate his finger when attempting a challenge on Mattsson.,0

Bardghji, who scored a last-gasp winner against City's rivals Manchester United in the group stages, is introduced for Achouri.,0

Guardiola takes the chance to offer Rodri a rest. The midfielder, who assisted Haaland’s first-half goal, makes way at half-time for Gomez.,0

GOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! CITY MAKE IT 3-1! For all of Copenhagen’s hard work, they fall 6-2 behind on aggregate. Of course, it is Haaland who delivers for Guardiola’s hosts once again. Rodri has possession on the halfway line and arrows a looping pass over Neestrup’s defence, with Haaland bringing it down before cutting inside and rifling a low left-footed strike. Grabara goes the wrong way as a slight deflection takes the effort into the bottom-right corner.,1

WHAT A GOAL! COPENHAGEN PULL ONE BACK! It is total football from the visitors, who drag this tie back to 2-1 and reduce the aggregate deficit to 5-2. Elyounoussi bursts over the halfway line, dancing inside before finding Oskarsson, who plays a delicate first-time flick back into the path of his team-mate. Younoussi strides onto the offload inside the City area, curling a delicate right-footed finish past the otherwise untested Ederson. A sublime piece of work from the Danish side!,1

GOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! CITY DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Having watched Rodri hit the crossbar a matter of seconds ago from Alvarez’s corner, Copenhagen only manage to clear back out to the left-hand side. Alvarez pounces on the loose ball, cutting in and whipping an optimistic right-footed effort towards the near post. It is a simple catch for Grabara but the Copenhagen goalkeeper somehow lets it through his grasp, sending City 2-0 up in this leg and 5-1 ahead on aggregate!,1

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 CITY! McKenna is unable to keep possession in play, offering City a right-sided corner. Alvarez, an addition to the lineup after the Man Utd win, delivers towards the near post and Akanji produces a perfectly timed right-footed volley that crashes into the top-right corner. Grabara has no chance as the centre-back’s emphatic finish is past him before he can react. The European champions further their aggregate advantage to 4-1!,1

BROZOVIC IS SENT OFF! BOTH SIDES DOWN TO 10! In order to prevent a counter-attack, Brozovic goes lunging into a tackle on Cuadrado, which catches the full-back squarely. The cynical challenge draws the 10th yellow card of the game, but its Brozovic’s second of the evening - sending him to the locker room.,3

Brozovic is now booked for giving the referee a piece of his mind. It's been quite the game for the match official.,2

The yellow carded Bastoni is withdrawn with 10 minutes remaining, as Conte sends Vecino - a midfielder - into the fray.,0

Martinez is booked for catching the ankle of De Ligt with his studs during an attempt to steer a loose ball towards goal. It doesn't appear intentional but it is a dangerous one.,2

Inter respond with a switch of their own as they look to pull themselves level. Eriksen is replaced by Sensi.,0

Pirlo makes a defensive change as he looks to cling onto the lead, as Demiral is brought on for Chiesa. ,0

It's not often that Ronaldo is replaced, but down to 10 men with 20 minutes to go Pirlo is looking to inject some fresh legs into his side. Morata is the man chosen to come on. ,0

Pirlo makes a substitution immediately, looking to solidify his midfield. Kulusevski is the man to make way, as McKennie is sent on.,0

BENTANCUR SENT OFF! Things get even more incredible just before the hour, as a shoulder-to-shoulder between Bentancur and Lukaku sends the forward to the ground. The referee tries playing advantage but brings play back and shows the Uruguay midfielder a second yellow for the infraction on Lukaku! Juve down to 10 men for the final 35 minutes!,3

AN INCREDIBLE STRIKE GIVES JUVE THE EDGE! 2-1! Cuadrado’s first goal of the season couldn’t come at a better time! Kulusevski’s attempted pullback for Ronaldo receives a slight deflection which puts it at the edge of the penalty spot for the full-back, who runs onto it and smashes a shot into the roof of the net! ,1

LUKAKU MAKES NO MISTAKE! 1-1! The Inter forward notches his 23rd goal of the season, sending Szczesny the wrong way as he coolly slots his finish into the bottom left! Game on once again!,1

GOAL! Ronaldo doesn’t convert from the penalty spot after a great diving save from Handanovic, but the forward does well to follow the rebound and tuck it home at the second time of asking. 1-0 Juventus!,1

Bentancur’s cynical tug of Martinez’s kit during a counter-attack draws the attention of the referee, who brandishes a yellow card for the second time in the match.,2

Hakimi is down holding his shin after being stepped on accidentally by Kulusevski.The Sweden international receives the first yellow card of the match.,2

Osho is booked for dragging Rashford to the ground. The United forward would have had a clean run through if not for that intervention.,2

There will be no hat-trick goal for Hojlund as he is taken off with four minutes of normal time remaining. Amrabat is on to provide some midfield steel.,0

Lindelof is cautioned for a pretty poor challenge in midfield. The referee did well to let play continue before then reaching into his pocket.,2

Mainoo is the latest player to be cautioned after lunging in on Clark, who was charging through on the United goal. Replays show he actually got a touch to the ball first so that is very harsh.,2

Townsend, on the field for a matter of seconds, rather clumsily drags down Rashford on the edge of the Luton penalty area to earn himself a yellow card and concede a free-kick in shooting range.,2

Clark has been brought on in place of former Manchester United player Chong with a little over 20 minutes to play.,0

Townsend is also brought on for Luton in place of Woodrow. There is still plenty of time to find an equaliser - and indeed a winner.,0

Having watched a chaotic first period, Ten Hag makes a double switch at half-time. Evans comes on for Maguire, who was already on a caution, at centre-back.,0

Casemiro was fortunate to not receive his marching orders before the break and the midfielder also comes off for McTominay.,0

Another blow for United. Shaw is unable to continue, as was the case last time out against Villa, and makes way for Lindelof. The visiting defender will slot in as a makeshift left-back.,0

What are you doing, Maguire? The United centre-back needlessly fells the onrushing Morris, earning a yellow card for a terribly timed tackle and also conceding a free-kick in a dangerous area.,2

There's no escaping this one. Casemiro trips the marauding Bell and the referee has no option but to show a yellow card to the United midfielder.,2

Shaw commits a cynical foul, barging into the way of Ogbene, who was powering down the right flank. The United left-back joins Woodrow in the referee's book.,2

Woodrow is cautioned after attempting to delay the restart from United's free-kick just inside the visitors' half.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! LUTON PULL ONE BACK! What a chaotic start! The Hatters are back in this clash as they make it 2-1. Chong drives from the inside left-hand channel before his right-footed strike deflects off Maguire. The looping ball evades Shaw and Morris nips in front of Onana to head under the United goalkeeper. The hosts have a lifeline.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 2-0 UNITED! This could almost be game over for Luton, who have struggled to get going at Kenilworth Road. Shaw angles a left-sided corner that is cleared at the near post. Garnacho volleys from the edge of the area, although a wicked right-footed effort deflects off Hojlund’s chest and catches Kaminski going the wrong way. The United striker appeared to mean it, too, and what a finish to double his account!,1

GOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! UNITED STRIKE AFTER JUST A MINUTE! The Red Devils roar into an early 1-0 lead as Hojlund finds the net for a sixth straight Premier League game. A long Casemiro clearance hangs in the sky before Bell makes a mess of his attempted hook away. Hojlund bursts through the middle, rounding the stranded Kaminski before drilling a low left-footed effort into the open goal.,1

The referee shows Ederson a yellow card for an angry reaction after an argument between several players from both sides. ,2

STERLING! CITY GO 3-2 UP! Sterling latches onto a long ball from Ederson, bumping Oczipka away from the ball. He takes it down and passes it into the corner of the net.,1

WHAT A GOAL! LEROY SANE! 2-2! Leroy Sane lines up the free-kick from just under 30 yards out in a central position. His left-footed effort curls and dips into the top-right corner past a diving Fahrmann. Incredible.,1

Skrzybski comes on in place of McKennie, who appears to still be struggling after picking up a knock earlier on. ,0

Salif Sane goes into the referee's book for bringing Bernardo Silva down on the edge of the Schalke box.,2

OTAMENDI SENT OFF! Otamendi clatters Burgstaller from behind and is immediately shown a second yellow card. Reckless defending. ,3

2-1! BENTALEB SCORES AGAIN! Bentaleb smashes the penalty into the top-left corner past a diving Ederson. The Manchester City goalkeeper got a hand to it, but it was not strong enough to stop Bentaleb's well-struck shot. ,1

GOAAAL! BENTALEB CONVERTS! Bentaleb steps up after a long wait and calmly fires into the bottom-right corner with his left foot. ,1

GOAL! AGUERO MAKES IT 1-0! Aguero capitalises on some defensive chaos to tap into an empty net from eight yards out.,1

Final change for Southampton now and it's a defensive one. Armstrong goes off, with Lyanco replacing him.,0

Pulisic tried to take it past Armstrong, but lost out to the winger, and then fouled Djenepo in his attempts to win it back. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Southampton are making their second change before they take their corner. Perraud goes off for Djenepo.,0

Azpilicueta is also making way, with Broja coming on to face the side for whom he played on loan last season.,0

Chelsea are making a triple change as they look to get back into this game. Havertz is the first to go off, with Pulisic on for him.,0

Ward-Prowse clips the back of Ziyech's heels to stop him from breaking on the counter and earns himself a booking.,2

Lavia does make his way straight off the pitch after receiving treatment, and Aribo comes on in his place.,0

There's a change for Chelsea at the break as Kovacic comes on for the second half to replace Loftus-Cheek, due to a knee problem.,0

ARMSTRONG SCORES! It's a wonderful move by Southampton! Ward-Prowse pulls back into space and ignores the shouts to shoot from the crowd and sweeps it out to Perraud. He fizzes his cross in and Armstrong takes a touch before firing it into the back of the net with the help of a deflection off Koulibaly. 2-1 Southampton!,1

LAVIA EQUALISES! It's a brilliant goal! It's not the best corner from Ward-Prowse, with Havertz stretching to block it, but his interception only goes as far as Lavia. He sets himself with his first touch before firing his shot past Mendy and into the bottom-right corner for his first Southampton goal. 1-1!,1

STERLING SCORES! Chelsea break on the counter again, with Mount leading the charge for the Blues this time. He plays a one-two with Havertz on the left wing and unselfishly squares it to Sterling. Perraud slides in to cut it out, but the ball bounces up nicely for Sterling, and he slots it into the empty net. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

Calvert-Lewin's fantastic header put the ice on this result for Everton, and the England striker comes off to a hero's embrace as Youssef Chermiti enters the fray late on.,0

Diaz doesn't get a free-kick decision as Everton look to break, but that's soon stopped by a foul from Gomez which the referee does blow for. Diaz is furious and tells the official as much, being met with a yellow card in response!,2

Mac Allister also chimes in with his opinion to the referee, and he too is shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

Alexander-Arnold is also replaced at right-back, with Joe Gomez on in his position for the rest of the match.,0

Two more changes coming for Liverpool, who bring on a pair of defenders despite needing to score in this game! Konstantinos Tsimikas is on in the first alteration, replacing Robertson at left-back.,0

Everton make their first tactical substitution of the half, with Gueye replaced by Amadou Onana in central midfield for the Toffees.,0

Konate has run the risk of a yellow card at times in this game, and he's now replaced at centre-back by Liverpool youngster Jarell Quansah.,0

Wataru Endo is also on in further midfield alterations, and he'll replace Szoboszlai for the remainder of this match.,0

A triple change coming from Jurgen Klopp with his Liverpool side in disarray, and the first sees Jones replaced in central midfield by Harvey Elliott.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Calvert-Lewin doubles Everton's lead with a bullet!! McNeil hoists the corner up towards the far post, where Calvert-Lewin rises above the red shirts to power and downward header in to the bottom corner!!! 2-0 to the Toffees at a bouncing Goodison Park, and is Liverpool's title challenge coming off the rails before our very eyes here?,1

Mykolenko did appear to shake off the injury he picked up late in the first half, but won't feature in the second period as he's replaced at left-back by Ashley Young.,0

Another free-kick goes Everton's way after McNeil is bundled over by his opposite number Diaz, and Van Dijk's protests directly to the referee earn the Liverpool captain a yellow card!,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! Everton lead 1-0 in the derby after some absolute chaos in the Liverpool box!!! Branthwaite's initial header from a free-kick is skewed away, but Everton keep the ball alive and Godfrey's snap-shot ricochets into the centre-back's path. Branthwaite's second attempt from close range is stopped by Alisson, but it squirms underneath the goalkeeper and is rolling over the line as Calvert-Lewin smashes it in to make sure!! 1-0 amidst the madness, and Everton lead the Merseyside derby!,1

Busquets is booked for unsportsmanlike conduct. He knew he was doing. Sanchez was just about to try to find a cross.,2

Alarcon is booked for that challenge on Depay. Barca have a free-kick in a central position. There'll be five more minutes in this game.,2

After a wobbly few minutes Barca seem to have this situation under control. Akapo's booked for accidentally standing on Depay's foot.,2

Cadiz make another enforced change. Akapo takes Carcelen's place at right-back in time to take a throw-in for the hosts.,0

Barca make another substitution. Gavi off. The 19-year-old defensive midfielder Gonzalez, comes on in midfield.,0

Barca sacrifice Luuk de Jong so they can maintain their shape after his brother's dismissal. Coutinho replaces him.,0

Roberto picks up a yellow card too for protesting the decision too much. Barca need to be careful not to let this setback affect them. The game is still in their hands, even if it will be tougher for them now with 10 men.,2

RED CARD FOR FRENKIE DE JONG! The Barca midfielder slides clumsily into Espino in an attempt to salvage a loose touch. He receives his second yellow card and he has to go! Koeman rubs his chin. Barca's players harangue the referee to no avail. ,3

Negredo also heads off the pitch after getting Cadiz's best chance so far. The Honduran forward Lozano comes on.,0

Cadiz go next as Sanchez replaces Jimenez on their right flank. Jimenez didn't do much wrong in the first half.,0

BAYERN TAKE THE LEAD IN INJURY TIME! 2-1! Dier’s long pass over the top gets Choupo-Moting on the ball inside the penalty area and instead of taking it down with a touch, the substitute lifts a pass over the outstretched leg of the defender for Kane. As clinical as ever, the forward steps up and whacks a powerful volley with his left foot that blazes past Blaswich!,1

Rose looks to add some fresh legs into his midfield and replaces Simons with Elmas, a January signing from Napoli.,0

Looking to switch things up in the final 10 minutes, Kim is sent on for Pavlovic, which should mean a reshuffle of the Bayern formation.,0

Simakan is late to get to Musiala, missing the ball and pushing the forward over on the left wing as a result. It’s a yellow card for the centre-back, while Bayern Munich are given a free-kick.,2

Rose doesn't appear to be satisfied with a draw as he makes a change at striker, with Poulsen replacing Openda.,0

SESKO PULLS IT LEVEL! 1-1! Orban is allowed to get to the edge of the penalty area in possession, dragging a defender towards him before slipping a pass through the lines for Olmo. The winger shapes to shoot but instead plays an unselfish pass square to Sesko, who uses the side of his foot to guide his shot past Neuer - with a deflection from Goretzka sealing the finish!,1

The referee is forced to produce two yellow cards in two minutes, with Schlager called for catching Tel’s ankle with his studs during an attempted tackle inside the centre-circle. The Leipzig midfielder is the fifth player to be booked today, and the third this half.,2

For the second time in the match, Olmo is tugged back by a Bayern Munich player in order to prevent a counter-attack. This time, it’s Musiala who has attracted the attention of the referee, with the Germany international shown a yellow card.,2

De Ligt lifts his leg to try and volley away a bouncing ball, but he's beaten to it by Openda, who receives a painful kick as a result. It's a free-kick for Leipzig just inside Bayern's half, while the centre-back is shown a yellow card.,2

BAYERN BREAK THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Musiala receives a square pass from Guerreiro on the flank and manages to turn between Haidara and Schlager before playing an incisive ball for Kane. The striker takes a touch to set himself before dispatching in typical clinical fashion, finding the far corner with a low, powerful hit!,1

Orban sticks out his leg inside the centre-circle and catches Kane, preventing him from turning and sending him down to the turf. It's a yellow card for the Leipzig captain with four minutes left to go in the half.,2

Looking to stop Olmo from progressing into Bayern’s half with the ball, Pavlovic reaches out and holds the winger with two hands, pulling him back cynically. It’s a yellow card for the midfielder, who is shown the first booking of the game.,2

With the win so close, Allegri is trying to run down the clock with his last two changes. McKennie is replaced by Iling-Junior.,0

Napoli's final roll of the dice sees them make a double change. Lobotka is the first to go off, with Cajuste on for him.,0

Ostigard, who isn't even on the pitch, isn't happy with one of the referee's decisions, and it draws attention. The substitute is booked for dissent.,2

Mazzarri is clearly trying to capitalise on the momentum after that disallowed goal, so he's making a double change. Politano is the first to go off, with Raspadori on for him.,0

Vlahovic isn't moving comfortably when he gets back to his feet, and he's led straight off the pitch. Milik is brought on to replace him.,0

Napoli are making the first change of the game as Mazzarri looks to add something different to his forward play. Zielinski is taken off, with Elmas on in his place.,0

It was Jesus that swiped Vlahovic's legs out from under him during that last attack, and the referee now goes back to book the defender.,2

Bremer's outstretched arm catches Osimhen in the side of the head as they both go up for an aerial challenge. The defender is pleading his innocence but still receives a booking for it.,2

GATTI SCORES! After getting an important goal last weekend, the defender gets on the scoresheet again! McKennie's long throw-in was easily cleared, but it's worked back out to the American. He tees up Cambiaso for a cross instead, and his whipped ball picks out Gatti at the far post. He guides his header into the back of the net. 1-0 Juve!,1

Kvaratskhelia's frustration levels keep rising, and after he doesn't win a free-kick that he wants, he throws the ball at Cambiaso's back. The referee is left with no choice but to book him for dissent.,2

Zanotti makes his first league appearance of the season as he comes on for the final moments in place of Gosens.,0

MARTINEZ!!! 2-0 INTER! The hosts doubled their lead courtesy of the skipper! Neat play releases Dumfries down the right. The wing-back sends in a low cross that is brilliantly steered home by Martinez.,1

MKHITARYAN!!! 1-0 INTER! A clever Martinez touch releases Gosens on the counter. He sweeps the ball into Barella, who neatly tees it up for Mkhitaryan to guide into the top corner from just inside the box.,1

Torre is carted from the field with a knee injury that he sustains while scoring. Sanz replaces the midfielder.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TORRES SMASHES HOME A STRIKE!!!! 4-2 BARCELONA!!! Torre surely puts the game beyond doubt, although he hurts himself in the process. Raphinha catches out the Plzen defence with a quick ball over the top from a free-kick. Torre collects in stride before blasting his left-footed strike past Stanek. He loses his balance after the fact and receives treatment on his knee.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHORY NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 3-2!!!! Plzen are back in the game as Chory directs his header past Pena. The home side came close 30 seconds before as Vlkanova struck the post from close range with a left-footed strike. They keep the attack alive down the left and Vlkanova angles a cross into the middle that soars over Alonso. Chory connects and dispatches his header into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TORRES RESPONDS FOR BARCA!!!!! 3-1!!!!! The Catalan club restore their two-goal lead as Torres fires home his second of the game. He bursts into the box and offloads to Raphinha in the inside-right channel. The Brazilian works it back to Torres, who blasts a low strike towards the bottom-right corner and it travels through Stanek into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CHORY CONVERTS!!!!! 2-1!!!!!! The home side are back in the game as Chory holds his composure from 12 yards. The striker slots his right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner, sending Pena the wrong way. Game on.,1

N'diaye catches Torre with a hand to the face to send the youngster to the deck. He gets booked for his challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TORRES' GOAL IS AWARDED BY VAR!!!!! 2-0 BARCELONA!!!! Barca extend their lead as Alba is onside in the build-up before crossing to Torres, who finishes in style on his right foot. Kessie stands the ball up for Alba to collect in the inside-left channel and he lifts a cross into the middle. Torres takes his chance by smashing his strike past Stanek on the half-volley.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ALONSO POKES HOME ON THE LINE!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!!!! The visitors take the lead as Alonso slides to ensure the ball crosses the line after Stanek saved Fati's strike. Alonso surges forward from the back to start the move before Torres releases Fati in the inside-left channel. The forward shoots but sees his effort saved by Stanek, although the ball trickles towards the goalline. Alonso follows in on the slide to ensure that Barca take the lead.,1

GOOOOOALLLL! Inter have the equaliser and Dumfries scores! He jumps to head in a brilliant delivery from Sanchez off a free-kick down the right and the hosts are back in this one. Never count them out! 1-1,1

The first yellow card of the game goes to Casale for a foul. He will miss the final game of the season.,2

GOOOOOALLLL! Lazio have their goal this time! Kamada with the opening goal here. He gets the ball just outside the box, is unmarked, has a lot of space, and smashes one with his left foot into the bottom corner. Nothing Sommer can do this time. Lazio up 1-0.,1

Edwards make an attacking change at Kenilworth Road, with Onyedinma coming off. He will be replaced by Woodrow.,0

Gueye receives a yellow card for a late challenge on Chong, and Luton have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Chong is the latest player to go into the book for a late challenge on Godfrey, and Everton win a free-kick.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-1! Luton equalise! Harrison gives the ball away and Lokonga is allowed to turn before clipping a delivery towards the back post. Adebayo brings it down on his chest with Young failing to deal with him, and he fires it into the back of the net on the half volley! The Hatters are back in it!,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-0 EVERTON! After the penalty was awarded for a foul on Branthwaite, Calvert-Lewin steps up to the spot. It’s a short run up from the English striker, and he fires it down the middle, with Kaminski diving to his right! Calm and collected from the towering centre-forward.,1

Garner is the first player to go into the book for a foul on Chong as Luton looked to counter-attack.,2

Not even on the pitch today, Newcastle's Lascelles is booked in a fractious conclusion to the game - for trying to stop Chelsea resuming play by the touchline.,2

For the last in a number of aggressive challenges in the closing stages, Longstaff receives a yellow card.,2

Left exposed against Almiron again, Koulibaly catches the Newcastle forward with a sliding challenge and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Due to injury, Botman limps off and Targett comes into Newcastle's back four. Burn is therefore likely to move inside to centre-back.,0

Receiving applause for his goalscoring contribution today, Willock is withdrawn late on; Murphy is his replacement.,0

Howe swaps strikers for the game's final few minutes, as Wood makes way for the rapturously received Wilson.,0

A lonely shift up front comes to an early end for Broja, as Havertzis thrown on for the closing stages.,0

NEWCASTLE LEAD! Finally, the deadlock is broken! After Almiron escapes from the clutches of Koulibaly on the right side of the area, the ball falls into the path of an on-rushing Willock. Without taking a touch, the midfielder places a perfect finish into the bottom-right corner, past the well-beaten Mendy! It's 1-0 to the Toon!,1

Having taken down the fast-escaping Pulisic in the centre-circle, Trippier receives a merited yellow card.,2

Chelsea have made another switch at the interval - their second of the game - with Azpilicueta making way for the more attacking option of Pulisic.,0

For tugging back Guimaraes in midfield, Jorginho's attempt at halting a counter-attack is punished by a booking.,2

A tactical foul from Elmas right on the edge of the box. Milinkovic-Savic plays a pass through to Cancellieri who is pulled to the floor.,2

Lazio make their third change with Sarri looking to slow down the game. Alberto is off with Cataldi coming on.,0

Napoli are making another two changes with time running out to find an equaliser. Simeone comes on in the attack with Zielinski now off.,0

Both wingers have now been changed for Lazio. Zaccagni is replaced by Cancellieri for the final eight minutes.,0

Napoli boss Spalletti has seen enough and has decided to make two substitutions. The first sees Politano replace Lozano on the wing. His last action was having a cross blocked.,0

GOALLLLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM VECINO! 1-0 LAZIO! Meret had no chance of saving that! A cross from the left is knocked into the middle of the pitch by Kvaratskhelia who fails to clear it away. Rushing onto it, Vecino crashes his effort from outside the box into the bottom corner.,1

Lazio makes the first change. Anderson's 200th appearance for the club comes to an end with Pedro replacing him.,0

The first yellow card of the game goes to Patric after he collides with Osimhen on the edge of the Lazio box.,2

Inzaghi introduces more fresh legs, making a double substitution: first, Dimarco makes way for Carlos Augusto on the left flank.,0

A further change by Benfica sees Bernat making way for Cabral, a former Fiorentina striker, who did well in the Europa Conference League last season.,0

Apparently carrying a minor knock, goalscorer Thuram is withdrawn by Inzaghi; Sanchez replaces him up front.,0

For responding to Otamendi in a bout of penalty-box pushing, Dumfries is the latest Inter player booked. That's three in a matter of minutes for the Nerazzurri.,2

Barella follows his captain into the book, also for dissent. Inter need to keep their discipline here, having taken control of the game since half-time.,2

Having been caught by a flailing boot from Neres, Martinez stays down hurt. When Inter's skipper returns to his feet, the referee flashes a yellow card in his direction for dissent - he thought Benfica's Brazilian winger did that on purpose and complained vociferously.,2

INTER LEAD! It had been coming! The Nerazzurri go 1-0 up at San Siro, as Thuram slots home a Dumfries cutback from the right byline. The French forward stayed cool to convert his chance from 12 yards out, and Inter are rewarded for a relentless start to this second half!,1

Following a challenge by Dimarco, Bah can't continue due to injury; Araujo comes on to replace him at right-back.,0

Slot makes his first change of the game now and it's a defensive one. De Wit makes way as Hatzidiakos comes on to replace him. ,0

The substitute is subbed as McBurnie replaces Burke upfront for the hosts. You'd imagine that's for his height with defending set pieces in the final stages.,0

A swift change for Sheffield United following Jagielka’s sending off. Burke replaces Brewster for the hosts.,0

JAGIELKA IS SENT OFF!!! After a lengthy review from the referee, he deems that Jagielka was indeed the last man and the Sheffield United defender is dismissed. Some would say that's a harsh decision in truth. ,3

GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 TO THE BLADES. MCGOLDRICK!!!! The hosts have played well so far but that opener comes as a bit of a shock. Baldock cuts in from the right and strikes at goal. In truth it’s not the best effort and it’s heading comfortably wide however the Sheffield United captain reacts and turns the ball in at the back post from six yards out. That's a real poachers finish as they say. ,1

Salah's evening is done after adding another goal to his tally for the season. Keita replaces the forward.,0

GOAL!!!!! ORIGI HEADS HOME!!! IT'S 2-1 TO LIVERPOOL!!! The Reds deal a massive blow to Milan's last-16 hopes as Origi heads in on the rebound. Tomori loses possession on the edge of his own box to Mane, who surges into the box before firing at goal. Maignan makes a fine reaction save, but the ball loops towards Origi. The Belgian directs his header away from the Milan keeper into the top-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SALAH SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!! 1-1!!!! Liverpool are level as Salah responds for the visitors. Oxlade-Chamberlain is afforded space and time on the edge of the Milan box once more. He drills a low strike on his left foot that Maignan parries into the path of Salah. The forward buries his effort high into the net to notch the equaliser.,1

GOALLLLLLL!!!! TOMORI POUNCES! 1-0 MILAN! The Rossoneri take the lead as Tomori capitalises on a rebound to fire home from close range. Romagnoli attacks a cross from Diaz from the right flank and steers a strike towards the near post. Alisson makes the reaction stop but palms the ball into the middle of the six-yard box. Tomori is alert and strikes his effort into the empty net.,1

Ballo-Toure's reckless challenge makes him the newest addition to the referee's book. It must have a lot of blank space.,2

Tonali's shown a yellow card for a crunching tackle. It's surprising that we've only seen one red card.,2

Pobega picks up a yellow card for scything down Loftus-Cheek. Chelsea are passing around Milan with ease.,2

James leaves the pitch, thankfully under his own steam. Azpilicueta replaces him at right wing-back for Chelsea.,0

Milan finally make a change to adapt to going down to 10 men. Dest replaces Diaz to slot in at right-back.,0

Krunic is the latest Milan player to get booked for dissent after an ill-timed tackle. This game's been littered with fouls.,2

GOAL! MILAN 0-2 CHELSEA! Sterling leaves Mount's cute round-the-corner pass for Aubameyang, who fires past Tatarusanu at the near post. That's what they brought the Gabon forward in to do!,1

Gabbia's unhappy to be shown the yellow card for that challenge on Mount. He did catch the Englishman in the face, to be fair.,2

Sterling lands his name in the book for a crude challenge on Krunic. Both teams are looking irritable now.,2

GOAL! MILAN 0-1 CHELSEA! Jorginho steps up, makes his customary hop, and curls his penalty kick coolly into the bottom left corner of the net. Milan will feel very hard done by.,1

There's a long discussion about the legitimacy of the decision, and Mount's booked for wading into it unnecessarily.,2

RED CARD FOR TOMORI! Wow! Not only do Chelsea have a penalty, but their former player Tomori has been sent off for denying Mount an obvious goalscoring opportunity! It looks harsh, as Mount stayed on his feet and managed to get his shot away, but it was a foul.,3

INTER GO TWO GOALS AHEAD! 3-1! Gagliardini somewhat surprisingly leads Inter on a quick counter-attack, drawing three defenders towards him before slipping a selfless pass across the face of goal for Martinez. The striker meets the pass with a lovely scooped finish, sending it up and over a sprawling Cragno!,1

OUT OF NOWHERE - CAGLIARI HALF THE DEFICIT! 2-1! This is turning into a bit of a mad match as Cagliari go up the other end of the pitch through Bellanova, who passes it to the left for Rog. Rog finds Lykogiannis and the full-back steps up to hammer home a shot from distance!,1

MARTINEZ DOUBLES INTER’S ADVANTAGE! 2-0! A long pass is launched over the top of the defence by Barella for the striker, who beats Altare for pace and power before slotting a finish into the far corner!,1

A two-footed sliding challenge from Darmian on Rog earns the Inter wing-back the first yellow card of the game.,2

INTER TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Perisic drives towards the byline and curls a lovely cross to the far post for Darmian, who rises high above Lykogiannis to head it back across Cragno and beat the goalkeeper!,1

GOAAALLL! DIAS SCORES! 4-0 CITY! A late fourth for City who complete a route. Cancelo’s ball across is met by the incoming Dias who has the easiest finish of the night from close range.,1

GOAAAALL! HAALAND SCORES AGAIN! 3-0 CITY! Bounou pushes Foden’s original shot into the path of the striker, who rolls the ball into an empty net to get his second of the match.,1

GOAAALLL! FODEN SCORES! 2-0 CITY! Foden gets his first Champions League goal of the season. Receiving a pass from Cancelo, Foden beats Gudelj with his quick feet before firing the ball into the bottom corner.,1

GOAAAALLL! HAALAND SCORES! 1-0 CITY! Haaland opens his Champions League account for City. Lurking in the middle of the box, the striker latches onto a cross from De Bruyne, poking the ball in from close range.,1

Elmas gets shown the yellow card for his challenge on Max. Napoli will make changes before Eintracht take their free-kick.,2

Napoli make a few substitutions. The influential Lozano leaves the pitch. On comes Elmas in his stead.,0

Lindstrom also heads off. The Dane looked lively at first but Napoli soon figured him out. The Colombian forward Borre comes on for Eintracht.,0

GOAL! EINTRACHT FRANKFURT 0-2 NAPOLI! Napoli's captain Di Lorenzo doubles their lead! The right-back arrives into the box to sweep Kvaratskhelia's cheeky backheel left-footed into the far bottom corner.,1

Kolo Muani eventually gets to his feet and realises he has to leave the pitch. Gotze's booked for advising the referee to hurry him along.,2

RED CARD FOR KOLO MUANI! The Frenchman overruns with the ball and catches Anguissa on the foot as he stretches to reach it. Both players stay down injured for a while. The referee shows the Eintracht striker no sympathy and dismisses him. Napoli's players applaud the decision.,3

GOAL! EINTRACHT FRANKFURT 0-1 NAPOLI! You can't stop Napoli from scoring! Max gives the ball away down Eintracht's left and Napoli break forward quickly. Lozano quickly crosses for Osimhen who bundles the ball into the net at the far post.,1

GOAL! 3-2 Chelsea! The Blues have been banging on the door for a while and edge in front once again. Lacazette sloppily gives the ball away and Hazard takes advantage, cutting a ball into the middle that Alonso tucks home.,1

Arsenal make their final change and it is an attacking one, as Iwobi is replaced by Lacazette. He will play through the middle with Aubameyang moving to the left.,0

Double change for Chelsea as they look to get their nose back in front, with the first switch seeing Kovacic make his Chelsea debut by replacing Barkley.,0

GOAL! Arsenal equalise! Bellerin and Mkhitaryan combine superbly down the right, with the latter drilling a ball across the face of goal that Iwobi latches onto and fires past Kepa.,1

GOAL! Arsenal pull one back! Monreal steals possession in midfield and Iwobi's pass deflects back into the path of Mkhitaryan, who strikes a low shot from outside the area that Kepa gets a hand to but cannot keep out.,1

Xhaka clatters into Pedro with a poor challenge, becoming the first player to be booked by Martin Atkinson.,2

GOAL! 2-0 Chelsea! Arsenal made to pay for that miss as Morata doubles Chelsea's lead. He bursts into space and cuts back to beat Mustafi, then slotting past Cech.,1

GOAL! 1-0 Chelsea! Alonso has far too much space to work with down the left after catching Bellerin out of position, then cutting a ball across the face of goal to Pedro who tucks home beyond Cech.,1

Simeone makes his final change of the match with Llorente coming on in place of Joao Felix. It remains 2-0 with just over five minutes of normal time remaining.  ,0

RED CARD! Rather incredibly, Morata, who has only been on the field for eight minutes, is shown a second yellow card for dissent after exchanging words with Sevilla just moments after the initial booking.,3

The referee is forced to intervene after Morata and Campos come together in a heated exchange. The Mallorca captain is shown a yellow card for his role in the altercation.  ,2

GOAL! The visitors double their lead! Following the free-kick from the right, Mallorca once again fail to clear their lines and Joao Felix’s ambitious left-footed effort on the turn from the centre of the box takes a huge deflection before looping into the bottom left corner. 2-0.,1

The hosts make their first change of the match as Junior makes way for Trajkovski. There are less than 30 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

Atletico make their first substitution of the game as Correa comes on to replace Vitolo. It remains 1-0.  ,0

Felipe is the latest player to go into the book after cynically bringing down Budimir from behind on the halfway line. He can have no complaints with that one.,2

GOAL! Atletico take the lead! Mallorca only clear Koke’s initial corner back to the Spaniard, and the midfielder is able to send the ball back into the area. Costa rises higher than everybody else on the penalty spot and powers a header into the bottom right corner. 1-0.  ,1

Savic is the latest player to receive a yellow card after catching Budimir with an elbow during an aerial dual a few yards outside of the Atletico box. The hosts have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Mallorca pick up their second yellow card in just a few minutes as Budimir goes into the book for cynically bringing down Felipe in Atletico’s defensive third.,2

Baba picks up the first yellow card of the match after catching Saul with a late tackle down the right wing.,2

Kovac makes a final swap, bringing on Wagner for Lewandowski. There will be three added minutes of injury time.,0

RAFINHA MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! What a cheeky goal! The right-back coasts down the wing and lofts a chip from 25 yards out that catches Trapp off his line and sails in at the far post. Bayern add a little bit of gloss to this victory.,1

RIBERY BAGS A BRACE! 2-0! It's double trouble for Eintracht as Bayern take full control of this game with a second goal for their French winger. It's a scrappy effort as Ribery plays a one-two with Kimmich before scuffing his shot - but it takes a kind deflection off the left post to roll in behind Trapp and increase the visitors' lead.,1

Alaba now picks up a booking for a poor foul, with Eintracht awarded a free-kick inside their own half.,2

De Guzman gets a booking for a clumsy foul now, albeit somewhat belatedly after Bayern played advantage on their attack.,2

Ribery is down now however after a crunching tackle from Fernandes leaves him on the turf. It's a yellow card for the Eintracht man and a delayed stoppage so the Bayern winger can get treatment.,2

RIBERY GIVES BAYERN THE LEAD! 1-0! It comes from a defensive mishap at the back as Ndicka fails to head away a booming long cross, pushing it onto Muller instead. The winger squares it in to Lewandowski who draws out Trapp before putting a flat pass himself to Ribery in the centre of the box to simply roll home. The visitors have their noses in front!,1

Chermiti's first Premier League start is over. He is replaced by Keane, who will add some defensive solidity.,0

McNeil races down the left and looks to create another chance for Everton, but Mbeumo trips him and goes into the book. It’s been a forgettable performance from the Brentford winger so far.,2

Roerslev is an attacking full-back and is coming on for Ajer, who had a good first half but has been quiet since the restart.,0

Gueye scored the only goal so far and is given a warm reception on his way off the pitch, with Onana adding a fresh pair of legs into the midfield.,0

Reguilon has looked bright at left-back for Brentford but is now coming on for Schade, who will add extra quality to the attack.,0

Tarkowski tried to stop a Brentford attack by kicking another ball onto the pitch and is shown a yellow card. He isn’t happy, but it's a clear booking. That’s his 10th yellow card of the campaign.,2

Wissa had scored five goals in his last five away games but has not been able to make an impact in Brentford's attack. He is replaced by Lewis-Potter.,0

Janelt had 37 touches but is now coming off for Damsgaard, who will add creativity to Brentford's midfield.,0

GOALLLL! GUEYE SCORES! 1-0 EVERTON! The hosts score with their first shot on target! Brentford clear away a corner from the left, but the Toffees retain possession. Harrison collects it inside the box and attempts to cut it back across to Branthwaite, whose shot is blocked. The ball then bounces out to Gueye, who thunders his effort into the top-left corner. There is a VAR check for two offside calls, but the goal stands!,1

Reguilon makes a wild slide tackle and catches Garner on the knee. The Brentford left-back goes straight into the book.,2

KULUSEVSKI!!! 1-1! Juventus have been knocking at the door and they are level! Receiving the ball from Morata on the right, the substitute cuts inside before sending a low shot into the far corner. The hosts have their goal and it had been coming.,1

Empereur is booked for bringing down Dybala right on the edge of the box. The Argentine is stood over the free-kick.,2

FAVILLI!!! 1-0 VERONA! The visitors take the lead and it is the substitute who has put them in front. Following a devastating attack by Verona, Favilli is picked out in the area, before sweeping the ball into the corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! JOAO FELIX SCORES A CONSOLATION!!!! 4-1!!! Joao Felix gets a consolation goal for the visitors with a fine run and finish. He bursts past two United defenders and has space to fire low and hard into the bottom-left corner, beating De Gea for power and accuracy.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RASHFORD CAPITALISES ON FOFANA'S MISTAKE!!!! 4-0 UNITED!!!!! Rashford scores at the second time of asking from close range with a tap-in to notch his 30th goal in all competitions this season and rub further salt into Chelsea's wounds. Fofana plays a loose pass out from the back that Fernandes pounces on and finds Rashford with his first touch. The forward evades Fofana's attempted covering challenge and shoots at goal. Kepa makes a good save, but the ball falls kindly for Rashford to turn into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FERNANDES CONVERTS FROM 12 YARDS!!! 3-0 UNITED! The Red Devils have surely booked their place in the Champions League for next season as Fernandes slots his effort past Kepa. The Portuguese waits for Kepa to commit before sending his right-footed strike into the bottom-right corner.,1

Fred enters the action to replace Eriksen in the United midfield. The Dane put in a perfect cross for Casemiro's opener.,0

Havertz makes way for the Blues after another frustrating day in front of goal. Joao Felix replaces the German.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MARTIAL MAKES IT TWO!!!! 2-0 UNITED!!! United punish Chelsea for their missed chances as Martial converts Sancho's cutback at the back post. Casemiro releases Sancho into the inside-right channel with a sublime flick over the top. The forward does pick the right pass on this occasion with a low ball to the back post that Martial meets first-time to steer past Kepa. United are in control now.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CASEMIRO HEADS UNITED IN FRONT!!!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead as Casemiro nods Eriksen's free-kick past Kepa. Eriksen swings a perfect cross into the middle for Casemiro to attack. The Brazilian rises unchallenged and guides his attempt into the back of the net. There was a lengthy VAR check after the fact, but Casemiro was well onside.,1

Time is running out for Wolves to manufacture an equaliser. Nuno throws on Bonatini in place of Jonny.,0

Some extra insurance in midfield for Brighton with Bissouma replacing March, one of the side's better performers today.,0

GOAL! 1-0 TO BRIGHTON! He's barely had a sniff all day and yet that man Murray breaks the deadlock, tapping home after Bruno bravely stormed onto a loose ball in the box. It's the centre-forward's 100th goal for the club!,1

GOOOAL! A stunning effort from Neto makes it 2-0 to Wolves! Doherty collects the ball near the right-hand byline before clipping an inviting cross towards the back post and Neto then steadies himself before powering a ferocious strike into the top right-hand corner.,1

GOOOAL! Jimenez makes it 1-0 to Wolves! Traore makes a strong impact from the bench as he edges past both Fornals and Cresswell before clipping a wonderful cross towards Jimenez who makes no mistake by nodding home at the back post.,1

Wolves are making a double change with the first substitution seeing Neto introduced in place of Jota.,0

Montiel goes in late on Yarmolenko and is booked by the referee. More importantly it gives the Hammers another chance to take seconds off the clock from a free-kick.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! YARMOLENKO SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!!! WEST HAM LEAD THE TIE 2-1!!!!!!!! The Ukraine international is on the spot for his team to convert on the rebound after Fornals' strike was saved. Fornals probes down the left flank and cuts inside to shoot on his right foot. Bounou makes a fine stop to push his effort away, but Yarmolenko is first to the rebound and slots a left-footed effort into the net.,1

Carmona replaces the injured Gudelj for the visitors at the back as the defender was forced off after suffering a knock.,0

Munir, who scored Sevilla's goal in the first leg, makes his way on to the pitch to replace Corona in the final third.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SOUCEK LEVELS THE TIE!!!!!!! 1-0 WEST HAM ON THE NIGHT, 1-1 ON AGGREGATE!!!!!! Soucek produces a towering header at the back post from Antonio's cross to find the top-left corner. West Ham break and Benrahma feeds Antonio in the box. The chance looks to have past, but the forward digs out a fine left-footed delivery for Soucek. The midfielder rises above Augustinsson to plant his header into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TORRES SCORES FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!! 2-0 CITY!!!! The home side double their advantage as Torres slots a simple strike past Darlow. Silva robs Almiron of possession down the right flank and sends a low ball across the face of goal. Fernandez scuffs his clearance straight to Torres, who takes a touch and finds the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GUNDOGAN PUTS CITY AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The home side get the breakthrough as Gundogan slots home from close range. Cancelo releases Sterling down the right inside channel and the England man does well to draw the Newcastle defence with a drag back. With time, he picks out Gundogan, who sidefoots his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1

Guendouzi is shown a yellow card for that foul on Zaha despite the Palace players' protests that he'd stopped a clear goal-scoring opportunity.,2

Hodgson makes his first change ahead of the game, choosing to bring on Benteke for a corner with Ayew making way.,0

Second change from Emery now and it's Tierney that's making way with Kolasnic coming on to replace him.,0

Emery makes the first change of the game and it's Xhaka that makes way for Saka. The fans are cheering the manager's decision and the captain is not happy with that reaction.,0

PALACE ARE LEVEL! Arsenal have looked shaky in defence in the second half and they're caught out again. It's a good cross into Ayew, who gets behind David Luiz and heads his effort past Leno and into the back of the net. 2-2!,1

MILIVOJEVIC SCORES! He calmly steps up to the spot and fires his shot into the right side of the net to beat Leno and halve Arsenal's lead. 2-1!,1

THEY HAVE ANOTHER ONE! It's another corner into the box for Arsenal and Palace just can't cope with it. David Luiz is unmarked at the far post and he gets there just ahead of Sokratis to score. 2-0 Arsenal!,1

ARSENAL LEAD! It's poor defending by Palace as they just don't clear their lines from a corner and Xhaka works it to Sokratis. He takes a touch before firing his shot past Van Aanholt on the line and into the back of the net. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

After doubling their lead, Simeone calls on his bench. With six minutes left of normal time, Carrasco, who scored the second goal, is replaced by Kondogbia.  ,0

GOOOOOAAAAALL! Atletico double their lead! Dembele gets away down the right flank, and Doumbia and Siovas make a mess of clearing the ball on the edge of the box. Llorente pounces to steal possession, before squaring it for Carrasco to tap into the back of the net from only a few yards out. VAR checks for offside against the Belgian, but the goal stands. 2-0. ,1

With 14 minutes of normal time left to play, Simeone makes his first alteration. Dembele comes onto the field in place of Herrera. ,0

The away side work the ball forward quickly, and, in seeking to make an interception, Gimenez catches Escriche’s ankle and picks up a yellow card. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

GOOOOAAAAALL! Atletico take the lead! Koke’s long, searching pass down the right picks out Trippier, and the full-back plays it inside for Llorente. The Spaniard looks for a give-and-go with Correa, but the forward spins onto his left foot and fires into the bottom-right corner from the centre of the box after a deflection off Pulido. 1-0. ,1

Following the challenge, Castillejo is taken off and replaced by Borini. Castillejo doesn't look too hurt, it must be said.,0

Calhanoglu is the latest player to go into the book for wasting time after the signal came up for him to be replaced.,2

Silva goes into the book for Milan. He was challenged by Torregrossa but made the most of a soft challenge, diving to the floor and dragging his opponent down with him.,2

Cistana is the next to go into the book and he gives Milan a free-kick on the left by the touchline, inside the Brescia half. Silva was progressing down the byline and skips past his man before Cistana trips him.,2

Dessena is the first player to receive a yellow card. The ball was coming down from the air and Tonali was running onto it, but Dessena caught his opponent's ankle when the ball hit the floor.,2

GOAL! Milan take the lead through Calhanoglu! It comes from another move down that right-hand side, and this time Suso lofts a ball to the back post. Calhanoglu is completely unmarked and rises to power a header downwards past Joronen. 1-0!,1

GOOOAAALLLLL!!!! Maldini swings a free-kick into the box, and in the ensuing chaos, Kessie thumps a low, hard shot beyond everyone's reach and into the back of the net! 4-0, and it's game, set and match for Milan!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! Milan make it three!!! Diaz again strides forward untouched before finding Hernandez on the run outside him. the left-back's cross is met by no-one and flies right across the face of goal until Giroud taps it in at the far post! Right on half-time, Milan go 3-0 up, and might be out of sight already!,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Milan double their lead!! Diaz feeds Leao in the box, who weaves out of a challenge before squaring the ball back to Giroud. The Frenchman makes no mistake, smashing the ball home and leaving Reina with no chance as Milan go 2-0 up!!!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! It's Milan who open the scoring!!! Romagnoli pierces the defensive line with an absolute peach of a pass for Leao, who steams through on goal and slides a shot right under Reina to make it 1-0!!! What a pass, and what a well-taken goal for the home side!,1

Lazio look to break from a Milan free-kick, but Tonali pulls Zaccagni back and to the floor, a foul warranting a yellow card for the midfielder.,2

Kessie sends Hernandez chasing the ball down the left. He just taps it ahead before being clattered by a sliding Luiz Felipe, who rightly receives the first yellow card of the game.,2

After the storm is calmed by the referee, the players separate and Dia is shown a yellow card for sparking the incident with his act of time-wasting.,2

Ibrahimovic accidentally kicks the ball into Tomori's arm, and the England defender's reaction to being penalised results in the referee showing him a yellow card for dissent!,2

Coulibaly loses out to Tonali in midfield and clips the Milan substitute as he's passed, going into the book late on for the foul.,2

Bennacer has kept things ticking over in Milan's midfield all game long, but the Algerian is withdrawn late for Sandro Tonali.,0

Hernandez charges through the middle on the counter for Milan, but is dragged back by his shirt in the centre circle, and the perpetrator Sambia is shown a yellow card almost as soon as he's come onto the pitch.,2

Bohinen comes off after an excellent performance in the centre of midfield, and Domen Crnigoj is on to see out the last few minutes for Salernitana.,0

Saelemaekers has arguably been Milan's most creative player up and down the right wing, but he's replaced for the final passage of the game by Alessandro Florenzi,0

Stefano Pioli reacts to that by changing all of Milan's front three, as Divock Origi replaces Brahim Diaz.,0

Leao also comes off having become ineffective off the left, and Charles de Ketelaere replaces the forward out wide.,0

One veteran goalscorer replaces another, as the recently-booked Giroud is withdrawn for Zlatan Ibrahimovic.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! A well-worked equaliser from the visitors!!! Salernitana come forward at speed as they work the ball to the left, and Bradaric's low cross is slotted in at the near post by Dia's first-time shot! Dia was denied by Maignan in the first half, but the Milan goalkeeper had absolutely no chance on this occasion, and it's 1-1 with everything to play for at San Siro!,1

Mazzocchi looks to race away from Giroud but is dragged back by the Milan forward, whose resultant booking means he'll be suspended for the Rossoneri's next league match against Udinese.,2

Kastanos comes off in Salernitana's first change, and on-loan Hertha Berlin striker Krzysztof Piatek enters the fray, who scored 16 goals in 41 Milan appearances between 2018 and 2020.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!! Milan strike late in the first half!! Winning a corner, Bennacer's delivery into the centre is flicked goalwards by Giroud, and the ball nestles in the bottom corner with Ochoa unmoved! 1-0 to the hosts, and that lead will be a relief for Stefano Pioli entering the half-time break.,1

RED CARD! Quina is shown a second yellow card for a needless challenge in the middle of the pitch on Morata. Elche are down to nine men.,3

GOALLL!! 2-0 ATLETICO!! MORATA!! Morata doubles Atletico’s lead with a deflected finish! He does well to get past Bigas and Clerc before shooting. His shot takes a wicked deflection, looping the ball over Badia in goal!,1

GOALLL!! 1-0 ATLETICO!! JOAO FELIX!!! Atletico finally break the deadlock as Joao Felix heads the ball home from point-blank range! Griezmann’s initial pass to his team-mate is cut out but his second attempt is perfect for Joao Felix to finish.,1

RED CARD! Hermoso receives a second yellow card after a poor sliding challenge on Palacios! It is now 10 against 10.,3

RED CARD! Verdu is shown a red card after he brings Morata down to stop a clear goal-scoring opportunity just outside the box!,3

IT'S FIVE! Gnabry has his second of the game as Goretzka lifts a lovely cross into the far post again and he's left with a free header where he nods it in to put Bayern 5-1 ahead!,1

GNABRY SCORES! It's too easy for Bayern to get in behind as Hernandez plays a dangerous cross into the six-yard box. Lewandowski is sliding in at the near post, but can't get enough on it and it goes through to Gnabry who sends it past Timo Horn. 4-1 Bayern!,1

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! It's an instant impact by Muller as he picks out Lewandowski on the edge of the box. The forward turns and hits the shot as soon as it drops at his feet, picking out the bottom corner. 3-1 Bayern!,1

COLOGNE ARE BACK IN IT! It's poor from Bayern as all the defenders leave it for each other to clear and Skhiri takes advantage of the confusion. He steps past Davies before lifting his shot over Neuer and picking out the far top corner. 2-1!,1

There's a double change for Cologne at the break. Dennis is being taken off, with Thielmann coming on for him.,0

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! It's another sloppy pass by Cologne, this time it's Skhiri that gives it away in midfield and Lewandowski pounces on it. He plays a one-two with Goretzka to open up some space and slots his shot past Horn to make it 2-0 Bayern!,1

Alaba gave the ball away with a sloppy pass and then pulled back Duda to stop him reaching it so is shown the first booking of the game.,2

BAYERN LEAD! Choupo-Moting peels away from Wolf at the far post as he makes the run to get on the end of Goretzka's cross and nods it past Horn, who can't get across his line quickly across. 1-0 Bayern!,1

There's a double change for Leicester here. Vardy is the first to make way, with Iheanacho coming on to face his former side.,0

WHAT A GOAL! De Bruyne steps up to take the free-kick that Grealish won, and it's a wonderful hit. He curls it high over the wall and Ward is at full stretch, but can get nowhere near the strike as it bounces off the inside of the post at the top-left corner and into the back of the net. 1-0 Manchester City!,1

RED CARD! Pellegrini is adjudged to have gone too strongly into an aerial challenge and the youngster is shown a second yellow card and dismissed less than 12 minutes after entering the field as a substitute! He will now miss the first leg of Roma's knockout game. A completely unnecessary challenge to make. ,3

Pellegrini dives in rashly and picks up a needless yellow card. The frustration has set in for Roma. ,2

A decision goes against Kluivert and he throws the ball down in frustration, earning the young winger a yellow card.,2

Santon is replaced by Florenzi at right-back in the hope that the versatile Italian can contribute more going forward and help get his side back on level terms. ,0

GOAL!!! Plzen go back in front!! Hrosovsky picks out Kovarik on the left and he controls on his chest before firing straight at Mirante. However, it's only parried out as far as Chory, who dives to head the loose ball in and make it 2-1 to the hosts! ,1

GOAL!!! Roma level the scores at 1-1! Santon picks up the ball down the right after a mistake allows Nzonzi's pass through, and he feeds Under who places a low shot across goal from just inside the box right into the bottom-left corner first-time! ,1

GOAL!! Kovarik opens the scoring for Plzen! Kopic does the hard work, advancing down the right and working a yard before fizzing a wonderful low ball across goal to the left-winger, who tucks the ball home first-time! ,1

Pastore is withdrawn for Zaniolo after a disappointing night. That miss aside, the Argentine hardly touched the ball. ,0

Under shifts the ball quickly and ghosts past his man, only to be hauled down by Limbersky, who earns himself a yellow card. ,2

BERNADESCHI DOUBLES THE ADVANTAGE! Ronaldo wins the ball in his own penalty area and brings it to the opposite end of the pitch before laying it off for Pjanic. The central midfielder looks up and finds Bernardeschi in space who takes his chance with a curling effort that beats Sportiello!,1

Allegri chooses to hold what they have as Blaise Matuidi replaces Mario Mandzukic in a defensive substitution.  ,0

Emil Hallfredsson is taken off for Francesco Cassata as the manager looks to pull his side level again. ,0

CRISTIANO RONALDO BREAKS CANARINI HEARTS! With less than 10 minutes left Juventus have finally scored, though rather fortunately after Pjanic’s shot is blocked by a defender and the ricochet falls right to the Portugal captain who slots it past Sportiello calmly! There is some argument that Ronaldo was in an offside position, but the linesman’s flag stays down, and the referee chooses not to use VAR. 1-0 Juventus! ,1

Juan Cuadrado is removed with just over 20 minutes left in the match, with natural right-back Joao Cancelo on to take his spot.,0

Federico Bernardeschi is thrown on by Allegri who is looking to break down the Frosinone defence with the introduction of another attacking player. Rodrigo Bentancur is chosen to make way.,0

Maiello was very involved in the first half from his position in central midfield, but he is forced off with an injury. Lorenzo Crisetig is on to replace him. ,0

Stipe Perica was on the end of an earlier challenge which drew a yellow card, and now he gets one for himself after putting his boot high in the air and making contact with Chiellini.    ,2

Guardiola's first change of the game is a defensive one as he brings on Stones to replace the scorer of the second goal, David Silva. ,0

AND IT'S TWO! It looked too easy for City to get in behind and David Silva was unmarked as he ran past Tomkins to get on the end of Sterling's pass and volley his shot between Hennessey's legs and into the back of the net. 2-0 City!,1

CITY ARE AHEAD! It's a great cross from Bernardo Silva and Jesus makes a diving header to get on the end of it. He reaches it ahead of Ward and his effort bounces off the far post before crossing the goal line. 1-0 City! ,1

Schar also sees yellow deep into stoppage time, after he becomes embroiled in a heated exchange with Nketiah.,2

In need of inspiration, Howe now opts for a double substitution. First, Willock makes way for Saint-Maximin.,0

ARSENAL LEAD! The Gunners' captain delivers again! In the aftermath of a free-kick, Arsenal apply some pressure and have Newcastle pinned back in their box. Jorginho then picks out Odegaard, 20 yards from goal, and he drills a piercing low strike into the bottom-right corner!! It's 1-0 to Arsenal; totally against the run of play!,1

That change is now made as Aurier trudges off the field. Skipp slots in alongside Dier in midfield, with Sissoko filling in at right-back.,0

GOAL! Sissoko makes it five! The midfielder surges upfield on the left and plays a one-two with Kane as he gets into the box before poking a shot past Pope! It's 5-0 to Spurs now!,1

Dier is late as he goes to challenge Rodriguez and he plants his studs on the striker's foot, earning himself a yellow card.,2

GOAL!! Kane makes it 4-0 to Tottenham! He drives into the box after taking the ball off Alli and cuts inside Tarkowski before blasting a shot high into the net at the near post! Burnley are all over the place at the back.,1

GOAL!! WHAT A GOAL FROM SON! The South Korean picks the ball up just outside his own box and sprints through the middle of the pitch all the way to the Burnley penalty spot before curling past an onrushing Pope! It's an outstanding individual goal for Son, but Burnley had to do far better defensively there. It's 3-0 to Tottenham!,1

Lowton clatters into Son as Spurs counter and leaves the South Korean in a heap on the turf. The right-back picks up the first yellow card of the day.,2

GOAL!! Lucas doubles Tottenham's lead!! It's a howler from Burnley at the back as Son beats both centre-backs before forcing a save from Pope. However, the ball deflects off Alli and sits up at the back post for Lucas to charge in and poke into an empty net! That was appalling defensively from the visitors. It's 2-0 to Spurs!,1

GOAL!! Kane opens the scoring for Spurs inside five minutes! Son lays it off for the striker and he's allowed to advance unchallenged into the final third as the Clarets' back line drops off, before unleashing a fierce strike from distance that beats Pope! It's 1-0 to Tottenham!,1

Hwang comes off to be replaced by Neves for the final few minutes. Lage is trying to eke this win out by any means possible.,0

Having briefly returned to the field, Semedo is withdrawn by Wolves and Hoever is on to shore up the visitors' back line.,0

Hasenhuttl rolls the dice, as Walker-Peters is hauled off and veteran striker Long comes on for the final 15 minutes.,0

Podence takes the maximum amount of time available to slink off to the sideline, with the distinctly more rapid Traore brought on to replace him and run a tired home defence ragged.,0

Redmond is withdrawn by Southampton, with Djenepo sent on with a brief to make or score the equaliser.,0

Ralph Hasenhuttl reacts immediately to falling behind, as the ineffective Adams is brought off for Broja.,0

VIVA RAUL! Dancing through the static Southampton defence, Jimenez slots into the bottom of the net from near the penalty spot, having created the opening goal almost single-handedly by controlling a long ball up from his goalkeeper. The Wolves striker is back in business, to the delight of the away fans! Southampton 0-1 Wolves!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! RUGANI SCORES THE WINNER!!! With just seconds left at the Allianz Stadium, Frosinone fail to clear a corner, with Vlahovic nodding towards the back post for Rugani. It's a tight angle, but the defender somehow manages to squeeze the ball into the net for what should be a vital goal at both ends of Serie A! 3-2 to Juventus!,1

Di Francesco makes his first changes, with Cheddira making way for Jorge having scored in the first half.,0

Cerofoini goes in the book for time-wasting as the goalkeeper looks to help his team towards a shock result.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! VLAHOVIC SCORES AGAIN!!! Having spurned a great opportunity just moments before with a heavy touch, Vlahovic receives the ball from McKennie in the box. This time, the control is much better, and that allows the striker to look up before firing into the bottom left corner, making it 2-2!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! FROSINONE HAVE THE LEAD!!! Harroui plays a delightful ball into the path of Brescianini, and he shows great strength to hold off his marker before firing a left-footed finish past Szczesny and into the back of the net! 2-1 to the visitors!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! FROSINONE ARE LEVEL!!! It all comes from excellent work by Zortea, who jinks his way to the byline down the right before firing a cross in. Cheddira is there to meet it, and the forward sends a bullet header crashing into the back of the net, giving Szczesny no chance and making it 1-1!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! JUVE LEAD WITHIN THREE MINUTES!!! Vlahovic is the scorer, getting on the end of McKennie's low cross and turning home into the far corner to hand the hosts the advantage just moments after kick-off! 1-0 to Allegri's men!,1

Griezmann's game is over. He looks a shadow of the striker he used to be in a Barca shirt. Trincao comes on for Barca.,0

Gimenez follows Savic into the book soon after for protesting. Unsure what for, as it's an obvious foul, 25 metres from goal. Messi is standing over the free-kick.,2

Savic is the third Atletico man to find his name in the book for a crude challenge from behind on Messi. ,2

A clearly upset Pique limps from the pitch. Let's hope it's not as bad as it looks. Dest comes on for him.,0

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 BARCELONA! Atletico take the lead on the brink of half-time! Correa spots space behind Barca's defence for Carrasco to race into. ter Stegen rushes way out of his area, Carrasco nutmegs him and slots calmly into the net from outside the box.,1

A loose pass hands Barca possession. Carrasco is booked for clipping the heels of Roberto near the halfway line.,2

Koke receives the game's first yellow card after Atletico's free-kick comes to nothing and Barca counter. Koke comes across to bundle Dembele over.,2

Liverpool are making their final change here as well. Thiago goes off, with Morton coming on in his place to make his Premier League debut.,0

MINAMINO SCORES! He's only been on the pitch seconds, but he's made it 4-0! It's good play from Mane again to get in behind Arsenal, and he touches it out to Alexander-Arnold. He squares a lovely cross into the six-yard box and Minamino is waiting at the far post to tap it in.,1

SALAH SCORES! It's direct from Liverpool, starting with a long ball from Alisson which is knocked through to Mane. He makes a great run into the box which draws in the Arsenal defenders before squaring it to Salah, who is left with a simple tap-in under no pressure. 3-0 Liverpool! ,1

JOTA SCORES! Tavares is trying to get away from Oxlade-Chamberlain when he plays a loose pass to the edge of his own box and Jota pounces on it. He takes it around the goalkeeper before firing his shot into the back of the empty net. 2-0 Liverpool! ,1

Mane's got away with a couple of late challenges already, but when he sticks out a leg to catch White on the sidelines, he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

MANE SCORES! Alexander-Arnold whips a good free-kick into the box and it's over everyone at the near post. Mane peels off the back of Gabriel to get his head on it and thumps his effort past Ramsdale's outstretched hand and into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool! ,1

Monza make late changes as they look to protect their slender lead, the first seeing Marlon Santos come on for the booked Izzo.,0

Simone Inzaghi goes for broke with his side trailing late on, bringing on Edin Dzeko for Darmian to now have three out-and-out strikers on the pitch!,0

Monza keep the ball in the corner until Caprari is hammered from behind by Brozovic, who picks up a booking less than 10 minutes after coming on.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! A magnificent Monza opener!!! The visitors win a corner, and Ciurria's delivery into the centre is met by Caldirola, whose thumping downward header bounces up, past Onana, and into the top corner! 1-0 to Monza with just 12 minutes of normal time remaining, and at last the game comes alive - just not in the way Inter were expecting!,1

Asllani has also had a relatively quiet game, with Marcelo Brozovic's introduction likely to add some more bite to Inter's spine in the latter stages.,0

The booked Mkhitaryan also comes off, with Hakan Calhanoglu providing a like-for-like replacement in the Nerazzurri midfield.,0

Inter's first three changes of the half come all at once, with the first seeing Correa replaced up front by one Lautaro Martinez.,0

Mkhitaryan loses out to Pessina in midfield, who races away with the ball. The Armenian follows the Monza captain and clips his heels in full view of the referee, who doesn't hesitate to show the Inter playmaker a yellow card.,2

Pessina is caught short in midfield and Mkhitaryan finds Correa, but Caprari slides in wildly from behind and is shown a textbook yellow card!,2

De Vrij does trudge off with that unfortunate injury, and Francesco Acerbi takes his place in the heart of Inter's defence.,0

Lukaku's hold-up play causes more problems for Monza, as he turns and tees up Mkhitaryan. He steps beyond Izzo, but is taken out by the defender's sliding tackle, and wins a free-kick right on the edge of the box. Izzo is shown a yellow card for his troubles as Monza prepare to defend this set-piece which is well within shooting range for many a Nerazzurri player.,2

Sensi has gone down in midfield and can't continue, forcing Monza into an early change. One of their key men will come off, and Gianluca Caprari, who is Il Brianzoli's joint-top scorer in all competitions, will replace him.,0

Aiming to continue their fightback by introducing some fresh legs, Fulham send on two more substitutes: first, the tiring Jimenez makes way for Carlos Vinicius.,0

Having hauled back Tielemans, who has proved a tough opponent in midfield, Iwobi becomes the latest player to receive a yellow card.,2

FULHAM GET ONE BACK! Finally ending his 33-game Premier League goal drought, Jimenez prods the ball home from close range, after Robinson rolls the ball across Villa's six-yard box to tee him up! Fulham can still get something from this game, perhaps, as they reduce their deficit to two!,1

Soon after scoring Villa's third, Watkins clumsily clatters Bassey and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

For dissent in the aftermath of Aston Villa's third strike, Robinson adds a yellow card to his own goal - it's a day to forget for the Fulham full-back.,2

VILLA HAVE THREE! Surely that finishes it!? On the counter, Bailey drives through open space and then McGinn holds the ball up well; Villa's captain flicks a return pass through for Bailey, who sends the ball along the box for Watkins to convert from close range. That's the England striker's sixth Premier League goal of the season, and Villa extend their lead against the run of play: 3-0!,1

Perhaps troubled by Villa's loss of control, Unai Emery takes off Diaby and sends on Bailey to replace him.,0

Finally, the referee's patience expires, as Joao Palhinha is shown a yellow card for accumulated fouls. He brings down McGinn in midfield, and a booking means he'll miss Fulham's first match after the international break.,2

Fulham make one change for the second half, as they seek a route back into this game: De Cordova-Reid makes way for Wilson on the right wing.,0

MCGINN MAKES IT TWO! Villa's captain doubles their lead just before the break! The Scottish star picks up possession from Robinson's headed clearance, and when space opens up he takes a couple of strides before finding the bottom-right corner with an unerring finish! That puts the home side in total control: 2-0!,1

Baker-Boaitey cleans out Guimaraes now and is duly booked. We're into the final moments of this match.,2

Almiron is now booked for simulation. There did appear to be actual contact with that challenge, but VAR does not intervene for a second look.,2

No clean touch inside the box from the set-piece helps Newcastle’s course and Brighton survive the threat. Hall is booked for a foul in the subsequent counter.,2

Welbeck gets a yellow card for what appears to be dissent after disagreeing with a call from referee England.,2

Enciso goes into the book now for what referee England deems to be simulation. It’s a fairly silly yellow card to get.,2

GOAL! NEWCASTLE 1-1 BRIGHTON! The Magpies level just before the half-time whistle! Gordon works in from the left, and drags the defence out of shape before playing on Anderson. He cuts back to Longstaff near the penalty spot, and he blasts a finish past Verbruggen!,1

Gilmour is the first man into the book after he cuts off a Liverpool counter with a shirt tug on Murphy.,2

Brighton are forced into an early change with goalscorer Veltman suffering from apparent cramp. Lamptey takes his place.,0

GOAL! NEWCASTLE 0-1 BRIGHTON! The visitors snatch the opener, as the Magpies fail to deal with the corner. Welbeck heads down to the six-yard area, where it takes a touch off a stray leg and Veltman nudges home past Dubravka at close quarters. The Seagulls lead!,1

Otamendi gets a late yellow for an unnecessary slide on Muriel. He got nowhere near the ball - and yellows do tot up in this competition.,2

Foden is sent off, second yellow! The first one looked harsh but this one was a bit silly as he pulls De Roon back. Suspect we'll be hearing about this from Guardiola after the game. Foden, to his credit, makes no complaint and hurries straight off the pitch.,3

GOAL! Hat-trick for Sterling, it's 5-1! Aguero gets in behind from Foden's pass and draws a good save from Gollini after a beautiful bit of control, but the ball comes back out to Mahrez on the right. He puts it into a similar area where Sterling assisted Aguero for his first, and Sterling makes no mistake with the finish.,1

GOAL! Sterling gets his second, 4-1 Man City! Sterling gets in behind after a nice bit of combination play between Mendy, Gundogan and Foden, and he never looks like not scoring. He drifts inside a defender and plants it inside the near post as Gollini looks to cover the other side.,1

GOAL! 3-1 City, lovely goal! City win possession in midfield, De Bruyne carries it forward down the right and lays it square for Foden. He can't quite work the angle for the shot but feeds it onto Sterling, who smashes it in under the crossbar. Sterling's tenth of the season.,1

Stones - who is sporting an absolute shiner of a black eye - is coming on for Rodri, who's been forced off with what looks like a hamstring injury. City defenders continue to drop like flies.,0

GOAL! City lead, Aguero at the double! He goes hard to the bottom left as Malinovskiy did, and the result is the same. Gollini goes the right way but can't get near it.,1

GOAL! City are level! Sterling cuts infield from the left, clips a ball in between the line of defence and the goalkeeper, and Aguero latches onto it to sidefoot it between Gollini's legs.,1

GOAL! Atalanta lead, Malinovskiy powers the penalty into the bottom-left corner, Ederson going the other way.,1

Mendy gets an early yellow card for lunging in on Ilicic after losing control of the ball in the centre circle, just inside the City half.,2

Niasse is given some rare Premier League minutes as he replaces Kean, who has only been on the field for 20 minutes.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-1 EVERTON!! Substitute Greenwood drags United back on level terms! James cuts inside and lays it off to Greenwood, who shows just why he is rated so highly by Solskjaer as he picks out the bottom corner from 18 yards.,1

Lindelof barges into the back of Calvert-Lewin and becomes the first United player to be shown a yellow card.,2

Lingard, who took James' shot clean in the face a few minutes ago, is replaced by Greenwood for the final 25 minutes.,0

McTominay tries to launch an attack through central midfield but is clattered by Davies, who is shown an early yellow card.,2

Aiming to get his side over the line and secure Juve's 15th Coppa Italia trophy, Allegri makes two more changes: first, Milik replaces Vlahovic up front.,0

A cynical foul that halts Vlahovic, who is set to mount a quick counter-attack, earns Djimsiti a merited booking.,2

Juventus introduce fresh legs up front, as Yildiz completes his return from injury and replaces Chiesa.,0

There's another change in Atalanta's defence now, as De Roon is injured and makes way for club captain Toloi.,0

Allegri responds by making his first substitution of the final: Nicolussi Caviglia is replaced by Miretti in central midfield.,0

Atalanta make a triple change, just before the hour-mark: first, Zappacosta is replaced by Hateboer on the right flank.,0

Gasperini decides to make a change for the second half: set to offer more presence up front, Toure comes on for De Ketelaere. Can the Malian end his injury-hit first season in Italy on a high by helping La Dea lift the trophy?,0

Picking up the final's first yellow card, Hien hacks down Chiesa in midfield. He'll have to tread carefully from now on.,2

JUVENTUS STRIKE FIRST! An early goal at the Olimpico! Chasing onto Cambiaso's pass, Vlahovic stands strong to hold off Hien in the area and then coolly strokes the ball past Carnesecchi. He finds the centre of the net, and Juve lead 1-0 in the Coppa Italia final! What a start for the Bianconeri!,1

Koscielny completes 72 minutes on his comeback before he gets withdrawn for Monreal. A good sign for the Gunners.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LACAZETTE PUTS ARSENAL AHEAD!! 1-0!!!! The Gunners have the lead as Ozil and Lacazette combine in the box. Ozil slides an offload into the right inside channel where the Frenchman takes a good first touch. Lacazette uses a neat piece of skill to get half-a-yard on Huseynov before burying his effort past Vagner with a solid strike.,1

Into the first of three added minutes here, and Zappacosta gives away a free-kick for dragging back Jota. He goes into the referee's book.,2

Both sides are making changes now, starting with Atalanta. It's another switch to the attacking line by Gasperini as Lookman comes on for Miranchuk.,0

And Liverpool's final roll of the dice sees Danns brought on for Robertson, which means Gakpo will finish the game at left-back.,0

Koopmeiners is nowhere near getting the ball as he slides in late on Mac Allister. That's a needless booking to pick up.,2

Gasperini is making a double change now. Scamacca, who hasn't been able to have the same impact as in the first leg, is replaced by De Ketelaere.,0

There's a straight swap at right-back for Liverpool. Alexander-Arnold, who made his first start since early February today, is replaced by Gomez.,0

With time starting to run out, Klopp is making a triple change to get the other two goals that they need. Diaz is the first to go off, with Jota, who scored a hat-trick in Liverpool's 5-0 win here in 2020, replacing him.,0

Salah sends it forward to Diaz, and Hien leans forward, moving his arm towards the ball to block it. He's booked for handball, and it's a yellow card that means he'll miss the first leg of the semi-final if they get there.,2

SALAH SCORES! That's exactly the start that Liverpool will have wanted! It's as cool as you like by Salah as he strides up to the spot, drilling it low into the bottom-right corner. Musso dives the wrong way and Liverpool have a lifeline in this tie. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

GOOOAL! Kean makes it 1-0 to Juventus! Chiellini launches a long ball forward from his own half which Mandzukic then flicks into the path of Kean and the substitute half-volleys it into the bottom left-hand corner from just inside the box.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Six of the best for Inter, as Martinez adds another right at the death! Zanotti's cross from the right almost drops kindly for the Argentine, but leaves Montipo scrambling all the same. Faraoni can't get it clear though, and looks to have just given up as Martinez steals possession back and stabs the ball goalwards, leaving Montipo flailing as the ball trickles into the far corner! A scrappy goal for Inter that's highly reflective of Verona's performance here - they've not been anywhere near good enough and are now 6-0 down.,1

Ceccherini is struggling following that clash with Zanotti, and the Verona left-back comes off to be replaced by Colombian Juan Cabal in the same position.,0

Brozovic comes off having set up two goals and been a constant menace in midfield, with Kristjan Asllani on to see out the latter stages for Inter.,0

For all his hard work up front, and carving out of a few good chances for the hosts, Gaich's own goal proved to be the starting gun for Inter's ruthlessness in this game. The Argentine comes off now though, with Milan Djuric taking his place for the final 20 minutes.,0

Further Nerazzurri changes see the withdrawal of Dumfries, and youngster Mattia Zanotti replaces the Dutchman for the visitors.,0

Mkhitaryan also comes off for the leaders, with Roberto Gagliardini slotting into his central midfield position.,0

Hien is withdrawn in another Verona change, with Diego Coppola introduced in place of the central defender.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Dzeko has two, Inter have FIVE!!! The Nerazzurri break at speed and it's Acerbi charging through the middle from centre-back. He finds Dzeko in the box, who steps inside Doig's challenge before stroking a low shot through the crowd, beyond Montipo, and into the far corner! 5-0 up, and the way Inter are playing, they could significantly add to that before this game is done.,1

Inter make their first changes of the match having made the scoreline all-but unassailable, as D'Ambrosio is replaced by Raoul Bellanova.,0

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! Martinez gets in on the act!! A wayward pass out of defence from the hosts is seized on by Brozovic, and he plays the ball across to an unmarked Martinez on the edge of the box. Out comes Montipo looking to close the gap, but the Argentine beats him nonchalantly with a sumptuous chipped finish into the back of the net. 4-0 to the Nerazzurri, and that'll certainly seal the points as far as this game is concerned.,1

Following his early chance which Handanovic saved, Verdi had been effectively marked out of the game by Inter's defence, and is replaced at half-time by Ondrej Duda.,0

Lazovic will also play no part in the second half, as the Serbian winger is replaced by young Scotsman Josh Doig.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Straight from the restart! Tameze loses out in midfield with his back to goal and the ball breaks for Martinez. He slips Dzeko through and the Bosnian obliges, slotting home the simplest of finishes past an onrushing Montipo. The floodgates are well and truly open here, with Inter 3-0 up in the blink of an eye!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Inter double their lead with a thunderous long-range finish! Not much seems on as Brozovic passes to Calhanoglu, but in space 30 yards from goal, the Turk tries his luck and sends the ball sailing right into the top corner and giving Montipo no chance! 2-0 to Inter, and they've simply had too much quality for Verona so far, exemplified to the nth degree by that wonderful strike from range.,1

RUBEN LOFTUS-CHEEK! 2-0 TO CHELSEA! That puts the game to bed for sure at Stamford Bridge as the England man, on off the bench, is given a beauty of a square ball from Hazard on the right of the box and simply lifts it over Rico at the near post. The Blues haven't been at their best but look set to be back to winning ways in the Premier League.,1

Azpilicueta is brandished a yellow card now for a reckless challenge on Cairney. Still no goals in this second half.,2

Odoi brings down Pedro in the aftermath of the chance for Chambers and he is shown a yellow card as a result.,2

PEDRO FOR CHELSEA! 1-0! It’s the first attack of the game from the Blues and they make Fulham pay dearly! Kante pinches the ball from under Seri’s feet on halfway and breaks towards goal, playing Pedro in on the right. The forward simply steps back around the last man and buries a strike past Rico into the bottom-left corner.,1

Kessie handles the ball and gives away a free-kick. The referee compounds the mistake by booking the Ivorian.,2

Rebic slides in hard on Caceres down the left flank and is booked. The ball was over the touchline anyway as he made contact - that was an unnecessary one.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL KESSIE CONVERTS!!! 2-0 MILAN!!!! Cool as you like from Kessie as he guides his effort down the middle. The Ivorian holds his nerve and sidefoots a simple right-footed strike into the net, beating Dragowski, who dives to his left. Milan have complete control here.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ROMAGNOLI HEADS HOME!!!! 1-0 MILAN!!! The home side take the lead as Romagnoli coasts in unmarked at the back post to dispatch a header past Dragowski. Calhanoglu sends a cross into the box from the right flank that is flicked on by Kessie. Romagnoli attacks the flick and powers his effort low into the back of the net from six yards.,1

Zalewski's booked for bringing Salzburg's counter-attack to a halt. The Austrians will make changes now.,2

GOAL! ROMA 2-0 SALZBURG (2-1)! Dybala hands Roma control of this tie! Spinazzola has time to fire a great delivery into the box again. This time it lands cleanly for Dybala who arrows it first time into the bottom left corner!,1

GOAL! ROMA 1-0 SALZBURG (1-1)! It's been coming! Spinazzola leaves his marker in the dust and centres the ball from the byline. It deflects kindly off Solet into Belotti, who powers a low header into the net!,1

Pellegrini protests the decision and is also shown a yellow card for dissent. This game's gotten off to a feisty start.,2

Salzburg loft the ball forward and succeed in winning another free-kick higher up the pitch when Ibanez tugs down Adamu. The Roma defender gets booked.,2

Arsenal's final roll of the dice as they search for a winner is a double swap. Smith Rowe makes his return from a knee injury in place of Havertz.,0

And surprisingly, Bakayoko, who has arguably been PSV's brightest player, is also making way, with Babadi replacing him.,0

PSV are making their first changes of the game now. It's Saibari going off, with Dest on in his place.,0

It's actually going to be a triple change for Arsenal. Elneny is taken straight off the pitch, with Odegaard coming on in his place and getting the captain's armband off Jorginho.,0

VERTESSEN EQUALISES! Saibari slides it forward for Pepi, and Saliba commits himself to the block, leaving the forward in space. He debated going for goal but tees up Vertessen to his left instead. He hits the shot first time, keeping it low as it fizzes past Ramsdale and rebounds in off the inside of the far post. 1-1!,1

NKETIAH SCORES! Arsenal have the breakthrough! It's worked down the right, with Soares staying tight to the touchline as he makes the pitch wide. He touches it into Nelson, who pulls it back to Nketiah in the middle. He has Ramalho in front of him, but the first touch is good as it gives him enough space to drill it into the bottom corner. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

Lewandowski is away down the middle, so Casemiro drags him back and throws him down to earn a booking.,2

Garnacho dribbles past Kessie and Kounde, so Busquets takes one for the team by dragging him down, and it earns him a yellow card.,2

Garnacho is late as he gets across to Kounde, and he clips the defender's heels. He's shown a yellow card.,2

ANTONY SCORES! Shaw keeps the ball in play with a great backheel, and Fernandes brushes Raphinha aside to keep the attack alive. Garnacho sees a shot blocked, as does Fred on the follow-up before it rolls out to Antony. He's unmarked on the right of the box and, on the volley, curls his effort around Ter Stegen and into the far bottom corner. 2-1 United!,1

There's a double change for United as they look to capitalise on their momentum. Wan-Bissaka is first to go off, with Dalot replacing him.,0

Kessie also goes into the referee's book for dissent after getting involved in the argument between the sides.,2

Fernandes is explaining that he didn't hear the whistle when he played the pass against De Jong, but it won't stop him from being shown the first booking of the game.,2

FRED EQUALISES! What a start to the second half for United! Shaw's throw-in is only half-cleared by Barcelona, and United win it back high upfield. Sancho knocks it through to Fernandes, and he helps it onto Fred on the edge of the box. It's not the neatest of finishes as it rolls off his shin, but Ter Stegen can't keep it out of the bottom corner. 1-1!,1

LEWNADOWSKI SCORES... JUST! He curves his run up and then stutters just in front of the ball to try and catch De Gea out. He fires it to the keeper's left, and De Gea gets a strong hand to it, but it bounces off the inside of the post before hitting the back of the net. 1-0 Barca!,1

Fernandes, almost acting as a second right-back alongside Dalot, makes a wonderful recovery tackle on Digne. That stoppage in play allows Ten Hag to bring off Hojlund, the scorer of the first goal, for Evans.,0

Mainoo has acted with expert brilliance belying his young age, despite playing on thin ice from his first-half yellow card. The United youngster comes off for Amrabat, who returns for the Red Devils after his Africa Cup of Nations with Morocco.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! UNITED HIT THE FRONT ONCE MORE! The away end explodes into chaotic celebrations as the Red Devils make it 2-1 with just over four minutes remaining. Having failed to beat Moreno moments before, Dalot makes amends with a delightful right-wing cross. McTominay has the run on Cash at the back post and powers a thumping header through the hands of Martinez. The Villa goalkeeper has no time to react and United’s Champions League dream is back alive!,1

Seemingly taking the defensive option, Ten Hag brings off winger Rashford for McTominay. That change may see Fernandes shifted out to the flanks.,0

Having caused Lindelof a fair few problems, Bailey's game comes to an end as Tielemans takes his place for Villa.,0

In the build-up to Garnacho’s chance, Diaby takes the heels of Fernandes. Referee Jones remembers that, and cautions the Villa winger for his cynical trip near the left-hand touchline.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! VILLA EQUALISE! Finally, the hosts have their much-needed breakthrough as Luiz levels to make it 1-1. United survive the first scare from a corner as Onana denies Lenglet from point-blank range. The visitors scramble a clearance out to Diaby, who crashes a second volleyed delivery back into the six-yard box. Luiz is there, readying and waiting to tap into the roof of the net with a right-footed reactionary finish!,1

Kamara is unable to continue and Emery reacts by sending on winger Diaby for the midfielder. His introduction may see Ramsey move further back, or McGinn could go and slot alongside Luiz in the base of Villa's midfield.,0

Perhaps struggling with the slippery surface, Cash scrambles and steams through Rashford with a lunging tackle from behind. The Villa right-back is cautioned by referee Jones, with Cash now facing a nervy final half-hour against the United winger.,2

Ten Hag is forced into a half-time change, sending on Lindelof for Shaw, who seems to have suffered a first-half injury. Bailey may fancy his chances against the makeshift United left-back.,0

Lenglet is also cautioned at the same time as Mainoo, seemingly for dissent towards the referee following the United midfielder's tactical foul on McGinn.,2

Dalot overlaps Garnacho and wins a right-sided corner from Moreno's recovering challenge. From the same place as Hojlund's opener came from, Fernandes opts to go short this time. Mainoo eventually crosses but fails to beat the first man before committing a cynical foul on McGinn, earning the second yellow card of this game.,2

It is an easy decision for referee Jones, who cautions Casemiro for catching the heels of Cash. The Villa right-back was bursting down the right-hand side and the United midfielder is perhaps fortunate to escape further punishment for his eccentric reaction.,2

GOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 UNITED! Villa do not heed the warning signs from the visitors’ set-pieces and the hosts pay the penalty! Fernandes swings another right-sided corner towards the far post, where Maguire towers above Kamara to redirect back into a dangerous area. Hojlund just stays onside and finishes past Martinez with a simple left-footed volley!,1

The final substitution of the contest sees Giroud replaced by another Chelsea academy product in Broja.,0

Richarlison attempts to race clear of Zouma but is dragged back by his opponent, who is rightly booked.,2

Lampard turns to his bench for the second time today. Willian, who has a goal and an assist to his name, makes way for teenage midfielder Anjorin.,0

Mount has put in a good shift today and is given a breather for the remaining half an hour. James is brought on in his place.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! CHELSEA 4-0 EVERTON!!! Giroud adds his name to the scoresheet! The France international sticks out a leg four yards from goal to divert Willian's cross past a rooted Pickford.,1

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! CHELSEA 3-0 EVERTON!!!! Willian whistles in a third for Chelsea early in the second half. Twenty yards from goal, no Everton player closes the Brazil international down and he fizzes one into the bottom-left corner.,1

Walcott replaces Bernard, who picked up an injury late in the first half, in the only half-time substitution.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! CHELSEA 2-0 EVERTON!!! Pedro doubles Chelsea's lead with another well-worked goal. Barkley slots the ball through the middle and Pedro reacts quicker than Sidibe and Keane to race through on goal. When one-on-one with Pickford he calmly picks his spot.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! CHELSEA 1-0 EVERTON!!! A smart finish from Mount gives Chelsea a deserved early lead. Pedro cuts inside from the left and feeds the ball into the feet of Mount, who swivels just inside the box and picks out the one bit of the net Pickford is unable to reach. There were 20 passes in the build-up to the goal.,1

GOAAALLLL - CLUB BRUGGE 0-5 RB LEIPZIG - Nkunku scores his second of the night as Leipzig sign off in style. Mignolet did what he could to deny Owusu at the back post, but the ball deflected off his arm towards Nkunku. The Leipzig forward hit his effort on the run, and he found the bottom corner to make it five! ,1

Moriba was also booked for his part in the argument, and hopefully, the referee has control of matters now.,2

Balanta, who has just returned from suspension, finds himself in the book after a stupid challenge on the touchline.,2

Marsch has been able to rest his defenders with his team in total control, and Gvardiol is the latest to make way, with Owusu on in his place.,0

As one of Leipzig's holding midfielders, we have barely had to mention Laimer. He is now replaced by Moriba.,0

GOAAALLLL - CLUB BRUGGE 0-4 RB LEIPZIG - FORSBERG TAKE A BOW. The Leipzig midfielder now has two for the night, and that's the pick of the goals so far. He was allowed to cut inside from the left wing, and once he made his way towards the box, the home side were in trouble. He managed to outfox Mignolet in goal before firing into the near post, and the former Liverpool stopper had no chance.,1

GOAAALLLL - CLUB BRUGGE 0-3 RB LEIPZIG - Incredible! The German outfit are toying with their opponents, and if there is a better header scored tonight in the Champions League, then I want to see it! Angelino's cross picked out Silva, who steered the ball back across goal and into the far corner. Mingolet had absolutely no chance, and this game looks all over.,1

GOAAALLLL - CLUB BRUGGE 0-2 RB LEIPZIG - Forsberg keeps his cool to slot the ball into the far corner, and Mignolet had no chance of reaching that precise spot-kick. What a start from the German outfit!,1

GOAAALLL!!!! CLUB BRUGGE 0-1 RB LEIPZIG - The visitors open the scoring through Nkunku, and it is no less than they deserve. Mignolet had initially been able to save Silva's low strike, but in trying to clear, he palmed the ball into Nkunku's path, who had the entire goal to aim at.,1

Arsenal are trying to wind down the clock. For the final few minutes, Tomiyasu will take the place of Zinchenko.,0

Rodgers is rolling the dice for the fifth and final time. Looking to add energy at right-back, Pereira replaces Castagne.,0

Arsenal are making a change to shore up the midfield. Partey comes on for Odegaard who has had a quiet game.,0

Leicester are making another substitution. It comes in the midfield, with Soumare coming on for Ndidi.,0

Leicester are adding another striker to the mix to try and force an equaliser. Praet is replaced by Daka.,0

Trossard is getting a warm reception from the away fans on his way off the pitch. He is being replaced by Nketiah who will lead the Arsenal attack.,0

The second switch sees Tielemans come on for Tete, allowing Dewsbury-Hall to push further up the pitch.,0

Leicester are making two changes to try and turn the game in their favour. Unable to make an impact on the game, Iheanacho is replaced by Vardy in the attack.,0

GOALLLL! MARTINELLI SCORES! 1-0 ARSENAL! What a start to the half from the away side. Dribbling down the left flank, Trossard pokes the ball through the legs of Souttar. In front of Castagne, Martinelli bursts into the box to get onto the end of the pass before curling the ball into the bottom corner. He is down after scoring, hurting his foot.,1

The first yellow card of the game goes to Martinelli. He trips over Tete who was breaking down the right.,2

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-1 LIVERPOOL! Salah scores to give Liverpool hope! United fail to deal with Alexander-Arnold's latest corner, and De Gea saves Carvalho's rasping drive. The ball pops up for Salah who beats the United keeper with a low header at his near post.,1

Fernandes gets booked for a blatant dive in response to a challenge from Robertson in the box. It's a shame, as the United midfielder had done some great work to take the Scot on.,2

United make their first substitution of the game. Their first-half goalscorer Sancho goes off. Fred replaces him.,0

Liverpool feel compelled to make the game's first substitution. Fabinho replaces Henderson at the base of their midfield.,0

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 LIVERPOOL! Rashford doubles United's lead through a classic counter-attack! Henderson misplaces a pass and Martial sends the Englishman running through on goal. Rashford has time to pick his spot, and duly dispatches the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

United make a half-time substitution. Elanga picked up a knock in the first half, so Martial replaces him. The Frenchman will go up front, and Rashford will slot in on the left wing.,0

Dalot's crude challenge on Diaz earns him a booking. There'll be just one minute added on before half-time.,2

Diaz knocks the ball past Varane and gets cleaned out by the Frenchman. Varane's shown the yellow card.,2

Alexander-Arnold's booked for his trip on Elanga. Eriksen will take the free-kick from United's left.,2

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 LIVERPOOL! Sancho hands United the lead they deserve! Elanga plays a one-two with Eriksen to fire a low cross from the left. Sancho gets on the end of it in the centre of the box and pulls off a dummy to slot past Alisson!,1

Frabotta is on for de Ligt who looks to be suffering with cramp. It was a poor night for the Dutch defender.,0

Ribery has been good this evening and can take a well-earned breather as he is replaced by Bonaventura.,0

Biraghi will also sit out the last 10 minutes with Venuti given an opportunity in the closing stages.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLLLL! IT'S 3-0! Bonucci is once again dispossessed far too easily. The visitors break with speed and Biraghi delivers another dynamite ball that is left by Castrovilli for Caceres behind him to slot into the open goal. Game over!,1

Prandelli is dipping into the subs again. Vlahovic, the goalscorer, is the next player to make way. Kouame will get a 15-minute runout.,0

Pirlo has made a change at the break with Morata making way for Bernardeschi. I'm not sure if the Spaniard was injured or if it was tactical.,0

Pirlo is forced into a change after Cuadrado's dismissal and it's Ramsey who has to make way for Danilo.,0

RED CARD! Cuadrado overruns the ball and in an attempt to recover the situation, lunges in and catches Castrovilli with his studs up. The referee initially gives a yellow, but after watching the replay, changes his decision to red. ,3

GOAL! FIORENTINA LEAD 1-0! That won't please Pirlo one bit. Ribery picked up the ball in the middle of the park and a simple pass through de Ligt and Bonucci put Vlahovic clean through. The Serbian kept his composure to chip the onrushing Szczesny and put the visitors ahead.,1

Fernandes is surprised to see his number raised to be subtituted. The Portuguese has been excellent today, but is now replaced by Weghorst.,0

Enciso is withdrawn for the Seagulls after a productive game. Veltman enters the action and will drop into right-back, which moves Gross into midfield and Mac Allister behind Welbeck.,0

Guess who's back! Eder Militao makes an early return from an anterior cruciate ligament injury, and replaces Vazquez in Madrid's defence for the final seconds of the match!,0

With Mallorca needing a goal, Canada striker Cyle Larin enters the fray late, replacing Rodriguez out wide to give Los Piratas three out-and-out striking options in the final stages of this contest!,0

Another change coming late for Los Blancos, as Modric is withdrawn for another veteran in the form of Dani Carvajal.,0

Lunin's the latest player to see yellow, having wasted all the time he could before taking a Real Madrid goal-kick!,2

The referee brings play back to show Muriqi a yellow card, likely for a prior foul or some back-chat that the official wasn't fond of!,2

Nemanja Radonjic is on in Mallorca's latest change, and will replace Maffeo out wide with little over 12 minutes left on the clock for Los Piratas to rescue a result.,0

That missed chance will be Diaz's last contribution, as he's replaced in the attack by Vinicius Junior for Los Blancos.,0

Sergi Darder also enters the fray for Mallorca, taking Costa's place in central midfield for the final half-hour or so.,0

Morlanes is also withdrawn in midfield, and it's a like-for-like switch as Omar Mascarell comes on in his place.,0

A trio of substitutions coming up for the hosts, the first of which sees Abdon Prats replace Sanchez in Los Piratas' attack.,0

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! A thunderous strike gives Los Blancos an immediate second-half lead!! There's not much happening for Tchouameni, who decides to go for goal from 30 yards out and lets fly with a powerful strike. Morlanes steps in to block, but it takes a wicked deflection off the midfielder and flies past Rajkovic into the top-right corner!! A bolt from the blue, but one that puts Madrid 1-0 up in Mallorca!,1

Bellingham drops deep to spark an attack from midfield but Raillo is all over him, dragging the Madrid midfielder back by his shirt and earning a yellow card for his troubles.,2

Hodge flies in on Williams and catches him very late, and Williams isn't at all happy with the Wolves substitute, who receives a late booking.,2

Toffolo's been run ragged by Traore all game, and of course conceded what may well be the match-deciding penalty, and he comes off for Sam Surridge for the final few moments of this game.,0

Adama Traore has been Wolves' main creative outlet all game long, and with just minutes left in it, comes off for Nelson Semedo.,0

Freuler comes off in Forest's latest change, and attacking reinforcements are introduced in the form of Taiwo Awoniyi.,0

Moutinho has run the midfield well alongside Neves for Wolves, but he's withdrawn now for Boubacar Traore to see out the game.,0

Podence drops deep to help out his defence, but ends up bundling Williams over to concede a yellow card-worthy free-kick!,2

Traore bursts past Toffolo around the outside and plays the ball forward for Costa. He's taken out from behind by McKenna, who picks up a rather lenient yellow card for the tackle!,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Neves runs up to smash the ball beyond Henderson's grasp, and into the bottom corner to put Wolves 1-0 up!!! Nearly four games without a goal for Wolves comes to an end, and their captain kept his cool when it mattered from the spot!,1

Following a Forest corner delayed by lots of pushing and shoving in the box, Gomes heads clear for Wolves and Ait Nouri comes forward on the counter. He's felled by Dennis's mistimed challenge on halfway, and the striker picks up the game's first yellow card.,2

RED CARD! Villarreal will finish the tie with 10 men as Capoue is given his marching orders. The midfielder, who grabbed two assists earlier in the game, is shown a second yellow card for bringing down Jones.,3

MANE!!! 3-2 LIVERPOOL ON THE DAY AND 5-2 ON AGGREGATE! Surely, they are going to Paris now. Rulli comes racing out of goal in an attempt to clear a hopeful ball forward. However, Mane beats him to it and gets away from Foyth, before rolling the ball into an empty net.,1

DIAZ!!! 2-2 ON THE NIGHT, 4-2 ON AGGREGATE! Liverpool have breathing space! All of a sudden, the Reds are back on track. Diaz ghosts into the area to meet Alexander-Arnold's inviting cross, before burying his header past a helpless Rulli.,1

FABINHO!!! 3-2 LIVERPOOL ON AGGREGATE! The Reds regain the advantage in the tie. Fabinho beats the offside trap to latch onto Salah's prodded throughball, before drilling a low shot through the legs of Rulli from a tight angle.,1

COQUELIN!!! 2-0 ON THE DAY AND WE'RE ALL SQUARE! The former Arsenal midfielder levels the tie. Capoue does brilliantly to turn away from Robertson before crossing for Coquelin, who rises unchallenged to head past Alisson.,1

DIA!!! 1-0 VILLARREAL! What a start by the hosts! Capoue evades Robertson at the far post to cushion Estupinan's deep cross back into the danger zone, where Dia reacts quickest to steer into an empty net.,1

Paciencia is shown a yellow card for preventing Martinez from taking the goal-kick after his shot went wide.,2

Frustration is boiling over and it's Guendouzi next to be shown a yellow card for a robust challenge on Gacinovic.,2

Xhaka now goes into the book, but not for the foul on Paciencia, which was debatable to begin with. He's shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

Mustafi took a hit during Kamada's second goal and he won't be able to continue, with Torreira replacing him. It sees Xhaka drop into the back four.,0

Mustafi is the next to go into the book with a challenge from behind on Paciencia. He's suspended for the final group game.,2

GOAAAL! GOAAAL! FRANKFURT LEAD 2-1!! It's Kamada with a brace! The warning signs were apparent, but Arsenal didn't react to the changing flow of the game. All from a poorly defended corner - the ball drops to Kamada in space at the edge of the box and he tucks a low shot into the bottom-left corner.,1

Arsenal losing their lead has forced Emery to turn to the bench and he takes off Martinelli - who had a great first half, but was perhaps guilty of being wasteful - for Ozil. What can he orchestrate?,0

GOOOAAAL! FRANKFURT EQUALISE! Will Arsenal come to rue their missed chances? Kamada punishes the Gunners for their profligacy and drags Frankfurt level with a wonderful left-footed strike into the bottom-left corner. It's his first European goal!,1

A change for Frankfurt before the second half kicks off - Gacinovic is coming on, with Silva coming off after failing to have an impact up top.,0

GOAAAL! ARSENAL LEAD 1-0! Great play again from Martinelli to create a yard of space for himself on the right and he fizzes a low cross into the six-yard box, left by Saka and Aubameyang is there to drill it home. It takes a touch off Ronnow's foot and he very nearly manages to knock it over the bar, but it's over the line and Aubameyang now into double figures for the season.,1

A second yellow card of the game, this time going to Martinelli - he's lunged into Kostic, but does make contact with the ball!,2

Luiz picked up an injury earlier in the half and he's unable to continue, clutching his chest ever since. Guendouzi comes on to replace him in midfield.,0

The first booking of the game goes to Kostic - he tries to win the ball off Chambers and ends up clambering all over him and pulling him back to do so. Worthy of a yellow card, says the referee.,2

Wolves make another change, taking off Doherty for Traore, looking to inject some more pace and energy into their performance for the final few minutes.,0

Jota turns Stephens in the middle of the pitch and the Brighton midfielder goes into Pawson's book for a late tackle.,2

That's Propper's game done today as he leaves the pitch holding his hamstring. Kayal is his replacement in a like-for-like switch.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! WHO ELSE BUT ZAHA?! It's a counterattack situation, and Edouard attracts the defender and lays it off to Zaha. The winger, who had a chance saved moments earlier, picks his shot, and fires one home. Crystal Palace 2-1 Wolves.,1

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLL! CRYSTAL PALACE WITH AN INSTANT RESPONSE! Eze is completely open and receives the ball from the other end of the box. He heads it downwards, and it bounces once before going in past Sa, with the Wolves defenders ball-watching. Crystal Palace 1-1 Wolves.,1

Ward also receives a yellow after slamming into Podence when going up for a ball. The Wolves player is down and receiving treatment from medical staff now.,2

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! That is certainly against the run of play! Adama Traore heads in the ball from a cross by Bueno. The home crowd are silenced and Adama Traore's name is being chanted loud and clear from the away end. Crystal Palace 0-1 Wolves.,1

The scorer of the away side’s second goal, Braithwaite, is brought off for De la Fuente. There are ten minutes of normal time left to play. ,0

Trincao catches Laidouni’s ankles with a late challenge deep inside the homes side’s half and picks up a yellow card.  ,2

Rebrov opts to make his first alteration of the match, as Heister makes way for Lovrencsics. It remains 3-0. ,0

Trincao loses possession to Somalia, and Griezmann opts to cynically bring the midfielder down as he looked to drive at the away side’s defence. The Frenchman is booked for that foul. ,2

Prior to the start of the second half, Koeman turns to his bench. The first change sees De Jong come on for the booked Busquets.   ,0

Busquets also goes into the book following a high foul on Somalia in the centre of the park. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

GOAL! Dembele converts! The Frenchman sends Dibusz the wrong way as he fires the penalty into the bottom-left corner. 3-0. ,1

GOAL! The visitors quickly double their lead! Dembele skips beyond Botka with ease before lashing a left-footed cross into a dangerous area. Frimpong misses the delivery, and Braithwaite arrives to steer the ball into the bottom-right corner from a few yards out. 2-0.,1

GOAL! Barca take the lead! Dembele slides the ball down the left-hand side of the field for the overlapping Alba. The Spaniard sets himself before delivering a low cross in towards the near post, which Griezmann cleverly flicks beyond Dibusz and into the middle of the goal. 1-0. ,1

Lukaku runs at Lokonga and the midfielder brings down the Belgian. The referee brandishes the yellow card in the direction of Lokonga, who now has to be careful.,2

Tierney picks up a knock for the home side and has to be replaced. Tavares comes on at left-back to replace the Scot.,0

Saka is withdrawn for Aubameyang for the home side. The winger played well, but has just returned to training after his run in the Euros with England.,0

Holding slides in hard on Alonso to block a clearance and wipes out the Spaniard. He goes into the book for the Gunners.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! JAMES HAMMERS HOME CHELSEA'S SECOND!!! 2-0!!! The Blues double their lead with another swift attacking move, which is brilliantly finished by James. Alonso works the ball to Lukaku before he is wiped out by Xhaka. The referee waves play on and Mount capitalises by picking out James in acres of space. He takes one touch before hammering an effort past Leno into the top-left corner.,1

Mari slides in hard from behind on Lukaku and goes into the book. The Spaniard has to be very careful now.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUKAKU HAS HIS DEBUT GOAL!!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!!! The Blues take the lead and Lukaku marks his second debut with a goal. He orchestrates the move by using his strength to fend off Mari before Kovacic feeds James on the right flank. The full-back delivers a precise low ball into the middle that the Belgian converts from six yards. A great start for the Blues and their new striker.,1

The booked Gloukh also comes off, with Amankwah Forson on in his place to stretch the Inter defence in wide positions.,0

Nene Dorgeles is also brought on by Salzburg and replaces Konate up front for the hosts, whose chances of reaching the last 16 are hanging in the balance.,0

Inter make another change after opening the scoring late on, with Augusto replaced at left-wing-back with the more defensively-minded Federico Dimarco.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Never. In. Doubt! Up steps Martinez, and drills the ball into the bottom-left corner!! Schlager dives the opposite way, as Inter score the first goal of the game with just five minutes left to go, and take the 1-0 lead which could seal their place in the last 16 of the Champions League!,1

Simic's hold-up and linking of play with his team-mates has been important but so far ineffective for Salzburg, who bring on Petar Ratkov for the final 10 or so in the hope of grabbing a late winner.,0

Frattesi is caught late by Gloukh, who leaves a foot in as he releases the ball, and the Salzburg midfielder is booked by the referee with 15 minutes left on the clock.,2

Mkhitaryan also comes off for the visitors, and he'll be replaced by the supremely talented Nicolo Barella in midfield.,0

The well-drilled Salzburg defence has largely kept Sanchez at bay so far, but his fellow South American Lautaro Martinez is now on and could prove an entirely different proposition for the hosts.,0

Kristjan Asllani is on for the Nerazzurri, and will replace Calhanoglu in the middle for the last half-hour of the contest.,0

A fast break from Inter sees Sanchez and Frattesi combine on the edge of the box, but the latter is clipped late, and right on the edge of the box, by Pavlovic, who is very lucky that his yellow card-worthy tackle didn't cost Salzburg a penalty.,2

Darmian's cross from the right is cut out by Salzburg, but their attempted counter-attack is short-lived after Calhanoglu wipes Gloukh out with a cynical sliding challenge. He goes into the book, and the hosts are given a free-kick.,2

Having been booked in the first period, the otherwise impressive Bisseck won't feature in the second as Stefan de Vrij comes into the Inter backline.,0

Having shaken off his first-half injury, veteran Salzburg captain Ulmer is withdrawn at the break anyway, and Lucas Gourna-Douath will replace him for the hosts.,0

Bisseck slid in late on Ulmer as the Salzburg captain took that shot on, and is booked as a result by the referee.,2

Witsel gets himself in the way of Gueye who pulls the Belgian over. Dortmund free-kick. Verratti rushes into the referee's face and talks himself into the book.,2

Dortmund have to be careful as PSG still have a goal in them. Neymar's shot in the box is blocked. Meanwhile, Meunier earns himself a booking for a foul on Reyna. He'll be suspended for the second leg of this tie.,2

GOAL! 2-1 DORTMUND! Erland is a freak of nature. The Norwegian receives the ball from Reyna just outside the box and smashes it left-footed into the top left corner. Navas wasn't getting anywhere near it.,1

GOAL! 1-1 PSG! PSG score with their first big chance of the game. Mbappe skips over Zagadou's challenge in the box and squares it to Neymar who can't miss from a few yards out.,1

GOAL! 1-0 DORTMUND! Dortmund have a lead in this first leg! Hakimi finds Guerreiro in the box and his first-time shot is blocked. The ball pops up nicely for Haaland who stabs it home from close range! ,1

Dortmund make the first substitution of the game. Hazard is replaced by the American midfielder Reyna. The 17-year-old becomes the third-youngest player to appear in the knockout stages of the Champions League.,0

Witsel cleverly shields the ball from Neymar near the halfway line and Neymar trips him up. The Brazilian gets a yellow. Tuchel bellows a few choice words at Witsel, presumably for making a meal of it.,2

PSG create nothing from the free-kick, passing backwards. Gueye takes revenge on Witsel by bringing him down on the flank. Gueye's booked.,2

PSG clear the corner easily enough. Witsel is booked for chopping down Di Maria as they look to break.,2

Shaw cynically stops a Southampton break by tripping Mara and gets booked. That's a poor foul, but it may be one that gets 10-man United over the line.,2

Maguire is on for Martinez for United. Ten Hag looks to be more content with this scoreline than Selles is.,0

Onuachu replaces Walcott for Southampton. Walcott will be frustrated after missing two of the visitors' best chances.,0

Adam Armstrong enters the fray for Saints. Sulemana is off, having produced a lively display in attack.,0

United opt to make their first change now, rather than waiting for half-time. Weghorst is sacrificed, with McTominay on to shore up the midfield.,0

RED CARD! CASEMIRO IS OFF! Anthony Taylor watches the incident back, and the Brazilian can have absolutely no complaints as his yellow card is upgraded to a red. His challenge took him over the top of the ball, and while there was no ill intent, Alcaraz could have been hurt. Casemiro is distraught as he trudges from the field.,3

Now Casemiro gives the ball away, allowing Southampton to break. Alcaraz is clattered by Martinez, who becomes the first played to be booked.,2

It looks like Escriba doesn't want to risk keeping Gomez on, so he replaces the striker with Beltran. ,0

ASPAS SCORES FROM THE SPOT! His run-up to the spot was calm and he sent Cillessen the wrong way as he struck his penalty into the left side of the net. 2-0 Celta!,1

Barcelona are able to make their change after the goal. Todibo went straight down the tunnel when he left the field with the medical team and Murillo is now on in his place. ,0

GOMEZ PUTS CELTA AHEAD! The cross from Boudebouz was put into a great area of the box and Gomez got ahead of Vidal to reach it first. He took it first time, on the stretch and beat Cillessen to nestle his shot into the bottom corner. 1-0 Celta!,1

CAVALEIRO SEALS THE DEAL! 2-0! Wolves win three on the bounce for the first time in Premier League history as they embark on a blistering counter, with Costa releasing the substitute into open space, allowing him to go one-on-one with Begovic and roll the ball past him into the bottom-left corner.,1

Mousset replaces Stanislas for the visitors as the game enters the last 10 minutes of regulation time.,0

Jota races away on a swift move himself now, only for Lerma, as last man, to bring him down. It's a cynical foul and the referee hands him a yellow card for his troubles.,2

Cook makes a challenge so late that it's practically in 2019 on Jota out to the left of the Cherries box and gets the first yellow card of the game.,2

JIMENEZ FOR WOLVES! 1-0! What a terrible back pass by Daniels for Bournemouth. The winger whips it back to nobody, allowing Jota to latch onto it and weave into the left of the box. He slots a low pass across to the right, finding his fellow striker at the far post where he coolly slots it behind Begovic. A great start for the hosts.,1

Second change of the game for Leicester sees Albrighton go off to be replaced by Simpson who, like Okazaki, is playing his final game for Leicester today. ,0

Rodgers makes an attacking change with his first substitution of the game. Ndidi comes off and is replaced by Okazaki who receives a loud cheer from the crowd as he comes on for his final appearance for Leicester. ,0

Odegaard is taking his time leaving the field after his number goes up, and Lokonga comes on to replace him for the last few seconds.,0

Final changes for Palace now, as Eze is taken off and replaced by Ebiowei, who makes his Premier League debut.,0

Arsenal are making their first changes of the game now. Jesus is the first to go off, with Nketiah replacing him.,0

A stoppage in play allows the referee to go back and book Clyne for an earlier tackle on Martinelli when he clipped the Brazilian's heels.,2

Zaha is away from White this time, and the defender has a tug of his shirt. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

Palace are making the first change of the game, and it's Mateta that's coming on in place of Edouard.,0

Xhaka is surging through the middle and Andersen debates putting out an arm to stop him but decides against it. Xhaka goes to ground anyway, and he's booked for diving.,2

MARTINELLI SCORES! Saka's looping deep cross picks out Zinchenko, who is completely unmarked at the far post. He nods it back across goal, and it's too high for Partey, but Martinelli is waiting behind him to nod it under Guaita and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

Ronaldo goes down too easily in a challenge with Mancini and protests to the referee for a free-kick. He takes his appeal too far and is booked.,2

Mkhitaryan runs at the Juve defence, but he gets caught from behind by Arthur. The Brazilian goes into the book for his challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RONALDO PLACES A STRIKE PAST LOPEZ!!! 1-0 JUVENTUS!!!! Out of nowhere the home side take the lead. Alex Sandro works a pass to Morata, who feeds Ronaldo on the edge of the box. The forward has a strike to nothing on his left boot and he places his effort expertly into the bottom-right corner. Precision finishing from the Portuguese.,1

GOAL!!!! Bordeaux have done it - 2-2 now! Poundje sends a ball in from the left. Cornelius runs in front of Silva and leaps up to meet the cross at the near post, sending a fantastic header past the diving Areola and into the bottom-right corner of the goal. The keeper will be disappointed with that one, he got there, but couldn't push the ball round the post.,1

Di María is another PSG player who hobbles off the pitch and on comes Nkunku to replace him. That is Neymar and Di Maria who have both limped off for PSG tonight.,0

Karamoh can't continue after that late challenge from Verratti and he leaves the field. Cornelius is the man to replace him.,0

Bordeaux make a change of their own now with Plasil the man to come off so Kalu can join the strikers.,0

2-1 PSG!  Draxler picks up the ball in midfield and as the Bordeaux defence stand still Mbappe runs from the right wing in behind Pablo to collect the ball. He only has Costil to beat and powers a shot over the keeper’s right shoulder into the back of the net! Mbappe is limping though after that finish and looks like is struggling.,1

Neymar is hobbling here and it looks like he is struggling with an injury. He walks straight off and Choupo-Moting comes on to replace him.,0

GOAL!!! 1-1! Brilliant play down the right by Karamoh down the right for Bordeaux who is invited to run to the byline by the PSG defence. He cuts a ball back to toward Sankhare, he steps over the ball and Briand is waiting behind him to slot the ball to the left of Areola and into the back of the net.,1

GOAL! 1-0 to PSG. Neymar starts the move in midfield and the ball finds it’s way to Alves on the right of the box. His cross bobbles up across the area and Neymar is there to finish it off, slotting home a right-footed shot to the right of Costil.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! KEITA PUTS INTER AHEAD!!! 1-0!!!! The visitors have broken the deadlock with a scrappy goal from Keita. Politano worked the ball short from a corner and Vrsaljko whipped the ball into the box. Keita connected with a scuffed effort that span away from Provedel, striking the inside of the post before nestling into the back of the net. Not a classic, but it's over the line and it counts. That's all that matters for Spalletti's men.,1

Inter build down the left and Keita tries to pick out Martinez in the middle. The striker should meet the ball with a diving header, but he goes with his hands outstretched. The ball strikes his hands and the Argentine is booked for deliberate handball.,2

Spalletti turns to Nainggolan for inspiration after he was recalled to the squad for today's contest. The Belgian replaces Vecino.,0

WISSA SCORES! Canos' cross is brought down by Wissa, but it hits the back of Alexander-Arnold, who collided with Toney in an aerial challenge. Wissa keeps it alive though, dragging it away from the right-back before he chips it over Alisson and into the back of the net. 3-3! ,1

Robertson's intercepting touch ends up going straight to Baptiste, and he ends up pulling the substitute back to try and make up for his mistake. He's shown a yellow card.,2

That goal was Jones' last involvement in the game as his number is shown, and Firmino is on to replace him.,0

JONES SCORES! It looks like there's absolutely nothing on for the midfielder when it's touched out to him, but the space opens up for him. There's a lot of power on it and it takes a deflection off Ajer which just takes it away from Raya and into the back of the net. 3-2 Liverpool! ,1

JANELT EQUALISES! There's a bit of a scramble at the near post before Jansson smashes an effort off the crossbar from close range, but it comes back out to Janelt. He heads it back towards goal and Alexander-Arnold clears it, but it was clearly from behind the line. 2-2! ,1

SALAH SCORES! It's a great ball over the top from Fabinho to pick out Salah's run off the back of Henry, and he lets it drop over his shoulder before hitting the shot first time. It takes a deflection off Raya before nestling into the corner. The flag originally went up, but a quick VAR check shows he was onside. 2-1 Liverpool! ,1

Robertson takes matters into his own hands and makes an incredible run from deep in his own half towards Brentford's box. Onyeka takes one for the team by tripping him just outside the area and picks up a yellow card.,2

Pinnock has gone down again and this time, his game is over as he gingerly makes his way off the field and is replaced by Zanka.,0

JOTA EQUALISES! Van Dijk gets Liverpool upfield with his pass into Salah, but Henderson puts the cross in from the right. Ajer can't reach it and Jota is waiting behind him to guide his header in at the far post and make it 1-1! ,1

BRENTFORD LEAD! It's a brilliant cross from Canos on the right as he pulls it back across the six-yard box. Toney flicks it on and Jansson can't get the contact he needs, but it runs through to Pinnock at the far post. He gets there ahead of Matip to poke it into the back of the net. 1-0 Brentford!,1

Peltier is booked as he brings down Vinagre after the referee had given the advantage to Wolves for a foul just moments earlier.,2

Strangely, Wolves make a change right at the start of the half. Jota trudges off - presumably with an injury - with Doherty coming on and slotting in at right wing-back while Traore joins Jimenez up front. ,0

Bamba picks up his yellow card, but he has to be stretchered off with what looks like it could be a serious knee injury.,2

Ryan Bennett fells Reid and picks up his 10th booking of the season, meaning he will now face a two-match ban. ,2

GOAL!!! WOLVES ARE 2-0 UP!! It's a stunning counter-attack from Wolves as they break down the left. Jimenez plays a delightful outside-of-the-boot cross to Jota, whose control is a little heavy and he squares back to his strike partner unselfishly for the Mexican to sweep home at the near post! Another quality goal! ,1

GOAL!!! WHAT A GOAL!! Wolves are 1-0 up after being under the cosh early on and what a beautiful goal this is! They play some wonderful one-touch football featuring a lovely touch from Gibbs-White and Jimenez eventually plays a one-two with Jota, who slots home confidently! It's a great team goal! ,1

Milan make a double change. First off is Diaz who makes way for the more defensively-minded Bennacer.,0

RED CARD! Spurs are down to ten men as Romero receives a second yellow card. The ball is there to be contested between Hernandez and Romero but the Argentine centre-back recklessly flies into the challenge again and it's an obvious second yellow.,3

A second Spurs centre-back receives a yellow card and this time it is Lenglet after he catches Giroud with an elbow following an aerial challenge.,2

It's a rash, sliding challenge from Romero on Leao and the centre-back is the first person into the referee's book.,2

Edwards goes down in the box… but he's booked for diving! The Englishman hits the ground under pressure from Kostic, with the referee perfectly positioned. There was minimal contact, and the Sporting man is booked for simulation!,2

Sporting surround the referee as Gatti catches Diomande in the throat with a high boot inside the Sporting area. The Juve man is shown a yellow card, which appears to be the right decision – he only had eyes for the ball as he battled for a deep free-kick.,2

Juventus are making another change. Chiesa slowly makes his way off the field, with Kostic taking his place on the left.,0

Bremer is unable to continue. Gatti, who scored the only goal of the first leg, takes his place in defence.,0

Milik is finally able to enter the fray, replacing Vlahovic, who was one of several Juventus players risking a suspension ahead of this game.,0

Ugarte becomes the first player booked, having caught Chiesa with a high challenge. The midfielder was sent off as Sporting eliminated Arsenal in the last round, and he will be walking a disciplinary tightrope for the rest of this game.,2

GOAAAAAL! EDWARDS CONVERTS FOR 1-1! The Englishman rolls the spot-kick to the left, sending Szczesny the wrong way! It's 1-1 in Lisbon, and Juventus' aggregate lead is back to one goal!,1

GOAAAAAAL! JUVE STRIKE FIRST! RABIOT VOLLEYS HOME! The corner causes chaos as Bremer and Danilo both battle for the ball. Coates is left in a heap as it breaks for Rabiot, who swivels and fires under Adan to put the Bianconeri 1-0 up in Lisbon! Allegri's men have a two-goal aggregate lead now!,1

LASCELLES!!! 1-1! NEWCASTLE EQUALISE! Late drama at St James' Park as Lascelles powers home a header from Murphy's cross to rescue a point for the hosts in the dying seconds. Captain's example!,1

Traore is unable to continue following that nasty clash with the advertising board. He is replaced by Anwar El Ghazi.,0

LLORENTE DOUBLES NAPOLI'S LEAD! It's a poor back pass from Van Dijk which Llorente latches onto in the box and he hits his shot first time. Adrian tries to spread himself, but the shot goes over his leg and into the bottom left corner. 2-0 Napoli!,1

Llorente is the first Napoli player to be shown a yellow card after he catches Robertson with a late challenge. ,2

Final roll of the dice from Klopp now and it's Henderson that makes way as Shaqiri comes onto the pitch. ,0

MERTENS SCORES! It's a confident run up to the spot and he fires his penalty towards the bottom left corner. Adrian does get a hand to it, but the contact isn't enough to stop it from finding the back of the net. 1-0 Napoli!,1

Allan does now come off after receiving some treatment earlier and Elmas is the player on in his place. ,0

GORETZKA DOUBLES THE ADVANTAGE! It’s cruel on Augsburg who go two goals down immediately after their equaliser is chalked off, as a nifty exchange inside the penalty area between Goretzka and Gnabry opens up space for the former, whose deft touch beats Luthe at the far post!,1

The first change of the match is made by the visitors, who replace Max with Vargas in an attacking switch with just over 20 minutes left.,0

BAYERN MUNICH HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! Boateng plays a lovely ball over the top of the defence to the edge of the six-yard box for Muller, who manages to turn the ball home with a first-time volley using the inside of his left boot! 1-0!,1

Vieira looks to consolidate the midfield for the final few minutes. Olise, who has been their best attacker, comes off for Ahamada.,0

Doucoure slides Estupinan to the floor with the left-back breaking forward. As a result, he receives a yellow card.,2

De Zerbi is making another switch. Lamptey comes on for Webster with Brighton looking to overload the wings.,0

A third switch for Palace. Mateta, who had two shots blocked in the first 45 minutes, is coming off for Edouard.,0

Brighton have decided to make their first substitution of the game. It's a straight swap in the attack with Ferguson coming on for Undav.,0

Palace are forced into their first change with Hughes going off with an injury. Lokonga takes his place in the midfield.,0

Mac Allister is the first player in the book after a high challenge on Doucoure. His boot connected with the shin pad of the Palace man.,2

Having been on the field for only a few minutes, Radovanovic promptly gets booked, conceding a dangerous free-kick 30 or so yards out for a sloppy challenge. This is brilliant territory for Milan...,2

GOAL! PIERRE KALULU LEVELS FOR MILAN! 2-2! The Rossoneri have their equaliser! The defender pokes it in at close range after Romagnoli gets a low-placed header down to earth from the corner, pouncing to put it past Perin! It's all to play for now!,1

GOAL! MATTIA DESTRO BAGS A BRACE FOR GENOA! 2-1! The striker has put his side in front again! This time, he rises for an almost pedestrian cross from Ghiglione, and bounces a brazen header in at the left post! Milan look flabbergasted!,1

Kessie has picked up a booking for something as the game restarts. It's hard to actually say what for, but either way, he's been shown a yellow.,2

GOAL! DAVIDE CALABRIA LEVELS FOR MILAN! 1-1! What a strike from the right-back! He picks up a pass from Calhanoglu outside the box, plays it from his left to right foot and rifles a shot from distance, low and unnerving, past Perin into the far bottom corner. Normal service resumed for the visitors.,1

GOAL! MATTIA DESTRO HANDS GENOA THE LEAD! 1-0! What a moment that is for the hosts! They launch a blistering break and square the ball to Shomurodov, sandwiched in the visitors' box. His shot is parried but his partner is there to tap in the rebound. Milan trail moments after the break!,1

There's been a change for the hosts at the break as they look to keep themselves in this contest, with Lennart Czyborra drafted on in place of Pellegrini.,0

Romagnoli looks to have been in a bit of a tit-for-tat with Shomurodov so far and now it is Milan with a booking for a cynical foul. The defender is unhappy with the call; it might not be the last say on the matter.,2

The defensive work could be described as "robust" in a certain light, and it was only going to be a matter of time before a booking was shown. It's Pellegrini handed a yellow for a stocky challenge.,2

Two more changes for Juventus. The first sees Zakaria make way for McKennie after an impressive debut.,0

GOALL! ZAKARIA! 2-0. Juventus double their lead. The hosts fly forward on the counter as Morata drives through the heart of the pitch. The striker draws in a few defenders, allowing him to thread a pass through to Zakaria who fires a composed finish into the bottom corner from eight yards!,1

GOALLL! VLAHOVIC! 1-0. Juventus take an early lead, and it's a dream start to Vlahovic's debut. Ceccherini mistimes a headed clearance on the halfway line and it falls to Dybala. The attacker quickly threads a pass through to send Vlahovic one-on-one and the striker lifts it precisely over Montipo from 18-yards and it bounces once before nestling in the far corner!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DOUCOURE GETS ONE BACK!!! 2-1!! Watford get the goal they deserve as Doucoure finishes a sublime move in style. He plays a one-two with Success to surge into the box. He bustles through two challenges before clipping his effort past De Gea into the left-bottom corner. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! MARTIAL SCORES AT THE SECOND ATTEMPT!!! 2-0 UNITED!! The home side score against the run of play for the second time of the match. This time Martial finds the back of the net as the Frenchman starts and finishes the move. He spreads the ball out wide to Pereira, who feeds Lingard in the right inside channel. The England man places a low ball across the face of goal. Martial is initially denied by a fine stop by Foster, but he latches on to the rebound and scoops his effort into the right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RASHFORD PUTS UNITED AHEAD!! 1-0!!!! Shaw threads the needle to release the forward behind the Watford defence, and he made no mistake clipping his effort over Foster. It was great work from the United left-back to spot the run and play a precise ball forward. Rashford took a good first touch and held his composure to find the bottom corner. A classic goal on the counter.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SOLER HAS A HAT-TRICK!!! 4-1 VALENCIA!!!! The midfielder completes a hat-trick of penalties with a composed strike into the bottom-right corner. He fires the ball with power away from the dive of Courtois into the net. What a game for Soler.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SOLER SCORES HIS SECOND!!!! 3-1 VALENCIA!! The midfielder holds his composure from the spot to bury his right-footed strike beyond the reach of Courtois into the bottom-right corner. He goes to the opposite side than his first effort and is rewarded. Valencia have command of the game now.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! AFTER ALL THAT VALENCIA ARE LEVEL!!!! 1-1!!! On his second time from the spot Soler buries his effort beyond the reach of Courtois to find the bottom-left corner. He goes for the same side as his first effort, but on this occasion the midfielder puts enough power on his strike to beat the Belgian. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BENZEMA PUTS MADRID AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The Frenchman notches his fourth LaLiga goal of the season to put his team in front. Marcelo works a pass back to Benzema in space on the edge of the box. He is afforded space and time to rifle a powerful drive beyond the reach of Domenech into the top-right corner. A super strike.,1

DIENG SCORES! And this one will stand! PSG win a corner which is played short to Ruiz, who tries to switch it to the far side. It's cut out and Lorient break quickly on the counter, with Dieng leading it through the middle. He's one-on-one with Donnarumma, who saves it, but it bounces under him and Dieng follows in to head it over the line. 3-1 Lorient!,1

Pereira needed treatment following that tackle from Dieng, and he's now going off. It's an attacking change for PSG, as Zaire-Emery replaces him.,0

Dieng's frustration after that last miss is clear as he slides in to stop Pereira from breaking forward. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2

Verratti catches Abergel with a late challenge. He's protesting his innocence, but it won't stop the referee from showing him a yellow card.,2

And Kalulu is slowly helped back to his feet before going off with the medical team. Cathline replaces him.,0

Le Fee slid in on Mbappe, and when the referee didn't see an advantage playing out, he pulled it back. The winger is also booked.,2

Marquinhos gets in a tangle with Yongwa and a free-kick goes against him. There wasn't much in it, but his angry reaction towards the linesman means he's talked himself into a booking.,2

YONGWA SCORES! It's rolled out to Faivre down the right and he dribbles past Verratti and Bernat to take it to the byline before he drills it into the middle. It's just behind Kone, but it doesn't matter as Yongwa is following in and fires it into the empty net first time. 2-1 Lorient!,1

MBAPPE EQUALISES! In the most bizarre of circumstances! The referee was calling for the game to carry on as Mbappe went down, but the referee didn't blow his whistle. Mvogo ushers the Frenchman back up before rolling the ball out in front of him. When the keeper doesn't immediately send it upfield, Mbappe nicks it off him and fires into the net. Lorient are furious that it stands, but the whistle didn't go. 1-1!,1

HAKIMI IS SENT OFF! It gets worse for PSG! It's another late challenge from Hakimi as he lunged to try and nick the ball off Yongwa. He didn't get near the ball but did catch the wing-back on the ankle with his studs. The referee goes straight to his pocket for a second yellow card and he's off! PSG are down to 10 men!,3

LE FEE SCORES! It's great work from Kalulu to lose Bernat on the right before touching it through for Faivre in a better position. He fizzes his low cross into the middle of the box where Le Fee is waiting and he stretches to fire a first-time shot into the roof of the net. 1-0 Lorient!,1

Hakimi slides in with a very late tackle on Faivre, getting nowhere near the ball. He picks up an early yellow card.,2

Kane and Hasebe are in a tussle as they try and get the ball and they both go down. Kane seems to deliberately push him further into the ground as he is getting up, and the referee is right there to book him straight away. He is not certainly not happy about it either. 'For what?' he asks.,2

O'Mahony is booked for a foul and it is a Burnley free-kick in the middle of the pitch which Muric comes up to take. He hits it only to his opposite number.,2

GOOOOOALLLL! Burnley lead 1-0 and it is Brownhill. And just when it seemed like nothing was happening, Burnley are ahead. A lucky goal but they won't care. Baleba tries a backpass to Verburggen but messes it up. The keeper comes out but his clearance attempt hits a charging Brownhill and finds the back of the net. Huge moment in the relegation battle.,1

He is off as expected. A 10th injury problem for the Brighton squad as Estupinan is replaced by Igor.,0

A LATE WINNER FOR LAZIO! 1-0! It takes Lazio 93 minutes to find a goal but it’s almost certainly the winner, with Guendouzi curling a lovely cross to the far post for the run of Marusic. The wing-back beats Sekulov in the air with ease and fires his header into the back of the net, leaving Szczesny rooted to the spot!,1

Immobile is shown a late yellow card for bringing Iling-Junior down from behind in an attempt to win back the ball inside Juve's penalty area.,2

Lazio make their fifth and final substitution with six minutes to go, as Alberto is given a chance to impress in Zaccagni's spot.,0

Looking to add a bit more grit in his midfield, Tudor takes Kamada off for Guendouzi, who he worked with previously at Marseille.,0

It's two changes at one time for Lazio, who also send Vecino into the mix for Cataldi with the game still goalless.,0

Kean's search for a goal goes on as he's replaced by Sekulov with 10 minutes to go at Stadio Olimpico.,0

Weah lunges into a sliding challenge on the outside of Zaccagni, catching the winger’s ankle instead of the ball. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus substitute, with both replacement wing-backs now in the referee’s notebook.,2

Iling-Junior drags Isaksen back cynically to prevent a potential counter-attack and becomes the first player in the game to be shown a yellow card.,2

Yildiz is sent on for Chiesa with 22 minutes remaining as Juventus continue to search for the inspiration to open the scoring.,0

Castellanos is given 58 minutes before he's replaced at centre-forward, with Immobile sent into the fray and immediately given the armband.,0

Tudor makes his first substitution of the match three minutes before the hour, with the veteran Pedro given an early rest. Isaksen is introduced, with the result still hanging in the balance.,0

Allegri makes the decision to replace De Sciglio after 45 minutes, with the full-back still working up to full fitness following a long injury layoff. Iling-Junior is selected to take over, which could indicate a change of shape.,0

GOOAAAAL! DE BRUYNE HAS HIS GOAL! It's 7-0, and it's a brilliant strike! Mahrez puts Gvardiol on the back foot with a driving run inside before picking out De Bruyne outside the area. The Belgian shifts the ball to his right foot 25 yards from goal, before whipping a terrific shot into the top-right corner! That is absolutely top-class!,1

City lose the ball and Olmo launches a counter-attack, with Akanji diving in to bring him down 35 yards from goal. That challenge earns the defender a yellow card.,2

Leipzig make another change as Olmo replaces Szoboszlai, who like all the visitors' attacking players, has been quiet.,0

De Bruyne is felled on the right. The City man should have had a free-kick, and he reacts angrily. The referee books him for dissent – as he did Werner in the first half.,2

Gomez will get an outing in the City backline, taking Stones' place as Akanji shifts over to right-back.,0

City respond with their own treble change. Haaland's number is up, and he gets a standing ovation after an incredible display of finishing. The striker may not like it, but he gets a well-earned rest, with Alvarez coming on.,0

GOAAAAL! HAALAND GETS A FIFTH FOR 6-0! THIS IS REMARKABLE! Another right-wing corner is turned goalwards by Akanji, and the luckless Blaswich dives to his right to tip it away from goal. Just as he was four minutes ago, however, Haaland is on hand to power it home! Five for Haaland, six for City, and how many more could the striker add to his tally here?,1

City opt to ring the changes with a spot in the last eight certainly assured. Foden is on for Grealish.,0

GOAAAAL! HAALAND HAS FOUR, AND CITY HAVE FIVE! The hosts are running riot! De Bruyne's corner is headed back across goal by Dias, and Haaland draws a fine stop from Blaswich with a close-range header. Akanji fails to turn it home, but Haaland steadies himself to power a volley into the net! What a performance from the Norwegian.,1

GOAAAL! GUNDOGAN GETS THE FOURTH! It's vintage City as a flowing move starting with Ederson ends with a brilliant finish from Gundogan. Ederson pings a ball out to Bernardo Silva, with he and De Bruyne playing neat passes around the corner as the ball worked its way to Gundogan. The German checks onto his left foot on the edge of the box, and drills into the bottom-right corner! 4-0!,1

GOAAAAAL! HAALAND HAS HIS HAT-TRICK BEFORE HALF-TIME! 3-0! What a half Haaland has enjoyed here, and he has yet another treble! Dias meets De Bruyne's corner with a powerful header, which crashes against the right-hand post and rolls along the goal line, before Haaland bundles it over. Haaland goes over to credit Dias, but replays show the ball did not cross the line until the Norwegian touched it, it's a third for the striker!,1

GOAAAAAAAL! HAALAND HAS ANOTHER! 2-0! What a spell this is for City as Haaland nods in his second in under two minutes! City win the ball back from Blaswich's long kick and attack through De Bruyne, who unleashes a spectacular left-footed shot from range. It crashes against the crossbar, but Haaland is on hand to head into an empty net!,1

GOAAAL! HAALAND CONVERTS! 1-0! The Norwegian looked confident as he took a short run-up, and he dispatches the spot-kick expertly into the bottom-right corner. Blaswich went the right way but had no chance! Haaland has 35 goals in all competitions for the season!,1

Henrichs is booked for that handball, and Haaland has the chance to give City the lead from the penalty spot!,2

Fekir, whose superb goal looks to have secured his side’s progression to the knockout rounds, makes way for Dubois in Genesio’s last change.,0

Bolbat earns himself probably the quickest yellow card after coming on as a substitute in competition history after his follow-through tackle catches Tete’s ankle pretty late.,2

Fonseca’s final change sees Marlos make way for Bolbat, the Shakhtar head coach intent on using any and all of his attacking options.,0

Fonseca makes his second substitution an attacking one as he looks to chase the win, as Kayode is brought on for Kovalenko.,0

Depay earns himself an early rest as he makes way for Dembele for Genesio’s second change of the match.,0

The profligate Traore makes way for NDombele in Lyon’s first change of the match as Genesio looks to tighten things up in midfield, intent on keeping an increasingly desperate home side at bay.,0

Taison is clotheslined by Fekir as Shakhtar attempt to counter-attack, and the Lyon skipper will now miss his side’s next European match after becoming the second player booked.,2

GOOOAAALLL!! LYON EQUALISE!! Fekir curls a peach of a strike near the edge of the box in-front of a crowd of Shakhtar defenders after being found by Depay’s cut-back, and it’s 1-1 in Kiev! Advantage Lyon, and it is now the French side who join City in progressing from Group F!,1

Just the one change for Shakhtar at the break, as Butko comes in for Khotcholava who had suffered a slight knock early in the first half in an enforced defensive reshuffle by Fonseca with Matvyenko moving to the middle.,0

GOOOAAALLLL!! SHAKHTAR TAKE THE ALL-IMPORTANT LEAD! Lyon are unable to get the ball out of their own half after Denayer’s clearance before Taison and Marlos play keep-ball outside of their box, and it is the latter who plays it to Ismaily, the left-back threading in a pass towards Moraes for a clinical finish past Lopes! 1-0 to Shakhtar, and as things stand, it is they who go through with City!,1

Marcal brings Moraes down as the Shakhtar forward looked to latch onto a loose ball towards goal, earning himself the game’s first booking.,2

Reckless play from Rashford, who rightly receives a booking after he lunged in late and high on Montoya down the right.,2

It seems that Solskjaer has changed his mind. Lukaku will not be coming on just yet, and instead it is Mata who replaces Lingard.,0

BRIGHTON ARE BACK IN IT! Out of nothing, the visitors have pulled one back!  A cross from the left from Propper finds Gross, who takes a good first touch before prodding a finish in off the underside of the crossbar. Game on!,1

The first substitutions are about to come on, and it will be a double change for Brighton. The first switch sees Murray make way for Andone.,0

WHAT A GOAL! RASHFORD MAKES IT TWO! Extraordinary play from Rashford who, after taking in a Dalot pass, gets the better of his marker with some excellent skill before he curls a sublime finish into the far corner from an acute angle.,1

POGBA CONVERTS! No mistake from the Frenchman, who – at the culmination of his familiar stuttering run up – slams home a fantastic finish into the right-hand corner.,1

Toure makes way for Fortounis after a quiet evening by his lofty standards, but it seems like too little, too late at this point for Olympiacos.,0

Suso is replaced by Borini. He was Milan's best player for the majority of the game and he might feel unlucky not to have registered a goal or an assist tonight. ,0

GOAL!!! CUTRONE MAKES IT 3-1! Unbelievable! The substitutes link up this time to extend Milan's lead, with Calhanoglu fizzing a low ball across the face of goal for Cutrone to tap into an empty net! ,1

GOAL!!! IT'S 2-1 TO MILAN! Higuain receives the ball in the box from substitute Calhanoglu and cuts back across his marker, working a yard of space in the box before sliding a left-footed shot into the net to put his side into the lead! ,1

GOAL!! MILAN ARE LEVEL! It's 1-1, and it's the substitute Cutrone who gets his side back on terms! This is a goal to rival the first - Rodriguez produces an unbelievable delivery from the left, and Cutrone powers a header right into the top corner! Game on!,1

Calhanoglu's first contribution to the cause is to pick up the first yellow card of the night. A little overzealous, perhaps.,2

Set-piece specialist Calhanoglu also enters the fray for Bonaventura to try and provide more creativity in midfield.,0

Castillejo is replaced by Cutrone as Gattuso looks to provide Higuain with a strike partner as Milan chase the game.,0

GOAL!! GUERRERO SCORES! Unbelievably, it's 1-0 to Olympiacos! Against the run of play, Koutris whips in a cross from the left that Guerrero powers across Reina and into the bottom-right corner! ,1

GOOOAAALLL! Inter make it 2-2 in stoppage time! Perisic with a superb glancing header from the six-yard box after Kolarov delivers a terrific free-kick delivery deep into the penalty area. Sepe could only stand and watch as the ball flew past him and into the back of the net.,1

There will be no hat-trick for Gervinho today, as he is also replaced and Cyprien comes on in his place.,0

Parma now make a double substitution, the first of which sees Kurtic head off and he has been replaced by Sohm.,0

Ranocchia is booked after protesting the penalty decision, he pesters the referee and is eventually shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Inter pull one back, it's 2-1! Brozovic curls a shot into the bottom left-hand corner of the net, after the hosts come straight up the pitch from the restart and Parma switch off at the back, to allow the midfielder far too much time and space on the edge of the box to pick his spot.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Gervinho doubles Parma's lead, it's 2-0! Once again the striker gets in behind the Inter defence, after a good through ball by Inglese, which catches De Vrij out and Gervinho sneaks in and slots it past Handanovic and into the back of the net.,1

Inter have made a double substitution now, the first sees Eriksen come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Vidal.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Parma take the lead within seconds of the restart, it's 1-0! The Inter defence were still napping and Gervinho sprints in behind, gets on the end of a lovely ball over the top by Hernani and volleys it first time into the back of the net past Handanovic. Superb finish.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Hernani, after his late challenge on Hakimi, which hands Inter a free-kick around 30 yards out and in a decent position.,2

Ceballos looks disappointed to be taken off, but that's the reality. Willock joins the fray in his place.,0

Arteta is also dipping into the reserves. Nketiah is perhaps unfortunate to be taken off, but with Gabriel off, the manager probably felt obliged to bring on Luiz.,0

Walcott, who has done some serious damage to his former club, is replaced by Djenepo for the final 30 minutes or so.,0

Hasenhuttl decides now is the time to make a change or two. Armstrong's number is up and he is replaced by Redmond.,0

RED CARD! Walcott turns Gabriel brilliantly before being brought down. The defender knows he's in trouble straight away and he's right. There's no hesitation from the referee as he brandishes a second yellow.,3

GOOAAALLLLL! ARSENAL ARE LEVEL! From nowhere, the home side equalise. Aubameyang's name goes on the scoresheet but this is all Saka. The winger skips past Walker-Peters and Romeu before playing it to Nketiah who dinks it round the corner for Aubameyang to finish with ease. 1-1!,1

GOOAAALLLL! WALCOTT SCORES! He's back to haunt his former team. Arsenal fail to deal with a simple pass into midfield from Vestergaard and Adams pounces on the loose ball to set Walcott through. With just Leno to beat, the ex-Arsenal man kept his composure to chip the keeper and put the Saints ahead. ,1

GOOAALLL! Wu fires in the equaliser, brilliant finish! The stadium goes absolutely berserk as the substitute gets in behind down the right channel from Vargas' pass, drives straight towards goal and fires a superb right-footed finish across Neto and into the bottom-left corner.,1

Valverde looks to shore things up with his team a man light, right-back Semedo coming on in place of Griezmann for the final 10 minutes.,0

Red card! This game gets a little more interesting as De Jong is shown a second yellow for a clear pull on Calleri's shirt. He was trying to make amends for losing the ball in midfield, and Pique puts a consolatory arm around the youngster's shoulder as he trudges off. He can't have any complaints.,3

GOOAAAALLL! Vidal makes it 2-1 from the bench, the turnaround is complete! It's a quick Barca attack upfield. Suarez picks up a loose ball at the left side of the area, does well to chip it around one defender before scooping it towards the far post where Vidal powers a header into the top-right corner.,1

GOOAALL! 1-1, Suarez levels it up out of nowhere! De Jong finds Alba in space on the left, he whips a low cross in towards the corner of the six-yard box and Suarez touches it in at the near post. Simple but deadly.,1

Valverde does the sensible thing, taking my advice and bringing on Vidal at half-time. Rakitic is the man replaced. Barca win and I get a contract, right?,0

Javi Lopez sees the first yellow card of the evening for a late challenge on Griezmann on the Barca left.,2

GOOOOAALL! Espanyol lead 1-0, it's David Lopez with a free header! The free-kick on the right is fired in beautifully by the left foot of Roca, nobody tracks Lopez and he flicks it inside the far post! There is a VAR check for offside, but a flaf-footed Suarez is just playing him on.,1

After that goal, United make a change. Eriksen came into the side on late notice but has been excellent in the middle of the park. Fred replaces him for the final 11 minutes.,0

GOAAAALLLL!!! UNITED DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! 2-0! And that could be that. Dalot with his first Premier League goal for United and that is a dagger to the heart of the Forest fans in the stadium. Antony has been really positive down the right and he drives in off that right flank once again. He doesn't take a shot but rather plays a cute reverse pass onto the onrushing Dalot from left back who takes a touch before firing past Navas and heading to the United away fans to celebrate.,1

Sancho looks to break down the United left but Williams cynically pulls his shirt back and is shown a yellow card.,2

Forest make the first subs of the game with a double change. In midfield, Freuler comes off for Mangala.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! ANTONY OPENS THE SCORING!! 1-0!! It's been an open game and it's the away side that have the opener. It's given away sloppily in the middle of the park and Fernandes, who has started brilliantly, slides in Martial with a perfectly-weighted pass. The Frenchman's effort is saved well by Navas but Antony is following in on the rebound and fires it into the empty net.,1

Not the start Maguire would have wanted. The centre-back is spun by Awoniyi as Forest look to break and the centre-back is booked as he hauls down the Forest striker on the halfway line.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! The hosts have one back!! Januzaj's well-hit free-kick is parried by Oblak, but it bounces in the six-yard box where Guridi is waiting to nod the ball into the opposite corner! 2-1, and it's never too late for another goal or two!,1

Savic looks to be causing trouble in the giant wall made up of both teams, and is booked by the referee for wasting time.,2

Having opened the scoring with a thunderbolt of a shot, De Paul now comes off for Thomas Lemar to see out the game.,0

Griezmann's scoring drought will go on, as he is taken off for a prolific goalscorer in every sense of the word, Luis Suarez.,0

Portu is barged over by the shoulder of Felipe, preventing him from reaching a throughball, and his protests at the referee result in a yellow card being brandished for dissent.,2

GOOOOAAALLLL!!!! The Rojiblancos double their lead!!! Carrasco has an age to pick his spot in the box and does so, curling a ball in for Koke. He takes a touch, then lays it off for Correa, who smashes the ball home to make it 2-0!,1

Isak comes off despite being arguably Sociedad's most promising attacker, and he'll be replaced by Adnan Januzaj.,0

Llorente is sandwiched in-between challenges from Merino and Zubimendi, with Merino booked for badly mistiming a hack at the ball.,2

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What a hit!!!! Atleti keep possession well and Griezmann feeds De Paul on the edge of the box. With few passing options, he tries his luck and smashes an absolute beauty of a shot across Remiro and into the top corner! That's some strike, and it puts Atletico 1-0 up early in the second half!,1

Griezmann rises for a high ball and catches Le Normand with an elbow. He's put into the book as a result by the referee.,2

After Savic intercepts an Illarramendi pass forward, the Montenegrin defender comes out of defence with the ball. Rafinha slides in wildly and catches him late, deservedly being shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Le Normand drags back Griezmann as the Altetico forward runs around the outside of him, and is given the first booking of the match.,2

Belotti comes on for Abraham to lead the Roma attack. This is the second change Mourinho has had to make because of an injury.,0

WHAT A GOAL!! 1-0 FEYENOORD!! WIEFFER!! Wieffer gives Feyenoord the lead with a stunning volley from outside of the box! Idrissi beats Zalewski on the wing and crosses the ball to the midfielder. Wieffer strikes it into the ground and it bounces into the bottom left corner.,1

RASHFORD MAKES IT FOUR! 4-1! Manchester Utd are running away with this now as Fernandes releases Rashford with a brilliant throughball and the striker darts past Lascelles before curling a neat finish beyond Darlow when he found himself one-on-one!,1

WAN-BISSAKA SEALS IT! 3-1! Newcastle wearily push forward and lose possession allowing Wan-Bissaka to charge forward and the full-back plays a rapid one-two with Rashford before closing in on goal and smashing a vicious effort past Darlow at the near post!,1

FERNANDES GIVES MANCHESTER UNITED THE LEAD! 2-1! The away side hit Newcastle with a classic counter-attack as Mata releases Rashford down the wing with a sweeping pass, allowing the attacker to cut inside, before slipping a deft reverse pass through to Fernandes who hits a curling effort from close range over Darlow and into the top corner!,1

James is booked for a vicious late tackle on Saint-Maximin that could easily have resulted in a red card.,2

MANCHESTER UTD EQUALISE! 1-1! It's a big moment for Maguire, who leaps over the top of Fernandez from a corner, before powering a fierce header across Darlow and into the net!,1

INGS!!! 1-1! What a substitution by Emery! The England striker peels away from his marker and beats the offside trap to latch onto Mings' beautifully lofted ball, before calmly lifting over the advancing Sa.,1

A triple-change for Villa. The first sees Ings introduced in favour of Watkins, who has been quiet today.,0

That was Costa's last involvement as he goes off to be replaced by Cunha, who comes on for his debut.,0

Hwang catches Douglas Luiz late and the referee shows no hesitation in quickly brandishing the yellow card in his direction.,2

PODENCE!!! 1-0 WOLVES! The visitors capitalise after a positive start at Villa Park! Exchanging passes with Moutinho, Podence cleverly skips away from Douglas Luiz, before brilliantly curling into the corner from a tight angle.,1

With the three points likely assured, Allegri rests Paredes, and teenage starlet Miretti makes a brief cameo.,0

JUVE SEAL VICTORY! After an interminable delay, Di Maria's corner is finally swung in to the near post, where Rabiot is well-placed to flick in a header that zips past Cohen and into the far corner of the net. That's it: Juventus are surely over the line now, it's 3-1 in Turin and Rabiot has two!,1

A high, crunching challenge on Sundgren, out on the left flank, sees Alex Sandro deservedly booked by the referee.,2

HAIFA HIT BACK! Racing clear of Bremer to slot the ball past the exposed Szczesny, substitute David makes an instant impact; pulling the away side back within a goal of their hosts! It was a brilliant throughball from Chery, and the in-form striker did not err!,1

Allegri responds by making a change of his own at centre-forward, as goalscorer Vlahovic is replaced by Kean.,0

Allegri is happy to shut up shop and see the game out, ahead of a big game at the weekend. First, he replaces Kostic with Locatelli.,0

VLAHOVIC STRIKES! Another deft throughball from Di Maria opens up the visitors' defence, and Vlahovic makes no mistake this time: he strides clear of his pursuers before slotting the ball under Cohen and into the back of the net! Juve lead 2-0, and will take some stopping now!,1

JUVE LEAD! Just as it seemed their control of the game was getting away from them, the home side go ahead! With a clinical finish from the left side of the box, Rabiot finds the top corner, following Di Maria's incisive throughball. That'll ease the pressure: it's Juventus 1-0 Maccabi Haifa!,1

Kessie is booked during the celebrations of that game-sealing goal, likely for dissent over the awarding of the penalty.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! That'll do it!!! Rodrygo steps up with a calmness far beyond his 21 years, and smashes the penalty towards the bottom-right corner, beyond the reach of a diving Ter Stegen and into the back of the net!!! 3-1 to Real, and surely no way back for Barcelona now!,1

Captain Benzema also comes off for the Madridstas, with Marco Asensio taking his place for the last few moments of the Clasico.,0

More changes coming for Madrid, who bring off Carvajal for even more defensive cover, coming in the form of Antonio Rudiger.,0

Madrid make a change following that Barca goal, as Vinicius, who has been quieter this half, comes off for his fellow Brazil international Rodrygo.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!! Barca finally get their breakthrough!!! Fati drives down the left before squaring to Lewandowski, who, knowing he can't shoot, flicks it onto Torres, who strokes the ball into the far corner!!! A very well-worked goal, and it's one that halves Real's lead, and makes it game on at 2-1!,1

Pedri is the latest Barcelona midfielder to come off, and Franck Kessie will see out the remainder of the game in his place.,0

Gavi slides in needlessly on Tchouameni and sends the Real midfielder flying, and is booked for his challenge by the referee.,2

Modric has been typically class in the middle of the park, and comes off for the last 10 minutes to be played by Eduardo Camavinga.,0

Modric arrives very, very late and catches Pedri on the heel, and the challenge warrants a deserved yellow card from the referee's pocket.,2

Dembele is the next to come off for Barca, and can the oncoming Ansu Fati have the desired impact to get the Blaugrana back into this one?,0

A triple change comes from the Barcelona bench, the first of which sees Raphinha withdrawn for Ferran Torres.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! The Madridstas double their lead!!! Vinicius drives forward on his own and takes on the Barca defence. Support eventually arrives, and he frees up Mendy. He in turn finds Valverde, who smashes a low effort beyond the reach of Ter Stegen and into the bottom corner!!! 2-0, and despite a flurry of Barcelona chances, Real are in control at the Bernabeu!,1

A succession of midfield fouls culminates in Kroos clattering De Jong just inside the Barca half, and Vinicius isn't happy at all, to the extent that he's booked for dissent by the referee.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Los Blancos strike first!!! Real flood forward on the break as Kroos looks to release Vinicius. He's pulled to the floor, but manages to put the Brazilian into space, and he surges into the box. He takes on Ter Stegen, and the ball is parried by the goalkeeper, but Benzema arrives to smash the ball home from 15 yards and lift the roof off the Bernabeu! 1-0 to Real, and the home side lead!,1

For a blatantly obvious exhibition of time-wasting on the left touchline, substitute Spinazzola is booked.,2

Roma make a conservative switch, as a midfielder, Cristante, is replaced by centre-back Kumbulla for the final few minutes.,0

Abubakari also receives a yellow card, in his case for raising an arm into an opponent's face inside the box - the offence which saw Browne's 'goal' ruled out.,2

Due to trying to exert pressure on the referee as he viewed the pitchside monitor, Patricio is booked.,2

After an eventful shift - including an assist for the opening goal - Pellegrini makes way for Shomurodov.,0

One youngster makes way for another, as Volpato is replaced by Faticanti for the final minutes of the game.,0

Having spent time receiving treatment on the pitch, Hetemaj can no longer continue due to injury. The HJK goalscorer is therefore replaced by Boujellab.,0

HJK PULL LEVEL! From nowhere, the home side pull an equaliser out of the bag, as Hetemaj takes an excellent first touch to steady the ball on the edge of the box and fire past Patricio, straight into the bottom corner. Substitute Abubakari was involved in the build-up with a flick on, and it's now 1-1!,1

ROMA LEAD! It was coming! The Giallorossi go in front shortly before the break, as Pellegrini's set-piece prowess pays dividends again. The Roma captain drops a lofted free-kick from the right on the head of Abraham, near the penalty spot, and the England striker guides the ball into the back of the net. Hazard had no chance!,1

A crunching challenge from behind by Halme takes out Abraham near the centre-circle. That's worthy of a booking from the referee.,2

For clearly pulling back Hetemaj in midfield, Mancini receives the game's first booking. He'll have to be extra careful for the next 70 minutes.,2

It’s taken 89 minutes, but the referee Delerue gets his first yellow card out, booking Kurzawa for a bad challenge on Ikoko.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! MEUNIER MAKES IT 9-0!!! Cavani gets challenged by Eboa Eboa just as he was about to shoot at Caillard, but the loose ball falls to the substitute Meunier, who finishes past Caillard with all the confidence of a seasoned striker! If PSG were looking for revenge after their Coupe de la Ligue elimination, they have certainly dished it out and then some!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! MBAPPE ALSO GETS HIS HAT-TRICK!! Cavani latches on to a great pass by Neymar, and the forward whips in a low ball across the six-yard area towards the path of Mbappe, who is only too happy to finish past Caillard for his treble and PSG’s eighth of the game! 8-0 to the champions, who have romped to a dominating win at the Parc des Princes!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! CAVANI GETS HIS HAT-TRICK!! Despite Kurzawa looking to be offside after receiving Neymar’s pass down the left wing, the substitute is able to whip in a cross that causes havoc in the Guingamp box, and a loose ball falls toward the path of the Uruguay forward who is only happy to take advantage of the chaos in the penalty area! It’s now 7-0 to Tuchel’s men, and they are showing no signs of letting up!,1

N'Gbakoto comes off, and ex-Chelsea man Djilobodji comes on in his place to help shore things up at the back.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!! NEYMAR BAGS HIS BRACE!! Mbappe returns the favour and plays in the onrushing Brazil forward, who skips past a Guingamp challenge and taps the ball past Caillard in no man’s land! Despite the best efforts of Rebocho, he’s unable to slide the trickling ball away from the goal line and PSG now lead 6-0 at the Parc des Princes!,1

Bernat, who has been great down the left side, comes off for Kurzawa in Tuchel's second change of the match.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! CAVANI DOUBLES HIS ACCOUNT!! Neymar plays in Di Maria for the short corner, and the Argentina international plays a one-two with Mbappe before bursting into the box and delivering a clipped ball towards the six-yard area, where Cavani leapt higher than the rest to head the ball past Caillard! 5-0 to Les Parisiens, and the final whistle can’t come soon enough for the visitors.,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! CAVANI JOINS THE PARTY TO MAKE IT 4-0!! Neymar is able to play in the overlapping Bernat, and the Spanish left-back whips in a great ball across the Guingamp box to allow the Uruguay forward to simply tap the ball past Caillard and into the net for his 12th Ligue 1 goal in 13 matches!,1

Mendy, who has been ineffective throughout, also comes off in place of Rodelin. The visitors are now shaping up in a more defensive 4-1-4-1 formation, which is understandable given the circumstances.,0

That effort was Deaux’s last contribution of the match, as he is being replaced by Blas for Gourvennec’s first substitution.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! MBAPPE DOUBLES HIS ACCOUNT!! Dismal stuff from Eboa Eboa there, whose attempt at clearing the ball was blocked by a driven Cavani, and the Uruguay forward was able to quickly find Mbappe in acres of space in the box before the France forward places a slick finish past Caillard! 3-0 to the table-toppers, and Guingamp’s slim hopes of repeating their heroics from 10 days ago are surely extinguished!,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! MBAPPE MAKES IT 2-0 TO THE CHAMPIONS!! Neymar goes from goalscorer to provider after playing a series of lightning quick one-twos with Mbappe in the box, and the France wonderkid makes no mistake in slotting the ball past a hopeless Caillard to become Ligue 1's top scorer for the time being!,1

It doesn’t look good for Verratti, who has been wearing a discomforted expression since being forced to come off the pitch. Draxler comes on in his place for Tuchel’s first change of the match - far earlier than he would've wanted.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!! PSG GET THE EARLY LEAD!! Another wave of extended Parisien pressure results in Alves delivering a perfectly-timed ball over the top of the Guingamp defence towards Neymar, who chests it down with his first touch before evading Eboa Eboa with his second and finally tapping the ball in the back of the net! 1-0 to the hosts, who are surely aiming for more goals in this match!,1

Liverpool shore up one last time. Mane off. Oxlade-Chamberlain on. They've had to work hard today but this isn't over yet.,0

Adrian is booked for timewasting over a goal-kick. The home fans complain despite their own player being flagrantly guilty of it earlier, as is their right.,2

Wilder responds to his side's unfortunate setback. Norwood goes off for the striker Leon Clarke, who's making his first Premier League appearance at 34 years old. Perhaps there's time for us yet.,0

GOAL! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool get a stroke of luck they scarcely deserve. Wijnaldum drives a low shot from outside the box towards the centre of the goal. It should be a routine save for Dean Henderson, but the keeper somehow spills it and it rolls into the net! That's cruel on Sheffield United, who've played so well so far.,1

It is Henderson who's hooked - Origi's the one to come on for him. Liverpool will change their shape again. How they will is still to be seen.,0

O'Connell is booked for kicking the ball away, delaying the goal-kick and wasting a precious bit of time for Liverpool. You've got to love it.,2

Sheffield United make the first change of the game. It's a like-for-like swap up front - Robinson off, Mousset on.,0

AUSTIN MAKES IT 3-2! Arsenal’s 22-match unbeaten run is in danger as the substitute makes his presence felt! Hojbjerg wins the ball in midfield and releases Long who chips a far-post cross to the head of Austin to nod in, evading the flailing hand of Leno in the process! The hosts need to hang on for five more minutes, and they'll have an incredible victory!,1

Lichtsteiner will be unable to finish the match following that slide tackle from Armstrong. Maitland-Niles is on to replace him.   ,0

As soon as the substitution is made, Arsenal looks to have an injury concern as Armstrong slides through the back of Lichtsteiner, sending the defender to ground holding his knee. He’ll earn a yellow card for that dangerous tackle.,2

Redmond is removed by Hasenhuttl as it appears as though the winger is carrying an injury. Long is his replacement.   ,0

Targett plays a pass down the left for Redmond who is pushed over cynically by Koscielny. The defender is shown a yellow card, and Southampton are presented with a set-piece in a good position, just outside the penalty area.,2

ARSENAL SOMEHOW FIND A SECOND GOAL! 2-2! Romeu is caught in possession after holding it for too long on the edge of his penalty area, and Lacazette nips in to win the ball before opening up space for Mkhitaryan, whose weak shot from a central position takes a lucky deflection off the foot of Vestergaard and rolls its way past McCarthy into the net! ,1

Bednarek rushes through the back of Lacazette in a poor attempt to win the ball – and earns the first yellow card of the match.  ,2

Bellerin picked up a knock just before half-time, and he will not come out in the second, as Lacazette is his replacement. ,0

THAT’S TWO FOR INGS AS SAINTS RETAKE THE LEAD! A second goal, a second simple header for the Southampton number nine as Redmond chips a cross into the centre of the penalty area from the edge of the box, on the right-hand corner. The forward steps in-between Lichtsteiner and Koscielny yet again, and wins the ball – looping his headed effort over Leno and into the goal!,1

ARSENAL MAKE IT 1-1! It's curse of the commentator as the Gunners bring it level though Mkhitaryan with a left-wing cross of their own! Iwobi speeds down the left before pushing it forward for Monreal who continues the run. The wing-back gets to the byline before pulling back a cross to the centre of the penalty area for Mkhitaryan, who heads home the equaliser!,1

INGS GIVES SOUTHAMPTON THE 1-0 ADVANTAGE! Armstrong plays it to the left for Targett who wins some space in front of Bellerin and whips in a superb cross, which drops between two Arsenal centre-backs, allowing Ings to attack it with his head - which he does with enthusiasm! ,1

Conte's making a double change and the first one is enforced. Gagliardini just pulled up with an injury so he's limped off the field and Valero is on in his place.,0

It's a heavy challenge from D'Ambrosio as he takes out Murgia from behind and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Valdifiori picks up the first yellow card of the game after catching Lukaku on the back of his heels and stopping his run.,2

SPAL ARE BACK INTO IT! Valoti does brilliantly after picking up the ball as he dribbles past three Inter defenders on his way into the box before hitting his shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. SPAL have their first goal away from home this season! 2-1!,1

Strefezza has been struggling with an injury for quite a while in this half and he's finally coming off to be replaced by Cionek.,0

THEY HAVE A SECOND! It's a brilliant cross into the box from Candreva and Martinez runs through the middle unmarked to head the ball past Berisha and into the back of the net for his second of the game. 2-0 Inter!,1

MARTINEZ SCORES! Lukaku takes the defenders away with his run which gives Martinez the space to run into. He takes aim from just outside the box and drills his shot low across the area and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Inter!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WINKS AT THE DEATH!!! TOTTENHAM 2-1!!!! Spurs snatch the three points in the final minute of the game. Winks makes a late run at the back post to latch on to Nkoudou's deep cross from the left flank. He heads the ball down into the ground and it bounces beyond Rico's outstretched hand into the net. A huge moment for Pochettino's men.,1

Rose is booked for simulation after going down under pressure from Christie. A mistake by Odoi had left the home side exposed and the left-back surged forward. However, the referee was not convinced he was fouled and cautioned the England man.,2

A curious move from Pochettino as he withdraws Lamela for Dier, although Eriksen will shift into a more advanced position.,0

Sanchez is booked for his part in a melee with Mitrovic, although the defender didn't do a great deal to warrant the booking. ,2

Mitrovic pulls back and grapples with Sanchez and is booked for the incident, which starts a melee between both teams.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! ALLI EQUALISES!! 1-1!!! Spurs are back on level terms as Alli heads home from close range. Ream failed to connect with a clearance on the edge of the box and Eriksen pounced. He floated a precise cross to the back post for Alli to attack. The England man made no mistake, nodding the ball past Rico from six yards.,1

And Rakitic converts to make it 1-1 from the penalty spot! He sends the keeper Casteels the wrong way and hammers it into the bottom left to level for his side.,1

Guilavogui sees a second yellow for the challenge leading to the penalty after he was previously booked.,3

Guilavogui is booked for persistent fouling after being penalised for numerous fouls over the last 10 minutes. This time it's for a trip on Romero.,2

And it's 1-0 to Wolfsburg! It's Steffen who converts after Lukebakio's cross causes havoc in the defence, allowing the Swiss winger to prod it in after the ball fell to him.,1

Suso goes in the book for cynically bringing down Roussillon as the French defender dribbled past him.,2

Steffen is booked after he catches Acuna with an elbow while trying to win a header. There didn't seem to be any intent but we've seen red cards in the past for incidents like that.,2

It'll be an early free-kick to Sevilla after Ocampos is brought down by Lacroix. The French defender is booked for the challenge.,2

Aarons is booked after having a go at Taylor for what he felt was going down too easy for that penalty shout.,2

Lees-Melou does superbly to drive from the halfway line all the way to the edge of the box before he is brought down by Rodriguez, who goes into the book.,2

Normann then sees yellow after dragging back McNeil as the winger was driving forward towards the Norwich box.,2

Wood is booked after a hard sliding tackle on Kabak. It causes some anger and scuffles and there may be more cards to come here.,2

Tarkowski is booked for cynically dragging down Pukki as Aarons played a through ball into him. It'll be a free-kick to the visitors in a dangerous position.,2

Danilo is booked for a foul just outside the area, which is giving Lazio a decent late chance to get a shot on goal.,2

GOOAAL! Lazio pull one back, Immobile with the penalty! He hits it right-footed, confidently into the bottom-left corner. Game on!,1

Lazio make a third change, with Andre Anderson coming on for Cataldi. Djavan Anderson has already gone off, of course.,0

GOOOALLL! 2-0 Juventus, Ronaldo at the double! Out of nowhere, Juventus have two men running clear on goal as the forwards combine to rob Felipe. Dybala carries it forward and lays it off to Ronaldo for a tap-in six yards out.,1

GOOAALL! Juventus lead 1-0, Ronaldo scores from the spot! He sidefoots hard into the bottom-right corner, giving the keeper no chance even though he went the right way.,1

Fekir catches Paredes late with a nasty challenge and is maybe fortunate that it is only a yellow card. Paredes is equally as fortunate to avoid an injury.,2

Bernat makes way for Diaby with four minutes of normal time to play at the Groupama Stadium. Not many people will dare to leave the ground early!,0

Choupo-Moting is brought on for Cavani in PSG's forward line. It has been a frustrating day for the visitors' attacking stars - can the incoming player have a big say on the match?,0

New signing Paredes is introduced in place of Kimpembe. Tuchel always planned to bring on Paredes at some point but that ideally would have been with his side ahead.,0

Traore is the man to make way for Cornet in Lyon's second change of the contest. Tuchel has yet to turn to his bench, with less than 15 minutes of normal time now left to play.,0

Tousart is brought on to help protect the back four, taking over from Aouar in that area of the field.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! LYON 2-1 PSG! Fekir watches Areola dive towards his left and he tucks the ball the opposite way. Lyon lead PSG and it is no more than they deserve.,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! LYON 1-1 PSG! Areola has been phenomenal in the first 32 minutes of the match, but this has to go down as an error on his behalf. Dubois' cross from the right is a simple one to gather, but Areola loses his footing and Dembele gets to the ball first to power home a header from a few yards out.,1

Kimpembe catches Fekir and is shown the game's first yellow card by experienced referee Clement Turpin.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! LYON 0-1 PSG! PSG open the scoring at the Groupama Stadium through Di Maria's fifth league goal of the season. Draxler takes the ball off Aouar and springs a four-on-three counter, slipping the ball to his left for Di Maria to pick his spot past Lopes.,1

GOAAALLLLLL - HUESCA 0-1 BARCELONA - De Jong shows composure and a calm head to fire the visitors into the lead, and it has been coming. Messi spotted his run into the box, and his cross was inch-perfect, allowing De Jong to climb and cushion the ball into the bottom corner. ,1

Kvaratskhelia heads off for Zerbin after an electric display. Liverpool will be glad to see the back of him.,0

GOAL! DIAZ! 4-1. Liverpool pull one back. Robertson feeds Diaz on the edge of the box and the attacker darts inside before bending a superb curling effort into the far corner from 20 yards!,1

GOALL! ZIELINSKI! 4-0. Napoli get another just after the break. Zambo Anguissa exploits Liverpool's high line again with a superb throughball into the channel. Simeone latches onto it and squares it for Zielinski who fires a strike at Alisson before dinking the rebound over the goalkeeper!,1

GOALLL! SIMEONE! 3-0. Napoli get another! Zambo Anguissa spins past his marker and releases Kvaratskhelia. The attacker skips past Alexander-Arnold with ease before outmuscling Gomez and hitting it across the face of goal, where Simeone's on hand to tap it in!,1

GOALLL! ZAMBO ANGUISSA! 2-0. Napoli double their lead with a superb goal. Kvaratskhelia snatches it off Gomez and dashes to the byline. He rolls it to Zambo Anguissa who plays a sharp one-two with Zielinski to find himself clean through on goal at an angle! He takes a touch before slotting it in at the near post!,1

Van Dijk is shown a yellow card for his foul on Osimhen, but he'll feel relieved to still be on the pitch considering there wasn't an attempt to play the ball.,2

Milner snaps into Zambo Anguissa near the centre-circle and is shown a yellow card. It's been a rough game for the midfielder so far.,2

GOALLL! 1-0. ZIELINSKI! Napoli have an early lead. Zielinski steps up and confidently sends Alisson the wrong way, before firing it into the top left corner!,1

Vaclik cannot continue as he gestures towards his ribs. He clattered off the post and may have damaged the area. Soriano replaces him between the sticks.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KRAL EQUALISES!!! 2-2!!! The visitors are back in the game for the second time. Kral scores a complete fluke of a goal as he manages to get free of Wober in the middle. The cross from Stoch hits him on the shoulder and loops towards goal. It evades the hand of Vaclik before nestling into the back of the net. A fortunate one for Slavia Prague, but they will take it.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MUNIR RESTORES SEVILLA'S LEAD!! 2-1!! The home side are back in front as Munir fires home on the volley. Banega lofts the corner to the back post where the forward makes a run into space. There's no Slavia Prague defender within feet of Munir. He connects sweetly on the volley and Boril on the line is unable to keep the ball out. An emphatic response from Machin's men.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!! STOCH EQUALISES FOR THE VISITORS! 1-1!! Slavia Prague had worked themselves back into the contest and have an equaliser. They sustained an attack down the right flank before Traore teed up Stoch for a strike. He connected well with his strike and it deflected off Rog to wrong foot Vaclik to find the top corner.,1

Banega slides in on Coufal on the flank, skidding on the wet turf into the full-back. He goes into the book for the challenge.,2

Coufal goes into the book for a lunge on Wober. He goes into the book and will now be suspended for the second leg.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! BEN YEDDER PUTS SEVILLA AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead after 24 seconds as Kudela loses possession on the edge of his own box and Banega pounces. His throughball is deflected, but Ben Yedder pounces on the loose ball and takes a touch before guiding a right-footed strike into the bottom corner. The perfect start for the Spanish team.,1

GOAAALLLL - BAYERN 7-1 SALZBURG - Now that is deserved. Sane gets a goal to add to his two assists, and Nagelsmann's side are taking Salzburg apart at will. Lewandowski managed to pick up possession on the edge of the Salzburg penalty box, and rather than shoot, he waited for Sane to overlap him. The visitors' defence fell for it, and before they could realise, Sane had smashed the ball into the roof of the net.,1

GOAAAALL - BAYERN 6-1 SALZBURG - Muller gets his second of the evening as he converts another pass from Sane. The duo worked themselves into a good position inside the Salzburg box before Muller curled his shot into the bottom corner, although he looked to have miskicked it.,1

GOAAALL - BAYERN 5-1 SALZBURG - Salzburg restore some pride as Kjaergaard rifles the ball into the top corner, giving Neuer no chance in the Bayern goal. Bayern's midfield failed to catch Aaronson, and it was his pass that teed up his team-mate.,1

Another change for Bayern in midfield, with Musiala making way, with Roca on for the final 24 minutes.,0

While Bayern wait for Camara to get back to his feet, Choupo-Moting is now on the pitch in place of Coman.,0

GOAAALLL - BAYERN 5-0 SALZBURG - Salzburg's resolve is broken again in the second half, and Muller grabs his first of the evening. Naglesmann's side worked their way through the Salzburg midfield, with Sane picking out Muller in the penalty box. The veteran turned onto his left foot and smashed the ball home, and he made it look effortless!,1

GOAAALL - BAYERN 4-0 SALZBURG - Oh dear Salzburg. Camara gets caught in possession on the edge of the Salzburg box, allowing Bayern to pounce. Coman picked up the ball before picking out Ganbry at the far post. The former Arsenal man should not have beat Kohn at his near post, but the Salzburg keeper produced a weak save, and we have four goals already!,1

GOAAALLL - BAYERN 3-0 SALZBURG - HAT-TRICK for Lewandowski. We are not even halfway through the first half, and it is pretty much game over. Muller's throughball caused carnage, forcing Kohn off his line. The Salzburg keeper got there first, but the Pole deflected the ball onto the post. He then kept his composure and had all the time in the world to tap home. Incredible!!!,1

GOAAAALLL - BAYERN 2-0 SALZBURG - Same corner, same result. Lewandowski grabs his second goal of the night from the penalty spot, although this time, he checked his run. Kohn fell for it, and Lewandowski popped the ball into the bottom corner.,1

GOAAALL - BAYERN 1-0 SALZBURG - Lewandowski makes no mistake from the penalty spot as he sends Kohn the wrong way and adds to his tally for the season.,1

CLINICAL!!!! MILAN 4-2 JUVENTUS - A shocking mistake from Alex Sandro is punished immediately by Milan. The defender played a looping pass across his own box, with Bonaventura reacting quicker than anyone to intercept. He picked out Rebic and the forward curled the ball inside the box and into the back of the net.,1

Another change for Juventus sees Alex Sandro enter the game, with Cuadrado making his way to the bench.,0

Sarri is clearly worried about the midfield battle. Ramsey now steps into the game to replace Pjanic.,0

WHAT IS GOING ON!!! MILAN 3-2 JUVENTUS - Two goals in as many minutes have given Milan the lead on home soil. There is an element of fortune, but Leao claims the goal. Rebic's pass was perfectly weighted, and Leao's shot at the near post has taken a wicked deflection. Seven minutes ago they were two-nil behind, Milan now lead against the reigning champions.,1

SUBLIME!!!!! - MILAN 2-2 Juventus - Kessie finishes a superb team move, and we are all square. Calhanoglu started the move with a nutmeg, he then found Ibrahimovic who played Kessie into space in the box. He still had work to do, and the midfielder jinxed his way through traffic to score.,1

GOAAAALLL! MILAN 1-2 JUVENTUS - Ibrahimovic slots it home in style as he sends Szczesny the wrong way. Replays showed Bonucci seemed to elbow Hernandez's cross away from danger. A silly mistake from him and it is game on now in Milan.,1

Bonucci is carded for that handball and he will regret that decision in the morning. He could have given Milan a way back into this contest.,2

GOAAALLLLLL - MILAN 0-2 JUVENTUS - Ronaldo goes it again. Cuadrado plays a long ball over the top of the defence and Ronaldo gets himself in between two defenders. He lets the ball come over his shoulder before slotting the ball into the net past Donnarumma.,1

WOWWWWWWW!!!!!!! MILAN 0-1 JUVENTUS - Rabiot that is outrageous. The former Paris Saint-Germain midfielder has just sent his team wild after a tantalising run through the middle of midfield. He nutmegged Hernandez on his way to goal before smashing the ball into the far corner with his left foot. ,1

GOOOAL! Richarlison makes it 1-0 to Everton! Digne squares the ball towards Richarlison near the penalty spot, and he then gets there ahead of Duffy before taking it away from the reach of Webster, and the striker then curls a fine effort into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

Weston McKennie is replaced by ex-Southampton man Carlos Alcaraz, as he picks up some minutes at the end of the game.,0

Filip Kostiic comes off for Alex Sandro to give Juventus some fresh legs in defence as they look to keep their clean sheet.,0

Dusan Vlahovic, the second goalscorer for Juve, makes way for Moise Kean in an attacking substitution.,0

Timothy Weah picks up the second booking of the game. He purposefully stopped a Lazio break after his effort on goal.,2

Andrea Cambiaso leaves the pitch in place of Timothy Weah, who will bring extra energy to the home side.,0

Federico Chiesa goes off the pitch for Kenan Yıldız, who will feel that he can get himself a goal late on in this game.,0

Ciro Immobile is taken off for Valentin Castellanos. The Italian has had a very poor evening, he will be kicking himself.,0

GOALLL!!! Juventus go 2-0 ahead thanks to Vlahovic! It is a lovely goal from the Serbian, who collects the ball on the right side of the box, does a couple of stepovers inside and then places the ball past Mandas into the net.,1

GOAL FOR JUVENTUS! Chiesa opens the scoring with the first shot on target this game! He is fed through by Cambiaso and slots the ball into the right hand-side of the net with ease. 1-0 Juventus!,1

Zaccagni has been replaced by Gustav Tang Isaksen as he continues to suffer from the earlier challenge.,0

Tel is penalised for a foul, and then receives a yellow card for his furious reaction to the decision.,2

GOAL!!! SANE FIRES BAYERN LEVEL!!! It all comes from a Leipzig corner as the visitors clear, before Musiala charges upfield on the counter. He gets deep into the hosts' half before playing a superb pass through for Sane, who keeps his composure to place past Blaswich and in to make it 2-2!,1

GOAL!!! KANE HALVES THE DEFICIT!!! The England international steps up for his spot-kick, and though Blaswich goes the right way and gets a hand to Kane's effort, the power sends it flying into the back of the net. Bayern are back in it as they reduce Leipzig's lead to 2-1!,1

Ulreich tries to get play restarted with the VAR check still going on, and the referee gives him a booking.,2

GOAL!!! LEIPZIG ARE 2-0 UP!!! It is a howler from Ulreich as he comes for a corner and does not get there. It catches Openda off guard at the back post, and he himself cannot take advantage, inadvertently heading back into the box. However, Lukeba is there to fire home and double his team's lead!,1

GOAL!!! OPENDA GIVES LEIPZIG THE LEAD!!! Schlager plays a ball through for the striker, but he still has plenty to do. He manages to hold off Kim and drive into the box, eventually digging a shot out. He gets a huge slice of luck as his effort deflects off Kim, wrongfooting Ulreich and flying into the back of the net to put the hosts 1-0 up!,1

Divock Origi is now on for the Reds, replacing Mane. The former has been linked with an Anfield exit this term, his minutes increasingly limited.,0

GOAL! MOHAMED SALAH GETS IN ON THE ACTION FOR LIVERPOOL! 4-1! It's fast becoming a Reds rout here, the one that was expected in the build-up to this game. The striker meets a well-slotted delivery, works the space inside the box and tucks a fast, low finish past Onodi into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOAL! SADIO MANE BAGS A BRACE FOR LIVERPOOL! 3-1! It is as if the floodgates have opened for the Reds, as the striker nudges a second header - this one a looping finish that almost skims the underside of the bar - beyond Onodi's outstretched gloves. That should be the visitors home and dry.,1

Lastly, Aston Villa make a swap themselves, replacing Chrisene with Brad Young. They're only one goal down; could they keep their hopes alive here?,0

It is the last act for Minamino up front too - and what a major one it may prove to be. Xherdan Shaqiri is on in his place for Liverpool.,0

GOAL! GEORGINIO WIJNALDUM NETS FOR LIVERPOOL! 2-1! The Reds have the breakthrough they need! It is the midfielder, who missed some early sitters, atoning for them with a cool strike from the edge of the box, slamming a Minamino cut-back in at the right post.,1

There's been a change at the break for the visitors too; captain Henderson is off and Thiago is on. Let's see how that shakes up things out there.,0

It goes from bad to worse for Liverpool now as Jones throws a reckless leg out in midfield to cut off a Villa move and gets booked for his troubles. The hosts look absolutely elated. Joyous doesn't cover the strength of their energy right now.,2

GOAL! LOUIE BARRY LEVELS FOR ASTON VILLA! 1-1! MY WORD, THE HOSTS HAVE SQUARED THINGS UP WITH A SUPERB FINISH! Rowe picks up Onodi's goal-kick, and drags a throughball into space for the striker, who shrugs off Rhys Williams, races to the box and buries it into the bottom-right corner!,1

GOAL! SADIO MANE HEADS LIVERPOOL INTO THE LEAD! 1-0! It's taken just over 180 seconds but the Reds are on the front foot. Jones is played in down the right edge and he lofts a lovely cross in to the edge of the six-yard area. Villa's markers get their placement wrong and the striker nudges neatly in at the near post past Onodi.,1

Lodi rushes up into the left-hand channel to tackle Guardiola from behind. The left-back stands on the substitute's heels, leaving the referee with no choice but to book Lodi.,2

Another defensive-minded change sees Simeone send on Herrera in midfield for forward Correa, who equalised for the hosts with his poked finish in the second half.,0

Felipe comes in late from behind on Guardiola and joins team-mate Felix in the book. A needless tackle from the centre-back would have offered Valladolid a free-kick, if the referee hadn't chosen to play advantage and give the hosts a corner instead.,2

Simeone opts for more defensive protection in midfield as he sends on the energetic Kondogbia for Llorente.,0

For his reaction to San Emeterio, Felix also goes in the book and he represents the first Atletico name in there this game.,2

San Emeterio gets in an altercation with Felix and becomes the fourth Valladolid player to be booked.,2

Suarez escapes the attentions of El Yamiq once more and the centre-back drags him down near the halfway line. For his cynical foul, El Yamiq joins De Sousa in the referee's book.,2

GOOOOOOALLL! 2-1 ATLETICO! A wayward pass in midfield by Guardiola sets Suarez free over the halfway line. The forward makes no mistake as he speeds into the area before sliding a left-footed finish past the incoming Masip and into the bottom left corner. El Yamiq and Olivas raced back to catch Suarez but they just couldn't stop him from escaping their grasps to give the visitors the lead.,1

De Sousa, who set-up Valladolid's opening goal, is Gonzalez's first change as he comes off for Guardiola.,0

GOOOOOOOALL! ATLETICO LEVEL TO MAKE IT 1-1! The visitors have possession on the left-hand side and Carrasco plays inwards to Correa. The Argentine dances around two or three tackles before poking a right-footed effort from the edge of the area through the legs of El Yamiq. Masip, perhaps unsighted by his centre-backs, scrambles across but he can’t stop Correa from finding the bottom right corner and equalising for Atletico!,1

De Sousa insists Trippier has used his elbow in an aerial duel but the referee ignores him. The forward protests too much and ends up becoming the first yellow card of the game for dissent.,2

GOOOOOOALLLL! 1-0 VALLADOLID! The home side break from Atletico’s corner and hit their opponents on the counter-attack to open the scoring. A smart touch inside by San Emeterio finds De Sousa who releases Plano over the halfway line. Plano drives forward, going one-on-one with Oblak before placing a low, right-footed effort into the bottom right corner past the incoming goalkeeper.,1

Espanyol are making a late change as they search for an equaliser. Darder is taken off and replaced by Moron.,0

Cabrera can't get anywhere near the ball, so he simply pushes Ezzalzouli to ground and is shown a yellow card. ,2

There's another double change for Espanyol here. Embarba is the first to make way, with Wu on for him.,0

Ezzalzouli is fouled by Pedrosa, but the defender catches him a second time after the whistle has gone. The substitute has to be pulled away from his team-mates as he makes his feelings clear and he's booked for dissent.,2

DEPAY SCORES! He steps up to take the penalty that he won and confidently slots it home. He goes for power, firing it to the right of the goal. The goalkeeper dived the wrong way, and it's 1-0 Barca!,1

Fornals slips in midfield and allows City to pounce forward again - yet Balbuena comes to the rescue with Rice and the former is then released to counter by the latter, chasing a ball which he takes out Dias for. Just seconds left for West Ham...,2

Balbuena! The West Ham defender blocks a Cancelo cross and nearly puts it into his own net. That was perilously close. City meanwhile bring Zinchenko on for Walker.,0

It's effectively a double blow for the Hammers now too as Antonio has to come off. Something isn't right for the forward and Yarmolenko takes his place.,0

GOAL! PHIL FODEN FOR MANCHESTER CITY! 1-1! It's a classy finish from the substitute, who makes an instant impact! Joao Cancelo is the architect, tearing down the left wing and flicking a pass in for the youngster, who turns on a dime and squeezes a low finish past Fabianski at the near-left post. City are level inside six minutes from the break. Game on.,1

Coufal picks up the first booking of the game now for a challenge as he tries to wrestle the ball back in attack out on City's left wing.,2

There's been a change from Pep Guardiola straight from the off; Foden has come on in place of Aguero, who was kept rather quiet in those opening exchanges.,0

GOAL! MICHAIL ANTONIO FOR WEST HAM! 1-0! What an overhead kick from the Hammers forward! Soucek chases down what looks to be a dead ball in the right corner, and plays it back to Coufal who lofts a looping cross in. Antonio manages to hold off Dias in a tussle as it spins towards them and the attacker then lashes an overhead kick past Ederson, nestled in at the left post. A glorious strike!,1

Pellegrini, wanting to ensure solidity in these frantic final minutes, takes off skipper Noble for centre-back Ogbonna. Fabianski now dons the captain's armband as the Hammers now have five at the back.,0

That was Arnautovic's last act of the game, as he goes off to be replaced by ex-Arsenal forward Perez to the boos of the Spurs crowd.,0

Pellegrini meanwhile attempts to beef up his midfield with the introduction of Obiang, hooking Snodgrass off in the process.,0

GOOOAAALLL!! WEST HAM TAKE THE LEAD!! Antonio breaks the deadlock to the delight of the away supporters after Rice plays in Arnautovic out wide, and the forward crosses it towards the six-yard area where Antonio catches Sanchez napping and lets fly with a fierce drive past Lloris! It’s 1-0 to the Hammers, and they’ve become the first ever visitors to score at Spurs’ new stadium!,1

Pochettino makes his first throw of the dice, replacing Lucas with Llorente in an offensive substitution.,0

Not long afterwards, Lucas goes down following a cruncher of a challenge from Snodgrass. Referee Taylor has no hesitation in awarding the West Ham man the first booking of the game.,2

Cucurella is booked for clattering into De Jong. Even the home fans can't be bothered to complain after all that performative noise earlier.,2

RED CARD FOR LENGLET! Barca's centre-back receives his marching orders for a second yellow card after stepping on Molina's foot. Will that change things at all?,3

Here's that Barca change - Busquets, who's on a yellow, off, Rakitic on. Probably for the best in this febrile environment.,0

Maksimovic also lands himself in the book for protesting too much. Getafe need to make sure they don't lose their discipline here.,2

Tempers are flaring here. Kenedy is booked for standing on Busquets' foot near the touchline. The Getafe fans are incensed.,2

Getafe decide to make another change. Mata goes off and is replaced by Getafe's 37-year-old captain Molina.,0

GOAL! 2-0 BARCA! Perez unleashes a venomous shot from range that Soria keeps out but can't hold onto. The ball falls to Firpo who only has to pass the ball into the goal. ,1

Kenedy makes an immediate impact as Lenglet is booked for bringing him down. What can Getafe do with this free-kick?,2

GOAL! 1-0 BARCA! Getafe have played pretty well but you just can't keep Suarez quiet for long. Suarez gets through on goal, chips it over Soria and into the net. Lovely.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! NDOMBELE HAS HIS SECOND! 4-1! This is ruthless from Spurs. They go short when a mix-up at the back hands them a corner, staying patient before Ndombele collects in the area. He dances into space with smart footwork and then wrongfoots Allsop to add the fourth.,1

Davies was the only Tottenham man to keep his place and now goes down in the closing minutes. Rodon is on for the stand-in skipper.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! NDOMBELE! THAT'LL DO IT! 3-1 Spurs! Tottenham quickly set off on another attack and Son cuts inside, ignoring Kane's pleas for a pass, and finds Ndombele. Allsop has strayed from his line and a cute first-time finish finds the net.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! WINKS MIGHT HAVE WON IT! 2-1 Tottenham! Ndombele finds Kane in the area and Wycombe are scrambling to recover, with Allsop blocking an initial effort and his defender clearing when the ball is played back across the face of goal. It falls for Winks, though, and the midfielder is so cool, calmly picking out the empty net from 20 yards.,1

Lamela is off for Ndombele, whose introduction in this situation is evidence enough of his rising stock at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.,0

Bloomfield took a kick from Carlos Vinicius earlier in the second half and will now make way, with McCleary introduced.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! BALE GETS IT! 1-1! The winger has missed a couple of big opportunities in this first half but directs the ball beyond Allsop from Moura's teasing cross. That is a crucial equaliser on the stroke of half-time.,1

Jacobson attempted to battle on but is now going to have to make way. Charles replaces the set-piece specialist.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! ONYEDINMA! WYCOMBE LEAD SPURS! 1-0! Wycombe's physicality is causing Tottenham real problems in the box and Ikpeazu brilliantly holds off Alderweireld to fire in a low cross. Sanchez gets a touch but directs the ball clear only as far as the onrushing Onyedinma, who sweeps in. Big goal!,1

As Bayern attempt to break Khedira away downfield, Khedira takes a booking for his blatant shirt-pull on Gravenberch.,2

After putting in a strong shift, Ryerson takes some warm applause from the fans and makes way for Giesselmann.,0

Overstretching in an attempt to win back the ball, Gravenberch rakes his studs across Ryerson's shins and is shown a yellow card, not long after coming on.,2

Nagelsmann opts for a double substitution to aid his side's search for a winner. First, the youthful Musiala makes way for wily veteran Muller.,0

Kimmich is penalised for another foul - this time on Thorsby, who he slices through with an ill-judged late challenge. He receives the game's first yellow card.,2

BAYERN BACK LEVEL! Just minutes after falling behind, the champions equalise! Kimmich kept a clear head to drive his low shot through a thicket of bodies and into the net, in the aftermath of a corner. Already, it's 1-1 in Berlin - this could be a cracker!,1

UNION GO ONE UP! Drifting in at the back post, and planting a perfectly placed side-foot volley past Neuer into the bottom corner, Becker puts Union ahead! Trimmel picked out the hosts' top scorer, who calmly steered the ball home. Bayern are on the back foot: it's 1-0 to Die Eisernen!,1

The yellow card is out again, and this time it's Juanfran who finds himself on the receiving end after stretching and catching Guardiola with a slightly late challenge.,2

Angel picks up the ball midway inside the Atletico half of the pitch and is immediately fouled from behind by Saul, who receives a yellow card - much to the delight of the home fans!,2

RED CARD! Getare are down to 10 men! Alejo has barely been on the pitch for four minutes but he's already been given his marching orders. He flew into Saul and caught the midfielder with a high challenge, leaving the referee with no choice but to reach for his pocket.,3

GOAL! Atletico have doubled their lead! A beautiful team move is finished by Lemar, who rounds Soria and pokes the ball into the back of the net from the near post. That really was brilliantly worked by Simeone's men!,1

The referee has reached to his pocket for the first time today, and it's Suarez who has received a yellow card for a mistimed challenge.,2

Greenwood is withdrawn after the vital contribution today. Dalot replaces the forward for the closing minutes.,0

Silva comes on for the home side in the final third to replace Traore, who has been sensational today.,0

Saiss goes into the book for dissent after Wolves are awarded a free-kick. The home side are losing their composure here.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! GREENWOOD FIRES UNITED AHEAD!!!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Greenwood surges in from the right flank and fires a low strike through Sa into the bottom-left corner. Neves loses out in a 50/50 to Pogba before United spread the ball wide as Varane picks out Greenwood. The forward blitzes past Marcal before hammering a low effort into the back of the net. Sa gets a hand to it, but he should do a lot better. Wolves are not happy about not being awarded a foul, but the goal stands.,1

Sancho has had a tough afternoon. He has not offered much in the final third. Martial replaces the forward.,0

Trincao has lacked a clinical edge today. He has had some bright moments, but has now been withdrawn for Podence.,0

Cavani enters the fray for the first time in the campaign. He replaces James, which will likely see Greenwood move out to the right flank.,0

Fernandes goes into the book for dissent after disagreeing with referee Mike Dean's decision about a Wolves' free-kick.,2

Laimer, who won the Leipzig penalty, has gone off with a shoulder injury. Forsberg comes on to replace him.,0

Nagelsmann makes another switch. Schick heads off, replaced in attack by Denmark international Poulsen.,0

Nkunku is booked for pulling Lo Celso's shirt. The free-kick is in a very dangerous position, to the right of centre and about 25 yards out.,2

GOAL! Leipzig lead 1-0, Werner from the spot! He steps up confidently and drills a right-footed effort hard into the bottom-left corner. Lloris guesses right but can't get a touch to it. Super penalty - and an away goal.,1

Davies is booked for his foul on Laimer in the area, with the Leipzig man receiving some treatment from the medical staff.,2

Winks knocks Laimer to the ground and scarpers off with the ball. Werner then pushes him to the ground and is booked, much to his and his teammates' annoyance.,2

Aurier gives the ball away to Sabitzer near the halfway line, and Lo Celso is booked for hacking him down to prevent the counter.,2

GOAL!! LUKAKU HAS SURELY WON IT FOR INTER! It's a great penalty, lashed into the bottom-left corner with Skorupski diving the wrong way. It's 2-1 to Inter now!,1

Sansone is off for Santander, the man who scored the only goal in the last meeting between these two in February.,0

GOAL!! LUKAKU LEVELS THE SCORES! Brozovic's cross causes plenty of problems and Skriniar lashes a shot at goal that Skorupski saves superbly from close range! However, it's parried to Lukaku at the back post who makes no mistake and buries the ball in the net! It's 1-1!,1

Gagliardini is shown a yellow card following his substitution as he walks onto the pitch as he walks around the ground to the bench.,2

Conte does make that change and it is Gagliardini who makes way for Vecino in the centre of the park.,0

GOAL!! BOLOGNA TAKE THE LEAD! A wonderful, flowing move was started and finished by Soriano, who struck a fierce effort that took a deflection off De Vrij and flew past Handanovic! It's 1-0 to Bologna!,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! UNITED ON THE BREAK!! 2-0!! In off the post from Garnacho and that's the game for United! Wolves throw bodies forward looking for the equaliser and they are scrambling when the ball is turned over. Fernandes slides through Garnacho, who show great composure, driving into the box before curling his effort round Bentley and in off the post.,1

Fred shows good footwork to jink past Dawson, who brings him down on the edge of the box and is shown a yellow card.,2

Cunha gets past a couple of United players but is eventually brought down by Casemiro, who is shown the hosts' first yellow of the game.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!! UNITED AHEAD!! 1-0!! Antony spurned an opportunity just a moment ago, but he makes up for it with an assist and United lead through Martial. The ball is turned over on the halfway line and United can break. Fernandes gets his head up well to slide through Antony, who draws the attention of Bentley before sliding the ball across goal to Martial, who makes no mistake and slams the ball into the empty net.,1

Costa, clearly not happy with how much Antony has been getting on the ball, decides to take matters into his own hands. But it is an awful challenge from the striker, and he receives the game's first yellow card.,2

It's a poor late challenge by Inui on Vidal, with the Barca man getting to the ball first and Inui is shown a yellow card.,2

Alvarez is booked for a challenge on Messi as the striker ran through on goal and was about to break into the penalty area.,2

Eibar also make their final change, with Charles coming off the pitch, to be replaced up front by Kike.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Suarez makes it 3-0! That will surely be all three points secured for Barcelona now. Griezmann turns and plays a lovely ball in behind the Eibar defence, Messi races through on goal and only has the keeper to beat, but decides to square it to Suarez, who easily slots the ball into the back of an empty net.,1

Eibar have made their first substitution of the game, with Pedro Leon coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Exposito.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Barcelona double their lead, it's 2-0! Messi with the goal after excellent play between Suarez, Griezmann and Messi. Suarez quickly plays the ball to Griezmann, who appears to line up the shot for himself, but instead he flicks it sideways to Messi, who then coolly slides the ball into the bottom corner of the net.,1

Diop is shown the first yellow card of the game, for his late challenge on De Jong. It's a late one from the midfielder and despite his protests, he is booked.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Barcelona lead, it's 1-0! Griezmann with the opening goal, after a lovely ball over the top of the Eibar defence by Lenglet. De Blasis slips as he turns and tries to chase the ball, which sees Griezmann then run through on goal and slide the ball into the back of the net, off the inside of the post.,1

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 1-3 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION! Ward-Prowse quickly makes amends for his miss by slotting the rebound into the empty net. Southampton at least have a consolation goal.,1

Sanchez gets booked for some unsportsmanlike antics before the penalty is taken. Less of that please.,2

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-3 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION! March almost certainly seals the win for Brighton with a stunning strike from distance! The Englishman gets the ball from Veltman, cuts in on his left foot and fires past Bazunu from outside the D.,1

Southampton need to make changes and do. The former Rangers man Aribo comes on first, replacing Djenepo.,0

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-1 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION! Lallana hands Brighton the lead! The former Saints man works the ball out wide to March, who fizzes in a left-footed cross, and darts into the box to plant a header past Bazunu.,1

Lopetegui makes Sevilla's second change of the game now and it's Hernandez that's coming on to replace De Jong.,0

NOW THEY'VE EQUALISED! There's no doubt about it this time as the ball hits the back of the net. Morata rises highest at the far post to get on the end of Arias' cross and head it past Vaclik to score for Atletico. 1-1!,1

Lopetegui makes his first change of the game now with Torres coming off the pitch to be replaced by Jordan.,0

There's a double change at the start of the second half for Atletico. First to make way is Lemar and he's replaced by Costa. ,0

Torres is now booked after he catches Trippier with a high challenge as the defender is clearing the ball.,2

The yellow card is out again now and this time it's Vazquez that it's shown to for a bad foul on Lemar.,2

SEVILLA LEAD! It was a good free-kick into the box and Vazquez was left unmarked on the edge of the area and headed his effort through the gap in the crowd of players ahead of him and past Oblak. The keeper will be disappointed though as he got a hand to it. 1-0 Sevilla!,1

Acuna hands Atletico a late free-kick down their right, unwisely tackling Correa. The Sevilla left-back's cautioned.,2

Koke's booked for his reaction to Reinildo's poor tackle on Navas. Lopetegui's also waved away by the referee!,2

Mir's booked for a reckless challenge. Sevilla could go on to win this, if they play their cards right.,2

En-Nesyri's booked for his excessive celebration of his goal. You can't blame him, given the potential importance of it.,2

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-1 SEVILLA! En-Nesyri grabs the goal that could secure Sevilla's Champions League qualification! Atletico don't fully clear Sevilla's latest corner, and the Moroccan arrives from deep to nod in Torres' teasing cross from the right.,1

Gudelj is booked for clipping the foot of Correa. The Serbian will miss Sevilla's last league game of the season.,2

Suarez's number is up, both in this game and in an Atletico shirt at Wanda Metropolitano. The Uruguayan leaves the pitch to be replaced by Cunha.,0

The referee approaches Atletico's bench and books the unused substitute Hermoso for his comments on the free-kick.,2

GOAL! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 SEVILLA! Gimenez gives Atletico the lead right on the half hour! The Atletico centre-back connects with Carrasco's corner at the near post, peeling away from his marker to power a header past Bounou.,1

Stindl is handed the first yellow card of the match after a strong challenge in the middle of midfield. ,2

GOAAAALLL - BAYERN 1-2 GLADBACH - WHAT ON EARTH IS HAPPENING!!! Bayern's lead has vanished in five minutes, and Nagelsmann's side only has themselves to blame. Lainer met Netz's corner at the near post, and Bayern's defence went to sleep, allowing the midfielder to fire his header into the far corner. ,1

GOAAALLL - BAYERN 1-1 GLADBACH - From absolutely nowhere, Gladbach are level at the Allianz Arena. Bayern failed to clear what looked like a simple cross, with Kimmich's weak flick falling at the feet of Neuhaus. The Gladbach midfielder watched the ball come across his body before drilling it through the legs of Ulreich. ,1

GOAAALLL - BAYERN 1-0 GLADBACH - Who else? Lewandowski scores Bayern's first goal of 2022 and continues his sensational run in the Bundesliga. The Poland international collected Muller's pass inside the Gladbach box before turning his marker and he then smashed the ball into the net at the near post. The power behind the shot meant Sommer had no chance, and it is no less than Bayern deserve.  ,1

Calvert-Lewin is brought off for youngster Gordon as Ancelotti looks to maintain the visitors' 2-0 lead.,0

Fuchs is booked for his tackle on Richarlison, both for stopping the counter-attack and the high foot.,2

GOALLL!! 2-0 EVERTON! Everton's captain, Sigurdsson, takes the corner and a scramble ensues inside the area. Keane’s initial header gets saved, Calvert-Lewin then hits the bar before Holgate volleys home with his left foot inside the six-yard area.,1

For the second time this half, Barnes is chopped down to stop a counter-attack. This time, it is substitute Gomes who goes into Mason's book for his tactical foul.,2

Under, who had been relatively ineffective in this game, is the first Leicester substitute of the game as he is replaced by Perez.,0

Everton's other full-back, Godfrey, quickly follows Holgate into the book for another cynical foul, this time on Maddison in a similar area of the pitch.,2

Holgate receives Everton's first booking of the game as he tactically fouls Barnes to stop the Leicester man from attacking through the middle.,2

GOALLL! 1-0 EVERTON! Iwobi steers a pass out to Richarlison, who cuts in on his right foot under relatively little pressure from Justin. The Brazilian, from the edge of the area, then unleashes a low right-footed effort into the far corner of Schmeichel’s goal. Despite the Danish goalkeeper getting a strong hand onto the effort, he cannot keep it out and immediately appears frustrated with himself.,1

Mendy receives the first booking of the game for cynically dragging down Allan in the middle of the park, after the Brazilian had escaped the Leicester man's initial pressure.,2

De Zerbi throws Marlos on for Patrick in midfield, still searching for a winner as the final whistle approaches.,0

Inzaghi throws a fresh pair of legs on in midfield, replacing Vecino with Gagliardini for the closing stages.,0

Dumfries hauls Mudryk down by his shirt as the substitute scampered away from him in extremely cynical fashion and earns a deserved yellow card.,2

De Zerbi makes a surprising substitution, replacing the lively Solomon with Mudryk for the final 12 minutes plus stoppage time.,0

The second change of the pair sees Dzeko replaced up front by Correa as Inzaghi adds fresh legs to the forward line.,0

Inzaghi wastes no time in bringing new faces on in search of a winning goal. Holding midfielder Brozovic is the first to come off, with attacking midfielder Calhanoglu replacing him.,0

Traore is stretchered off the field after several minutes of medical attention, with Tete coming on to replace the striker.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! It just had to be him!!! A wonderfully calm clearing pass from Mendes rolls straight to Messi, who flicks the ball forward first-time. Mbappe runs clear of the chasing pack to meet it, and round the advancing Bizot before slotting into an empty net! 2-1 to PSG as the clock strikes 90, as Brest's resistance is finally broken!,1

Zaire-Emery is next off for PSG, with the teenager replaced in midfield by Renato Sanches, who made a name for himself as a teenager back in 2016!,0

Belkebla shouldn't have reacted as he did regardless of the challenge from Mbappe, and the Brest midfielder is also shown a yellow card.,2

Fadiga picked up an injury attempting to stop that run and shot from Mendes, and is forced off, with Christophe Herelle replacing him.,0

PSG's sole goalscorer Soler is the next player withdrawn by Christophe Galtier, who looks for a bit more presence up front in the form of Hugo Ekitike.,0

Del Castillo's dynamic running and clever passes have caused PSG problems on the break all game, and Felix Lemarechal comes on hoping to provide more of the same.,0

Mounie comes off in Brest's first alteration, and the striker is replaced up front by top-scorer Jeremy Le Douaron.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Brest equalise, and what a goal to do so!!! The hosts win the ball in their own box, and Lees-Melou does brilliantly to turn out of trouble and find Del Castillo. His long pass is met superbly by Honorat, who takes the ball beyond Ramos and slots past Donnarumma! A lightning-quick breakaway from Brest, that locks the scoreboard up at 1-1!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! PSG take the lead!!! Mbappe tries a shot from 25 yards which is parried by Bizot, who can't rather the ball before Soler arrives to smash the ball in off the underside of the bar! The visitors take a deserved 1-0 lead, and it's from a player who had already hit the woodwork earlier in the game!,1

No surprise, but that is a booking for Elliott after he joins the Liverpool supporters who have made the trip down. The Reds have turned this one around superbly.,2

GOAL! LIVERPOOL SEIZE A LATE LEAD! 2-1! Smash-and-grab hysteria from the Reds as Robertson sinks an almighty one-two play to put his side in front! Sa botches a kick straight to the defender, who plays Salah down the right, before the forward cuts the ball back in for the former to finish at close-range!,1

It is Gakpo's last act too, as Liverpool make their second change of the game. He is replaced by Nunez.,0

GOAL! LIVERPOOL LEVEL THINGS UP! 1-1! The equaliser felt more likely than a second for Wolves, and so it tells. Salah cuts a path around the right edge of the box, and tips the low ball through, with Gakpo there to tuck home at the left post. Game on!,1

GOAL! WOLVES SEIZE THE LEAD! 1-0! Just like that, Molineux erupts! The hosts turn defence into attack and break down the left flank. Neto snakes his way through a line of defenders, and squares across the six-yard area to find Hwang, who pushes it in at the far post!,1

An early booking at Molineux, with Mac Allister cited four minutes in. He misplaces a pass, picked off by the Wolves midfield, and is then shown a yellow card for bringing down Cunha.,2

Joelinton insists that he can remain on the pitch, but Howe takes the decision out of his hands with the EFL Cup final in mind. Ritchie comes on to replace him in the middle of the park.,0

Almiron brings down Salah on the charge on the edge of the box. Liverpool have a free-kick in a dangerous position and the Newcastle forward goes into the book.,2

Dubravka enters the action to replace Pope in goal. Anderson is the outfield player that has to be withdrawn.,0

RED CARD! A nightmare for Newcastle as Pope races out of his box and fails to clear the ball with his feet. He handles the ball to prevent Salah scoring and the referee is left with no choice but to send him on his way. The dismissal rules him out of the EFL Cup final next week.,3

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! GAKPO MAKES IT TWO!!!!! LIVERPOOL 2-0!!!! The Reds cut open Newcastle at the back with a brilliant move, which is finished on the slide by Gakpo. Salah arcs an incisive pass over the top of the Newcastle defence. Gakpo times his run to perfection and sticks out his right boot to slot the ball under Pope.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NUNEZ BLASTS LIVERPOOL IN FRONT!!!!! 1-0!!!! The visitors take the lead as Nunez produces a clinical finish with a right-footed blast. Alexander-Arnold floats a perfect ball over the top for Nunez and he takes a brilliant touch on his left foot, chests it down before smashing his effort past Pope. A fine goal from the forward.,1

Ajax make their last few changes. Berghuis goes off. This game could have been very different had he scored early on. Conceicao replaces him.,0

Liverpool make three changes, starting by replacing one youngster with another. Carvalho comes on for Elliott.,0

GOAL! AJAX 0-3 LIVERPOOL! Game over. Salah sends Elliott running through on goal, and the young midfielder fires past Pasveer into the top right corner.,1

GOAL! AJAX 0-2 LIVERPOOL! It's a simple one. Pasveer pushes Robertson's cross out for a corner which the Scot takes. Nunez gets across his man to power in the header. Ajax look down and out.,1

GOAL! AJAX 0-1 LIVERPOOL! The Dutch champions give the ball away in their own half and the visitors capitalise! Henderson plays a precision pass into the path of Salah who pokes it past the onrushing Pasveer at the first time of asking.,1

Antonio loses possession dangerously on the halfway line and rushes back to foul Jimenez to stop the attack. The referee shows him a yellow card and Fabianski claims the deep free-kick.,2

GOALLL! SOUCEK! 1-0. West Ham take the lead. Cresswell finds Antonio near the byline and the striker pokes it across goal, where Soucek is on hand to nudge it in from close range!,1

There's a triple change for Venezia now as well. Ebuehi is the first to make way, with Mazzocchi on for him.,0

Juventus are making a triple change as they look to try and find a late winner. Jorge, who came on for the injured Dybala in the first half, goes off for Kean.,0

Ampadu, who was booked just over a minute ago, caught Cuadrado with a late challenge and some of the Juve players are asking why he hasn't been shown a second. Zanetti does the smart thing by taking him off, and Tessmann is on in his place. ,0

Ampadu was late with a challenge earlier on in Juventus' attack, so the referee takes it back and shows him a yellow card.,2

Bernardeschi is late with his challenge on Kiyine, and he isn't happy with the referee when he's shown a yellow card. ,2

Venezia are making their first change of the game. It's Johnsen that's going off, with Kiyine on in his place. ,0

ARAMU EQUALISES! It's been coming for Venezia! Johnsen couldn't bring the ball down and Haps pulls it back to Aramu before Locatelli can close him down. He sets himself and hits the shot first time from the edge of the D, curling it out of Szczesny's reach and in at the near post. 1-1! ,1

Morata would've been away if Caldara hadn't dragged him back on the halfway line. He can have no complaints as he's shown a yellow card.,2

It's a late one from Modolo as he steps on Jorge's foot, completely missing the ball. He gives away a free-kick and is shown a yellow card.,2

MORATA SCORES! Pellegrini puts a brilliant cross into the six-yard box and Morata gets in front of his defender to get on the end of it. He flicks it past Romero at the near post and the keeper can't react quick enough to keep it out. VAR has a check to see if there was a handball in the build-up, but they can't see anything and the goal stands. 1-0 Juve! ,1

Pellegrini slides in on Henry and takes out the forward's standing leg. He's protesting his innocence but is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Dybala's game is coming to an early end here. He's picked up an injury and makes his way off, with 19-year-old Jorge on for him.,0

GOALLLL!! BREMEN PULL ONE BACK TO MAKE IT 3-1! Sarr plays every single attacker onside and Rashica races through on goal after Sargent's throughball from inside his own half. Neuer saves the initial effort but parries straight to the feet of Fullkrug who taps-in to an open goal from inside the area. Neuer appears annoyed with himself as he feels he should have done better with the first effort.,1

Choupo-Moting comes on for Lewandowski, who scored the third goal but he could have arguably had a hat-trick here if it wasn't for the post.,0

Sane gets an opportunity in the last 10 minutes, coming on for Gnabry, who scored Bayern's second goal here.,0

Sargent lunges into a slide tackle, catching Kimmich late on the ankle and unsurprisingly the American becomes the first name in referee Grafe's book.,2

GOOOALLLL!! 3-0 BAYERN! Lewandowski finally beats Pavlenka with the simplest of tap-ins inside the six-yard area. Initially, Kimmich’s corner smashed into the head of Goretzka and fell to the feet of the Polish striker, via a deflection off the knee of Augustinsson. VAR has a quick check for handball against Goretzka before confirming the goal can stand.,1

Kohfeldt isn't hanging about as he makes a triple change. Agu is the first man on the pitch, replacing right wing-back Gebre Selassie.,0

GOOOOALLLL! 2-0 BAYERN! Some intricate passing in and around Bremen’s area sees Muller bring down Kimmich’s pass and feed through Gnabry to the left of goal. Gnabry makes no mistakes this time, drilling a low right-footed strike past Pavlenka and into the far corner to double the visitors’ lead.,1

GOOOOOALLLLL!!! 1-0 BAYERN! Kimmich whips an in swinging corner to the near post, where Muller wins the first header, flicking towards the back post. Goretzka finds himself unmarked, latching onto Muller’s initial header to power his own header into the top right corner past Pavlenka. Toprak and Sargent seem to be arguing about whose man it was but nevertheless Bayern lead.,1

Cards, cards and more cards. It is not for a birthday celebration, though, and instead for Barcelona's chaotic Champions League exit. Lopez is cautioned for a petulant kick in midfield and this is game over, perhaps much to referee Kovacs' relief.,2

Raphinha is cautioned for attempting to take the free-kick from a more advantageous position. The referee almost threatens a second yellow card in quick succession for his reaction, but opts against it.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAALLLLLLLL! PSG ARE GOING TO THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE SEMI-FINALS! After Donnarumma turns over his crossbar at one end, the visitors hit on the counter-attack. Ter Stegen denies Mbappe and Asensio in quick succession but a woeful clearance from Kounde offers another chance. The Barcelona full-back prods straight back to Mbappe, who drills a left-footed strike into the bottom-right corner from near the six-yard box. A frantic 60 seconds come to an end, with PSG leading 4-1 in the second leg and 6-4 on aggregate. Game over.,1

Marquinhos celebrates as if he's scored the winning goal after blocking Lewandowski's right-footed strike out for a corner. That intervention means Dembele can be removed for Kolo Muani.,0

Unsurprisingly, Donnarumma is booked for wasting time after taking an age over a goal-kick. That was almost a customary caution for the PSG goalkeeper as the visitors defend their slender lead.,2

Cancelo, who felled Dembele for Mbappe's seemingly decisive penalty, comes off for Joao Felix. Barcelona are throwing everything at this one.,0

Another PSG change comes as Ugarte replaces the industrious Zaire-Emery, who was one of three teenage starters in this clash.,0

Luis Enrique makes his first alterations, sending on Lee for Barcola in what appears to be a defensive double change.,0

Gundogan is cautioned, perhaps for his simulation efforts and appeals for a penalty or for his reaction after the decision was not given.,2

Marquinhos is the next to see a yellow card after clattering into Lewandowski in an aerial duel. This is utter carnage, and referee Kovacs is at the centre of it!,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! PSG GO AHEAD ON AGGREGATE! What a comeback from the visitors, who take full advantage of Araujo’s red card to make it 3-1 in the second leg and 5-4 on aggregate. Mbappe is so cool from the penalty spot, whipping a right-footed effort into the top-left corner. Ter Stegen goes the right way but cannot get anywhere near an incredible spot-kick. The home crowd are silence and Luis Enrique’s side may have one foot in the semi-final.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! PSG LEAD THE SECOND LEG! Just like that, it is all square at 4-4 in this quarter-final tie as the visitors make it 2-1 in the game. Dembele goes short from a right-sided corner to Hakimi, who swiftly offloads inside. Vitinha has all the time in the world outside the area, caressing a dipping right-footed strike low into the bottom-left corner. Ter Stegen has no chance and the Ligue 1 champions are in control!,1

Lewandowski catches Hernandez with a stretching arm in an aerial duel and the referee is quick to caution the Barcelona striker.,2

The cards continue to flow as Fabian is the next cautioned following a late arm to the face of Pedri. The Spaniard makes the most of the foul but his international colleague can have no complaints.,2

Martinez and Mbappe scuffle as PSG look to get the ball out of the net following Dembele's leveller. The Barcelona centre-back is cautioned.,2

For his part in the altercation with Martinez, Mbappe is also shown a yellow card for his troubles after Dembele's strike.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLL! PSG LEVEL THE SECOND LEG! That will quieten the home crowd as Dembele strikes against his former side to make it 1-1 in this game and 4-3 on aggregate. Barcola slams a low cross from the left towards the near post. Mbappe cannot lunge and reach it, but Dembele is there to hammer home a right-footed strike into the roof of the net! A great finish.,1

An interesting decision. Yamal is sacrificed after Araujo's red card. The Barcelona teenager teed up Raphinha's opener but makes way for the introduction of Martinez, who will now cover at centre-back for the 10-man Blaugrana.,0

RED CARD FOR ARAUJO! This could turn the tie on its head. Barcelona look comfortable before a throughball catches the defence off-guard. Barcola sprints towards the area before Araujo bundles him over by tripping the PSG winger up. The Barcelona centre-back gets his marching orders after a VAR check sticks with the on-field decision!,3

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! BARCELONA STRIKE FIRST! The Blaugrana are 4-2 up on aggregate after hitting against the run of play to make it 1-0 in this second leg. Yamal takes over down the right wing, controlling Araujo’s diagonal pass before drifting past Mendes. The Barcelona youngster drills a low right-footed cross towards the near post from the byline, and Raphinha cannot miss from point-blank range. The Brazilian takes the credit but Yamal stole the show there!,1

GOALLL! KOLO MUANI SCORES AGAIN! 9-0 PSG! Kolo Muani was quiet for most of the match when he was on the left, but has been lively up front. He bursts into the middle to get on the end of a pass from Pereira and goes around Garcia before scoring into an open net.,1

GOALLL! NDOUR SCORES! 8-0 PSG! What a strike from Ndour. PSG are playing at a very relaxed pace, with Mbappe collecting possession on the edge of the box before casually laying it off to Ndour. He takes a touch out of his feet and curls a reverse shot into the top-left corner.,1

Ritter claps the crowd as he comes off the pitch and is greeted with a warm embrace from head coach Gine. Serre is given the last few minutes to try and prove himself against the Ligue 1 giants.,0

GOALLL! KOLO MUANI SCORES! 7-0 PSG! Another great move from PSG! Mukiele rushes down the right to get onto the end of a pass from Asensio and he surges towards the byline. He looks for Mbappe with a low cross, but it goes all the way over to Kolo Muani, who thumps it in from close range.,1

Zahil scored in the last two rounds of the Coupe de France, but he couldn't add a third goal to his name against PSG. Rguig is now on.,0

There is an immense sense of pride from the Revel fans, with every player given a phenomenal reception as they make their way off the pitch. This time Vaysset is on for Ouhafsa.,0

GOALLL! RAMOS SCORES! 6-0 PSG! Ramos won the penalty and takes responsibility from the spot. He takes a short run-up before thumping his effort into the top-left corner, with Garica diving the other way.,1

Piovesan is also given the chance to make an impression on the big stage against PSG. Palacios is off.,0

Revel make their first change. Calmettes claps the fans and thumps the badge on his way off the pitch. He is replaced by Gregorio.,0

PSG make their first change. Beraldo had a quiet outing on the left side of the defence and is now being replaced by Ethan Mbappe, who will share the pitch with brother Kylian Mbappe.,0

GOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR MBAPPE! 5-0 PSG! Mbappe and Ramos combine quickly down the wing before the ball rolls through to Asensio on the left side of the box. He could shoot but rolls it across to Mbappe, who taps his effort into an empty net.,1

GOALLLL! MBAPPE SCORES! 4-0 PSG! Soler has possession just outside the box and he chips a pass into Asensio. The ball is a bit high for the midfielder, but he sends a clever flick across to Mbappe, who heads his effort into the top corner.,1

GOALLL! ASENSIO SCORES! 3-0 PSG! That should be game over in the first half! Soler has possession in the middle of Revel's half, and he slots a throughball down the right and into the path of Asensio. He controls the ball well inside the box and curls a left-footed strike into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLL! MBAPPE SCORES! 1-0 PSG! The away side take the lead! Soler has possession just outside of the box on the left and he slots a pass to Mbappe. He takes a touch and rolls a low effort across the goal and into the bottom-left corner.,1

OFF! Acuna is sent off for the hosts for his second bookable offence for timewasting at a throw-in. In bizarre circumstances he still tries to take the throw-in, but the referee sends him on his way.,3

Montiel wins the ball in a good challenge and raids forward before being pulled back by Danilo. The defender is booked.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LAMELA HEADS SEVILLA IN FRONT!!!! 2-1!!!!!!! The home side take the lead in the tie as Lamela rises to plant a header past Szczesny. Gil does well down the left to carve out room for a cross into the middle. Lamela times his run to perfection and steers his header low and hard into the bottom-left corner. The Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan erupts.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SUSO SCORES A STUNNER!!! 1-1!!!!! Sevilla are back in the game as Suso curls a sublime left-footed strike into the top-left corner. Juve fail to clear their lines at the back and Lamela forces an offload to Suso under pressure. The midfielder finds space for a strike and bends his effort away from Szczesny into the back of the net. A super shot.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! VLAHOVIC PUTS JUVE AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The substitute makes an immediate impact as he clips the ball over Bounou into the back of the net. Sevilla fail to deal with a simple ball forward and Vlahovic gets the better of Bade in the box. He holds his composure to lift his effort over the onrushing Sevilla keeper to break the deadlock. A crucial goal in the tie.,1

GRIEZMANN GIVES ATLETICO THE LEAD AGAIN! It was messy in the box as the Valladolid defenders threw their bodies on the line to try and prevent the goal and Griezmann is found on the edge of the six-yard box. His shot is hit low into the bottom corner. It's 3-2 to Atletico!,1

Luis pulls up as he tries to chase down the ball following the restart and he is quickly replaced by Thomas.,0

VALLADOLID HAVE A GOAL BACK! Another corner for the home side is met by Calero in the middle of the six-yard box. Oblak does get a hand to it, but he can't stop it from sneaking into the goal. 2-1!,1

2-0 ATLETICO! Griezmann takes a short run up to the spot and calmly hits the penalty with a lot of power into the top right corner of the net!,1

KALINIC PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD! The away side had started to find a lot more joy going forward and he makes a great diagonal run across the box to meet the ball and hits his shot through Masip's legs to find the back of the net. 1-0 Atletico!,1

RED CARD! Nyom is given a straight red! Oblak had launched the ball towards Sanchez on the left before Nyom clattered in to the full-back’s head with a high foot. Lahoz deems the challenge was too dangerous for his liking and instantly makes his mind up. Getafe’s defender may get in further trouble after the game as well as he aggressively got in the face of the referee following his decision.,3

Simeone opts for fresh legs with Lemar replacing Correa, who has been efficient in midfield in this game.,0

GOALLLL!!!! 2-0 ATLETICO! Vitolo is released with a throughball over the halfway line, he seems to hesitate in the box before stabbing a pass towards the penalty spot which Thomas runs on to and slams the ball in to the bottom right corner. Soria managed to get a hand to the shot but Thomas’ effort was far too powerful from close range.,1

Saul, who has just been booked, is replaced by Thomas in midfield as Simeone looks to protect their 1-0 lead.,0

Saul is shown a yellow card for his aerial challenge in the middle of the park. That seems a bit harsh on first viewing.,2

Olivera is changed for Jason, which also signifies a change in personnel for Getafe's midfield as Nyom drops back to right-back.,0

GOALLLLL!!! 1-0 ATLETICO and it is that man Llorente of course! Carrasco goes roaming down the left wing and beats a couple of defenders before the ball falls to Llorente, who turns away from Timor and wrong-foots Soria from 20 yards out with a placed shot in to the bottom right corner. VAR has a long look at it but decides there was no infringement in the initial play and the goal stands.,1

Di Lorenzo walks off to get the applause from his supporters. Zanoli trots onto the pitch for Napoli.,0

GOAL! AJAX 1-6 NAPOLI! This has become an astonishing rout! Ndombele finds Simeone with a sumptuous first-time flick and the substitute fires high into the centre of the net. Ajax have given up.,1

RED CARD FOR TADIC! The Ajax captain picks up his second yellow card for using his arm to muscle over Olivera. Things are going from bad to worse for the hosts!,3

Raspadori's assist is his last act of the match. He'll be content with his two goals. Simeone comes on for Napoli.,0

GOAL! AJAX 1-5 NAPOLI! This is a five-star performance from Napoli! Kvaratskhelia gets his name on the scoresheet, playing a one-two with Raspadori to bustle into the box and finish right-footed past Pasveer. A few Ajax fans are making for the exits.,1

GOAL! AJAX 1-4 NAPOLI! What a horrible goal for Ajax to concede! Pasveer plays a lax pass straight to Anguissa. The Cameroonian moves it on immediately to Raspadori, who slots past the despairing goalkeeper for his second goal of the game.,1

GOAL! AJAX 1-3 NAPOLI! Ajax get caught upfield and pay the price for it! Anguissa's throughball sends Zielinski scampering through on goal. The Polish international fires powerfully past Pasveer, who gets a hand to the shot but can't keep it out.,1

GOAL! AJAX 1-2 NAPOLI! Di Lorenzo doesn't miss with his header this time, nodding Kvaratskhelia's cross into the top-left corner of the net! Napoli have come from behind to lead!,1

GOAL! AJAX 1-1 NAPOLI! Napoli equalise! Olivera has the time to pick out Raspadori with a cross towards the far post. The winger guides his header from the right of the six-yard box back across goal into the bottom-left corner!,1

GOAL! AJAX 1-0 NAPOLI! Bergwijn plays a one-two with Taylor to burst into the box and cut the ball back for his team-mate. Taylor's shot is blocked and lands for Kudus, who manages to bundle home from very close range!,1

GOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 1-3 CHELSEA! Felix seals the win for Chelsea with a simple goal! Sterling dribbles into the box and squares the ball for the Portugal forward, who calmly slots it home.,1

Christie is the next Bournemouth player to go off. The Cherries bring on their Ghanaian striker Semenyo.,0

GOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 1-2 CHELSEA! Solanke's mistake has proven costly! Badiashile high-kicks Ziyech's floated delivery towards goal. It's straight at Neto but too powerful for the Bournemouth captain to keep out of the net!,1

Chelsea's long-serving club captain Azpilicueta replaces Chilwell, who seems to have gone off as a precautionary measure.,0

Badiashile slides into a tackle and catches Ouattara, who cannot jump out of the way in time. The Frenchman is booked for the challenge.,2

Chelsea launch one last attack before the break. Kante drives through the middle and gets taken out by Senesi, who is booked. The visitors take a quick free-kick, and the whistle blows for half-time.,2

GOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 1-1 CHELSEA! The hosts play pretty passing triangles through the middle for Christie to free Vina on the edge of the box. The Uruguayan shifts the ball onto his right foot and sends a curling shot past Kepa!,1

Mudryk bursts into the box from the left and goes down too easily under Smith's challenge for referee John Brooks' liking. The Ukrainian is booked for diving.,2

GOAL! BOURNEMOUTH 0-1 CHELSEA! Gallagher gets in between Senesi and Smith to latch onto Kante's cross from the right and divert a header into the far bottom corner of the net.,1

GOOOOOOAL! WEST HAM PULL ONE BACK TO MAKE IT 2-1! A slack Thomas pass allows Ings to feed Fornals down the left-hand channel. The Spaniard races inside before sliding a right-foot finish in off Iversen’s right post. The Hammers are back in the game!,1

Moyes sends on Cornet for Paqueta, who is serenaded by the travelling West Ham faithful as he departs.,0

Moyes has seen enough and makes a double change. The first of which sees Bowen replace Benrahma, who hit the post just minutes ago.,0

GOOOOOOOALLLL! 2-0 LEICESTER! After Barnes wins a free-kick on the left, Tielemans whips in towards the six-yard area. Faes gets in between two West Ham defenders and nods into the bottom-right corner. The Foxes extend their lead, but will it matter with Everton winning against Bournemouth?,1

GOOOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 LEICESTER! The King Power erupts as Barnes opens the scoring with a cool right-footed finish into the bottom-right corner. The winger exchanged a quick one-two with Iheanacho before rolling calmly past the helpless Fabianski. The Foxes are out of the relegation zone, at least temporarily!,1

GOAALLLL!! 1-1!! Vazquez reaches the byline and plays a low cross to the front post, where Duro miscues his strike and misses the ball entirely. Vinicius is behind his fellow substitute, however, to turn home with his right foot into the bottom left corner.,1

Alguacil opts for a defensive change as he sends on Sagnan for Gorosabel, who had been booked earlier in this half.,0

Gorosabel becomes the first booking of the game for cynically pulling Vinicius down after the Brazilian had beaten him down the left-hand side.,2

Duro is Zidane's third part of a triple change as he replaces Mariano meaning none of the starting attackers are now on the pitch.,0

On the other flank, Rodrygo comes on in place of Asensio, who nearly scored in the first half with a left-footed effort which Le Normand blocked behind.,0

GOALLLLL!!! 1-0 LA REAL!!! Portu arrives late at the back post, towering above Mendy to head past Courtois after getting on the end of Monreal’s left-footed cross. The forward’s header smashes into the crossbar and then bounces down over the line, leaving the Belgian goalkeeper with no chance to stop the effort.,1

And having finally scored in August in the top-flight of English football, Kane bows out with Harry Winks on for a late cameo.,0

Cyrus Christie, who made six appearances for Fulham in the Championship last year, is on for Bryan as the Cottagers make their second change.,0

KANE MAKES IT 3-1 FOR SPURS! The England captain gets in on the action and meets a lovely weighted pass from Lamela on the left-edge of the box, before he steps in off his outside foot, round two defenders and calmly slots it into the far-bottom corner before wheeling away in celebration. Tottenham are fully in control now.,1

TRIPPIER! A BRILLIANT FREE-KICK! SPURS RETAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! It's a bit of magic once more from the World Cup semi-finalist, who lifts the set-piece over the defensive wall and curls it below Fabri into the bottom-left corner. Sterling stuff from the Tottenham man.,1

Spurs win a free-kick around 25 yards out, in the centre-left channel after Zambo Anguissa fouls Dier. It's the last act for the Spurs man too; he is replaced by Erik Lamela.,0

MITROVIC WITH THE HEADER! FULHAM EQUALISE! 1-1! It's captain Cairney who starts the move for the visitors, crossing in for Sessegnon who sees his shot skewed under pressure from Vertonghen close to the right post - but neither the defenders nor Lloris can stop the Serbia international from tucking a diving header in at the left post. It's all square at Wembley as the hour approaches.,1

LUCAS MOURA! A LOVELY FINISH! SPURS LEAD 1-0! Trippier turns it in from the right wing, seeking Kane or Eriksen, but Chambers gets the touch instead. The ball rolls free, back to the right edge of the penalty area - and before Fulham can clear, the Brazil international pounces to sweep in an excellent shot, beating Fabri and pinging in off the left post. Tottenham finally get their lead, as half-time approaches.,1

Bowen drifts inside from the right and looks for options through the middle. He finds none, so chooses to run towards the box himself, but is stopped in his tracks by Fernandes, who clips him late and is booked as a result.,2

Eriksen comes off having seen his creativity fade somewhat in the second half, and Fred will come on for the hosts to see out this game.,0

Rashford knocks the ball beyond Kehrer and chases hard to spark the counter-attack, but he's held back by the Hammers' right-back, who is shown a yellow card for that tactical foul.,2

Downes is next off for West Ham, and Pablo Fornals is on, to hopefully add some more attacking verve to the number 10 position.,0

Shaw looks to beat Soucek down the left, but is body-checked and brought to ground by the West Ham midfielder, who is booked by the referee.,2

Elanga comes off in Manchester United's first change, and Scott McTominay will come into the centre of midfield for the hosts.,0

The booked Scamacca comes off for West Ham, and the Italian is replaced up front by Michail Antonio early in this second half.,0

One half-time change for the Hammers, with goalkeeper Fabianski coming off for Alphonse Areola. The Polish international took a slight head knock in the first half, suggesting the substitution was a cautionary one.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!! There it is!!! The hosts finally create a clear-cut chance, and Rashford is on hand to bury it!! Eriksen and Fernandes play a neat one-two on the edge of the box, and the former whips a peach of a cross into the back post. Rashford attacks the ball at pace to smash a header beyond Fabianski, and the ball nestles in the back of the net to make it 1-0 to Manchester United!,1

Rashford steps away from Scamacca near the far corner flag, but is clipped late by the West Ham striker, who is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

GOAL! Morata makes it 3-0! Hazard pokes a lovely pass into the Southampton penalty area and straight to Morata, who then pulls off a wonderful dinked finish to get the better of the onrushing McCarthy. Job done for Chelsea.,1

Ouch! Ings flies into Kovacic and catches the midfielder with a late sliding challenge, leaving the referee with no choice but to show him a yellow card.,2

Hojbjerg looks frustrated, and he's the latest name to go into the book for an awful challenge on Giroud.,2

Hazard embarks on a lovely weaving run down the left flank before being barged to the ground by Romeu, who leaves the referee with no choice but to book him.,2

The referee has reached for his yellow card once again, and this time it's Cedric who's on the receiving end for a cynical challenge as Chelsea try to push forward.,2

GOAL! It's a first Chelsea goal for Barkley, who has made it 2-0! A free-kick is fired over to the far post and finds Giroud, who sends an acrobatic scissor kick across the face of goal that Barkley converts into an empty net.,1

Southampton lose possession and Chelsea try to counter-attack through Barkley, who reaches the halfway line before being fouled from behind by Lemina, resulting in a booking for the Gabon international.,2

Southampton have made a substitution during the break, with Bednarek making way for Romeu. It looks as if they're going to revert to a four-man defence.,0

Bertrand believes the free-kick should be taken in a different position, and after arguing with the referee for too long he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOAL! It's 1-0 to Chelsea! Hojbjerg is caught on the ball by Barkley and allows the midfielder to set up Hazard, who then comfortably curls a strike past McCarthy and into the back of the net.,1

LACAZETTE FIRES IN A FOURTH! 4-0! Arsenal sweep across the pitch in a beautiful move that culminates with Pepe breaking away into the box before cutting back to an unmarked Lacazette, who rifles an unstoppable finish into the top corner from 12 yards!,1

ARSENAL GET A THIRD! 3-0! Newcastle go chasing the game and swiftly get punished as Pepe picks out Lacazette in the six-yard box, who slices a shot straight into the path of Ozil who sweeps a composed finish beyond the helpless Dubravka from close range!,1

Clark can't overcome the injury he sustained from Saka's challenge and he departs with Schar replacing him. ,0

ARSENAL MAKE IT TWO IN QUICK SUCCESSION! 2-0! Saka teases Lazaro, before nutmegging the wing-back and advancing into the box, where he kept his composure and slid a low pass for Pepe to lash into the bottom corner from six yards!,1

ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Well, they started this half with much more intensity and now they've found the breakthrough! The hosts quickly switched the play out towards Pepe, who cut inside and swung in a deep cross that found the head of Aubameyang, who powered an effort beyond Dubravka and into the far corner from close range!,1

Xhaka is booked for a cynical challenge on Longstaff as he attempted to stop a Newcastle counter-attack. ,2

The other change sees Trippier come off and he is replaced by Foyth. Straight swaps at full-back for Tottenham.,0

Tottenham make a double substitution, the first change sees Rose head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Davies.,0

Ajax make their first substitution of the game, with Schone heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mazraoui.,0

Tagliafico is the first player to be booked after his late and high tackle on Eriksen, as the midfielder looked to break forward into the final third.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Ajax take the lead, it's 1-0! Van de Beek slots the ball home into the bottom corner after finding space inside the penalty area and he has plenty of time to pick his spot, with just Lloris to beat. It's excellent build-up play from the visitors, working the ball down the left wing, before coming inside and Ziyech plays a lovely ball into Van de Beek, who just manages to stay onside and then provide the finish.,1

Lewis replaces Hanley that should see a reshuffle in the Norwich backline, with Byram moving into the middle.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GREENWOOD MAKES IT FOUR!!!! 4-0!!! United score their fourth of the afternoon courtesy of a fine finish from Greenwood. It's abject defending from the Canaries as they allow the forward space and time to pick his spot from the edge of the box. He pulls the trigger on a left-footed strike that beats Krul into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MARTIAL HEADS HOME!! 3-0!!!! United catch the visitors cold with a quickly-taken corner. Mata curls a dangerous cross into the middle. Martial rises highest above two defenders to glance his effort away from Krul into the top-left corner. Norwich have imploded at the start of the second half and United are on their way towards the three points.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RASHFORD CONVERTS!!!! 2-0!!!! United double their advantage as the forward holds his nerve from 12 yards. He curls his effort beyond the reach of Krul, finding the bottom-right corner. The Red Devils now have complete control of the contest.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RASHFORD PUTS UNITED AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! Mata gets on the ball and creates something out of nothing for the home side. He collects on the right flank and whips a perfect deep cross to the back post. Rashford times his run to perfection and gets behind Aarons to steer a strike beyond Krul into the back of a net. A super team goal from the Red Devils.,1

Grealish goes down under Willian's challenge. Villa's talisman really has been in the wars. Grealish lands his name in the book for preventing play from restarting quickly. It doesn't matter though - this game's over!,2

Xhaka gets a late booking for that petulant foul on Grealish. Villa have gotten under Arsenal's skin all game.,2

Barkley trudges off as Villa make another substitution. The midfielder doesn't look happy. Villa's 19-year-old youth product Ramsey replaces him.,0

Willian is on for Partey. It looks like Arsenal are going to go all-out attack for the last 15 minutes.,0

Meanwhile Arsenal make another change. The Real Madrid loanee Odegaard is on for Cedric, who was at fault for Villa's goal. Saka moves to left-back to escape the attentions of Grealish and pair up with Pepe.,0

Arsenal make the game's first substitution. Lacazette is replaced by Aubameyang who's had a lacklustre campaign to date.,0

Partey's booked for pushing over Nakamba in the build-up to those Watkins chances. It seems a little harsh.,2

Nakamba gets a yellow card for taking Saka out once it's clear that Arsenal no longer have the advantage.,2

Konsa gets the game's first yellow card for a cynical foul on Saka as Arsenal break. Saka might take a while to shake that challenge off.,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 1-0 ARSENAL! What a start for Villa! Cedric doesn't deal with a direct ball forward and Traore picks up the pieces, bursting past the full-back to cross. It comes to Watkins in the box whose scuffed shot beats Ryan!,1

Berge tugs back Wijnaldum, who was looking to set Liverpool away on the counter. It’s a yellow card for the Sheffield United goalscorer.,2

Klopp throws Milner on with seven minutes left, as Liverpool look to see out the victory. Jota is the man to make way.,0

Stevens allows his frustrations to get the better of him as he dives into a challenge on the right and gives away a free-kick - receiving a yellow card in the process.,2

NOT FOR LONG AS LIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! It’s a simple goal for the hosts, as Mane’s cross from the left finds the head of Jota - who was allowed to peel off the back of Stevens and nod it past Ramsdale!,1

Sheffield United’s first change is a positive one, as Burke is brought on in attack - ending Brewster’s return to Anfield just before the hour.,0

LIVERPOOL FIND THE EQUALISER! A cross from the right is met by the head of Mane, who forces a desperate save from Ramsdale. The keeper can only parry the ball weakly though, allowing Firmino to nip in and score from the rebound! 1-1!,1

1-0 TO SHEFFIELD UNITED! Berge steps up and sends Alisson the wrong way - giving the visitors the unlikeliest of leads at Anfield!,1

Zaha is away down the left and Lindelof is sprinting across to him. He clatters into him with a late tackle and has his name taken by the referee.,2

There's a double change for Palace now as they look to try and get something out of this game. Ayew is first to go off, with Olise on for him.,0

It's a clumsy one from McTominay as he clatters into the back of Edouard, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

FRED SCORES! It's a great goal from the Brazilian! The Palace defenders are crowding around Greenwood, but he keeps his composure to pull it back to Fred just outside the D. He hits the shot first time, curling it around the defender, over Guaita and into the far top corner. 1-0 United! ,1

Rashford knocks the ball past Guehi and the defender drags him back to stop him from getting into the box. He gives away a free-kick and is shown a yellow card.,2

United are making the first change of the game. Sancho is going off, with Greenwood on to replace him.,0

Clyne is stretching to keep hold of the ball after a loose touch. He ends up catching Fred with his studs in an attempt to keep hold of it and receives the first booking of the game.,2

Shaqiri comes on for the final stages of the match, giving Salah - the scorer of another world-class goal today - a breather.,0

Henderson is unable to shake off the injury sustained a couple of minutes ago. Milner comes on and goes to the left of Liverpool's midfield three.,0

Henderson is caught by Kante and is in need of some treatment. Chelsea use the stoppage in play to make a change, bringing on ex-Everton midfielder Barkley for Loftus-Cheek.,0

Keita makes way for Wijnaldum for the final 25 minutes. Klopp clearly wants some more control of the ball in central midfield.,0

Higuain comes on for Hudson-Odoi, who has had a quiet game. Hazard will now shift into his favoured left-sided position.,0

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! LIVERPOOL 2-0 CHELSEA! Two goals in two minutes for Liverpool!! This is an unbelievable strike from Salah, trapping the ball with a good first touch towards the right-hand flank, cutting into the middle and then arrowing it into the top corner of the net from 25 yards. Kepa barely had time to react!,1

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! LIVERPOOL 1-0 CHELSEA! Liverpool have started the second half with far more urgency to their game and they have been rewarded through Mane's close-range header! Henderson clips the ball towards the back post and Mane is not going to miss from a few yards out, giving the home fans the goal they craved.,1

Azpilicueta, who has enjoyed a good first half, puts his arm across Mane to halt his opponent's run and earns the first yellow card of the half.,2

This is a big blow for Chelsea before half-time as Rudiger hobbles off the field, unable to shake off the knee injury sustained earlier in the half. Christensen is the player to take over.,0

A mistake from Pickford forces Holgate to pull back Pulisic before he can fire at goal from distance. He concedes a free-kick and goes into the book.,2

Mykolenko pulls back Loftus-Cheek on the charge on the edge of the box. He goes into the book and hands Chelsea a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Havertz is replaced by Broja in the final third. The German was off the pace for the majority of the game.,0

Chilwell is withdrawn after completing 65 minutes on his comeback trail. Loftus-Cheek replaces him, which will see a re-shuffle in the ranks.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! JORGINHO CONVERTS! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!! The Italy international faces off against Pickford from the spot, but unlike his effort from the Euro 2020 final, he finds the bottom-left corner with a clean strike. A perfect penalty to send the keeper the wrong way.,1

Mina tries to put off Jorginho before he takes his penalty and goes into the book. A needless booking.,2

Looking for some defensive stability late on in proceedings, Pioli replaces Leao with Musah with one minute left to go.,0

MILAN STEAL IT AT THE DEATH! 3-2! Florenzi’s outswinging corner is sent into a crowd of bodies on the penalty spot, with Giroud and Loftus-Cheek combining to get a touch in the air. The ball trickles out to the far post for Okafor, who takes it down with his chest before smashing a half-volley past Okoye!,1

A first Milan player goes into the referee’s notebook, with Hernandez shown a yellow card for arriving late and kicking the hamstring of Success.,2

Kamara is withdrawn in the aftermath of Milan's equaliser, with Zarraga set to see out the remainder of the game.,0

MILAN BUNDLE IT OVER THE LINE! 2-2! Leao fires an early cross into the penalty area for Hernandez, who manages to settle the ball ahead of the byline before pulling back a pass for Giroud. The striker takes a touch before firing a shot from close range that hits the underside of the bar and stays out, until Jovic crashes through and makes sure of the goal!,1

The hosts freshen up the attack, with Cioffi putting extra pressure on the Milan defence by replacing Lucca with Success.,0

Looking to prevent a counter-attacking opportunity, Lucca cynically grabs the shoulder of Pulisic and drags him to the grass, forcing the referee to show his fifth yellow card of the match - all for Udinese players.,2

Okafor comes on for Reijnders in an attacking change for Milan, as they continue to search for a way back into the game.,0

Another yellow card is shown to an Udinese player, with Walace charging aggressively through the back of Loftus-Cheek.,2

UDINESE TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! Reijnders wins the ball back from Thauvin inside Milan’s penalty area but a mistake from Hernandez allows the substitute to win it back and go through on goal before sending his blistering shot high into the roof of the net!,1

Thauvin grabs the arm of Loftus-Cheek and tugs him back right under the nose of the referee and becomes the third Udinese player to be shown a yellow card in this match.,2

Ebosele is the second Udinese wing-back to be shown a yellow card, with the Republic of Ireland international booked for a hand in the face of Hernandez.,2

Kamara loses possession to Pulisic before flying into a tackle that catches the United States international on the ankle. It’s a free-kick for Milan, while the Udinese wing-back is given a yellow card.,2

UDINESE EQUALISE! 1-1! Lucca lays a pass off for Samardzic, who picks possession up in his stride before dancing past Kjaer and slotting a shot past a stationary Maignan!,1

A SECOND GOAL IN THREE GAMES FOR LOFTUS-CHEEK PUTS MILAN AHEAD! 1-0! Leao takes the ball onto the touchline to open up space before playing a pass inside for the run of Hernandez. As he approaches the byline, the France international cuts a low cross back for Loftus-Cheek - using Giroud as a decoy - with the midfielder slotting home at the first time of asking!,1

A scuffle developing here after words were clearly said between Rashford and Kolasinac. Heads touched but it didn't look a head butt from either, but both are shown yellow cards. It seemed as though VAR were looking at it, though it seems the yellows were handed over via Pawson himself.,2

GOOOALLLL!!!! Martial scores to make it 3-1 to Manchester United! We warned what could happen with him on the pitch. Pogba drove through the midfield and took an effort from range that Cech did well to parry, but it fell to Martial who, in his typical style, curled in a right-footed effort having cut in from out wide. Too easy for Manchester United there.,1

Arsenal continue to attack down the left despite the withdrawal of Iwobi, and this time they win a free-kick as Young is deemed to have handled the ball and is shown a yellow card for it.,2

Iwobi was having a bright match on the left, but is withdrawn with Ozil coming on in his stead. Arsenal are now out of substitutions.,0

Manchester United have a three-on-two before Koscielny drags Pogba down to prevent further damage. The defender is shown yellow for his efforts.,2

GOOALLLL!!! Aubameyang brings Arsenal a goal back! Ramsey dribbles deep into the box and plays a ball right in front of goal. It looks as though Lacazette got a little touch on it but it's Aubameyang who hits it into the back of the net! Arsenal 1-2 Manchester United.,1

GOAAALLL!!! 2-0 to the visitors! Koscielny tried to play the offside trap but was easily beaten by Lukaku. The Belgium striker then played a flat ball into the box where Lingard collected the ball with his left foot before finishing with his right! It was a very cool finish on the floor by the Englishman!,1

GOALLLL!!! Alexis scores against his old club to give United the 1-0 advantage! He was found by Lukaku and Sanchez timed his run perfectly, collected the ball, dribbled around the goalkeeper, and then curled it into the far side of the goal! That was tidy!,1

RED CARD! Fiorillo is sent off with a matter of minutes remaining for violent conduct on Florenzi. He didn't get onto the pitch but sees red from the referee.,3

GOALLLL! JOVIC SCORES! 2-2! Milan are level! Chukwueze gets onto a loose ball, allowing the away side to recycle possession on the right. Calabria then sends a cross into the middle, with Giroud heading it across to Jovic. The substitute swings a leg at the ball, sending his effort across the goal and into the far corner.,1

Tchaouna has been energetic on the wing but is also making his way off. Cabral is given the last 12 minutes to make an impression.,0

Kastanos got the assist for Candreva's goal and was also on a booking. Martegani is on after starting the last game.,0

Salernitana make some substitutions to add some fresh legs onto the pitch. Mazzocchi was booked earlier in the half and is now coming off for Bronn.,0

Pioli has seen enough and is adding an extra attacker to the mix. Midfielder Bennacer is coming off for striker Jovic.,0

Pulisic has been in form for Milan this season but is now coming off after having a limited impact. He is replaced in the attack by Chukwueze.,0

GOALLL! CANDREVA SCORES! 2-1 SALERNITANA! The hosts are ahead. Kastanos has possession in the midfield, and he plays the ball down the right to Candreva. He bursts forward with possession and looks to put a cross into the box but lashes it towards the bottom corner and scores. Maignan wasn't expecting the ball to head towards the near post and couldn't get across quickly enough to keep it out.,1

Milan make a change before the restart. Kjaer went down holding his head late in the first half and is now coming off for Simic.,0

GOALLL! FAZIO SCORES! 1-1! Salernitana are level! Candreva's outswinging corner finds Fazio, who gets above his marker and powers a header across the goal and into the net.,1

Leao loses possession to Mazzocchi and then drags his shirt. He fouls him and is shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLL! TOMORI SCORES! 1-0 MILAN! The Rossoneri are ahead! A dangerous free-kick from the right is flicked on by Kjaer towards Leao, who collects the ball with his chest before playing it back across the box. Giroud cannot tap it in, but Tomori rushes across to power a header home.,1

Final change for Liverpool now as Klopp brings on Minamino for the last few minutes in place of Jota. ,0

Second change for Liverpool now, and it's the captain Henderson, who started the scoring today, that's going off. Oxlade-Chamberlain replaces him.,0

WHAT A GOAL! It's absolutely brilliant from Jota! Robertson looks like he's played it too short, but Jota stretches to bring it under control in front of Allan. He drags it past the midfielder and from a very tight angle on the left of the box, he fires it over Pickford at the near post and into the roof of the net. 4-1 Liverpool! ,1

Liverpool are making their first change of the game now. It's Thiago that's going off, with Milner on in his place. ,0

SALAH SCORES! It's a poor pass from Gray to Coleman in the centre circle, but his awful first touch is pounced onto by Salah. He sprints through Everton's half, and the right-back just can't catch him. Pickford comes off his line and the Egyptian coolly hits his shot across goal and into the net. 3-1 Liverpool! ,1

Gordon takes a good touch to knock it past Robertson before he goes down. There's not a lot of contact at all from the left-back, and he's unlucky to be shown a yellow card.,2

Rondon went down a moment ago, and it looks like he's struggling with a muscle injury. He limps off the field to be replaced by Gordon.,0

Gray has another chance to run at the Liverpool goal and Fabinho sticks out a leg. Gray goes down, but there's no contact from the Brazilian and he's the second Everton player to be booked for diving in this game.,2

Henderson has already played the ball forward when Digne slides in. He doesn't make too much contact with the midfielder, but he's shown a yellow card.,2

GRAY SCORES! Richarlison fires the ball into Gray, and he gets between the two Liverpool defenders. Alisson rushes off his line, and he tries to slot it under him. It takes a deflection off the keeper but bounces into the empty net anyway and Everton have one back. 2-1!,1

Allan slides in to win the ball, but he catches Jota with his trailing leg. He's furious about the decision, but he's going into the referee's book.,2

SALAH SCORES! It starts with a poor touch by Godfrey in the centre circle and Liverpool punish it. It's a good throughball from Henderson into Salah down the right of the box. Pickford thinks about coming, but Salah reads him well and curls his shot over the keeper and into the far side of the net. 2-0 Liverpool! ,1

Robertson steps in to try and stop Townsend's run, and he goes down just inside the box. The fans are asking for a penalty, but instead, Townsend is booked for simulation as the left-back didn't make contact with him.,2

HENDERSON SCORES! It's a great finish from the Liverpool captain! He starts the move in midfield by switching it out to Mane on the left, but Robertson pulls the cross back to the edge of the box. Henderson hits it first time, guiding a brilliant curling shot around the defender and Pickford into the near post. 1-0 Liverpool! ,1

Griezmann lunges in on Alex Sandro on the edge of the penalty box and is shown a yellow card. He claims that he got the ball but he also got plenty of the man, giving Ronaldo a chance to swing in a free-kick from a dangerous position.,2

Cancelo is introduced for Matuidi in the game's sixth and final substitution. Juventus have six minutes to net an away goal.,0

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! ATLETICO 2-0 JUVENTUS! Atleti's other Uruguayan centre-half, Godin, doubles the home side's advantage! It comes from another set-piece delivery, this time taken by Griezmann, with the loose ball being guided into the back of the net from an acute angle by Godin via a deflection off Ronaldo. ,1

Juventus, who are looking rattled after conceding, bring on Bernardeschi for Dybala in their second change.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! ATLETICO 1-0 JUVENTUS! Gimenez blasts the ball into the back of the net to score a goal that will surely stand this time. Morata powers a header goalwards from the corner, it comes off Mandzukic and Gimenez is there to sweep the loose ball home from seven yards. Incredible scenes at the Wanda Metropolitano!,1

Allegri, having seen his side survive yet another scare, brings on Can for Pjanic in central midfield.,0

Simeone makes his third and final change. Koke, who is not quite fully fit, is withdrawn and replaced by Correa.,0

Morata is brought on and Costa is the player to make way. If only the departing Spain striker had kept his cool from that one-on-one!,0

Alex Sandro is cautioned for a coming together with Gimenez and is the latest player to be ruled out of the second leg. Will either side have any players left when they face off again in three weeks' time?!,2

Thomas, like team-mate Costa earlier in the half, is shown a yellow card that will rule him out of the second leg. It was a bad challenge from the midfielder, catching Dybala late with a needless challenge.,2

Gimenez blocks the path of Ronaldo and a free-kick is awarded to Juventus. Ronaldo runs up to take the set-piece but there is a delay as Costa charges out of the wall, earning a yellow card that will rule him out of the return fixture.,2

Spurs are making their second change as we go into six minutes of stoppage time. Kulusevski is taken off, with Bissouma on for him.,0

It's going to be a double change for Fulham, but Mitrovic is staying on. Willian is the first to go off, with Vinicius coming on against his former club.,0

Palhinha was late getting across to Kane and took his leg out from under him. The Spurs players immediately surround the referee to remind him that the midfielder is on a booking, but Bentancur is booked for dissent instead.,2

Fulham are making the first change as they look to get back into this game. Reed is taken off, with Cairney replacing him.,0

KANE SCORES! And becomes Spurs' all-time joint-top scorer! Spurs were starting to up the pressure and Son has space as he advances into the box. He squares it to Kane, who spins away from Ream before curling his shot towards the far post from inside the D. Leno can only watch as it nestles in the bottom corner. 1-0 Spurs!,1

Tete nicked the ball off Son, but it meant that the South Korean stepped down onto the side of his leg. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Palhinha slid in with a very late and heavy tackle on Hojbjerg. The referee initially played the advantage, but now goes back to rightfully book him for it.,2

Late Palace substitution, with Milivojevic the man coming off and he has been replaced by McCarthy in midfield.,0

Palace make their first substitution, with Benteke the man coming off and he has been replaced by Ayew.,0

David Luiz is booked for a late challenge after going into the back of Zaha, as the pair battled for the ball on the halfway line.,2

Here is the first Arsenal substitution of the game, with Maitland-Niles the man coming off and he has been replaced by Pepe.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Tomkins after he brings Saka down around the halfway line, in order to stop a counter.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!! TONEY SURELY WINS THE GAME FOR BRENTFORD!!!!!! 2-1!!!!! The visitors hit City on a fast break as Wissa and Dasilva combine. The latter powers a low ball across the face of goal that Toney steers into the back of the net on his right foot from six yards. The Bees are on course for a massive win here and Toney sends another message to Southgate and England.,1

Cancelo goes down in the box looking for a penalty from Zanka's challenge. However, the referee spots his dive and books the Portuguese for simulation.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FODEN RESPONDS FOR CITY!!!! 1-1!!!! City have their equaliser just before the break as Foden blasts a strike past Raya. De Bruyne lifts a corner into the box from the right and the ball deflects off Akanji's head to find the England man. He drills a powerful left-footed drive away from the Brentford keeper into the top-right corner. A fine strike.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TONEY NODS BRENTFORD AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Toney is on the spot to give Gareth Southgate and England a reminder of what they could be missing at the World Cup by putting Brentford in front at the Etihad Stadium. Raya launches a free-kick into the box from his own half and Mee rises to win the first header. It loops towards the six-yard box where Ederson is indecisive. Toney attacks the ball and rises above Laporte before looping his header into the City net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BERNARDESCHI PUTS JUVE AHEAD!!!! 3-2!!! After all that Juve do take the lead. Alex Sandro makes another brilliant run down the left flank and he hammers a low cross into the box. Bernardeschi is in the right place at the right time to side foot an effort beyond the reach of the substitute keeper Seculin into the net. The visitors deserve that for their efforts in the second half.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! GIACCHERINI PUTS CHIEVO AHEAD!!! 2-1 TO THE HOME SIDE!!! The winger finishes off his move as he scores from the spot after winning the penalty. He blasts his effort into the bottom corner, sending Szczesny the wrong way. This could be a huge a result for Chievo.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! STEPINSKI EQUALISES!! 1-1!!! The home side are level as Stepinski rises in the box and guides his header into the top corner. Giaccherini was afforded space and time on the left flank and he curled a fine cross into the box. The Chievo forward was afforded a free header and he made no mistake, sending his effort into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLL!!!! KHEDIRA PUTS JUVE AHEAD!! 1-0!! The reigning champions take the lead after just three minutes. Cuadrado's free-kick to the back post was not cleared by the home side. The loose ball fell kindly for the German. Khedira still had work to, but he connected sweetly on the volley, dispatching his effort past Sorrentino.,1

Following a tussle in the box in the build-up to a set-piece routine, Roco picks up a yellow card for clashing with Cutrone.,2

Avci makes his final change with Diaby coming onto the field in place of Lens. There are nine minutes of normal time left to play.,0

Wolves opt to make their final alteration with Otasowie coming on for the closing stages in place of Dendoncker.,0

Espirito Santo makes his second change of the match as Moutinho is replaced by Perry. There are 20 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

GOAL! Jota gets his hat-trick! Wolves show real determination to keep the pressure on following a quick counter down the right flank. Burr nips in to win the ball back before sliding it across goal for Jota to fire in at the back post. 4-0.,1

GOAL! Wolves make it three! Moutinho floats a corner from the right in towards the penalty spot and Dendoncker rises highest to power his header into the top right corner. Yuvakuran stood no chance with that one. 3-0.,1

The away side respond to going two goals behind by making their first substitution of the match with Elneny coming onto the field in place of Yalcin.,0

GOAL! A quickfire double for Wolves! Yuvakuran is able to tip Dendoncker’s powerful strike from 25-yards out onto the bar but cannot react quickly enough to deny Jota steering the rebound into the back of the net from close range. 2-0.,1

GOAL! Wolves take the lead! Neto shows some great footwork down the right flank before picking out a cross towards the far post. Jota arrives and, just moments after coming on, nods the ball beyond Yuvakuran and into the bottom left corner. 1-0.,1

The home side make their first change of the match as Jota comes on to replace Neves. It remains 0-0.,0

Kilman is the first player to pick up a yellow card after catching Nayir’s left ankle with a late challenge. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

Unsurprisingly, Emiliano Martinez is shown a yellow card for time-wasting with two minutes left in regulation.,2

An alteration at left-back sees Digne given a rest, with the experience of Young trusted to see out the remainder of the game.,0

Dalot is shown a yellow card for dissent after having a little bit too much to say to the referee during the awarding of a Manchester United free-kick.,2

Donny Van De Beek's quiet match comes to an end as he's brought off for Martial with 25 minutes to go.,0

The referee comes across and shows Ronaldo a yellow card for his part in the fracas, with the frustrated striker unable to contain his emotions.,2

RAMSEY MAKES IT THREE! 3-1 ASTON VILLA! It’s an expert finish from Ramsey, who gets into the penalty area with a late run and meets Watkins’ cut-back pass from the byline with a fantastic first-time finish, blasting his shot high into the roof of the goal!,1

Bailey tracks back and puts two hands on Shaw in order to bring him down - earning the winger a yellow card.,2

WHAT A SUBLIME STRIKE! 2-0 ASTON VILLA! It’s an inch-perfect free-kick from Digne, who wraps his left boot around the free-kick just outside the penalty area and sneaks his hit into the near post, with a diving De Gea unable to get a hand on it!,1

Shaw's late sliding challenge on Ramsey earns the full-back a yellow card and gives Aston Villa a free-kick 22 yards from goal.,2

ASTON VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Bailey’s looked lively in the opening five minutes and it’s the Jamaica international who opens the scoring, meeting Ramsey’s pass with a lovely first touch to get him in the area ahead of Lisandro Martinez, before dispatching a flat shot into the far corner!,1

Dendoncker replaces Ramsey in the Villa midfield to add more defensive ability to stop any potential counter-attacks.,0

Coutinho receives the first yellow card of the game as he stops a Southampton counter-attack late on.,2

Luiz replaces Kamara in the midfield as the French international cannot carry on with the knock he picked up earlier in the game.,0

GOALLL!!!!! 1-0 RAMSEY!!! Ramsey breaks the deadlock for Villa! Coutinho crosses the ball in following a short corner and Watkins forces Bazunu to tip his effort onto the bar. It bounces on the bar twice before falling to Ramsey, who finishes his chance.,1

The captain sees his number go up with 24 minutes remaining in the contest. Verdi is sent on in his stead.,0

Kean now enters the referee’s notebook with a yellow card after his off-balance stomp leaves Faraoni on the ground holding his foot in pain.,2

Bremer is forced back towards his own goal by Gaich, who leaps into a sliding challenge from behind the centre-back. It’s a yellow card for the Verona striker, the second booking of the game for the visitors.,2

JUVENTUS FIND THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Miretti plays a beautiful pass around the corner for Locatelli, who picks his head up and threads the ball through for Kean. The striker takes a touch to set himself and blasts it in the bottom corner from 10 yards out, leaving Montipo no chance!,1

Depaoli’s reckless sliding challenge catches Locatelli and brings him down to the turf. It’s a yellow card for the Verona wing-back, the first booking of the game.,2

United's final change sees Lindelof taken off for Antony, though the Brazilian has only seconds to try and make an impact here.,0

IWOBI SCORES! Fulham have their lead back late on! Maguire heads it straight to Traore, who knows he has the beating of the defender in a foot race. He surges to the edge of the D before squaring it to Iwobi to his left. He coolly touches it around Dalot before slotting his low shot into the bottom-left corner, with Onana static on his line. 2-1 Fulham!,1

MAGUIRE EQUALISES! He started things off, holding off Cairney well before taking it to the byline. His cross ends up falling to Fernandes on the far side, and he cuts inside to lose Castagne before curling a shot on goal. Leno saves it, but can't hold onto the ball, and spills it straight to Maguire's feet, leaving him to volley it into the net. 1-1!,1

And Fulham's is a defensive swap as they try to see out this win. Wilson is taken off, with Diop on in his place.,0

Both sides are making a change here, starting with United. Mainoo is going off, with Diallo on to add something different to their attack.,0

Reed did come back onto the pitch after receiving treatment for the cut on his eye, but he is going off now. He's replaced by Traore.,0

BASSEY SCORES! It's been coming, and Fulham have the breakthrough! Just like in the first half, Castagne sends his corner into the near post, but this time, it's Bassey who makes the run to meet it. He scuffs at the volley, but on his second attempt, he makes no mistake as he rifles it into the roof of the net. 1-0 Fulham!,1

United are actually going to make a double change. McTominay is coming on to replace Casemiro, who can't carry on after that head injury.,0

Wilson rushes back to get tight to Garnacho but clips the winger's heels in the process. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2

Pereira threw himself into a sliding challenge, though Garnacho neatly skipped away from it with little contact. It was a poor challenge either way though, and the Brazilian is booked.,2

Maguire's first touch got away from him, and in his attempt to make up for it, he steps on Lukic's foot. The referee initially played the advantage, but now goes back to book the defender.,2

Casemiro played a wonderful throughball forward for Garnacho, but Adarabioyo tugged him back to stop him from getting there. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2

De Jong isn't happy that a foul has gone against his team, and his protest has earned him a late booking.,2

Bade races across to stop Pepi's run, and is a bit too emphatic as he kicks the ball out of play. He takes out the man too, and he's booked for it.,2

TEZE EQUALISES! Ramos gives away a needless free-kick on the right, and Lozano swings it onto the edge of the six-yard box. De Jong nods it down, and it comes to Pepi too quickly for him to react, but Teze is waiting behind him to fire it in at the near post from close range. 2-2!,1

Lozano's frustration at losing the ball shows as he slides in on Rakitic from behind, taking the midfielder out. He goes into the referee's book.,2

EN-NESYRI SCORES! And just like that, Sevilla are back in front! From the kick-off, Sevilla work it out to the right, and Sanchez is slipped in. He lifts a superb cross in from the right, and En-Nesyri is in the middle to thump his header past Benitez and restore Sevilla's lead. 2-1 Sevilla!,1

DE JONG EQUALISES! De Jong was made to wait a while to take the penalty, but it didn't faze him. He takes a long run-up, hesitating just before the ball, and Nyland starts diving to his right. De Jong hits his spot-kick into the opposite bottom corner, and PSV are level. 1-1!,1

PSV are making another double change here, and it's both centre-backs that are going off. Ramalho is first off, with Bella-Kotchap on for him.,0

There's another double change for Sevilla now. Navas, who has struggled to cope with Lang's threat, is replaced by Sanchez.,0

PSV are making a double change of their own as they look to get back into this game. Bakayoko is taken off, with Lozano on in his place.,0

GUDELJ SCORES! And that one will stand! Navas whips another brilliant delivery into the box, and Ramos peels away at the far post, rising high above his marker to nod it down into a pocket of space. Gudelj runs onto it and meets it on the volley, rifling it over Nyland's outstretched hand and into the roof of the net. 1-0 Sevilla!,1

Navas turns straight into Lang, not realising the winger is there, and then wrestles him back to make up for the error. He's booked for it.,2

Ocampos is mid-jump when Veerman slides in to catch him on the foot, with what is a high boot from the midfielder. He's protesting his innocence but receives the first booking of the game.,2

ROMA REDUCE THE DEFICIT! 3-1! Shomurodov drives towards the byline before cutting a pass back to the penalty spot for Karsdorp. The wing-back dummies the ball allowing it to run for Mkhitaryan, who smashes his shot high into the roof of the goal!,1

Martinez gets recalled to the bench in the late stages of the game with the early rest perhaps a reward for his goal. Sanchez comes on in his place.,0

Oliveira's yellow card is his last involvement of the match, with Bove replacing the Portugal international.,0

A cynical sliding challenge from Oliveira in midfield catches Gagliardini right in front of the referee. It's a yellow card for the Roma player, who will also miss his side's next fixture as a result of the booking.,2

Abraham's disappointing evening comes to a close after 78 minutes with relatively little service. Shomurodov is tasked with seeing out the remainder of the match.,0

Perez gets a chance to change the result with just under a half-hour remaining. El Shaarawy makes way.,0

INTER FIND A THIRD! Calhanoglu gets another chance to deliver a corner from the right and this time he takes it to perfection, finding the leaping Martinez six yards from goal. In-between Abraham and Mancini, the Argentina international manages to rise highest and power his header towards goal!,1

SENSATIONAL FINISH! 2-0! It’s goals in back to back league games for Brozovic, who enters the penalty area on the left-hand side after a leading pass from Perisic before cutting inside and shifting ahead of Mancini and Oliveira to work just enough space for a curling right-footed effort that beats the goalkeeper!,1

Mancini steps on Dimarco’s foot just outside the penalty area on the left side - giving Inter a real chance to double their lead from the set-piece while the Roma centre-back is shown a yellow card.,2

INTER TAKE THEIR CHANCE AT THE OTHER END! 1-0! A lovely interchange in midfield on the counter-attack by the Nerazzurri gives Calhanoglu the time and space to pick out a pass for Dumfries - sending the wing-back on a central run through the vacated defence. The Netherlands international bursts into the penalty area and coolly slots a left-footed finish past Patricio!,1

Elanga comes off to grant a debut for another young United product, in the form of Alejandro Garnacho.,0

Mata looks to have beaten Pulisic's sliding challenge, but is held back by Rudiger, who sees the first yellow card of the game.,2

Rashford's been rather ineffective all game, and another former Chelsea midfielder in Juan Mata makes an appearance off the bench.,0

Werner's been denied a few times by De Gea, and on comes Christian Pulisic in the hope of having more luck in front of goal.,0

Havertz comes off for Chelsea, and ex-Manchester United forward Romelu Lukaku comes on to a hostile reception at Old Trafford.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! United equalise right from the off!!! Kante's long ball out of defence is cut out by Matic, who, after a failed pass is blocked by Kante, chips it over the top to Ronaldo, who brings the ball down and fires it beyond Mendy to make it 1-1!!!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! Chelsea finally get the breakthrough!!! Another move sends the ball right, and James' cross into the box is headed on by Havertz. It lands at Alonso's feet, and the left-back smashes a low volley across De Gea and into the back of the net!!! It's been coming alright, and Chelsea go into a much deserved 1-0 lead.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! SAUL KILLS OFF THE GAME!!! 2-0 ATLETICO!!!  The home side are surely on their way to the three points. A long ball over the top from Costa finds the run of Saul in the right inside channel. Asenjo tries to get there ahead of the midfielder, but he fails to connect with his punch. Saul guides a looping effort towards goal, although two defenders close on the line. However, Ruiz misjudges the flight of the ball and allows it to cross the line. A nightmare for the defender as Atletico take a huge stride towards victory this afternoon.,1

Partey goes down on the right flank under Caseres' challenge. Atletico win a free-kick in a dangerous position and the Villarreal midfielder heads into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! MORATA PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD!! 1-0!! The pressure on the Villarreal goal finally tells as Morata guides his strike past Asenjo. The home side worked the ball across the pitch from right to left before Filipe Luis lifted a cross into the box. Morata got the better of his man and was able to steer his strike on the half-volley into the bottom corner.,1

Martin Braithwaite has now arrived for Barcelona as the game resumes, but it is Fati who makes way for him instead.,0

GOAL! BARCELONA! 5-0 to the visitors and it's that man, Lionel Messi, once more! He latches onto a cross from Alba into the box and cracks it straight past Roberto. The keeper doesn't even seem to see it. Two goals for the Argentine and Alaves will just want this day to end.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA! Nelson Semedo adds another to the visitors' tally, crashing a close-range effort beyond Roberto after he is fed in on the right edge of the box. The Blaugrana are absolutely firing right now.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA! There's no stopping Luis Suarez from that distance! It's Jordia Alba with the short volley assist inside the box, fed from outside with a lovely well-weighted ball, and the striker powers a close-range header home. 3-0 and it's a long way back for Alaves.,1

GOALLL!!! 2-0 MAN UNITED!!! MARTIAL!! There is the goal that Man United wanted as Martial doubles their lead! Coleman’s miscontrol allows Rashford to break into the box, who then squares the ball to Martial for an easy finish. That could be game over for Everton.,1

GOALLL!!! 1-0 MAN UNITED!!! MCTOMINAY!!! Man United finally get their breakthrough as McTominay fires past Pickford! Sancho plays a brilliant pass into the six-yard box and the Scottish international shoots first-time to open the scoring.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MARTIAL CONVERTS!!!! 6-3!!!! The Frenchman notches his second of the game with a neat finish, striking high into the top-right corner to beat Ederson. United fans can point to the fact that they have won the second half.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MARTIAL GETS A GOAL BACK!!!! 6-2!!!! Martial stoops low to head home from close range to get a second consolation effort for the visitors. Fred makes a burst into the box past Akanji and sees his effort saved by Ederson. Martial is first to the rebound to score with a deft header.,1

After dismantling United in the first half and easing off the gas in the second, De Bruyne makes way for Alvarez.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! FODEN HAS HIS FIRST CAREER HAT-TRICK!!!!!!! 6-1 CITY!!!! The City demolition of United continues as Foden smashes a left-footed strike past De Gea. Haaland releases his team-mate with an incisive pass on the edge of the box before Foden turns and finishes with super effort.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HAALAND SCORES HIS HAT-TRICK!!!!! 5-1!!!!!! The forward notches his third hat-trick of the season with another brilliant finish from close range. City work the ball down the left flank before Gomez fires a low delivery into the middle. Haaland gets his positioning spot on and steers a left-footed strike into the middle of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ANTONY SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 4-1!!!! United get a goal back as Antony curls home a sublime strike on his left foot. Grealish misses an interception, and it allows Antony to collect on the right flank and cut inside. He curls a left-footed strike towards goal and beats Ederson to find the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FODEN POURS ON THE MISERY FOR UNITED!!!!!! 4-0!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! City score a sensational goal on the break as De Bruyne, Haaland and Foden combine to devastating effect. De Bruyne starts the move with a penetrating run before he offloads to Haaland. The forward clips a perfect cross to the back post for Foden to meet on the slide and he dispatches his effort into the back of the net.,1

Walker took a nasty fall on the sideline and is withdrawn for Gomez. Cancelo swaps to the right flank.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HAALAND NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!!! 3-0 CITY!!!!!!!!!!!!! Haaland makes it number 13 and two for the afternoon with a clinical finish at the back post. De Bruyne is the architect again as he is afforded space and time to angle a cross to the back post. Haaland makes the run and connects on the slide on his left foot, finding the bottom-left corner. How can you stop Haaland?,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! HAALAND DOES IT AGAIN!!!!! 2-0 CITY!!!! The Norway international notches his 12th of the season with a powerful header from De Bruyne's corner. De Bruyne angles a cross into the box from the left corner that Haaland rises to attack. He plants his header towards the bottom-left corner where Malacia cannot prevent it from crossing the line.,1

A loose pass allows Foden to intercept and break at the United defence. Malacia has to bring down the England man on the charge and accepts the yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FODEN CLIPS A STRIKE HOME!!!!!!! 1-0 CITY!!!!! The home side take the lead as Foden steers his strike past De Gea high into the net. City probe on the edge of the United box before Cancelo releases Silva down the left flank. He supplies a perfect low ball for Foden to attack and he provides a sublime finish on his left foot to break the deadlock.,1

Dalot leaves a boot in on Grealish down the left flank and goes into the book. The referee sets the tone early.,2

DENNIS SCORES! And just like that, it's 4-1! It's a simple long ball over the top from Foster, and it bounces over Matic's head. Dalot can't get close to Hernandez, who swipes at the air, but Dennis is behind him to finish it off, drilling a low shot across goal into the far bottom corner.,1

PEDRO SCORES! De Gea had just made a good save to keep out Pedro, but he can't stop this one. Dennis slides it through to Pedro on the right of the box and from a tight angle, he slots his effort through De Gea's legs at the near post to make it 3-1 Watford! ,1

Final change for United now as Lingard comes on to replace Sancho for the five minutes of stoppage time. ,0

United are using a concussion sub now as Shaw is led straight off the pitch by the medical staff after taking that hit to the head. Dalot is on in his place.,0

MAGUIRE IS SENT OFF! He was taking too long to clear his lines and Cleverley was quick to close him down. As soon as he was put under pressure, Maguire went to ground, bringing the midfielder down in a clumsy challenge. After getting to his feet, Maguire knew his game was finished as he took the captain's armband off. It's an inevitable second yellow.,3

Nkoulou is just feeling his hamstring as he makes his way off the pitch, and Troost-Ekong is on to replace him.,0

Maguire has his arms around Sarr as he tries to stop the run. It's a clumsy challenge from him that sees his name taken by the referee. ,2

VAN DE BEEK SCORES! It's well worked by United as Martial knocks it out to Sancho on the right, and he floats a great cross to Ronaldo at the far post. He cushions a header back across goal, and Van de Beek throws himself forward to nod it into the back of the net. He's been on the pitch less than five minutes, and he's made it 2-1! ,1

There's a double change at the break for United. Solskjaer is taking no risks with McTominay, who is on a booking, with Van de Beek replacing him. ,0

Louza had his arms around Fernandes before he tripped him up and he's shown a yellow card for the challenge.,2

SARR SCORES! United create their own problems again by not clearing their lines, Femenia gets lucky as the ball deflects into his path. He pulls it back for Sarr, who has time to take a touch before drilling a low shot across goal, past De Gea and into the far side of the net. 2-0 Watford! ,1

KING SCORES! Wan-Bissaka's clearance is a poor one as he glances it back as far as Dennis on the right of the box. He takes it to the byline before pulling it back for King and he sidefoots his shot past De Gea and into the back of the net. 1-0 Watford!,1

McTominay slid in to try and dispossess Dennis and completely misses the ball, so he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

BAILEY SCORES! Polster gets close to him, but a quick turn from Bailey gets him into more space. He curls his shot around the defender from the left of the box and McGregor can't stop it from hitting the back of the net. 3-1 Leverkusen!,1

Diaby is booked after he falls as he tries to win the ball back and he pulls back Hagi in an attempt to stay with him.,2

It's a poor tackle from Weiser who catches Hagi really late. He's booked and will also miss the second leg next Thursday.,2

Kent turns away from Wendell and he tugs at his shirt in an attempt to stop him from getting into the box. He's shown a yellow card and Rangers have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

RANGERS PULL ONE BACK! It's poor defending by Leverkusen on the corner, but that gives Edmundson the chance to make up for giving away the penalty in the first half. He has a free header in the middle of the box and he picks out the bottom-left corner with his header. 2-1!,1

Havertz got away from Edmundson and Arfield tried to get across on the cover but ended up sliding in and catching the forward. He's shown a yellow card.,2

LEVERKUSEN HAVE A SECOND! It's Weiser that swings the cross into the box and Tavernier is at the far post to head it clear. He gets it as far as Aranguiz and he lets it bounce before hitting his shot low into the bottom-right corner of the net. 2-0 Leverkusen!,1

LEVERKUSEN LEAD! It's Havertz that steps up to take it and he sends McGregor the wrong way and coolly sidefoots his spot-kick down the middle of the goal. 1-0 Leverkusen!,1

Demirbay just catches Kamara and stops his run through the middle and just like the midfielder, that booking means he misses the second leg.,2

Kamara picks up the first yellow card of the game after stepping on Weiser's ankle. That booking means he misses the second leg in Germany next week.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! MAN CITY 3-0 ARSENAL!!! Aguero clips the ball over Leno at the end of a counter. The ball hits the post and Foden is first to the rebound, the young midfielder making no mistake with his finish into an unguarded net.,1

Guardiola turns to Aguero for the final 10 minutes. The Argentina striker will take the place of Jesus up top.,0

Arteta makes a triple substitution with less than 25 minutes to salvage something. Nketiah is on for Lacazette in the first of those changes.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! MAN CITY 2-0 ARSENAL!! De Bruyne sends the penalty towards the bottom-right corner and Leno dives the opposite way. City have a two-goal lead and a one-man advantage.,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! MAN CITY 1-0 ARSENAL!! City take the lead right at the end of the first half through Sterling's first goal of 2020. David Luiz fails to cut out De Bruyne's pretty weak pass from the right and Sterling puts his foot through it when one-on-one with Leno. Poor from David Luiz, that!,1

David Luiz is brought on for Mari with a little over a quarter of the contest played. Arsenal have already lost two players to injury.,0

Cancelo is booked for a foul on the left wing and Bologna win a free-kick. However, Perin manages to get a hand to it which clears the danger.,2

Bernadeschi is withdrawn in place of Chiellini, with Juventus looking to tighten things up as we enter the closing stages.,0

Bentancur receives Juventus' first yellow card of the game for a late challenge in the middle of the park.,2

Pulgar receives the first booking of the match for tripping Ronaldo on the left wing. Juventus now have a chance to get the ball into the box.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Barcelona break the deadlock, they lead 1-0! Rakitic fires them into the lead after the ball falls to him in the penalty area. Messi tried to work space for the shot himself, but just can't find the space and it fires out to Rakitic who was unmarked and he smashed it past Simon and into the back of the net.,1

Williams has played well for Bilbao, but hasn't been involved as much in the second half. Villalibre is his replacement.,0

Double substitution now for Barca, with Busquets heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Rakitic.,0

Barca have made their first substitution of the game, with Arthur the man coming off and he has been replaced by Puig.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Busquets for a high footed challenge on Wiliams. Poor and unnecessary challenge by the midfielder.,2

Derby-day hero Foden, the man of the hour for City, comes off to rapturous applause from all of a blue persuasion inside the Etihad. Bobb gets the briefest of cameos to end this game.,0

GOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! GAME OVER! City make it 3-1 and that is the Manchester derby wrapped up. All may be forgiven for his inexplicable first-half miss as Rodri dispossesses Amrabat before rolling through for Haaland towards the right of goal. The Norway talisman takes a touch to set himself before slotting a left-footed finish into the bottom-left corner. Onana stretches but is never keeping that one out, with Guardiola’s men sealing derby-day bragging rights in style!,1

Teenage midfielder Mainoo, who has impressed on his first Manchester derby start at the Etihad, also comes off for Amrabat.,0

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL! CITY TAKE THE LEAD! Big players, big moments. Foden seizes the initiative and sends the Premier League champions into a 2-1 lead with 10 minutes remaining. The England international receives possession from De Bruyne on the left, playing a one-two with Alvarez and breaking into the United box. Foden then drills a low left-footed effort towards the bottom-right corner, where Onana gets a hand on the strike but fails to keep it out! What a moment for the City academy product!,1

Rashford, who opened the scoring with a remarkable finish after just eight minutes, comes off for the out-of-form Antony. Ten Hag puts his trust in the former Ajax winger for the final stages.,0

Youth comes on for experience as veteran centre-back Evans makes way for 19-year-old Kambwala, who is introduced into a cauldron of Etihad noise in this Manchester derby.,0

Varane is cautioned by referee Madley after hacking Haaland down after the City striker burst towards goal from the edge of the area.,2

Having watched on as Foden dragged City level, Guardiola makes his first change. Doku is replaced by Alvarez.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! CITY EQUALISE! Each of the boyhood stars for their respective clubs have contributed in roaring fashion in this Manchester derby now. Having seen a Rashford piledriver in the first half, Foden receives a short pass from Rodri before cutting inside from the left. The England winger makes it towards the edge of the area before arrowing a left-footed drive into the top-left corner. Onana has no chance and it is 1-1 at the Etihad!,1

WHAT A GOAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL! UNITED STRIKE FIRST! Take a bow, Marcus Rashford. Onana launches long with a hoisted kick before Fernandes latches onto the loose ball outside the City area. The United captain offloads back to Rashford, who powers a fizzing right-footed strike from 25 yards out. Ederson scrambles across but the forward’s effort cannons off the crossbar and into the City goal! What a strike to send the Red Devils into a 1-0 lead, after the VAR checks and confirms the goal can stand for a potential Fernandes offside.,1

Torreira was not happy that he did not get a free-kick in the final third and his outburst has earned him a booking.,2

Ozil is withdrawn at the break and is replaced by Iwobi. The German was not at his best in the opening 45 minutes.,0

A poor piece of control leads Montoya straight into a challenge with Guendouzi. The full-back is booked for his loose challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LOCADIA EQUALISES!! 1-1!!! Out of nothing Brighton are back in the game. The home side go from defending a corner to scoring at the other end of the pitch. A simple long ball from Propper releases Locadia in behind the Arsenal defence after Lichtsteiner failed to clear with a header. Leno committed himself racing off his line, allowing the forward to knock the ball past the Arsenal keeper before slotting the ball home. Locadia notches his first goal of the season.,1

GOALLLLLL!!!! AUBAMENYANG FINDS THE NET!! 1-0 ARSENAL!! Brighton pay the price for failing to clear their lines as Aubameyang curls an effort past Ryan. Balogun was robbed in his own box by Lacazette. The Frenchman tried to carve out space for a strike himself, but was unable to find a path to goal. He offloaded towards Aubameyang, who guided his effort beyond the Seagulls keeper into the top corner.,1

Gray tries to release Maddison in the final third, but Walker-Peters makes the interception and is then brought down by the Leicester winger. Gray is booked for his challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! ALLI HEADS HOME!!! SPURS 2-0!! Tottenham double their advantage this evening as Alli converts at the back post. Lucas released Son into acres of space down the left flank. He was afforded all the time in the world to lift a cross to the back post. Alli made no mistake with his diving header, powering his effort past Schmeichel. He may have been a fraction offside, but the linesman did not raise his flag. Spurs have control of the contest.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! SON SCORES A STUNNER!! TOTTENHAM 1-0!! Spurs take the lead on the stroke of half time through a rasper from Son. Leicester backed off the South Korean on the edge of the box, inviting him to fire at goal on his left foot. His strike was special, bending into the top corner leaving Schmeichel with no chance. ,1

Should Hellas Verona secure all three points, Simeone will be the hero. He's taken off with seven minutes left though, as Kalinic is chosen to see out the match. ,0

JUVENTUS STEAL ONE BACK! 2-1! Danilo makes an incisive pass from the right which finds McKennie in all kinds of space. The United States international takes a touch to set himself and fires a powerful strike which cannons off the underside of the crossbar and goes in!,1

Morata is shown a yellow card as well for lashing out after Gunter’s foul. That’s the second booking shown to a Juventus player this evening for retaliation as the Bianconeri’s frustration mounts. ,2

Tameze is recalled to the bench with 15 minutes left after a thoroughly impressive shift. Bessa is sent on.,0

Cuadrado's number goes up on the fourth official's board as he is recalled to the bench with 20 minutes remaining. Kulusevski is his replacement. ,0

Allegri makes another change in search of a way to cut the deficit. Bernardeschi is introduced for Arthur.,0

Casale is removed after coming dangerously close to a second booking. Ceccherini is his replacement. ,0

A cynical challenge from Danilo on Caprari near the technical area gets him in trouble with the referee - who produces a yellow card immediately. ,2

This time the free-kick is awarded, and Lazovic is shown a booking for going through the back of Cuadrado. ,2

SIMEONE JUST CANNOT STOP SCORING! 2-0! Unbelievable goal from Simeone who doubles his tally in a matter of minutes! The striker receives a pass on the left edge of the penalty area and takes a touch to set himself before curling a tremendous strike into the far corner of the goal - giving Szczesny absolutely no chance!,1

SIMEONE PUTS HELLAS AHEAD! Barak manages to stay onside to receive a throughball on the edge of the penalty area, before firing a low shot towards Szczesny. The goalkeeper does well to make the initial stop but Simeone is in the perfect place to tap home the rebound! 1-0!,1

LOPEZ MAKES IT 2-1! Soares' sliced shot drops to Lopez in the Roma box. He is under no pressure and puts it past Mirante to get Porto a crucial away goal.,1

ZANIOLO AGAIN! 2-0 ROMA! Dzeko breaks into the Porto half, creating space for a right-footed shot from 25 yards. Casillas cannot get to the ball and it bounces off the post. Zaniolo remains calm to pass the ball into an empty net.,1

GOAAAAL! ZANIOLO PUTS ROMA AHEAD! Zaniolo quickly moves the ball onto his right foot and creates space to shoot under pressure from Telles. His shot goes across goal and past Casillas into the far corner. ,1

Rui has been sent off for a second yellow! Frosinone clear the free-kick and counter through Okoli, but the Napoli man commits a professional foul and is given his marching orders!,3

GOAL! Napoli 2-2 Frosinone! The visitors pull level again, and it’s a double for Cheddira! The visitors make a driving run through Zortea down the right, and his dipped cross finds a powerful header from the striker to finish past Meret!,1

GOAL! Napoli 2-1 Frosinone! The corner is cleared back to Kvaratskhelia on the edge and he dips another shot in. His strike is going low, but Osimhen reads it first, and helps it past Turati from a handful of yards out!,1

GOAL! Napoli 1-1 Frosinone! It’s an absolute nightmare for Meret! The goalkeeper dallies on his clearance, and a lunging block from Soule redirects the ball straight to Cheddira, who strokes home to level matters out of nowhere!,1

Rrahmani is booked for his challenge on Cheddira, to make matters worse for Napoli. They'll be looking to Meret to save them here.,2

GOAL! Napoli 1-0 Frosinone! The hosts have their lead, with an absolutely magnificent strike from Politano. The winger cuts in off the flank, darts along the edge of the box and lifts a terrific finish past Turati, nestled in the far corner.,1

PSG turn to their bench once again and this time Ekitike is the one coming off. Gharbi comes on to replace him.,0

PSG make their first changes of the match with a double change. Left-back Mendes is replaced by Bernat.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! MESSI GIVES PSG THE LEAD!! 2-1! The pressure finally tells and PSG have the lead and it is Messi with the goal. The corner is taken short and it finds its way to Hakimi. The right-back comes inside with a mazy run but he takes a heavy touch and Messi takes it off him, striking the ball first time and sweetly into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

Dejaegere collides with Hakimi as the right-back is looking to advance and receives a yellow card for the foul.,2

GOOOAALLLL!!! PSG EQUALISE!! 1-1!! Hakimi scores with a beautiful finish and PSG are level in this encounter. He has crossed on many occasions so far but the right-back opts to come inside on his weaker left foot and bends a delightful left-footed finish into the far corner with Dupe well-beaten.,1

GOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! TOULOUSE TAKE THE LEAD!! 1-0! The away side make the most of the free-kick and Van den Boomen finds the net. He opts against going over the wall and wrong-foots Donnarumma in the PSG goal who can only watch it as it finds the corner. What a start for the away side.,1

Bitshiabu, who has slotted into centre-back since coming on, already finds himself in the book after a clumsy challenge on Aboukhlal on the edge of the PSG box.,2

Kiwior is introduced in Saka's place, allowing Havertz to take a more advanced role. Saka makes his way around the pitch to applause from the home fans, who will be praying this is only a minor injury.,0

Rice is booked for dissent after questioning the referee's decision to make Saka leave the field on the far side.,2

Juanlu will be extremely relieved to see the back of Martinelli, who is going off after a brilliant individual display. Nelson will get 10 minutes plus stoppage time on the Arsenal left.,0

Ocampos follows Soumare's lead in receiving a quickfire booking shortly after coming on. He chops Martinelli down as the Brazilian threatens to reach top speed again on the left flank.,2

Salas is withdrawn in favour of Ocampos, having been given a tough time of things by Saka on the Arsenal right.,0

Soumare is replaced less than 10 minutes after entering the action, with a yellow card to his name. Mariano is on as Sevilla switch to a 4-4-2 shape.,0

Juanlu is booked after scything Martinelli down near the touchline. In fact, the ball may even have been out of play when he made the tackle! It's no surprise to see him cautioned – Martinelli has had the beating of him all game.,2

Soumare is booked a minute after entering the fray after catching Rice with a late challenge on halfway. He looks up for the fight, at least!,2

Now Sevilla make their first substitutions. Rakitic comes on in midfield, with Sow withdrawn after failing to exert any kind of influence.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL! SAKA GETS THE SECOND! Just as Sevilla were preparing to send Rakitic on, Arsenal double their advantage! Martinelli is at the centre of the move again, taking Zinchenko's throw in his stride before gliding infield and slipping a neat througball into Saka's path. The England star sits Pedrosa down with a great dummy before slotting his finish past Dmitrovic, and Arsenal are 2-0 up!,1

It's Arteta, rather than Alonso, who turns to his bench at the break. Zinchenko replaces Tomiyasu at left-back in a change intended to impart even more control over this match.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! TROSSARD OPENS THE SCORING! Arsenal's pressure pays off as Saka tees Trossard up for a tap-in. Lamela loses possession to Jorginho, who exchanges passes with White in midfield before threading a lovely ball in behind for Saka. The winger picks his head up to find Trossard in the middle, and the Belgian makes no mistake from around eight yards out. 1-0!,1

Nagelsmann decides to take Stanisic out of the game following his clash of heads with Behrens, opting to replace him with Cancelo.,0

Confirmation that Roussillon will be unable to continue in this contest, with Giesselmann coming on in his stead.,0

Mane makes his return to the Bayern XI after sustaining an injury prior to the World Cup. Coman is given an early rest after a great performance.,0

Already shown a yellow card, Thorsby is protected three minutes after the hour, with Seguin taking his place.,0

BAYERN GET ANOTHER BEFORE THE HALF! 3-0! Musiala gets a goal on his 20th birthday, making an intelligent near-post run to get on the end of Muller’s cutback before side-footing his finish past Ronnow!,1

COMAN MAKES IT TWO! 2-0! Ronnow’s goal-kick is won in midfield by De Ligt, who heads the ball into the centre-circle for Muller. The captain plays an intelligent volleyed pass over his shoulder for the charging Coman, who gets on the end of the pass before dragging the goalkeeper off his line and depositing the ball into the empty net!,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Thorsby, whose cynical wrestling with Musiala to prevent a counter-attack does not go unnoticed by the referee.,2

BAYERN FIND THE OPENER! 1-0! Coman’s persistence pays off as the winger once again drives down the flank before standing up a cross to the six-yard box. This time Choupo-Moting meets it, rising highest between Doekhi and Trimmel to loop a header over the outstretched hand of Ronnow!,1

VLAHOVIC RESCUES A POINT FOR JUVENTUS! Bernardeschi’s corner meets the head of Rabiot at the edge of the penalty area, where it’s nodded into the crowd of bodies. Danilo manages to flick it on to the far post for Morata, whose overhead pass across the face of goal sets Vlahovic up with an easy finish! 1-1!,1

Kean comes on for De Sciglio with less than five minutes left as Allegri has no other choice but to attack.,0

MEDEL IS SENT OFF TOO! BOLOGNA DOWN TO NINE! Incensed with the referee's decision to send off Soumaoro, the Chile international has far too much to say to the match official and earns two yellow cards in quick succession as he's sent off as well!,3

Medel goes over to have a word with the referee following the decision and is immediately shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

The referee comes back onto the pitch and shows Soumaoro a straight red card for the challenge on Morata which denied a goal-scoring opportunity. After the review however, the match official has deemed that the contact first occurred outside the penalty area - giving Juventus a free-kick from 18 yards out.,3

BOLOGNA TAKE THE LEAD! Three days shy of his 33rd birthday, Arnautovic powers his side ahead, latching onto Soriano’s throughball with an intelligent run inside the penalty area before rounding Szczesny and turning the ball into the open goal! 1-0!,1

Back to do his defensive work, Arnautovic goes clattering through Cuadrado near the byline with no real chance to win the ball. It's a yellow for the Austria international - who will miss the next game as a result.,2

A late Cuadrado challenge on Orsolini on the edge of the Bologna penalty area earns the Colombia international a yellow card while leaving quite the mark on the visiting forward.,2

After allowing play to continue, the referee comes back to an earlier sliding challenge made by Svanberg on Chiellini, which never had the possibility of winning the ball. It’s a yellow card for the Bologna midfielder; the second booking of the day for the visitors.,2

A Juventus counter-attack is stopped in its tracks by Theate, who comes across to close down Rabiot only to use his hand to break up the move. It’s a yellow card to the centre-back, while Juventus are presented with an opportunity to challenge Skorupski from the ensuing free-kick.,2

Nelson makes way for Aubameyang, as Arsenal give their star striker a brief run out at the end here.  ,0

Willock's had another promising outing in the Europa League today and he's now replaced by Guendouzi.  ,0

ARSENAL GET A FOURTH! Maitland-Niles intelligently picks out Martinelli's run into the six-yard box and the Brazilian dinks it over Milinkovic-Savic for Ceballos to poke over the line! A beautiful team goal! ,1

Willock drives past a few Standard challenges and towards the box, before M'Poku races across to trip him over and earn himself a yellow card.,2

ARSENAL SCORE AGAIN! 3-0! Nelson cuts in for the third time this evening and fires another shot in which gets deflected straight into the path of Willock, who simply rolls a calm finish beyond the goalkeeper from 12 yards! ,1

MARTINELLI SCORES AGAIN! 2-0! What a start for the 18-year-old today! This time the Brazillian receives a pass from Nelson inside the area, before turning his marker and curling an unstoppable finish into the far corner from 12 yards!   ,1

ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Tierney beat his man down the left flank and whipped in an inviting delivery for Martinelli, who stooped to guide a cushioned header beyond Milinkovic-Savic and into the roof of the net!   ,1

Barca make a substitution to shore up their defence following Garcia's dismissal. Mingueza replaces Roberto.,0

RED CARD FOR GARCIA! Garcia receives a second yellow card for hauling down Ramos seconds after he came on. The defender's dismissed and Barca will have to see out the remainder of this game with 10 men.,3

Gonzalez slides in on Joao Mario to become the latest Barca player to get booked. Barca are being humbled here.,2

GOAL! BENFICA 3-0 BARCELONA! Nunez steps up and dispatches his penalty coolly into the bottom right corner, sending Ter Stegen the wrong way and grabbing his second goal of the game. Koeman watches on with the grimace of a man who knows his days are numbered.,1

Dest receives a yellow card for handling the ball. Nunez will now have the chance to put Benfica 3-0 up...,2

GOAL! BENFICA 2-0 BARCELONA! Barca's chances go from bad to worse as Benfica score straight after the visitors' changes! Joao Mario plays a one-two with Yaremchuk to race into the box and force a save from Ter Stegen. The ball rebounds to Rafa who arrows into an empty net!,1

Koeman makes a trio of attacking changes. Busquets is sacrificed to bring on Barca's youth product Gonzalez.,0

Grimaldo sticks a foot out and commits a late challenge on Busquets. The referee responds by whipping out his yellow card.,2

Here's that Barca change. The 17-year-old midfielder Gavi replaces Pique. Frenkie de Jong will step into Barca's back three.,0

GOAL! BENFICA 1-0 BARCELONA! Benfica take an early lead through a great strike from Nunez! The Uruguayan beats the offside trap to reach Weigl's pass and darts into the box from the left, leaving Garcia in his wake before slotting calmly into the bottom left corner.,1

Koke's determination to win the ball results in him catching Fati with a swiping leg. He goes into the book. Barcelona have a free-kick 30 yards from goal.,2

Suarez is withdrawn after notching a goal and an assist against his former club. Another former Barcelona man enters the fray as Griezmann replaces the Uruguayan.,0

Fati replaces Coutinho in the final third for the Catalan club. Barca will attempt to be more direct with their approach.,0

Trippier replaces De Paul at the break for the home side. The Argentine had been cautioned in the first half.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SUAREZ MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 ATLETICO!!!!!! The home side hit Barca on the break and this time Suarez converts the opening. Lemar is played into space down the left flank by Joao Felix and he lifts a cross over the last defender Pique. Suarez takes a touch before calmly picking his spot, firing low into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LEMAR FIRES ATLETICO AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! The home side take the lead as the Frenchman thumps a left-footed strike into the top-right corner. A neat interchange between Joao Felix and Suarez allows the latter to release Lemar into the left-inside channel. He holds his composure to blast his effort past Ter Stegen into the net. Busquets and Pique exchange words after the fact about who was picking up the forward.,1

Gavi barges into Lemar on the left flank with a strong challenge. The referee brandishes the yellow card.,2

Seoane pulls back Nacho's shirt as the centre-back looks to advance into the Getafe half and is shown a yellow card.,2

Iglesias brings down his opposite full-back Camavinga with a late challenge and is shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAAALL!!! MADRID LEAD!! 1-0!! Getafe had a great chance moments earlier and Madrid make them pay with the game's opening goal. Asensio cuts in from the left and is given space to unwind a shot. The Spaniard does just that and it creeps in at the near post, with a slight deflection taking it past Soria.,1

Before that free-kick, the home side make a triple change. First off is Valverde who is replaced by Modric.,0

Alderete is shown a yellow card after he trips up Hazard and Madrid have a free-kick in a promising position on the edge of the box.,2

Trapp's booked for grabbing the ball and preventing Barca from taking it quickly back to the centre circle. If you were in his position, wouldn't you do the same?,2

GOAL! BARCELONA 2-3 EINTRACHT FRANKFURT (3-4 ON AGGREGATE)! Depay smashes the penalty straight at Trapp. The keeper can't hold the ball though, and it bounces up into the crossbar and back down into the net! There's no way Barca have enough time to score a third, but they've made this game much closer than it was half an hour ago.,1

RED CARD FOR N'DICKA! N'Dicka receives his second yellow card in five minutes for his foul on Luuk de Jong, so he has to go! Frankfurt will play however long is left of this game with 10 men.,3

Frankfurt make some final changes in a bid to wind down the clock. The exciting Knauff goes off. Chandler comes on.,0

Knauff slides in on Busquets near the halfway line and takes the Barca captain out. It looks like a red card on first viewing, but the referee is lenient and shows him a yellow. Knauff did slip as he went for the tackle, in his defence.,2

N'Dicka is booked for wasting a few seconds of what little time Barca have left. You can't blame the Frankfurt defender at this point.,2

GOAL! BARCELONA 1-3 EINTRACHT FRANKFURT (2-4 ON AGGREGATE)! Busquets will not be denied! Luuk de Jong's shot from the centre of the box is blocked, and the Barca captain blasts the rebound into the bottom left corner from outside the box! Barca have suddenly woken up! Surely it's too late?,1

Frankfurt make a late change as we enter nine minutes of added time. Maybe this game isn't done yet after all? Borre, scorer of the game's best goal no matter what happens now, goes off. Ache replaces him.,0

Hrustic picks up a yellow card straight after arriving on the pitch by stopping Dembele's left-wing run.,2

Barca's substitutions haven't improved things for them. Still, they make another, as Depay replaces Torres in their forward line.,0

Frankfurt make their first changes of the game. Their players have been full of energy. Hauge takes Lindstrom's place on the pitch.,0

Barca react immediately to that third Frankfurt goal. They have to go for broke now. Garcia goes off. Luuk de Jong comes on.,0

GOAL! BARCELONA 0-3 EINTRACHT FRANKFURT (1-4 ON AGGREGATE)! Frankfurt are surely heading to the Europa League semi-finals! Kostic grabs his second goal of the game as the visitors switch play quickly from a throw-in. Kamada rolls the Serbian into the box, and he slots first-time into the far bottom corner.,1

Barca make two changes. Aubameyang goes off first. Traore comes on. He'll give them more pace down the wing, that's for sure.,0

Barca make a half-time substitution. Pedri, who got caught out a lot in the first hal, gives off. Frenkie de Jong comes on.,0

GOAL! BARCELONA 0-2 EINTRACHT FRANKFURT (1-3 ON AGGREGATE)! Borre doubles Frankfurt's lead on the night and in this tie with an absolute thunderbolt from range! The Colombian is freed by Kostic down the left, shifts the ball onto his right foot and blasts it into the top left corner of the net. Ter Stegen has absolutely no chance of keeping it out.,1

Gavi's shown a yellow card for bringing down Lindstrom. The Frankfurt man was on his way into the penalty area when he was taken out.,2

Jakic is booked after impeding the run of Torres. The yellow card might be for how aggressively the Croatian slammed the turf in frustration as much as the foul itself.,2

GOAL! BARCELONA 0-1 EINTRACHT FRANKFURT (1-2 ON AGGREGATE)! Kostic steps up and sends Ter Stegen the wrong way, slamming the penalty left-footed into the bottom right corner. Game on!,1

Garcia's shown an early yellow card for the obvious foul on Lindstrom. He's going to have to be careful for the rest of the game now. He'll also be suspended from the semi-final first leg should Barca get through.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CHOUPO-MOTING FINISHES IN STYLE!!!!! 5-0 BAYERN!!!! The home side play through the Plzen defence as Goretzka tees up Choupo-Moting to score. The midfielder threads a simple pass behind the Plzen backline for Choupo-Moting to collect and find the net with the aid of the right post.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SANE SCORES BAYERN'S FOURTH!!!!! 4-0!!!!! The home side continue to pour on the agony for Plzen as Sane takes a sublime first touch before burying a strike past Tvrdon. Mane loops a long ball over the top for Sane that he takes in stride before firing into the back of the net on his left foot. All too easy for the hosts.,1

Chory battles with De Ligt and catches the Dutchman with a boot in the chest. He is booked by the referee.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MANE FIRES HOME!!!!! 3-0 BAYERN!!! The Senegal international gets on the scoresheet with a low blast into the bottom-left corner. Mane turns past two defenders before receiving a slice of luck as the ball deflects off N'diaye. He charges onto the loose ball to get there first ahead of the Plzen defence and holds his composure to smash a left-footed strike home. Mane is off the mark in the Champions League this season.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GNABRY MAKES IT TWO!!!!!!!!! BAYERN 2-0!!!!! The home side cut open Plzen on the counter and Gnabry provides a clinical finish. Goretzka threads the needle to find Gnabry in the box. He takes a touch before slotting his effort past Tvrdon into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SANE BLASTS BAYERN AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!! Sane is afforded far too much space and time after combining with Musiala and powers an effort past Tvrdon. The German plays the give-and-go with Musiala to surge to the edge of the Plzen box. There he picks his spot and fires his left-footed drive into the roof of the net.,1

Busquets also sees yellow for haranguing the referee about the two red cards. There's no point - he's already made his mind up. It's a Sevilla free-kick.,2

BARCA GO DOWN TO NINE MEN! Dembele also receives his marching orders as the referee gives him a second yellow for dissent. This game has long been bizarre.,3

RED CARD FOR ARAUJO! Hello, hello! Can Sevilla still score here? Araujo hauls down Hernandez as he bursts through on goal. It's an obvious goal-scoring opportunity and the substitute has to go. Barca are down to 10 men for the last few minutes.,3

GOAL! 4-0 BARCA! Messi curls a delicious free-kick over the wall towards goal. Vaclik gets a hand to it but can't keep it out. What Sevilla would give for a finisher like him.,1

Barca's final change is an enforced one. Todibo can't carry on. Araujo will replace him for the last 15 minutes.,0

Sevilla make their final throw of the dice. Lopetegui hauls off the wasteful Luuk de Jong, bringing on Hernandez in his place. Not the worst person to bring on if you need a goal or three.,0

Barca decide to shore up for the final quarter of the game. Two-assist Arthur is replaced by Busquets.,0

Suarez talks himself into the referee's book after he commits a foul on a Sevilla defender. Same old Suarez.,2

Lopetegui wastes no time in trying to wake up Sevilla. He makes two changes at half-time. First, Torres off for Jordan.,0

Second, Nolito - who was fairly invisible in the first half - is replaced by El Haddadi. Sevilla might as well be bold now.,0

Semedo is booked for hauling down Ocampos on the edge of Barca's box. The winger's been Sevilla's brightest spark so far. Not his fault that Luuk de Jong's finishing has been off.,2

GOAL! 3-0 BARCA! Dembele coolly jinks to the centre of the box and fires past Vaclik into the bottom right corner. Sevilla are embarrassingly brittle. They played so well in the first 30 minutes and now the game's probably beyond them already.,1

Carrico is booked for a crunching tackle on Roberto. Messi's free-kick again whistlers just over the bar.,2

GOAL! 2-0 BARCA! Barca are just too good. Barca tiki-taka it on the edge of the box. Arthur curls a right-footed effort towards goal which Vidal steers into the net first-time. VAR takes a look but Navas is playing Vidal onside. No doubts there!,1

WHAT A GOAL BY SUAREZ! 1-0 BARCA! The Uruguayan is in space in Sevilla's box and curls a fantastic overhead kick into the net. That's what you get if you don't score against Barca.,1

Reguilon is booked for hauling down Messi as he raced after an over-the-top ball. Barca now have a free-kick.,2

Walker, just involved in the incident that saw Zaroury given his marching orders, makes way for McAtee.,0

ZAROURY IS SENT OFF!!! The replays show the substitute's right foot catches Walker high on his left leg, and a VAR review rules the tackle is worthy of a red card. Burnley are down to 10 men!,3

Haaland will not get a hat-trick to start the season as his outing is over. Palmer is on in his place.,0

Guardiola does indeed make changes, first bringing on Gvardiol for his City debut as Lewis makes way.,0

GOAL!!! RODRI SURELY KILLS IT OFF!!! After City were awarded a free-kick for Al Dakhil bundling over Haaland, Foden's set-piece delivery causes havoc in the Burnley box as they fail to clear their lines. It sits up nicely for Rodri to hit, and he coolly smashes home to make it 3-0 to the visitors and surely end any hopes of a Clarets comeback.,1

Kompany looks to his bench, first introducing Bruun Larsen for his Burnley debut in place of Koleosho.,0

GOAL!!! HAALAND AGAIN!!! It is a quite brilliant finish to put City 2-0 up, perhaps against the run of play, as he receives the ball in the box from Alvarez. He opts to shoot first-time, and he curls superbly into the top left corner, kissing the crossbar and going in to put his team in control at Turf Moor.,1

GOAL!!! HAALAND PUTS CITY AHEAD!!! Having netted 36 Premier League goals last season, it has taken just four minutes for him to open his account for this campaign. It is a typical Haaland goal as he lurks in the box while De Bruyne lofts a deep cross for Rodri. The midfielder nods it back across, and the Norway international is waiting to smash home and put the champions 1-0 up!,1

Barcelona's final change is a defensive one as they try to hold onto this lead. Dembele makes way for Balde.,0

FATI SCORES! For the fourth time, Barcelona take the lead! Barca change things up by going down their right this time, and Raphinha pulls it back to Fati, who is unmarked just inside the box. He runs onto it, striking it first time as Nsue slides in, but he lifts his shot over the keeper and into the back of the net. 4-3 Barca!,1

Alvaro pulled up with cramp at the end of the second half, and his game is over after going down again. He goes straight down the tunnel, with Angong replacing him.,0

HAT-TRICK! Incredible from Soldevila! Kounde is pushed off the ball and Intercity break on the counter with three against two. Herrera won it back and carries it forward before slotting it to Soldevila, who is one-on-one with Pena. He coolly slots his shot under the keeper for his third goal of the game. 3-3!,1

Final changes for Intercity now as they try to find a third equaliser. Bellotti is the first to go off, with Undabarrena replacing him.,0

RAPHINHA SCORES! That's exactly the reaction that Xavi was looking for! It comes from the left again, with Alba curling a dangerous low cross into the six-yard box. Campos can't get a touch and the Intercity defenders don't want to risk scoring an own goal. Raphinha makes a late dart to the far post and taps into the empty net. 3-2 Barca!,1

Barcelona are making another change following Intercity's goal. Depay is taken off, with Fati coming on for him.,0

SOLDEVILA SCORES AGAIN! Barca just couldn't clear their lines and it's played out to Cristo, who has acres of space down the left. He lifts a brilliant cross into the six-yard box and Soldevila is in the right place to thump his header past Pena and equalise for the second time in this game. 2-2!,1

Intercity are making another change in response to that Barcelona goal. Pinan goes off, with Xemi on for him.,0

DEMBELE SCORES! And Barcelona are back in the lead! He's been getting a lot of joy since switching out to the left side and Gavi plays a good throughball down the middle for him to chase. Campos rushes off his line, but the Frenchman keeps his cool to chip his shot over him and into the net. 2-1 Barca!,1

There's a triple change for Barcelona in the aftermath of that equaliser. Torre is the first to make way, with Gavi replacing him.,0

SOLDEVILA EQUALISES! Barca didn't clear their lines properly after the free-kick and gave away a corner. The corner is whipped high into the far post where Murria peels away to nod it back into the danger zone. Soldevila is unmarked and he volleys a great first-time effort past Pena, and he can't believe it! 1-1!,1

Torre misjudges the bounce and it allows Soldevila to break. The youngster tugs back his shirt and it shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

ARAUJO SCORES! What a start for Barcelona! It's a good delivery from Torre on the corner, but Araujo has a completely free run through the middle of the box after losing Murria. He throws himself forward at the near post to send his header past Campos and into the back of the net. 1-0 Barca!,1

Another switch for Burnley as Mumbongo comes on for Rodriguez. It's a home Premier League debut for the young forward. ,0

Ederson is booked for fouling Pieters as he charged out from his area. That's a bit of a let off for the visitors. ,2

GOOOOOAAALLLL!! 2-0 MANCHESTER CITY. STERLING!!! What a lovely team goal this is. Mahrez plays a fantastic reverse pass to Gundogan in the box. The German international then smashes a ball across the six-yard box and Sterling converts from close range.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 MANCHESTER CITY. JESUS!!!! Not the start Burnley were looking for and Pope will be very disappointed with this one. Sterling feeds Silva who strikes from 20 yards out. Pope stops the original effort but the ball falls perfectly to Jesus who heads home from close range. That’s a gift for the league leaders.,1

SALAH SCORES AGAIN! And that will do it for Liverpool! Everton committed a lot of bodies forward in search of an equaliser, and they're caught out. Chermiti loses the ball and Szoboszlai slides it forward for Nunez, who surges through the middle. He has Tarkowski ahead of him so he lays it off to Salah, and he rifles a second goal past Pickford at the near post. 2-0 Liverpool!,1

More changes for both sides, starting with Everton. Onana, who has had a good game, goes off for Danjuma.,0

SALAH SCORES! And Liverpool finally have the breakthrough! It's a confident spot-kick from the Egyptian as he powers it into the right side of the net. Pickford barely moves off his line, but even diving the right way, there's no saving that. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

As soon as the free-kick for Konate's foul was taken, Klopp decided he wasn't going to take any chances. Konate is taken off, with Matip on for him.,0

Both sides are making changes here, starting with Everton. Calvert-Lewin is taken off, with Beto replacing him.,0

Onana knocks the ball past Konate, and the Liverpool defender clumsily brings him down to stop the counter. He goes into the book.,2

Everton are making a double change at the break, and they're both defensive as it looks like they'll be switching to a back five. Harrison is the first to go off, with Keane on for him.,0

YOUNG IS SENT OFF! Diaz goes up against the right-back and just manages to get a yard on him. Young slides in trying to make sure he doesn't get into the box, but catches Diaz's leg when he shields the ball. The Liverpool fans are asking for a second yellow and the referee shows him one. Everton are down to 10 men!,3

Tarkowski is late getting across to Gravenberch and cuts out his run. He can have no complaints about the booking.,2

Young steps across Diaz to stop him from getting into the final third, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!!! VALENCIA 1-3 REAL MADRID!!!! PAREJO PULLS ONE BACK! Parejo slams the penalty into the roof of the net, meaning no clean sheet for Courtois. It will surely be nothing more than a consolation, though.,1

Casemiro mistimes his tackle on substitute Sobrino and is shown the first yellow card of the contest.,2

Mariano is on for Jovic, who has been pretty underwhelming today. He does leave the field with an assist for Modric's strike, though.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! VALENCIA 0-3 REAL MADRID!!! MODRIC KILLS OFF THE CONTEST! Madrid have been brilliant today - and this is yet another impressive goal. Modric picks up the ball from Jovic on the right-hand side of the box, shows some good footwork and then sends an outside-of-the-boot effort spinning away from Jaume.,1

Gomez is on for Kondogbia as Valencia seemingly change formation. Not surprising given they require at least two goals.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! VALENCIA 0-2 REAL MADRID!!! ISCO DOUBLES MADRID'S LEAD! Carvajal slots the ball in behind for Valverde, who does well to pick out Modric in the middle. Modric's shot is blocked in front of goal but Isco controls the rebound and fires it past Jaume to give Madrid some breathing space.,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!! VALENCIA 0-1 REAL MADRID! UNBELIEVABLE FROM KROOS! Madrid have dominated the early stages and they have taken the lead through some Kroos brilliance. The midfielder spots Jaume is not properly positioned and whips in a corner that catches out the Valencia keeper. Jaume gets two hands to it but he is behind the line and is unable to spare his blushes.,1

Rudiger is booked, but is lucky to avoid further action after leaving the ground with both feet in his challenge on Fofana.,2

ALONSO!!! 1-1! What a lovely equaliser by Chelsea! Following a neat exchange of passes, James produces a delicious diagonal ball into the area, where Alonso fantastically fires home on the volley.,1

MADDISON!!! 1-0 LEICESTER! The visitors take the lead against the run of play! After Castagne latches onto Schmeichel's long clearance, the ball breaks kindly for Maddison. The midfielder works space on the edge of the box, before firing past Mendy.,1

Shaw is off and Williams on in United's third change. Shaw departs having netted the opener for the visitors in this straightforward win.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! DERBY 0-3 UNITED!!! Ighalo slips in Mata down the right and the return pass sets him up nicely to shoot. The first attempt hits Bogle in front of goal, but he buries his next effort into the roof of the net.,1

Fernandes has put in another good shift today. He is replaced by Pereira for the final 23 minutes or so.,0

Lawrence limps off the field against his former club after struggling to shake off the Achilles injury sustained a little earlier. Whittaker is on in his place.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! DERBY 0-2 UNITED!!! Ighalo doubles United's lead at Pride Park! Shaw threads the ball through to the striker, who squeezes between Lowe and Forsyth before poking a shot past Roos. He gets a little bit of luck with a fortunate bounce, but full credit for tucking it away.,1

GOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! DERBY 0-1 UNITED!!! The visitors take the lead through Shaw's fortunate strike. The full-back's shot is hit into the ground and takes a big touch off Lingard, helping it loop over the reach of Roos in the Derby goal.,1

Sibley leads a Derby counter and is taken out by Shaw, who is shown the first yellow card of the contest.,2

It's a needless challenge from Mac Allister, who slides in on the back of Bowen when he cuts inside. Robertson had it covered, and now he has a yellow card and West Ham have a late free-kick.,2

Into the first of five added minutes here, and Liverpool are making another change. Klopp is going for it now, replacing Quansah with Szoboszlai.,0

Diaz, who had two shots on target and hit the post in a bright performance, goes off for Salah, who shared some frustrated words with his manager before coming on.,0

Liverpool were ready to make this triple change before the equaliser, but now Klopp has the chance to bring them on. Alexander-Arnold is the first to go off, with Gomez replacing him.,0

ANTONIO EQUALISES! We're back on level terms! Again, Liverpool are hesitant to get close to West Ham, and Bowen curls a cross into the middle. Antonio peels off the back of Quansah to be left with a free header, and he cushions it back across goal and into the top corner. 2-2!,1

West Ham are making the first change of the game, and it's an attacking one. Soucek goes off for Ward-Prowse.,0

ROBERTSON EQUALISES! Liverpool's quick start to the second half pays off! Diaz cuts inside from the left and lays it off to Robertson, who has two West Ham players closing him down. He gets the shot away quickly, but a slight deflection off Paqueta takes it away from Areola and in off the inside of the near post. 1-1!,1

BOWEN SCORES! West Ham lead! After all of Liverpool's dominance, it is another set-piece that catches them out. Paqueta takes the corner short to Kudus, who puts a good cross into the middle of the box. Bowen gets in front of his marker to flick it towards the far post, and despite getting a hand to it, Alisson cannot keep it out. 1-0 West Ham!,1

Endo has two attempts at dragging Kudus back, neither of them successful. The referee pulls play back and shows the midfielder the first yellow card of the game.,2

Jose Mourinho also chooses to make his second substitution of the match at the same break in play as Fred is replaced by Marouane Fellaini.  ,0

Marcus Rashford contributed little to the match despite his side’s overwhelming lead. He goes off for Juan Mata.,0

UNITED LEAD 3-0! Pogba gallops towards the penalty area and looks to his left where Martial is making a run into the area unmarked. The winger receives the delivery in-stride and curls the ball around the goalkeeper, but not before the shot takes a deflection which makes the effort unstoppable!,1

Christian Fassnacht will play no further part in this match. Nicolas Moumi Ngamaleu is his replacement.,0

Djibril Sow looks to have picked up an injury to his left hamstring and Michel Aebischer is on to relieve him for the final 30 minutes.,0

It’s a slow, stuttering run-up from the captain but the shot itself is world class. Von Ballmoos does incredibly well to guess the right way and get a hand to it, but the strike is taken with conviction and the necessary height. 2-0 United!,1

PAUL POGBA GIVES UNITED THE ADVANTAGE! 1-0 to the Red Devils as the Manchester United captain receives the ball on the edge of the penalty area, shifts his weight to open up some room, takes a step into the box and fires a thunderbolt past Von Ballmoos in the Young Boys goal.,1

GOALLLLL!! 4-1 and Solanke has two! Fuchs looks to play a simple pass inside to Bennett, however, Solanke is alert to the danger and jumps in, rounding Bennett before sliding his shot between Schmeichel's legs with his left-foot.,1

Stanislas goes to take a throw but is booked before he can do so. Attwell seems to think the winger was time wasting. ,2

RED CARD FOR LEICESTER! After the goal Soyuncu gets caught up in an altercation with Callum Wilson in the net before lashing out and putting the striker on the floor. VAR checks it and decides the centre-back has kicked out and will have to go for violent conduct. What was he thinking there? ,3

GOAL!!!! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH. What a turn around. Rico’s long ball is flicked on by Callum Wilson and in to the path of Solanke. The striker races away down the left before firing a right-footed shot which squeezes under Schmeichel and rolls into Leicester’s net. It looks like something has gone on off the ball with Soyuncu in the net too.,1

GOALLLL!!! 1-1! Stanislas coolly chips the penalty down the middle as Schmeichel incorrectly dives to his right and cannot make up for his mistake which led to the penalty. ,1

Ndidi is booked for his foul on Callum Wilson for the penalty. He, arguably, is lucky to escape a red card there as it looked deliberate.,2

Billing comes on for Gosling, who looked poor in the first-half after being booked for his late challenge on Perez.,0

Danjuma, who saw relatively little of the ball in the first-half, is replaced by Stanislas on the left wing. ,0

Attwell plays an advantage but goes back to book Gosling for a late slide tackle on Perez in the middle of the park. ,2

GOALLLLLL!!!!! 1-0 LEICESTER. Iheanacho is slid in down the left wing and chips the ball over the advancing Ramsdale. Gosling and Kelly then make a mess of the clearance on the line and Vardy tackles the ball in from two yards out.,1

Bennett replaces the injured Albrighton, who went down after what seemed like a somewhat innocuous challenge with Solanke. ,0

PSG's third switch sees Silva leave the pitch, with Paredes called upon to replace the hosts' captain.,0

PSG's second subsitution sees Meunier replaces  Kehrer after the full-back limped off with an injury.,0

GOOOAL! It's an instant impact from Di Maria as he makes it 3-0! Verratti dispossesses Paquiez on the left wing and then plays it inside to Mbappe who assesses his options before slotting a measured pass into the feet of Di Maria, and the substitute takes a touch before burying his effort into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

The first subsitiution of the match sees Tuchel call time on Sarabia's league debut and replaces him with Di Maria.,0

Draxler receives PSG's second booking of the match after making an aggressive sliding challenge on Alakouch after the ball had gone.,2

GOOOAL! Mbappe makes it 2-0 to PSG! Bernat does well to get on the end of Marquinhos' long ball into the right-hand side of the box, and the defender takes a touch before cutting it back to find Mbappe who fires it into the roof of the net from about eight yards out. ,1

Verratti receives the first booking of the match after his forceful tackle catches Bobichon's leg just outside the Nimes box.,2

GOOOAL! Cavani makes it 1-0 to the hosts! The Uruguayan makes no mistake from the spot as he buries it beyond Bernardoni in the far left-hand corner. The goalkeeper went the correct way, but Cavani's effort was far too powerful for him.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! CITY STRIKE LATE! 3-1! But Copenhagen can't defend this one! Foden continues his superb run of form with a late strike to give City a crucial two-goal lead. De Bruyne gets to the byline and cuts it back onto the six-yard line where the Englishman is waiting to slam home past Grabara with virtually the last kick of the game. Gut-wrenching for the hosts to concede so late on.,1

A late challenge from Diks on Silva means the Copenhagen defender swiftly joins Falk in the referee's book.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Falkfor for dissent after the referee felt he was too physical in a challenge on Haaland.,2

Another change for the hosts as Goncalves makes way for Hojlund, brother of Manchester United striker Rasmus, in central midfield.,0

Before the set-piece, though, the hosts will make a change as Claesson makes way for Cornelius. De Bruyne eventually delivers the corner but Copenhagen clear it away.,0

GOOOAAALLL!! CITY BACK IN FRONT! 2-1! A cute finish from Silva and the visitors are back ahead. An uncharacteristically heavy touch from De Bruyne works out in City's favour as the ball ricochets off Mattsson and into the path of Silva. The Portuguese midfielder takes it superbly, though, lifting the ball over Grabar and into the far corner with the outside of his boot.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!! COPENHAGEN EQUALISE! 1-1! A gift from Ederson and Mattsson levels for the hosts on debut. It's a nightmare for the City keeper who clears the ball straight to Elyounoussi. His effort is blocked but the ball falls straight into the path of the onrushing Mattsson who produces a superb first-time strike which flies past the Brazilian and into the top-right corner.,1

Grealish did come back on but to no avail. The Englishman has to depart with Doku on as his replacement.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!! CITY LEAD!! 1-0! Well, that didn't take long as De Bruyne fires City ahead. Foden picks up the ball on the right side after a great switch of play from Dias and it's a cute reverse pass into the Belgian who ghosts into the box before slotting the ball past Grabara and into the far corner.,1

Dionisi makes his final substitution, as Erlic is withdrawn and Ferrari steps into the Croatian's shoes at centre-back.,0

Sassuolo make a further change, this time up front. Having now scored only once in nine league meetings with his former club, Pinamonti traipses off; Defrel jogs on.,0

Reacting to falling behind, Inter make no less than four changes: first, Thuram is replaced by the vastly experienced Sanchez, who only recently returned to San Siro for a second spell.,0

BERARDI DOES IT AGAIN! Inter trail 2-1 to Sassuolo at San Siro! After leaving Mkhitaryan flat-footed by dancing past him on the right, Berardi lets fly with a typically clinical finish, which nestles into the bottom-left corner of the net: Sommer had no chance this time! What a way to put the Neroverdi in front!,1

Shortly after scoring, Bajrami is somewhat surprisingly hauled off by Dionisi; former Milan man Castillejo comes on.,0

Sassuolo introduce more fresh legs in order to preserve their point. First, Viti is replaced by Ruan at the back.,0

SASSUOLO STRIKE! The Neroverdi haul themselves level! Scoring his ninth Serie A career goal - and perhaps one of the most important - Bajrami gets his team back into this game. Latching on to Berardi's pass, he picks up the ball on the right side of the box before beating Sommer at the near post! 1-1!,1

INTER LEAD! Just before the break, the home side go in front! Invited by a hyper-cautious Viti to jink inside from the right, Dumfries finally steps away from his marker before sending an unerring strike straight into the bottom corner from 18 yards out! Thuram fed his team-mate, but that was all the wing-back's hard work: 1-0 to the Nerazzurri!,1

GOAL! Pepe steps up and blasts a great strike past Buffon and into the top right-hand corner of the net.,1

With the victory as good as theirs, PSG have decided to make a triple substitution. The first player to come on is Diaby, who replaces Bernat.,0

GOAL! Neymar makes it 2-0! PSG have been the better team since the half-time break and now have all three points safely under their belts thanks to the Brazilian, who beats Maignan with a deflected strike from the edge of the penalty area.,1

GOAL! There it is! It's taken them over two-thirds of the game but PSG have finally found a way in front, with Mbappe curling a wonderful strike into the corner of the net from the edge of the penalty area.,1

The yellow card is out once again, and this time it's Celik who receives one after cynically pulling Neymar's arm after being beaten by the Brazilian out wide.,2

Verratti goes to ground and catches Pepe with a mistimed sliding challenge, leaving the referee with no choice but to show the Italian a yellow card.,2

Lille have made their first substitution of the game, with the ineffectual Leao making way for Rui Fonte.,0

As was the case at the start of the first half, it hasn't taken long for the refere to go to his pocket, with Mendes receiving a yellow card for a foul during the build-up to an early PSG attack.,2

Pepe twists and turns over on the right flank before being clattered into by Bernat, resulting a yellow card for the PSG wing-back and a free kick for Lille in a very promising position.,2

Well, that didn't take long! With 35 seconds on the clock, Ballo-Toure cynically drags Di Maria to the ground after being beaten by the winger out wide and leaves the referee with no choice but to book him.,2

Ogbonna is booked after tripping Vydra on the counter attack. It was very similar to Tarkowski's trip on Antonio which was only deemed to be a warning by the referee.,2

Bowen is replaced by Yarmolenko. Bowen has had a great game today, he's looked a real threat on the wing for the Hammers and looks absolutely shattered as he leaves the pitch.,0

Soucek is booked for a late tackle on Westwood. The Czech midfielder picks up the second booking of the game.,2

Wood is replaced by Rodriguez who hasn't scored in his last 18 appearances for Burnley. Now would be a great time to end that drought.,0

Benrahma is replaced by Lanzini as Moyes makes his first change of the game. It looks like Lanzini will take up the role behind Antonio and provide some fresh legs for pressing high up the pitch.,0

Barnes is replaced by Vydra as Dyche makes his second change of the match. Burnley needed to make a change in attack as it really wasn't working with Barnes and Wood up front together.,0

Barnes picks up the first booking of the match after clattering into Fabianski after the 'keeper took a heavy touch before clearing the ball. ,2

McNeil replaces Gudmundsson at the break. Sean Dyche makes an attacking change to try and hurt West Ham down the wings in the second half and get more crosses into the forwards.,0

GOALLL! ANTONIO OPENS THE SCORING! A brilliant finish at the far post as he reacted quickly from a flick from Mee and slots the ball into the back of the net. 1-0 West Ham.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL! And this one will definitely count! It's Chiesa, the man they were all here to see, who leaves Antov for dead despite the defender tugging on his shirt, cuts inside and shoots a curler that hits the inside of the post and clatters in. What a goal! Juventus 2-1 Monza.,1

Soule also makes way for Chiesa, who receives a huge cheer from the Juve supporters as he runs onto the pitch.,0

Anotv blocks Iling-Junior from dribbling past him, and he's swiftly booked by the referee. He isn't too bothered, though, as he high-fives his teammates for stopping the attack. Juventus' subsequent free-kick from the foul is cleared rather quickly.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAAL!!!! And we're level from a corner. Valoti sees immediately where the ball is going and attacks it, flicking it with his head into the top of the net before any Juve player can react. Juventus 1-1 Monza.,1

GOOOOALLLLLLLLL!!!! That didn't take long! Juve win the ball back, and perfect cross comes in from McKennie on the right-hand side. It has just enough pace and height on it for Kean to rise above and head it home. Juventus 1-0 Monza.,1

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! UNITED 2-0 CITY!!! In a rush to get the ball forward, Ederson rolls the ball straight to McTominay around 35 yards from goal. The United substitute does not have to think twice - he takes on the shot first time, finds the unguarded net and leaves City's keeper red faced.,1

Fred goes to ground inside the City box, but referee Mike Dean feels he dived under minimal contact from Otamendi and reaches into his pocket.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! UNITED 1-0 CITY!!! Fernandes chips a free-kick over City's wall and Martial, having got away from a couple of players, volleys past Ederson at the City keeper's near post. Ederson will wonder exactly how that one squirmed through his grasp.,1

Gundogan goes right through Fernandes as United win another free-kick. City's players are furious with the decision and Fernandinho is cautioned for protesting.,2

RED CARD! Pastore hasn't even come onto the pitch, but he has been shown a straight red card for dissent after arguing with the failure to award Elche a penalty a couple of minutes ago.,3

There have been a lot of fouls in the last few minutes and Nico is another to be booked. It's getting heated out there.,2

Alves is now booked after he blatantly blocks Mojica after the left-back flicked the ball past him on the touchline.,2

He's only been on the pitch for two minutes, but Ponce has already picked up a yellow card after he deliberately stops Busquets from turning and starting a Barca attack.,2

The hosts are making a double change now, with Morente the first to come off and he has been replaced by Ponce.,0

GOOOAAALLL! BARCA EQUALISE! Torres makes it 1-1 on the hour mark! The winger has looked lively since coming on at the break and he's got his side back into this one. Dembele's cross from the right reaches Alba, who manages to squeeze a pass into the six-yard box and Torres is the quickest to react and he pokes it into the back of the net from close range.,1

Dembele is the latest man to be shown a yellow card, after he wanted a free-kick and argued his point a bit too much for the officials liking.,2

Barragan is booked for a late challenge in the middle of the pitch and Barca have another opportunity to build an attack.,2

Araujo is the first player to be booked after he dives into a challenge with Milla and gets the ball, but the follow-through catches the striker high.,2

Barca have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Torres coming on and he has replaced Gavi.,0

GOOOAAALLL! ELCHE TAKE THE LEAD! Fidel opens the scoring just before the break and fires the home side ahead after a huge mistake by Pedri. The Barca midfielder tries to win the ball back after they lose it in midfield, but inadvertently plays a pass straight into the feet of Fidel, who races into the box and then drills it into the bottom right corner of the net. They lead 1-0!,1

Toure's goal remains the difference as the clock ticks towards full-time, and he's applauded off by the home fans as Kaiky replaces the striker.,0

Martinez is in no hurry to take a goal kick, but is hurried along by the referee, having been shown a yellow card for time-wasting.,2

The booked Robertone is first off for Almeria, and Belgian forward Largie Ramazani replaces him for the hosts.,0

Suarez has continued to threaten in the second half, but comes off now for Adrian Embarba to see out the game.,0

Alba also comes off after being very busy down the left-hand side, and Marcos Alonso replaces him down that side of the defence.,0

Gavi's not happy with a throw-in given against Barca, and that makes the referee unhappier still, as he shows the youngster a yellow card, which rules Gavi out of the Blaugrana's next league game.,2

Raphinha attempts to take a free-kick quickly for Barcelona, but it's too quick for the referee, who shows the substitute a harsh yellow card!,2

De Jong looks to make a burst down the left side, but is held back from doing so by Chumi and the Almeria right-back is booked.,2

Barca re-gain possession and Lewandowski drops deep to help out, but Robertone slides through the back of him and is shown a yellow card.,2

Raphinha comes on at half-time for Barca, replacing Kessie in a change which will likely see Gavi drop back into the midfield three, and Torres swap flanks to the left.,0

Almeria look to counter but Suarez is smashed into from behind by Garcia, who receives the first yellow card of the game as a result.,2

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! Throw away the script, Almeria have shocked Barca!!! Ely's long clearance is chested down by Toure, and Suarez chips the ball over the top. Toure chases hard and fends off the attention of Garcia, before lashing a half-volley beyond Ter Stegen and into the back of the net!!! Almeria lead 1-0, and what a breakaway goal to breach the supposedly impregnable Blaugrana defence!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! D'AMBROSIO! INCREDIBLE! 4-3 INTER! Two goals in less than 90 seconds! A deflected cross loops up at the back post and the defender towers over Vlahovic to nod in what might well be the winner.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! LUKAKU! Inter's talisman comes to their rescue! His shooting has been wayward here, but his close-range finish just evades Dragowski this time. 3-3!,1

A magnificent Ribery performance comes to an end. He created two goals and might have had further assists. Cutrone is on.,0

This is some Inter line-up now! It is all out attack, with Sanchez replacing Perisic, who was playing at wing-back.,0

How is this for a double substitution? Inter introduce power in the centre of the pitch with Nainggolan first on for Barella.,0

Are Fiorentina looking to sit on this lead now? Chiesa makes way for a more defensive-minded option in Lirola.,0

Inter want more energy on the flank - the same side Ribery is playing - as Young makes way for Hakimi.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! CHIESA! Fiorentina lead! Incredible! It's 3-2! The game is so open right now and Chiesa races onto a sensational Ribery pass to dink a finish past Handanovic, whose weak hand cannot stop the ball crossing the line.,1

Fiorentina make their first changes. Valero, the ex-Inter man, replaces former Milan midfielder Bonaventura.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! CASTROVILLI! We are level again! 2-2! This is wonderful from Castrovilli, whose energy knows no bounds. He plays a pass forward down the left to launch an attack and then races into the area, taking a return pass on his right before shooting with his left. Handanovic cannot get close to a powerful low finish.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! MARTINEZ! Clinical! The Inter striker has scarcely had sight of the goal but picks his spot at the end of an Inter counter. Martinez shapes a finish into the bottom-right corner to level the match at 1-1.,1

This Fiorentina booking will stand! Ceccherini pretty rashly chops down Martinez by the corner flag. The forward has nowhere to go but buys a foul and a card for his opponent.,2

Inter's frustration is getting the better of them already. A second foul in quick succession sees Barella catch Ribery and go into the book.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! KOUAME! Incredible! It's 1-0 from Fiorentina's first attack! Eriksen gifts possession to the visitors on halfway and Ribery leads the attack. His cross passes through the box, but then Biraghi centres. Kouame and Bonaventura come together and the ball drops kindly for the latter, who squares for the former to tap in. Simple stuff.,1

Saul brings Cucurella down with a dangerously high boot just outside his own penalty area and receives a yellow. This presents Getafe with a fantastic chance to hit the target - their best of the evening. ,2

Confirmation of the defensive-minded change - though it looks more precautionary than anything serious for Joao Felix as he is withdrawn for Llorente.,0

Joao Felix is once again the target of a tackle as Fajr lunges in from behind and catches the Portugal international on his way to the ball. The referee produces a yellow card in response.,2

IT’S A SECOND YELLOW IN TWO MINUTES FOR LODI! THE LEFT-BACK IS SENT OFF! During an aerial duel, the LaLiga debutant climbs on the back of Suarez - sending the Getafe player to the floor and slapping him in the face in the process. The referee does not hesitate and shows him a second booking! It’s 10 against 10!,3

VAR HAS INTERVENED AND IT’S RED! Replays show that Molina stamped on the foot of Thomas, twisting his ankle horribly. The referee has rescinded the yellow card upon review, and awarded the Getafe striker and captain a red card!   ,3

ATLETICO MADRID HAVE THEIR GOAL! It’s a simple finish for Morata who barely had to jump in order to turn Trippier’s pacey cross past Soria! Djene was the man marking him, but he barely put up a fight, allowing a neat finish from the centre of the penalty area.,1

Cabrera is shown a yellow card for an absolutely needless challenge on Joao Felix inside the centre-circle, leading with his elbow to win the ball and catching the striker in the face.,2

Sanchez comes off having also been a crucial cog in this Marseille machine at the Velodrome, and Vitinha, of Marseille this time, replaces the Chilean.,0

Under has been quieter in the second half, but has still had a massive part to play in this game, and comes off to rousing applause for new signing Azzedine Ounahi to see out the final minutes.,0

Verratti's been at the centre of plenty in the middle of the park in this game, but comes off now for Carlos Soler, who scored PSG's penultimate goal in their 7-0 round of 32 victory over Pays de Cassel.,0

Mendes runs through the middle and looks to shoot, but Veretout gets back to dispossess him with a well-timed tackle. The PSG left-back lashes out though, and is rightfully shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Danilo also comes off as PSG look to get themselves back into the game by introducing teenage striker Warren Zaire-Emery.,0

Neymar is the next to go down, after being caught late by Mbemba, and the centre-back becomes the second OM player in as many minutes to go into the book.,2

The second half has kicked off in a very feisty manner, and after Verratti attempts to skip through midfield, he's tripped by Guendouzi, who is shown a yellow card which has certainly been coming.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Never. In. Doubt! Sanchez steps up to take the penalty, and with a hop and a skip nestles the ball nonchalantly into the bottom corner, sending Donnarumma the wrong way and Marseille into a 1-0 lead! It's no less than they deserve, and the home fans certainly know it!,1

In the aftermath of their goal, Brighton are making their final change. It's a defensive one as Webster comes on to replace March.,0

MITOMA SCORES! Brighton's patient play pays off as they knock it around down the left, opening up space. Sarmiento benefits from it, curling a brilliant cross in and Mitoma drifts onto the end of it, sending his header towards the near post. Neto gets a hand on it, but can't stop it from crossing the line. 1-0 Brighton!,1

Brighton were arguing that Veltman was fouled by Semenyo in the build-up, but the defender went down extremely easily. Caicedo leads the protests and picks up a booking for dissent.,2

Brighton are making another double change here. Undav is the first to go off, with Enciso replacing him.,0

Dunk was late getting across to Rothwell in his attempts to break up the counter. The referee played the advantage but has now gone back to book him for it.,2

That was Gilmour's final involvement of the game as he's the first to go off in a double change. Caicedo comes on to a very warm reception from the crowd.,0

Neto smothered a throughball and set Bournemouth on the break. Veltman wrestles Semeyo down to stop him and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOAAALLL! IT’S 5-0! Grealish and Foden play a lovely one-two down the left wing, before Grealish races into the box and then squares it across the box to Sterling, who coolly converts to make it five in stoppage time.,1

GOOOAAALLL! FODEN SCORES A FOURTH! Grealish races down the left wing beating Trippier, before pulling it back to Zinchenko, who drills a low cross into the path of Foden, who diverts the ball into the back of the net to make it 4-0 late on.,1

Targett has been shown a yellow card late on, after he pulls Sterling to the ground down the right wing.,2

De Bruyne is booked for a blatant foul on Saint-Maximin as the Newcastle man looked to break forward on the counter-attack.,2

Burn ia booked for a series of coming togethers with Laporte in the penalty area as a corner is set to come into the box.,2

GOOOAAALLL! RODRI MAKES IT 3-0! De Bruyne delivers a superb corner delivery into the penalty area towards the near post and Rodri gets ahead of Krafth and powers his header past Dubravka and into the back of the net.,1

City have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Dias coming off and Fernandinho is his replacement.,0

GOOOAAALLL! CITY DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! De Bruyne delivers a deep corner into the box, which finds Gundogan on the edge of the penalty area and he fires a shot at goal, which Dubravka spills in the six-yard box. Dias tries to pounce, but the keeper makes the save, before the rebound falls to Laporte, who smashes it home from close range. It’s 2-0 just before half-time.,1

Guimaraes is booked for a very late sliding challenge on Grealish and the Newcastle man gets nowhere near the ball. Deserved yellow card.,2

GOOOAAALLL! CITY TAKE THE LEAD! Sterling fires the hosts ahead after 19 minutes after a superb cross from Gundogan finds Cancelo at the far post and he heads the ball back across goal to Sterling, who heads home from close range, with Dubravka unable to get anywhere near it. They lead 1-0!,1

Another late change for Arsenal as they look to run the clock down a little more. Lacazette makes way, with Nketiah on for him.,0

Daka is chasing back to try and stop Saka's run, and he tries a tug before clumsily clipping the youngster's heels. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Leicester are making a double change here, and Pereira is the first to go off, with Justin on in his place.,0

LACAZETTE SCORES! It's a great penalty from the Arsenal captain. He confidently steps up to the spot and stutters just before he hits it. Schmeichel dives the right way, but has no chance of saving it as the Frenchman fires it into the top corner. 2-0 Arsenal!,1

Gabriel is staying tight to Iheanacho, so the forward tries to push him away. He's not looking at the defender but catches him in the face with his hand, so the Leicester man is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

PARTEY SCORES! Martinelli swings the corner into the box and Partey just drifts into space at the near post. The Leicester defenders lose him and he's able to flick it on and it flies past Schmeichel. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MARTINEZ CONVERTS AFTER A BRILLIANT LUKAKU RUN!!!!! 3-1 INTER!!!! The home side restore their two-goal advantage as Martinez taps home at the back post, but the effort is all about Lukaku. Brozovic sends the forward down the right flank and he surges past Parolo, running at full speed for at least 40 yards. From the inside channel, he places a perfect ball across the face of goal for Martinez, who provides the finish into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ESCALANTE DEFLECTS MILINKOVIC-SAVIC'S EFFORT INTO THE NET!!! 2-1!! Lazio are back in the game with a huge slice of luck. Milinkovic-Savic lines up a strike from a free-kick on the edge of the box. He smashes his effort straight into the hip of Escalante. The ball deflects off the midfielder, travels towards goal and completely wrong-foots Handanovic to find the back of the net.,1

Lazio break on a counter and Lazzari lines up a strike, forcing Hakimi to bring down the defender. The wing-back goes into the book, while Lazio have a free-kick on the edge of the box.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! LUKAKU FIRES HOME!!!!! 2-0 INTER!!! Lukaku displays his predatory instincts with a strike from close range. There's a huge element of fortune about the goal as Brozovic slides to win a challenge with Lazzari. The ball deflects into the path of the Belgian in the box and he is left with only Reina to beat, blasting his effort into the bottom-left corner. VAR plays a role in awarding the goal as the officials initially chalked off the strike for offside, but the forward was on and punished the visitors.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUKAKU CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!!!! 1-0 INTER!!!! The Belgian makes no mistake from 12 yards. He stutters in his run-up before placing his strike with power on his left foot into the bottom-left corner, sending Reina the wrong way.,1

JUVENTUS HAVE THEIR INSURANCE! 2-0! Bernardeschi plays a pass into the penalty area with the outside of his foot for Dybala, who gets on the ball and fires a low drive to the far post with his left - beating the outstretched palm of Sirigu!,1

Kean runs across Biraschi during the defender's attempted clearance - catching his shooting leg after the ball had gone. It's a yellow card for the Juventus substitute.,2

Morata is taken off by Allegri as Kean is sent on - which prompts the Spain international to get into an argument with his coach on the sidelines. The former Chelsea and Atletico Madrid striker unleashes his frustration on Allegri, who isn’t shy of yelling back.,0

Morata is called for handball inside Genoa’s penalty area and has words for both Biraschi and the referee. The striker has been furious for much of the game but this time his talking gets him in trouble as the referee produces a yellow card.,2

Genoa are set to make three changes with 30 minutes left to go as Shevchenko searches for an answer. The first swap sees Pandev replace Bianchi. ,0

Cambiaso is shown a yellow card for tugging back Kulusevski after Genoa’s corner was repelled - sending Juventus on a counter-attack.,2

Pellegrini goes into a sliding challenge in order to win the ball but the referee deems the slide reckless as Ghiglione is sent crashing to the turf. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus left-back, who is starting ahead of Sandro today.,2

JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD WITHIN 10 MINUTES! It’s an unbelievable hit as Colombia international Cuadrado scores directly from a corner-kick, sending his delivery curling into the top corner, beating a full-stretch Sirigu at the far post! Incredible goal! 1-0!,1

GOOOAAALLL! Jovic makes it 4-1 to Madrid! Superb finish by the substitute, he volleys the ball past Herrera and straight into the top right-hand corner of the net. Valverde was played through on goal, but at a tight angle, so passed to Jovic instead, who produced the best goal of the game.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Madrid lead 3-1! It was excellent build-up play by Benzema, who looked like he was going to try and go for goal himself on the edge of the penalty area, but instead he lays it out to Vazquez, who drills the ball underneath Herrera and into the bottom left-hand corner of the net. The keeper gets a touch on it, but is unable to stop it from going in.,1

Sergio Ramos is now booked for a late challenge on Cardona right on the touchline. Silly challenge and booking to pick up.,2

Third and final Osasuna substitution now, with Torres the man coming off and he has been replaced by Cardona.,0

Carvajal is now booked for a confrontation on the edge of the penalty area, whilst waiting for Osasuna to deliver a set piece.,2

David Garcia is the second Osasuna player to be booked after he deliberately stops Bale in his tracks, after the winger flicked the ball past him.,2

Osasuna make their second substitution of the game, with Arnaiz the man coming off and he has been replaced by Gallego.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Nacho Vidal for his late lunge on Valverde. It was high and late by the Osasuna right-back.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Madrid take the lead, it's 2-1! It comes from a corner which Casemiro heads back across goal towards the far post and Sergio Ramos is there waiting, completely unmarked and he has an open goal to aim at from just a couple of yards out and doesn't make any mistakes, powering his header into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Isco pulls Madrid level, it's 1-1! Superb volley by the attacking midfielder after the ball fell straight to his feet inside the box after Bale's attempt was blocked. Isco powers it straight into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, with Herrera unable to move. A few of the Osasuna players appeal for offside, but nothing is given and the goal stands.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Osasuna take the lead, it's 1-0! Unai Garcia with a superb header from a corner, straight into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, just out of the reach of Courtois. The centre-back wasn't well marked in the box and powered the ball into the back of the net.,1

Osasuna have been forced into making an early substitution here, with Moncayola coming off with an injury and he has been replaced by Merida.,0

Another double change for PSG now, and Mbappe doesn't look too happy when he sees his number go up, though he does go straight down the tunnel. Sarabia is on for him.,0

PEREIRA SCORES! The first corner was well defended by Lorient, but they couldn't keep PSG out this time! Neymar swings it in from the right this time and Pereira times his leap perfectly just behind Kalulu to thump his header past Mannone from close range. 2-1 PSG!,1

It's a late one from Hakimi on Aouchiche, and his protests go ignored by the referee as he's shown a yellow card.,2

Lorient are making a double change here as they look to try and find a winner. Le Bris is the first to go off, with Diarra on in his place.,0

Neymar is already off balance, but Innocent makes sure he goes down by giving him a shove. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

MOFFI EQUALISES! The referee plays the advantage for Lorient and Moffi lets Le Bris' throughball run to Le Fee. He touches it into the forward first time, and he takes a touch to get it out of his feet before rifling his shot over Donnarumma from the left of the box into the far top corner. 1-1!,1

NEYMAR SCORES! Lorient make all of their own problems here as Innocent passes it back to Mvogo with three PSG players in front of him. Neymar smothers the clearance before getting it back from Ekitike, and he takes it around the keeper before slotting it in between the two Lorient defenders on the line. 1-0 PSG!,1

Dominguez’s late sliding challenge on Gusto earns him a yellow card just six minutes after coming on to the pitch.,2

Jackson is shown a yellow card for excessive celebration after the goal, jumping into the crowd before the stewards are forced to pull him back.,2

WHAT A RESPONSE FROM CHELSEA! 3-2 TO THE VISITORS! Two goals in two minutes turns the match around completely, with Caicedo again pulling the strings, sending a cross-field pass out to the right for James. Left completely alone, the substitute full-back gets into the penalty area and flashes a cross to the far post for an unmarked Jackson to head into an empty net!,1

THE GAME IS LEVEL ONCE AGAIN! 2-2! Caicedo switches the play out to the left for Sterling, who cuts inside ahead of Aina and somehow manages to get a curling shot away in tight space, sending his inch-perfect effort past the outstretched glove of Sels!,1

James is sent into the game to take part in his first action since a hamstring injury in December, with Gallagher making way.,0

Niakhate waits a little too long over his free-kick for the referee’s liking, with Tony Harrington showing the centre-back a yellow card for wasting time.,2

THE IMMUTABLE LAW OF THE EX! 2-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST! Hudson-Odoi has been threatening all half and he finally gets his goal against his former side, receiving Gibbs-White’s pass before cutting inside ahead of Gusto and dispatching a low, curling effort around both Chalobah and Petrovic and into the far corner!,1

Looking to capitalise on the tired legs of the opposition defence, Pochettino makes an alteration on the wing, with Sterling taking over for Mudryk.,0

Sensing that they are capable of securing all three points, Nottingham Forest make an attacking change, with Elanga replacing Montiel.,0

Madueke is withdrawn two minutes before the hour, with Nkunku taking his place in his continued comeback from injury.,0

Danilo’s volleyed clearance following a Chelsea corner-kick allows Hudson-Odoi to sprint the length of the pitch to within five yards of the penalty area. With little other choice, Gallagher comes across and wrestles his former Chelsea team-mate to the ground, picking up a yellow card in the process.,2

BOLY FINDS THE EQUALISER! 1-1! Gibbs-White chips the ensuing free-kick towards the far post for Boly, who easily rises above Gallagher and nods his finish past a sprawling Petrovic!,1

Murillo’s run takes him from inside his own penalty area to 15 yards from Chelsea’s, before he’s dragged down by Badiashile. It’s a yellow card for the defender, while the hosts are given a free-kick in an advantageous position.,2

ONE SHOT, ONE GOAL, 1-0 CHELSEA! Palmer drops deep to pull the strings and plays a lovely pass through the gap between Boly and Montiel for Mudryk, who immediately cuts inside and puts the ball onto his right foot before curling a low shot past Sels and into the far corner!,1

GOALLLL! CAIRNEY SCORES! 5-0 FULHAM! The captain adds Fulham's fifth goal. Forest make a mistake in the defence, with Pereira laying the ball into the path of Cairney. He waits for Vlachodimos to commit one way before shooting past the goalkeeper.,1

Jimenez has already scored two goals in the match and doesn't look happy that he will not be able to get his third. Vinicius comes on in his place up front.,0

Iwobi will not be given the chance to score his hat-trick. He comes off moments after scoring and is replaced by Cordova-Reid.,0

GOALLL! IWOBI SCORES! 4-0 FULHAM! The hosts score again! The Cottagers keep possession well down the right, with Pereira playing a pass back to Cairney, who slides the ball into Wilson inside the box. The substitute cuts it across to Iwobi, who taps in for another easy finish.,1

Willian's 300th Premier League appearance is now over. He comes off with an assist to his name and is replaced by Wilson, who scored in Fulham's last match.,0

Danilo has regularly come off the bench this season for Forest and does it again in this match. Hudson-Odoi is off after a quiet performance on the right.,0

Forest are making another two changes. Origi made a bright start to the match, but his first start for the club is now over. Wood takes his place up front.,0

GOALLL! JIMENEZ SCORES AGAIN! 3-0 FULHAM! What a moment for Jimenez, who is back to his best. He gets onto the end of a long ball forward and takes it down with his chest inside the Forest box. He pushes Aina away, goes past Vlachodimos and backheels his effort into an empty net.,1

Cooper has seen enough and has decided to make two changes before the restart. Sangare struggled in the midfield before the break and is replaced by Yates.,0

Gibbs-White has been one of Forest's best players since their return to the Premier League and is now coming on. Dominguez was substituted at half-time in their last away match and makes way again.,0

GOALLL! JIMENEZ SCORES! 2-0 FULHAM! The Cottagers get their second of the game. Iwobi collects the ball on the right and sends a pass into Pereira. He pokes it into the path of Jimenez, who gets into the box and crashes his effort into the net.,1

GOALLL! IWOBI SCORES! 1-0 FULHAM! What a goal from the hosts! Bassey brings the ball out of the defence and plays a pass into the feet of Cairney. The captain lays it down the left to Willian, who cuts onto his right foot before curling it across to Iwobi. He gets beyond Toffolo and taps in from close range.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! ELLIOTT SCORES! Osho intercepts Robertson's pass, only to give it away to Danns. He slides it into the box for Gakpo, but Mengi takes it off his toe. Elliott races onto the loose ball and whips a shot past Kaminski and into the back of the net. 4-1 Liverpool!,1

Kabore catches McConnell with a late tackle and becomes the fourth player to go into the referee's book.,2

The home crowd are on their feet to give a standing ovation to the players making way. Diaz, who scored the final goal, which looks like it will seal the three points, is replaced by Danns, who makes his debut.,0

Gomez gets a handful of Ogbene's shirt, and the winger decides to pull up to show it to the referee. It works, with Luton getting a free-kick, and Gomez getting a booking.,2

Barkley drags at Elliott's shoulder before sliding in from behind to nick the ball off him. He did catch the youngster with the follow-through, and it earns him a yellow card, much to his frustration.,2

Luton's final change of the game is an enforced one. Doughty was caught by Kelleher during that last attack when the goalkeeper closed him down, so he can't carry on. Kabore replaces him, which will see Ogbene switch out to the left for the end of the game.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! DIAZ SCORES! That should do it for Liverpool! After missing a couple of good chances in the first half, Diaz makes no mistake this time. Luton gives it away in their own half, with Robertson cutting out a switch to Ogbene, and his interception falls to the Colombian's feet. He drives into the box before rifling his shot past Kaminski at the near post. 3-1 Liverpool!,1

Liverpool are making their first change now, and Bradley goes off to a standing ovation from the home crowd. He's replaced by Robertson, which means that Gomez will switch to right-back.,0

After a frantic spell of the game, Edwards is making another change to try and settle things in midfield. Chong is taken off, with Jordan Clark on in his place.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! GAKPO SCORES! And just like that, Liverpool lead! It comes down the right side once more as it's clipped into the near post by Mac Allister, and Gakpo just peels away from his defender to meet it. It's another great header as he flicks it past Kaminski and into the back of the net. 2-1 Liverpool!,1

Luton are making their second change in answer to that Liverpool equaliser as Woodrow is replaced by Townsend.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! VAN DIJK EQUALISES! It's been coming from Liverpool, and their captain steps up! They finally manage to make something of one of their many corners as Mac Allister whips it into the middle, and Van Dijk darts in front of his marker to meet it. He gets power on the header, and Kaminski can't keep it out. 1-1!,1

There is a change at the break for Luton. Lokonga is the player making way after picking up a knock in the first half, with Mpanzu on in his place.,0

There's a collision between Woodrow and Quansah as they go up for an aerial challenge, with the defender getting caught on the side of his head. Woodrow is booked for the challenge.,2

Doughty steps across Gravenberch to try and stop him, but when the Dutchman gets away, he also pulls him back by the arm. The winger is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! OGBENE SCORES! Luton have the lead at Anfield! It comes from a throw-in on the left, and Doughty holds off Quansah to cushion it into Chong's path. The angle is tight, but he still goes for goal. It goes through Kelleher's legs, but the keeper gets enough on it to stop it from crossing the line. It loops up though, and Ogbene nods it in from the far post. 1-0 Luton!,1

Bakayoko is booked for a foul on Neymar, who writhes around in agony after throwing himself to the ground under minimal contact. Knock that one off your bingo cards, folks.,2

Martins has already limped off on the far touchline, and Monaco get back up to their full complement as Aguilar comes on in his place.,0

GOAL! 3-3, Slimani! Well, well! He sticks the ball in the back of the net after Martins turns Verratti inside out at the edge of the area, but the flag goes up as his shot deflects into the substitute's path. There's a lengthy VAR check, and the goal is given. I'm thoroughly confused about it, because he looked about a yard off to me!,1

First change of the night comes from Monaco, and it's an attacking one. Big man up top Slimani comes on for diminutive midfielder Fabregas - the on-loan Leicester man has six goals in 12 Ligue 1 appearances so far this season.,0

GOAL! PSG lead 3-2! Neymar ambles up, gives it the Simone Zaza feet and strokes the penalty right-footed into the bottom-left corner. Lecomte goes the other way.,1

GOAL! Monaco have turned it around, Ben Yedder makes it 2-1! Straight from the throw-in on the left, just inside the Monaco half, they break through Golovin and then Keita. Keita plays a simple square ball to Ben Yedder at the edge of the area and the forward takes a touch around one defender before finishing right-footed, back across the keeper and into the bottom-left corner.,1

It's all happening now! Keita goes down inside the area and screams for a penalty, but is booked for diving instead! He went down by Verratti, but there wasn't any real touch on him - good call from referee Antony Gautier.,2

GOAL! 1-1, Martins levels the scores! It comes a little out of nowhere as a shot isn't cleared at the edge of the area. Fabregas lifts a delicious pass in behind for Ben Yedder who is wiped out by Navas, but Martins is there to sweep the ball into the empty net at close range.,1

GOAL! 1-0 PSG, Neymar, easy as you like! Verratti lifts a simple pass over the defence for Neymar down the left, and nobody seems to be tracking him. He's got all the time in the world to take it down, let it bounce - twice to be sure - and hammer it in at the near post.,1

BODO/GLIMT PULL ONE BACK! 3-2! It's a stunning strike from Hauge who latches onto a loose ball before blasting a powerful effort beyond Donnarumma and into the top corner from 25 yards!,1

MILAN GET A THIRD! 3-1! The hosts work a clever, rehearsed corner routine that results in Calhanoglu meeting Castillejo's delivery and firing a low volley from 20 yards into the bottom corner and beyond Haikin!,1

MILAN TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! Theo zooms up from left-back again and races towards the byline before cutting it back to Calhanoglu who deftly flicks it towards the back post, where Colombo is on hand to tap it into an empty net!,1

MILAN EQUALISE IMMEDIATELY! 1-1! Calhanoglu gathers a pass from Bennacer 30 yards from goal and drives towards the edge of the area before hammering a powerful effort beyond Haikin at the near post! The goalkeeper stood no chance!,1

BODO/GLIMT TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Hauge storms past Calabria down the left flank before cutting it back perfectly into the path of Junker who hits a crisp finish across Donnarumma and into the bottom corner!,1

Varane rises high in the air to challenge Schick for an aerial ball and picks up a yellow card for a foul on the Roma forward.,2

Third and final change for Real Madrid as Asensio takes the place of Bale, who has been superb in the second period.,0

Second change of the game for Real Madrid as Valverde enters the game for his third appearance for the club, taking the spot of Modric.,0

Benzema has put in a superb shift this evening and earns a rest for the final stages of the game, with Mariano introduced as his replacement.,0

An attack-minded change for Roma as young talent Coric, regarded by some as the heir to Modric's role in the Croatia national side, takes the place of N'Zonzi.,0

GOOOOAL! 2-0! Bale superbly curls a cross to the head of Benzema, who knocks the ball to the feet of Vazquez for an easy finish that opens his account for the season.,1

GOOOOOAL! 1-0 Real Madrid! A defensive nightmare for Roma! Fazio heads the ball straight into the path of Bale and he drags it onto his left foot before slotting beneath Olsen.,1

Zaniolo catches Llorente with his elbow in midfield as the pair contended for an aerial ball and he earns a booking from the referee.,2

A real blow for Roma as El Shaarawy is unable to continue and it probably wasn't helped by Modric's challenge. Kluivert comes on as his replacement.,0

Modric clatters into El Shaarawy, catching the ankle of the Roma man, and he earns the game's first yellow card.,2

Smith hasn't been moving comfortably since coming back on, and his game is now over. He goes off to be replaced by Fredericks.,0

Bournemouth are attempting another quick counter, but it's stopped by Konate, who wrestles Solanke to the ground. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

Bournemouth are making their first change following the penalty miss. It's Billing that's going off, with Christie on in his place.,0

Liverpool are making a triple change here as they look for an equaliser. Alexander-Arnold is the first to go off, with Milner on for him.,0

Gakpo drops deep to get on the ball again and makes another driving run through the middle. This time Anthony chases him, dragging him back, and he goes into the book too.,2

Gakpo spins away from Lerma in the centre circle before driving through the middle. Billing slides in to clip him from behind and receives the first booking of the game.,2

Liverpool are making a change at the start of the second half, with Jota coming on to replace Elliott.,0

BILLING SCORES! It's lifted over the top to Ouattara, who gets the better of Van Dijk with his pace and does well to leave the defender behind. He pulls it back from the byline and Billing is unmarked in the middle to turn it past a static Alisson with his first touch. A VAR check shows Ouattara was onside, and it stands! 1-0 Bournemouth!,1

Bernardo is now booked for City after disagreeing with the officials decision, after he feels like he is fouled, but nothing is given.,2

A yellow card is shown to Mendy for his poor challenge on Toloi and then sarcastically clapping the referee's decision.,2

In the meantime Atalanta have made a substitution, with Freuler coming off and he has been replaced by Malinovskiy.,0

RED CARD! Bravo is shown a straight red card after he rushes off his line to try and stop Ilicic from sprinting through on goal. The Atalanta man is played through by Gomez, he just has Bravo to beat, but the keeper dives in and brings him down. VAR take a look at the decision, but it stands. Who is going to go in goal for City now?,3

Here is the City substitution, with Jesus the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Aguero.,0

Fernandinho is the first City player to be booked after a shove on Hateboer as the two players battled for the ball down the right wing.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Atalanta are level, it's 1-1! Pasalic with a bullet header after a terrific cross into the box by Gomez. Pasalic was totally unmarked in the box and he powers the ball past Bravo in the City goal, who had no chance of saving that.,1

Manchester City have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Ederson coming off and he has been replaced by Bravo in goal. It looks like Ederson has been taken off as a precaution because of a minor injury.,0

Djimsiti is the first player to be booked, after his drags Mahrez to the ground, as the winger beat him down the right-wing and then looked to break into the penalty area.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Sterling puts Manchester City into the lead, it's 1-0! A ruthless attack by the visitors, their first spell of possession and they instantly get into the final third and punish Atalanta. It was lovely quick football by City, with Bernardo feeding Jesus, who squared the ball to Sterling in the box, and he slid it into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

Leon is the latest Betis player to be shown a yellow card as he is booked for berating the linesman who chose to give a close throw-in decision the way of Atletico.,2

Betis are arguing that the ball isn’t placed in the correct position which seems more like time-wasting antics than anything else. The referee has had enough of the protestations and shows Firpo a yellow card.,2

More dangerous defending from Betis as Mandi is shown a yellow card for a lunging slide tackle on Vitolo just outside his own penalty area.   ,2

NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT AS THE HOSTS GO 1-0 UP! Oblak guesses correctly but Canales hits the penalty with pace and power – beating the goalkeeper at the bottom-right corner!     ,1

Bartra is in visible pain which Setien recognises immediately. The manager does not want to risk further issues and sends Sidnei on in his place.    ,0

Filipe Luis replaces the previously booked Arias at half-time on his return from injury, which sends Juanfran to the right-hand side as Luis occupies his usual left. ,0

Kaptoum splits two midfielders and sprints away with a burst of youthful pace but Correa takes the Betis player’s legs out from under him and earns a yellow card. ,2

Arias is shown the match’s first yellow card for a badly timed lunge on Francis which sends the left-winger to the ground in pain.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!! HAS MOFFI WON IT!? PSG get caught high upfield and a long ball from the brilliant Abergel sets Moffi away. He races clear from a desperate defender and keeps his cool to slot beyond Rico and surely seal a remarkable, yet well-earned, won for Lorient!,1

Pochettino responds with a double change. First, Paredes goes off, with Gueye coming on to add some bite to PSG’s midfield.,0

GOOOOAALLLL! LORIENT ARE LEVEL! It seemed as though PSG would just have enough to get over the line but now they have been pegged back. It’s the substitutes who combine for Lorient as Wissa exchanges passes with Moffi and, after getting lucky with a heavy touch, slams in from point-blank range. It’s 2-2!,1

Lorient respond to going behind by making three changes. One of those alterations is Mendes, who makes way for Delaplace.,0

NEYMAR SCORES! Well, that was pretty much a carbon copy of the first one! Dreyer again takes a slight step to his left as Neymar runs up, and the Brazilian simply guides a finish to the other side of the centre of the goal. It’s nine goals this season now for Neymar and it’s 2-1 to PSG.,1

No changes for PSG at the break, but there is one for Lorient, with Chalobah replacing Monconduit, who was booked in the first half.,0

GOAL! NEYMAR MAKES NO MISTAKE! After his trademark run up, the 28-year-old sends a crisp, low finish down the middle of the goal, with Dreyer wrong-footed. It’s 1-1!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! LORIENT TAKE THE LEAD! Well, you can’t say it hasn’t been coming, but that opener has come in brilliant fashion from Lorient, who deservedly go ahead. Kimpembe and Pereira put themselves all sorts of trouble on the edge of PSG’s box and Abergel is on hand to steal the ball and, on the slide, screw a finish beyond Rico and into the top-left corner. It’s 1-0 Lorient!,1

Lorient are not afraid to mix it when needed, and Monconduit has just received a yellow card for a cynical tackle on Neymar.,2

Fati is withdrawn after a match-winning contribution of two goals and drawing the penalty from Gaspar. Dembele replaces the teenager.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MESSI SCORES, JUST!!! 3-0 BARCELONA!!!! The Argentine places his effort under Asenjo with his left foot. The Villarreal keeper gets a hand to the ball diving to his right, but just cannot keep it out. Messi notches his first of the campaign.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FATI HAS HIS SECOND!!! 2-0!!!! It's clinical from Barcelona as the Fati slots home his second of the game. Coutinho leads a counter from his own half and picks out the forward in acres of space in the left inside channel. There's still work to do, but Fati places his effort low into the bottom-left corner past Asenjo.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FATI HAMMERS HOME!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!! The teenager notches the first goal of the Koeman era at Camp Nou. Lenglet starts the move with a long ball over the top for Alba. He chases it down before placing an offload back to Fati. The forward meets it first time and guides his strike with power into the top-left corner. A fine finish from the Spaniard.,1

RED CARD! It goes from bad to worse for Valencia as Lee, who only came on in the 76th minute, receives his marching orders for taking several swipes at Ramos.,3

WHAT A GOAL! That is sensational from Benzema, who has put this game beyond all doubt with a quite incredible goal. Asensio lofted a pass into the Frenchman, who expertly controlled the ball with his right foot, lifting it over Guillamon, before – on the volley – hammering it home into the top-left corner with his left. Sublime. It’s 3-0 to Madrid.,1

A fifth Valencia change has seen Rodrigo – who had that goal disallowed by VAR in the first half – make way for Lee.,0

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! What a moment that is for Asensio. Less than a minute after making his long-awaited comeback, the Spain international is on hand to drill home Mendy’s cross with his first touch. A dream return for Asensio, and it’s now 2-0 to Madrid.,1

A first change for Madrid. On comes Asensio for his first appearance of the season, with the winger having recovered from a long-term knee injury. He has replaced Valverde.,0

GOOOAAALLLL!! MADRID TAKE THE LEAD! It’s that man Benzema who has got it, calmly slotting beyond Cillessen after latching onto a quick pass from Hazard. Los Blancos 1-0 Valencia.,1

RED CARD! Koulibaly is shown a second yellow card and he’s sent off! The centre-back deliberately pulls Gelhardt down as the striker skips past him and the referee has no choice but to give him his marching orders and Chelsea are down to 10-men.,3

Triple Leeds substitution now, as they look to wrap up the three points. Harrison is one of those coming off and Greenwood is his replacement.,0

GOAL! LEEDS HAVE A THIRD! Harrison makes it 3-0! James tries to pick out Rodrigo in the box with a cross from the left, but he can’t control it and instead the ball falls perfectly to Harrison and he pokes the ball into the back of the net from close range. Surely they can’t lose this lead now.,1

GOAL! LEEDS DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Rodrigo makes it 2-0! Harrison whips a superb free-kick delivery into the penalty area from the left and Rodrigo gets up above James and powers his header into the right corner of the net. Excellent finish by the striker.,1

Sterling is booked as he trips Roca right on the edge of the penalty area, handing Leeds a free-kick in a very good position.,2

GOAL! LEEDS TAKE THE LEAD! It’s a howler from Mendy to hand Aaronson his first Leeds goal on a plate. The keeper takes too long on the ball in the six-yard box and he then tries to take Aaronson, who nicks it off his toes and then has a tap-in from close range. Absolutely awful from the keeper, but Leeds won’t care one bit! They lead 1-0.,1

Koulibaly is shown the first yellow card of the game after a blatant shirt pull on Aaronson, after the Leeds midfielder skipped past him and tried to race into the final third.,2

GOAL!!! Toulouse are back in front!!! A long ball is sent over the Annecy defence, and Temanfo tries to nod it back to his goalkeeper. It is woefully undercooked though, and Chaibi takes full advantage by delicately dinking over Callens and into the net. What an error from the Annecy defender, and the visitors look like they are on their way to the final as they now lead 2-1!,1

GOAL!!! Annecy are level!!! Bosetti, the man who won the penalty, is trusted to take it as well. He steps up and sends Haug the wrong way, confidently blasts into the bottom left corner to make it 1-1!,1

GOAL!!! Toulouse take the lead!!! Van den Boomen has the ball on the right wing, and he does well to make space for a cross. His pinpoint delivery finds Aboukhlal in the middle, who flicks his header past Callens and into the back of the net to put the visitors 1-0 up!,1

Temanfo is the first player of the contest to be booked, receiving a yellow card for a late challenge on Ratao.,2

RED CARD! Hermoso is also sent off for his clash with Mallo, with both players having words with eachother and causing a huge coming together on the pitch. Nearly every player on the pitch came to join in, as it got very heated.,3

RED CARD! Both sets of players have completely lost their heads now, with late challenges flying in. Mallo catches Suarez late after the striker released Carrasco for his chance. The Celta skipper then squares up to Hermoso who comes charging in and the pair clash, before being separated by their team-mates. Mallo is shown a straight red card.,3

Carrasco is booked for timewasting after taking too long with a free-kick and the referee runs out of patience with him.,2

Fontan is booked for a late diving challenge on Suarez, which the striker makes the most of, but he still caught the Atletico man very late.,2

Late Celta substitution now, with Galan making his way off the pitch and he has been replaced by Perez.,0

The hosts make a double substitution now, with Mendez the first to come off, he has been replaced by Beltran.,0

Atletico make a triple change following the goal, with Correa the first to come off and he has been replaced by Suarez.,0

GOAL! Atletico lead 2-1! Correa with his second of the game, to fire them back ahead, just five minutes after conceding the equaliser. They counter quickly and catch Celta out at the back, with Koke playing a lovely ball across the pitch to Correa in the box, who drills his shot into the far corner of the net, with Dituro having no chance of stopping it. Great move and finish.,1

Celta have made their first substitution of the game, with Nolito the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Cervi.,0

Kondogbia is shown a yellow card after he slides into the back of Aspas on the halfway line and catches the striker late.,2

GOAL! Aspas makes it 1-1 from the penalty spot! The striker steps up to take the spot kick and coolly sends Oblak the wrong way, firing the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

Llorente is booked for the handball and possibly dissent after arguing the decision with the referee for a while after the official pointed to the spot.,2

GOAL! Atletico take the lead, it’s 1-0! Correa with their first goal of the LaLiga season and it’s a lovely strike to fire them ahead. Lemar does brilliantly to skip past a couple of Celta defenders and then lay it off to his team-mate on the edge of the penalty area, who smashes it into the top right corner of the net. Great finish.,1

Lemar is shown an early yellow card for his late stamp on Mendez, catching the Celta man high on his leg and the referee didn't have much choice but to book him.,2

Running down the clock, Conte opts to replace Kulusevski with Lucas for the dying moments of the game.,0

Despite scoring twice today, Leeds' top scorer Rodrigo is replaced; Gelhardt comes on for the final few minutes.,0

Leeds respond to their double blow with a pair of substitutions. First, Kristensen is replaced by Joseph.,0

OFF! Leeds are not only behind for the first time, but they are now down to 10 men too! Adams gets his marching orders for a deliberate trip on Bissouma in midfield - his second yellow-card offence of the second half.,3

SPURS SEIZE THE LEAD! Bentancur bags his second and Tottenham's fourth, as the hosts take the lead for the first time today! Kulusevski's typical charge down the right ends with a cross to the centre, where Bentancur stays calm to side-foot the ball home from around 10 yards out! That's the seventh goal today, and Spurs are 4-3 up! Incredible!,1

3-3! Spurs draw level again! Once Doherty's inswinging cross is only part-cleared by the Leeds defence, Bentancur takes the ball on his chest before driving a low shot into the back of the net via a deflection off Ayling! What a helter-skelter game, and we're surely not finished yet!,1

Shortly after laying on Rodrigo's second goal, Roca is withdrawn; Ayling comes on to provide more defensive cover.,0

LEEDS LEAD AGAIN! Incredibly, the visitors go ahead for a third time! After Adams steals the ball in midfield, Rodrigo is released down the left side of the area by Roca's pass, and the in-form striker powers an unstoppable low shot past Lloris and in off the far post! This Leeds side simply never gives up: 3-2!,1

A clumsy and over-eager challenge by Adams brings down Kulusevski in midfield, and the Leeds midfielder is shown a yellow card as a result.,2

Spurs make a third substitution: World Cup-bound Richarlison sees his shift come to an early end, and Bissouma is brought on in his place.,0

Conte decides on a double change, approaching the hour mark. First, Lenglet makes way for Sanchez at the back.,0

Due to refusing to retreat as Leeds try to take a free-kick in the centre-circle, Bentancur picks up a pointless booking.,2

SPURS EQUALISE! A prolonged spell of pressure ends in Spurs' second leveller! After Kane has an attempt blocked near the goal-line, the ball rebounds out to Davies on the edge of the box, and the Welshman drills a low shot into the centre of the goal via Kristensen's desperately extended leg! It's 2-2, and the scoring's surely not done yet!,1

Perhaps due to injury, given he spent some time receiving treatment in the first half, Marsch has withdrawn Gnonto at the interval; Greenwood will be his replacement.,0

LEEDS GO BACK IN FRONT! After Kulusevski fails to get enough purchase on a clearing header from Leeds' corner, Cooper and then Kristensen take turns to nod the ball on; finding Moreno in the box. The Spanish striker needs no invitation to fire the ball past Lloris into the bottom-left corner; giving the away side a 2-1 lead just before the break!,1

SPURS LEVEL! Under intense pressure on his goal-line, Meslier punches a cross from Spurs' corner straight back into danger, and Kane shows great strength and composure to hold off his marker and slam home a volleyed equaliser from close range! It's all-square again: 1-1!,1

LEEDS GO IN FRONT! After Gnonto carries the ball upfield on the counter, Aaronson flicks through a precise low pass for Summerville, just inside the area. From the left side of the box, the Leeds winger cuts in and guides the ball coolly into the bottom-left corner for the opening goal! He's done it again: 1-0 to the visitors!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BERNARD PRODUCES A SUBLIME FINISH!!!! 5-4 EVERTON!! The scoring continues into extra-time as Bernard scores a cracker. Sigurdsson starts the move with a sensational flick over the top of the Spurs defence into the left inside channel. Bernard times his run to perfection before blasting his effort past Lloris.,1

Alli goes into the book for diving in the box. There was no contact from Doucoure as he threw himself to the ground.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KANE HEADS HOME!!!! 4-4!!!!! TOTTENHAM LEVEL THE SCORES!!!! Spurs are level with seven minutes to play as Kane converts with a diving header. Everton fail to clear their lines from a set-piece after another flap from Olsen. Doucoure clears off the line from Lamela, but the visitors keep the attack alive. Son weaves his way down the left flank and sends a low cross to the back post. Kane is predatory and dispatches his header into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! RICHARLISON PUTS EVERTON BACK IN FRONT!!!! 4-3!!! This incredible game takes another turn as the Brazilian notches his second goal. Sigurdsson sends an offload into the left inside channel and Richarlison wheels off the back of Sanchez. He holds his composure to fire across Lloris from a tight angle to find the bottom-right corner. A super finish.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SANCHEZ LEVELS THE SCORES!!!! 3-3!!! The visitors are back in the game as Sanchez notches his second of the night. Alderweireld rises highest in the box from Son's corner and he flicks a header towards goal. Olsen makes the save, but Sanchez reacts first to the rebound and slots his effort home into an empty net.,1

Coleman replaces the injured Calvert-Lewin. Richarlison will push into the middle of the attack, while Doucoure will shift forward. The Irishman looks to be slotting into a defensive midfield role.,0

Sigurdsson pulls back Moura on the charge and goes into the book. The midfielder takes one for the team there.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LAMELA GETS A GOAL BACK BEFORE THE BREAK!!!!! 3-2!!! Spurs respond to give themselves a lift before half-time. Lamela plays a one-two with Son, and the offload travels through Mina after the defender fails to make the interception. Lamela seizes on the opportunity and blasts a strike past Olsen from the left inside channel. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SIGURDSSON CONVERTS!!! 3-1!!!! Everton enjoy incredible spell of football, storming into a 3-1 lead as Sigurdsson scores from 12 yards. The midfielder is composed from the spot as he fakes out Lloris before placing his strike into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! EVERTON COMPLETE THE COMEBACK!!!!! RICHARLISON SCORES!!! 2-1!!!! The Toffees take the lead through a fine strike from the Brazilian. Richarlison has work to do after taking possession on the edge of the box. He places a powerful effort through the legs of Alderweireld and it travels beyond the reach of Lloris into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CALVERT-LEWIN POWERS HOME AN EQUALISER!!!! 1-1!!! The home side are back in the game as Calvert-Lewin smashes his strike through Lloris. Hojbjerg gives possession away and Sigurdsson offloads into the path of Calvert-Lewin. The forward needs no invitation to blast an effort at goal on the half-volley. The power on his effort is too much for Lloris, who can only palm it into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SANCHEZ HEADS HOME!!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM!!!! The visitors are rewarded for their fast start as Sanchez directs his header home from close range. Son whips a corner in from the left flank and the defender rises highest in the box to plant his effort away from Olsen into the bottom-right corner.,1

WOLVES HAVE WON IT!!! BOLY MAKES IT 1-0! The visitors have surely snatched all three points. Doherty's long throw-in is only cleared as far as Neves, who dinks the ball back into the box. There, Boly is allowed far too much time to control, before neatly sliding into the bottom corner.,1

Besiktas are forced into making their first change of the day. Yalcin is unable to continue following that earlier knock and is replaced by Umut Nayir.,0

Silva goes down in the box looking for a penalty and is booked for his indiscretions instead. Four added minutes incoming.,2

Darnell Furlong is the latest new face in this match, replacing penalty double man Pereira for West Brom.,0

Dendoncker catches Snodgrass with his leg around the shoulder as the pair go up for a high challenge. Those have been handed red cards before, so he is perhaps lucky to escape with just a booking.,2

That's a gorgeous cross from Neto, twisted in off the left flank. It's a shame nobody can get to it at all. Coady meanwhile is hooked for Wolves, in a bit of a shock change, replaced by Rayan Ait-Nouri.,0

Morgan Gibbs-White is the first new face of the game now, on for Neves as Wolves look to turn this one around.,0

GOAL! MATHEUS PEREIRA ADDS A SECOND FROM THE SPOT FOR WEST BROM! 3-2! This time, he puts his penalty to the right and Patricio goes the wrong way again. The Big Sam magic is alive and kicking in Molineux!,1

GOAL! SEMI AJAYI LEVELS IT FOR WEST BROM! 2-2! It's a long throw-in that Bartley flicks on and his defensive partner loops a header over Patricio into the top-left corner. A lovely little goal!,1

GOAL! WILLY BOLY BAGS A SECOND FOR WOLVES! 2-1! This game has turned on its head in a matter of minutes! Livermore fails to clear the corner at the first attempt and the Ivory Coast international blasts it in at close range.,1

GOAL! FABIO SILVA LEVELS THINGS FOR WOLVES! 1-1! It is his first top-flight goal at Molineux! The corner sails past but is pumped back in and the striker plays a delightful one-two with Boly before lashing it past Button. All square in the Black Country derby!,1

Ajayi picks up the first booking of the game now for a rather reckless challenge. He should have done better with his efforts there.,2

GOAL! MATHEUS PEREIRA GIVES WEST BROM THE LEAD! 1-0! He slides the penalty in at the left post as Patricio goes the wrong way. The best possible start for the Baggies!,1

OFF! As expected, Gimenez is given his marching orders following the pitchside review, having committed an ugly foul on Mancini - that was pure frustration from the Feyenoord forward.,3

ROMA FINISH! The Giallorossi's captain strikes! Dybala plays through Abraham, who then sees his 10-yard shot blocked by Bijlow, and Pellegrini is first to react, steering the ball home from close range and surely booking his team a slot in the Europa League semi-finals! It's 4-1 on the day; 4-2 on aggregate!,1

Despite his crucial goal, first-half substitute El Shaarawy comes off. Kumbulla adds an extra body in defence.,0

ROMA ARE IN FRONT! The Serie A side go 3-1 up on the day and one goal ahead on aggregate. Pellegrini slips a ball through for Abraham in the box, and the English striker cuts it across for El Shaarawy to slide in and guide it past Bijlow! Are Roma finally taking charge of this quarter-final, or is there to be another twist yet?,1

ROMA MAKE IT 2-2 IN THE TIE! Dybala makes the difference! Fresh from the bench, Roma's talisman pulls them level at the last, with a sharp turn and finish from Pellegrini's cute throughball. In the circumstances, it was a case of cool heads all round, and we are surely heading for extra-time!,1

FEYENOORD GO AHEAD IN THE TIE! Substitute Paixao puts the Dutch side in touching distance of the semi-finals! Stadio Olimpico is silenced when the Brazilian winger flicks in a near-post header from Szymanski's cross, and it's 2-1 to Feyenoord on aggregate!,1

Celik now comes on for an increasingly rare appearance, as Smalling slowly makes his way to the sideline.,0

Mourinho is going for broke with a triple substitution. First, Belotti makes way for Abraham to arrive up front.,0

ROMA LEAD! Hauling his team level on aggregate, Spinazzola scuffs a low shot across goal from Cristante's pass and sees it trundle into the bottom-right corner! It was not a thing of beauty, but the Giallorossi faithful don't care - the Olimpico goes wild! It's 1-0 to Roma on the day, and 1-1 overall: game on!,1

For his part in the set-to between players on both sides, Llorente becomes the first Roma player booked today.,2

More injury problems for the home side! Wijnaldum now drops to the turf clutching his hamstring and is unable to play on; El Shaarawy replaces him.,0

For mistiming his tackle on Cristante in midfield and catching his opponent's shin with his studs, Wieffer is shown a yellow card. He would now miss the first leg of a semi-final.,2

Norgaard leaves an elbow in on Moutinho as they challenge for a header on halfway, and he goes into the book. ,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! 2-1 Wolves!!! Podence slips the ball to Semedo on the byline. His cross is pulled all the way back to Ait Nouri, who ships the ball right to Moutinho. He then tees up Neves to his right, who takes a touch and rifles home a great strike into the bottom corner!,1

It's heating up on the pitch too! Sa collects a corner and barges straight into Toney, bundling the man over! A bit of pushing and shoving ensues, and Jansson is booked for his reaction.  ,2

GOOALLL!!!! What a hit!! 1-1! Mbeumo delivers a free-kick from out wide on the right-hand side, and it goes deep all the way to Toney at the far post. He strikes a beautifully sweet, first-time volley into the far corner!,1

RED CARD! Gomes scythes down Rasmussen as Brentford break forward on a threatening counter, and the referee pulls out a straight red card. VAR intervenes however, and he downgrades his decision down to a yellow. ,2

Canos rides a few clumsy challenges and surges through midfield. Neves eventually brings him down cynically however, and goes into the referee's book. ,2

GOOOAALLL!!! 1-0 Wolves!! Moutinho picks up the ball on the edge of the area, plays a quick one-two with Semedo, then thumps the return into the far corner! The keeper is motionless!,1

GOAL!!! INTER HAVE DOUBLED THEIR LEAD THIS TIME!!! The visitors burst forward after repelling a Crotone free-kick into the middle and Barella drives up the field before playing Hakimi in, and the wing-back shows incredible composure to slot the ball through the goalkeeper's legs from a tight angle! It's 2-0 to Inter now!,1

Riviere's first contribution after coming off the bench is to pick up a yellow card for catching Skriniar in the face during an aerial duel.,2

Cosmi replaces Ounas with Riviere up front now as he searches for a way to get his side back on level terms.,0

GOAL!!! INTER HAVE BROKEN THROUGH!!! Just minutes after his introduction, Eriksen receives a layoff from Lukaku on the edge of the box and lashes a low, first-time effort that takes a deflection off Magellan on its way into the bottom-right corner past the diving Cordaz! It's 1-0 to Inter! ,1

The final change of the three is at left wing-back, where Perisic comes on as a more offensive alternative to Darmian.,0

Conte has seen enough and makes a triple-substitution in an effort to grab a winning goal. The first change sees Sensi replaced by Eriksen in midfield.,0

Cosmi makes a change at half-time. Cigarini, who struggled with an injury towards the end of the first half, is off in midfield for Henrique.,0

Brozovic sees a shot from the edge of the box blocked and then hauls Ounas down to prevent a Crotone counter, earning himself a yellow card.,2

Reca is forced off due to his injury now, with Pereira coming on to take his place at left wing-back.,0

Tengstedt also got an assist to his name for Rafa's opener, but only had one clear chance to score. Leonardo is on.,0

Neres assisted Benfica's second goal and is now being replaced. Joao Mario takes his place in the attack.,0

Marseille make a change soon after scoring. Mbemba was a doubt before the match and is now off for Soglo.,0

GOALLL! AUBAMEYANG SCORES! Marseille get one back! Ounahi plays a throughball down the left and into the path of Aubameyang, with Silva failing to make an interception. Aubameyang is one-on-one with Trubin and curls his strike into the bottom-right corner. Benfica lead 2-1.,1

Marseille make a change. Moumbagna struggled to make an impact up front and is coming off for Ounahi, who will strengthen the midfield.,0

GOALLLL! DI MARIA SCORES! 2-0 BENFICA! What a move from the Eagles. Di Maria bursts forward on the counter and rolls a pass down the right side of the box to Neres. The winger could shoot, but he plays it back to Di Maria, who taps his left-footed effort into the bottom-left corner from close range.,1

There is applause around the stadium, with Merlin coming off the pitch on a stretcher. Ndiaye takes his place in an attacking change.,0

GOALLLLLLL! RAFA SCORES! 1-0 BENFICA! The hosts have the lead! Neres holds onto the ball well in Marseille's half and slides a pass down the right to Tengstedt, who directs a cutback towards Rafa. He then pokes it past a defender before rolling his low shot into the bottom-right corner.,1

Leicester's unused substitute Amartey is also booked for his part in the fracas. All this will suit Chelsea just fine. There'll be a few more minutes added on now, of course.,2

Mendy is booked for taking his time over the goal-kick. Chelsea understandably want to wind the clock down.,2

Chelsea substitution. Giroud replaces Werner, who hasn't scored here but has played a vital role in a mature Chelsea display.,0

Ndidi picks up a late yellow card for charging into Mount straight after Mount tripped Tielemans. There was no malice in it but it was a reckless tackle.,2

Fofana's booked for blocking Werner's run. Leicester have improved since Iheanacho's introduction but Chelsea aren't living in fear of an equaliser.,2

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-1 LEICESTER CITY! Iheanacho pulls a goal back for Leicester with a simple finish! Ndidi pressures Kovacic into making a mistake. Ndidi finds Iheanacho in space and the striker knocks the ball calmly into the bottom right corner.,1

Leicester react to that second Chelsea goal right away. Pereira replaces Albrighton at right wing-back.,0

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-0 LEICESTER CITY! Jorginho runs up, takes a little hop and rolls the penalty kick to the right of Schmeichel. The Leicester keeper knew he was beaten as soon as the ball was struck.,1

GOAL! CHELSEA 1-0 LEICESTER CITY! This goal will definitely count! Chelsea win a corner down their right off Thomas. Chilwell curls the corner in and it nicks off a Leicester defender into Rudiger who bundles it into the net!,1

Lopetegui looks to be shutting up shop as Ocampos makes way for Fattore for the final four minutes of stoppage time.,0

Seconds after coming onto the pitch, Juanlu is carded as he tries to stop a Barcelona counter-attack.,2

Lopetegui makes a change at the heart of his midfield, with Augustinsson replacing Delaney, who was on a yellow card.,0

Gavi leaves his foot in on Fernando, and the referee shows him a yellow card without a moment's hesitation. Gavi is now suspended for Barcelona's next match at the start of January against Mallorca.,2

O DEAR O DEAR! Kounde has been sent to the stands for a moment of utter madness. The Sevilla right-back had a coming together with Alba on the touchline, and it was all very pointless. As Kounde turned around to take a throw-in, Alba shoulder barged him. Rather than let the referee deal with matters, Kounde has lost his temper and thrown the ball into the face of Alba, and the referee has sent him to the stands. What on earth was he thinking!!,3

GOAAALLL - SEVILLA 1-1 BARCELONA - From nowhere, Barcelona are level as Araujo heads into the bottom of the net from a corner. Dembele's delivery to the near post worked a treat, and the centre-back did the rest, breaking free of his marker before firing into the far corner. GAME ON!,1

GOAAALLLLLLL!!! SEVILLA 1-0 BARCELONA - The home fans go wild as a well-worked set-piece routine pays off for Sevilla. Gomez, who placed himself at the back post, charged towards the near post and left his marker for dead before converting Rakitic's cross into the bottom corner. ,1

The referee wastes no time as he books Busquests for a lunging challenge as he tried to snatch the ball away from Ocampos. ,2

GOAL! 3-1 Arsenal! Game over! The Gunners' hard work finally pays off as Bellerin slides a pass into the middle where Welbeck turns before firing home from the middle of the box.,1

Wilshere marks his return to the Emirates Stadium with a yellow card after fouling Welbeck to prevent an Arsenal attack.,2

A very rash challenge from Fredericks on Monreal down the left side and he earns a deserved yellow card.,2

Second change for West Ham sees the introduction of another former Arsenal man, as Perez takes the place of Antonio.,0

GOAL! 1-1! Brilliant play from Arsenal down the right sees Bellerin drill a ball across the face of goal where Monreal has found space, firing home into an empty net.,1

GOAL! 1-0 West Ham! The Hammers have been probing and get the breakthrough after hitting on the counter. Filipe Anderson and Arnautovic combine, with the latter then drilling a low finish from outside the box beyond the reach of Cech.,1

GOAAAALLLL - VALENCIA 1-2 REAL MADRID - Vinícius Júnior now turns provider for Benzema as he picks out the Frenchman with a sensational cross, and the former Lyon man does the rest as he beats Mamardashvili to the ball and heads home.,1

GOAAALLLL - VALENCIA 1-1 REAL MADRID - Vinícius Júnior draws Real Madrid level as his shot takes a wicked deflection off Foulquier, and Mamardashvili is left helpless in the Valencia goal. Ancelotti's men flooded the box, and eventually, the pressure proved too much as Vinícius Júnior converted Benzema's pass.,1

Gomez's night is also over as both benches make several changes. On comes Racic for the final ten minutes!,0

GOAAAALLL - VALENCIA 1-0 REAL MADRID - Duro finally gets his goal after two recent chances. The visitors failed to clear their lines and pick up the winger, who had peeled away at the far post. He had time to bring the ball under control before drilling his shot into the far corner past Courtois. His effort might have just taken a flick off Militao but it was still a superb finish!!,1

Casemiro is the second player to be booked with the officials unhappy with his sliding challenge on Gómez.,2

Lucas Vazquez makes his way onto the field of play, with Carvajal heading to the bench after a 25-minute cameo.,0

Musah makes his way onto the field to replace Carlos Soler, who looks quite emotional after suffering an injury.,0

Thiago, in what could be his final game for Bayern, makes way for Tolisso with the German side very nearly over the line.,0

PSG lose the ball and Lewandowski leads the counter. He glides past Silva and the centre-back sticks out a leg to stop his opponent charging clean through.,2

A frustrated Neymar catches Lewandowski when trying to win the ball and is cautioned by the referee, not helped by the reaction of Bayern's players.,2

Choupo-Moting scored a truly massive goal late on in the quarter-finals and will be looking to repeat the trick here. Di Maria makes way.,0

Bernat is unable to shake off the injury and is replaced by Kurzawa in a like-for-like change at left-back.,0

Herrera is replaced by the more creative Draxler in midfield. PSG have around 20 minutes to find an equaliser.,0

Gnabry is off and Barcelona loanee Coutinho on in his place as Flick makes a double change in attack.,0

Coman, who has been the difference maker so far, is replaced by Perisic. That is a big call from Bayern boss Flick!,0

Paredes is replaced by Verratti with PSG chasing a goal. That is one change apiece for the sides now.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! PSG 0-1 BAYERN!!! First blood Bayern! Kimmich picks up a loose ball 20 yards from goal, clips it to the edge of the six-yard box and Coman gets in front of Kehrer to brilliantly direct an angled header away from Navas into the bottom-right corner.,1

This second half has been very stop-start. Sule is the latest player to be cautioned following a challenge on Di Maria, who knew the foul was coming and took the contact.,2

Paredes reacts angrily to the referee's decision to book Neymar and the complaints from Bayern's players. He is also cautioned by the referee.,2

Gnabry catches Neymar and the PSG forward throws himself to the floor, adding a couple of rolls for good measure. The referee reaches into his pocket for the second time today to issue Gnabry a yellow card.,2

Bayern full-back Davies is the first player to be shown a yellow card by the referee Daniele Orsato for a foul on Kehrer, who would have been in behind if not for the challenge.,2

Boateng was a big doubt for this game and has had to make way just 25 minutes in. He has been hobbling along and stayed down following that chance for Di Maria, with Sule brought on in his place.,0

Venezia are making their last two changes, as they look for a late equaliser. Mateju is the first to go off, with Okereke on in his place.,0

Another double change for Juventus now. Vlahovic is the first to make way, with Chiellini replacing him.,0

It's a frustrated challenge from Haps, who leaves a leg trailing to trip Dybala and he's shown a yellow card.,2

BONUCCI SCORES AGAIN! The corner is whipped in and Danilo rises high to nod it towards goal. Maenpaa is stretching to push it away, but it hits Ampadu before bouncing over the line off Bonucci's shin. It's not the cleanest of finishes, but Juventus won't care. 2-1 Juve!,1

ARAMU EQUALISES! And what a goal it is! It's been coming from Venezia, and they've finally broken through! Ampadu lifts it over Rabiot to Peretz, and he cushions it down for Aramu on his chest. He lets it bounce before letting fly on the half-volley and Szczesny can't get anywhere near it as it nestles in the bottom corner. 1-1!,1

It's a poor challenge from Alex Sandro who lunges in on Henry. He's the latest player to go into the referee's book.,2

Juventus are making a double change here, and Pellegrini, who is on a yellow card, is the first to go off. Alex Sandro replaces him.,0

And Dybala is also being brought on, which will see Juve switch to a 4-3-3 formation. He comes on for Bernardeschi.,0

Kiyine just clips the back of Pellegrini's heels to effectively stop his run and he can have no complaints with the yellow card.,2

Venezia broke on the counter and Pellegrini clipped the back of Crnigoj's heels to stop his run which earns him a yellow card.,2

Venezia aren't going to take any risks with Vacca, so he's taken off to finish getting treatment, and Fiordilino is brought on in his place.,0

Zakaria slid in on Ampadu, catching him with his studs, in an attempt to stop the move. The referee initially played the advantage to the visitors but has gone back to book him now there's a break in play.,2

BONUCCI SCORES! It's a wonderful free-kick into the far post from Pellegrini down the right and De Ligt rises high to knock it back across goal. Bonucci gets in front of his defender to glance it on and Maenpaa has no chance. 1-0 Juve!,1

CARDIFF HAVE TURNED IT AROUND! 2-1! An absolutely stunning, sensational, remarkable - you pick the adjective - strike out of the top drawer from Hoilett! Simply world class from the Canada international, who latches onto a loose ball at the top-left corner of the penalty area and bends an exquisite first-time strike into the top corner, off the underside of the bar! No keeper in the world is saving that.,1

Saiss becomes the second Wolves player booked in the match, this for dissent following the Cardiff equaliser.,2

PARITY RESTORED IN CARDIFF! 1-1! Another goal from a corner, too! Wolves fail to convincingly clear their lines from the set-piece as the ball is floated back into the penalty area where Morrison smartly and unselfishly heads it into the centre for Gunnarsson who produces a remarkably acrobatic finish to pull the hosts level!,1

WOLVES LEAD AGAINST THE RUN OF PLAY! It's 1-0 to the visitors! It certainly isn't a deserved lead, but Nuno won't care in the slightest! A rare attack leads to a corner and Doherty is on hand to crash home the rebound after Etheridge did well to save Jimenez's initial header!,1

GOOOAAALLL! Hernandez scores to send Milan ahead, it’s 3-2! It comes from another corner, this time Hernandez rises highest in the box and he powers a header into the back of the net. That is surely the winning goal!,1

Late double Milan substitution now, with the Calabria one of the players coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Dalot.,0

Akpa Akpro has only been on the pitch for a few minutes and he has already been booked, for his challenge on Krunic.,2

Lazio have made a double substitution now, with Milinkovic-Savic one of those heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Akpa Akpro.,0

Here is the first Milan substitution of the game, with Saelemaekers the man coming off and he has been replaced by Castillejo.,0

Luis Alberto is booked after he slides in and catches Calabria late, stopping the Milan right-back from bringing the ball out from the back.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Immobile levels the game and makes it 2-2! It is a wonderful chip over the top by Milinkovic-Savic and the striker races onto the end of it, before side footing it on the volley into the bottom right-hand corner of the net. Lovely move by the visitors and a superb finish by Immobile.,1

Lazio have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Escalante the man coming off and he has been replaced by Cataldi.,0

Krunic is the first Milan player to be booked for his late challenge on Escalante, after the Lazio man just got to the ball first and Krunic brought him down.,2

Brilliant run from Hernandez from deep inside his own half and he really relives some of the pressure on his side by getting to the halfway line and he flicks the ball past Escalante, who deliberately barges into him to stop the counter. He is awarded the first yellow card of the game.,2

Lazio have made a substitution here, with Correa the man coming off and he has been replaced by Muriqi. It looks like he has picked up an injury.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Lazio have pulled one back, it's 2-1! Luis Alberto quickly reacts to the ball striking the post after Donnarumma saves the penalty and he heads it into the bottom corner of the net from close range. Excellent reactions from the Lazio man.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Calhanoglu converts from the penalty spot and puts Milan 2-0 ahead. The midfielder sends Reina the wrong way, slotting it into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Milan take the lead, it’s 1-0! Rebic opens the scoring on 10 minutes for the hosts. Calhanoglu whips a good corner delivery into the penalty area and Rebic gets away from his marker and powers a header into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, perfectly placed.,1

Waris is caught late when counter-attacking and the yellow card is out again, with Marquinhos this time finding himself on the receiving end.,2

It's taken 88 minutes but the game's first yellow card has been shown. It's gone to Silva, who clattered into Waris as the Ghanaian broke down the left flank.,2

PSG have made a double substitution. The first player to come on is Choupo-Moting, who replaces Cavani.,0

Boschilia looks to have picked up an injury, and he's gingerly made his way off the pitch to be replaced by Waris in Nantes' third and final change.,0

GOAL! PSG have opened the scoring, and this time it will count! A curling corner from Di Maria sails into the middle of the box and is nodded over to Mbappe, who pops up at the far post and pokes in from close range to make it 1-0.,1

It's not easy to come to Elland Road, and face the barmy proposition that is Marcelo Bielsa's Leeds United, but Dean Smith will be delighted with the result today. Goalscorer El Ghazi now makes way, the change eating up the minutes as Villa add Trezeguet.,0

A flying high challenge from Targett sees him catch Hernandez on the back of the head to the Leeds man's fury. To add insult to injury, he's the one who gets booked instead, for what appears to be foul language in his protests.,2

A relatively innocuous free-kick for Villa inside their own half comes with a sudden price as Elmohamady takes too long for the referee's liking and is booked for time-wasting.,2

Villa are yet to make a swap but Leeds have completed their changes for the game now. Tyler Roberts is off - perhaps best given that yellow card - and Pablo Hernandez is on in his place.,0

Now it is time for Leeds to make change number two, and Jack Harrison is indeed the man to arrive, replacing Helder Costa.,0

It's raining yellow cards right now at Elland Road, this time with Klich the guilty party for taking out El Ghazi on the break. The referee looks to almost hand a booking to somebody else, but ultimately doesn't, with Meslier saving the eventual set-piece opportunity swung in.,2

Targett also gets a booking for the tackle itself, and he's perhaps lucky to not face more. He seemed to go in for a second bite with his foot there as Roberts tried to stand, which is where the problem lies.,2

Oh, this could be costly for Leeds. They start a fast counter through the middle and Roberts has to slightly double back for the ball. Targett takes the chance to cut him up and the Wales international is furious with the tackle, swinging out with the ball at him in frustration. His actions get him a booking.,2

With a Leeds corner ably defended by the visitors, the hosts now make their first change of the game, with Ezgjan Alioski on in place of Struijk.,0

GOAL! ANWAR EL GHAZI SMASHES ASTON VILLA INTO THE LEAD! 1-0! What a start for Dean Smith's side! The corner looks to have beaten everyone, but Watkins rattles it back in from the far side to find his team-mate at the right post. He slips too as he makes the first touch but then wrestles it back under control and slips it past Meslier at close range. The best opening salvo the visitors could ask for!,1

Napoli make another change and this time it's Elmas who makes way with Zerbin replacing the North Macedonian.,0

The goalscorer makes way to rapturous applause from the home fans. Simeone is the man who replaces Osimhen.,0

After that goal, Fiorentina make another double-change. Sottil is replaced by Saponara on the left wing.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! NAPOLI LEAD!! 1-0!! Osimhen makes no mistake this time and Napoli are ahead! The striker steps up and slams it high and down the middle to give the home side the lead. With that goal, he becomes the highest-scoring African in the history of Serie A.,1

Napoli make a double-change at half-time. First off is Demme with Lobotka coming on in central midfield.,0

Levante are perhaps fortunate to still have 11 men on the field following that reckless Cabaco challenge on Dembele. The two-goal forward makes way for Denis Suarez, who is a rumoured transfer target for Arsenal.,0

Cabaco is the fourth player to be cautioned, with this latest yellow being shown for a poor challenge on Dembele - that could easily have been a red.,2

Barcelona are simply going through the motions now, not looking like scoring but neither do they look like conceding. Alba is replaced by Roberto for the final quarter of the contest.,0

Postigo goes to ground with an injury and is replaced less than a minute later by Jason. That is now all three changes made by the visitors.,0

Levante's second substitution sees Doukoure come on for Campana in a like-for-like change in central midfield.,0

If Levante's task was not already hard enough, Valverde has brought on Luis Suarez for the remaining 27 minutes. Coutinho will be disappointed that he did not find the net as he makes his way off the field.,0

Here comes that first Levante change of the match, with Dwamena replacing Moya. The Madrid loanee is jeered as he leaves the field.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! BARCELONA 3-0 LEVANTE! There is no denying Messi this time! It is a well-worked third goal for the hosts, as Dembele picks out the run of Semedo, who in turn squares it to Messi to delicately flick the ball past Fernandez. The club-record goalscorer shows great balance and the finish is as clinical as ever.,1

Boateng puts his pace to good use, but Murillo brings him down to halt the attack and earn himself a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! BARCELONA 2-0 LEVANTE! Just like that, Barca have an aggregate lead. Just like the first goal, Dembele converts following some good build-up play from Messi, with the Frenchman rounding Fernandez and scuffing a shot into the ground. The ball may well be spinning wide of goal, but a touch off Fernandez helps it over the line.,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! BARCELONA 1-0 LEVANTE! Dembele opens the scoring in bizarre circumstances at Camp Nou to wipe out Levante's first-leg advantage. The France forward gets a huge slice of luck after taking Messi's pass in his path, as Postigo's attempted clearance hits his leg and deflects over Fernandez.,1

GOAL! FULHAM 1-2 MANCHESTER UNITED! Pogba picks up the ball to the right of Fulham's box. The Frenchman readies himself and curls a fantastic shot into the far bottom corner with his left foot. That's a sweet strike.,1

Bryan finds himself out of position and Greenwood races in behind him. Fulham's left wing-back fouls the winger and takes the yellow card.,2

GOAL! FULHAM 1-1 MANCHESTER UNITED! Cavani gobbles up a goal from close range as Areola can't hold Fernandes' fizzed cross from the left. United have suddenly switched on.,1

Pogba's booked for that challenge on Aina. Fulham have the chance to test De Gea again. They've started well.,2

GOAL! FULHAM 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! Lookman latches onto Anguissa's throughball to fire low into the bottom left corner. That's Fulham's first goal at home in four games.,1

Arteta makes a late double-change now, with Ceballos the first man to depart, going off for Elneny in midfield.,0

Meanwhile, Jesus replaces Taarabt with Pires in midfield as he looks to make his side more compact for the remainder of the game.,0

Arteta makes a double-change of his own now as he looks to grab a winner in the closing stages of the game. The first alteration sees Smith Rowe depart, with Martinelli taking his place.,0

The second change sees Aubameyang - who hasn't had his best game - replaced by Pepe as Arteta adds a second pair of fresh legs to the front line.,0

Meanwhile, Jesus makes a double-change, bringing Pizzi off for a dynamic winger in Everton as the first alteration.,0

There's also a change up front for Benfica, with Nunez going off for Seferovic in a like-for-like swap.,0

GOAL!! ARSENAL ARE LEVEL!!! The Gunners respond almost immediately as Odegaard slips a lovely ball through for Cedric on the left and the full-back slides it into the middle for Saka, who fires in from close range! It's 1-1 now!,1

GOAL!! BENFICA LEAD! Pizzi tucks away the penalty, slotting into the bottom-right corner after a little hop in the run-up! Leno goes the right way, but can't get a hand to it! It's 1-0 to Benfica!,1

Gabriel gets a yellow card for his kick on Bamford and Arsenal have a free-kick. Bamford fouled the defender with a push in the back.,2

Substitution for Leeds. Summerville replaces Roca who sprints off the pitch looking to waste no time with the substitution.,0

Substitution for Arsenal. White is replaced by Tierney. Tomiyasu moves to right-back with the former Celtic man on the left.,0

Under pressure from Roca, Saliba controls the ball inside the box with his arm and is given a yellow card.,2

GOOAALLLL! SAKA SCORES! 1-0 ARSENAL! It’s clinical from Arsenal after a strange decision from Rodrigo. The Spaniard looks to switch the play with a curling ball back to Struijk. Saka gets there first, playing a one-two with Odegaard before crashing the ball into the roof of the net.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!! IT'S CONOR GALLAGHER! AND IT IS HEARTBREAK FOR LEEDS! Enzo drives forward and picks out substitute Gallagher, who takes the touch out of feet and slots past Meslier. Chelsea lead 3-2 and surely that is all she wrote.,1

Well it's no surprise to see Palmer come on because Chelsea would like to find the winner quickly. It is, however, a surprise to see Sterling go off - he's probably been Chelsea's best creative outlet.,0

Firpo's name is taken down by Coote now. He was late into the tackle on Sterling, no complaints from the full-back who knows he mistimed the challenge.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! WE ARE LEVEL AGAIN! Finally there's some real quality into the area. Ampadu sprays a lovely crossfield ball over to Anthony on the left flank and the winger cuts inside and floats a wonderful cross into the air where Joseph just coolly nods past Sanchez for his second of the evening. Chelsea and Leeds are level at 2-2! Game on!,1

It's another yellow for Chelsea and this time it's Caicedo who is late on Joseph. He was never likely to win that one.,2

Enzo also goes into the book now for dissent. It's a silly act from the Chelsea midfielder as he will now miss the quarter-final tie with Leicester if Chelsea get through.,2

GOOOOOOOOAL! CHELSEA TURN IT AROUND! Madueke is given far too much room to turn in midfield, he then finds Gusto out wide and the full-back slips in Sterling, who cuts back from the right to find Mudryk and the Ukrainian drills into the bottom-left corner. Chelsea lead 2-1!,1

GOOOOOOOOAL! CHELSEA ARE LEVEL! It's a good move from Chelsea but Meslier really should do better. Madueke drops a little ball into the path of Caicedo who in turn lays on a lovely throughball to the right of the area for Jackson. The striker holds off the defender and slots through the legs of the Meslier. He really could have doom more to keep it out.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOAL FOR LEEDS! IT'S A DISASTER FROM CHELSEA! It's a short-taken goalkick and Disasi plays a horrendous ball looking for Caicedo, Gray nips in to get the ball, Anthony picks it up and lays it on for Joseph to apply the easy finish for his first senior Leeds goal. The visitors lead 1-0, what an awful moment from the Blues.,1

Dybala dribbles past three Torino defenders before Izzo steps across him to stop the run. The forward goes to ground, but the referee sees it as a dive and he's booked for simulation.,2

IT'S WONDERFUL FROM RONALDO! There was never going to be anyone else standing over this free-kick and Ronaldo lifts the shot over the wall and curls it into the top-left of the corner, giving Sirigu no chance. 3-1 Juventus!,1

TORINO HAVE ONE BACK! It's Belotti that steps up to take it and it's a confident take from the forward. He sends his shot into the bottom-left corner and although Buffon goes the right way, there's no way he could've stopped that one. 2-1!,1

CUADRADO SCORES! It's a quick break by Juventus and Cuadrado stays with Ronaldo as his support. He gets the ball, wrongfoots Bremer in the middle of the box and drills his shot across the keeper and into the bottom-left corner. 2-0 Juventus! ,1

Bonucci picks up the first yellow card of the game after he stretches to reach the ball but ends up catching Verdi with a late tackle.,2

JUVENTUS LEAD! It's brilliant from Dybala as he weaves his way past two Torino defenders in the box, leaving Lyanco on the floor. He waits for Izzo to commit himself before curling his shot over the defender and into the back of the net. 1-0 Juventus!,1

Here's that Southampton change. Their 22-year-old midfielder Smallbone replaces Livramento, who became the Saints' fourth player to make 25 Premier League appearances as a teenager in this game.,0

Chelsea substitution. Ziyech comes on for Mount. The midfielder's not had a bad day. He's scored two of Chelsea's goals and assisted one.,0

Chelsea make another substitution with the win surely wrapped up. James replaces Silva in Chelsea's back three.,0

Bednarek steams into Chelsea's right wing-back Loftus-Cheek to give another free-kick to Chelsea. The Poland international is booked too.,2

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-6 CHELSEA! This is way too easy for Chelsea. Pulisic lashes Alonso's fizzed cross straight at Forster. He can't save it fully, though, and it pops up for Mount who slots it home. Southampton must be getting nervous now. Another 9-0 might be on the cards.,1

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-5 CHELSEA! Southampton's beating hasn't finished yet. Werner nabs his second goal of the game, calmly converting the rebound after Forster saves Kante's drive from the middle of the box.,1

Chelsea make a half-time change with next week's game against Madrid in their minds. Pulisic replaces Havertz.,0

Southampton make another change before the second half too. Diallo replaces the quiet Adam Armstrong.,0

Southampton have struggled so much in this first half that they're going to make a substitution before half-time. Valery replaces the out-of-sorts Romeu.,0

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-4 CHELSEA! Could this be one of *those* games for Southampton? Werner is extremely unlucky not to grab his second goal of the game after skipping past Walker-Peters in the box and slamming the right-hand post. Havertz is on hand to convert the rebound.,1

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-3 CHELSEA! Chelsea are playing like they have a point to prove here! Ward-Prowse's misplaced header leaves the Saints in trouble. Werner darts in behind, takes Forster wide and slots past him into the empty net.,1

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-2 CHELSEA! Mount finds the net with a daisycutter from range! Loftus-Cheek's low cross is cut out and comes out to the Englishman just outside the box. Mount takes a touch to control the ball and sends it skidding into the bottom left corner.,1

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON 0-1 CHELSEA! Alonso gives Chelsea the lead after an end-to-end start! The Spaniard lashes left-footed into the bottom right corner after Mount picks him out in the box.,1

Demirbay immediately receives a yellow card after pulling back Onyedika who was breaking away on the counter.,2

GOAAALLL! BRUGGE SCORE! 1-0 BRUGGE! Sylla latches onto a corner, heading the ball towards goal. Hradecky claims it but carries it over the line. It's a nightmare error from the goalkeeper.,1

OFF! Watkins is sent off as he receives his second booking of the match. He latches on to a long ball over the top and goes down as Henderson sticks out a leg. However, there is no contact and the striker gets booked for simulation before the referee then brandishes the red card.,3

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CAVANI SURELY SETTLES THE GAME!!!! 3-1 UNITED!!!!! The Uruguayan continues his excellent scoring run with a deft header to all but secure the three points. United put the pressure on the Villa defence, which holds firm amid strikes from Cavani and Fred. Rashford takes possession on the right flank and lifts a sublime cross into the box. Cavani makes a run across Cash and guides his header into the bottom-left corner.,1

Maguire pulls back Watkins on the charge and goes into the book. Villa have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GREENWOOD FIRES UNITED AHEAD!!!! 2-1!!!!! The turnaround is complete for the Red Devils as Greenwood fends off Mings before drilling an effort past Martinez. Wan-Bissaka collects on the right flank and feeds Greenwood with his back to goal. The forward does the rest by wheeling his way off Mings and blasting a left-footed strike through the hands of Martinez into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FERNANDES SLOTS HOME AN EQUALISER!!!! 1-1!!!! The Red Devils are level in the game as the Portuguese beats Martinez from 12 yards. Fernandes stutters in his run-up before side-footing a strike into the bottom-right corner, sending the Villa keeper the wrong way.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TRAORE FIRES VILLA AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Traore creates room for himself in the left-inside channel and edges away from Lindelof before drilling a left-footed strike into the top-right corner. McGinn dispossesses McTominay on the edge of the box before Douglas Luiz takes over. He threads a pass through to Traore, who turns away from Lindelof. The Swede cannot get back at the winger before he supplies a perfect finish past Henderson.,1

GOAAALLLLLL! GIBBS-WHITE SCORES! 1-0 FOREST! After a VAR check, Gibbs-White’s goal stands. He reacts the quickest to Johnson’s parried attempt, taking a touch before putting the ball into the net. Originally given as offside, the goal now stands. Guehi was playing him onside. It's his second of the season, with Forest scoring in their last six Premier League home games,1

Bursting towards the box, Mitchell trips over Lingard who was moving at pace. On the edge, Forest players suggest that the Palace man was the last remaining defender and should be sent off, but the referee disagrees. He believes that Andersen was close enough to the Forest player. The left-back receives a yellow card.,2

Zaccagni shimmies past Vidal and wins a promising free-kick 25 yards from goal. Vidal is booked for the trip.,2

Hysaj is replaced by Lazzari in defence. The Lazio defender managed to provide a fortuitous assist for the equaliser, but had to spend most of his game dealing with Inter's rampant attack.,0

Lazio earn two yellow cards in quick succession for different fouls. Initially, the referee thought both were committed by Radu and he decided to send the defender off with two yellow cards! But after taking a moment to compose himself, the referee awarded one card to Radu and one to Zaccagni. ,2

Two changes for Lazio as they try and find a second equaliser. Basic is replaced by the more creative Luis Alberto in midfield.,0

GOALL! SKRINIAR! 2-1. The hosts regain the lead. Bastoni recovers a clearance and takes a touch before whipping in a cross towards the six-yard box. The delivery arcs perfectly towards Skriniar who arrives before Basic to crash a powerful header in off the underside of the bar!,1

GOALL! IMMOBILE! 1-1. Lazio strike back quickly. Hysaj clips a routine pass over the top of the defence but Inter make a mess of it. Skriniar allows it to sail over his head and Handanovic arrives too late to stop Immobile from latching onto it and slotting into an empty net!,1

GOALLL! BASTONI! 1-0 Inter. The hosts finally have their breakthrough with a wonderful goal. Martinez's corner drops for Bastoni 25 yards from goal, and the defender takes a touch before whipping a brilliant low strike into the bottom corner past an unsighted Strakosha! ,1

Egan is booked for a late challenge on Kane. His fifth yellow card of the season rules him out of United's next game.,2

WHAT A FINISH, NDOMBELE!!! 3-1! What a response from Spurs! Once again, United are robbed of possession in a dangerous area. Ndombele feeds Bergwijn before racing onto the Dutchman's return lofted ball, and lifting it over Ramsdale and into the far corner from a tight angle.,1

McGOLDRICK!!! 2-1! Hope for United! The Blades right back in this as McGoldrick gets in between two Spurs defenders to head home Fleck's delicious cross.,1

Lundstram has his name taken after a foul on Bergwijn, who was well-found by Lloris' long kick downfield.,2

KANE!!! 2-0 SPURS! Tottenham ruthlessly punish their opponents. Loose play from the Blades sees Norwood robbed of possession by Hojbjerg. The Dane then feeds the ball into Kane, who turns away from Basham before firmly slotting into the bottom corner from the edge of the area.,1

AURIER!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM! The visitors lead after just five minutes! Too easy for Spurs as Aurier climbs to meet Son's corner and head home at the near post.,1

WHAT A GOAL!! MARTINEZ LASHES IN A THIRD FOR INTER! Lukaku wins the ball on the right and curls in a superb cross with the outside of his left boot that Martinez lashes in on the volley! What a strike! It's 3-1 to Inter!,1

Frydrych, the defender who slipped in the build-up to Lukaku's goal, is off for Takacs as Slavia desperately chase the win they need to keep their Champions League hopes alive.,0

GOAL!!! LUKAKU SURELY WINS IT FOR INTER! Lazaro sends a long ball forward and Frydrych slips while marking Lukaku, allowing the striker clean through on goal! Kolar charges out to face the Belgian but is beaten and Lukaku strolls towards the empty net before blasting it in! It's 2-1 to Inter!,1

Interestingly, Trpisovsky replaced Husbauer with a more defensive player in Zeleny for the final 20 minutes.,0

Kudela picks up a yellow card for a cynical barge on Brozovic. The ball had probably gotten away from the midfielder, in truth, and the foul didn't need to be made.,2

GOAL!! SOUCEK SCORES!! What a turnaround! From going 2-0 down, Slavia find themselves level at 1-1 as the midfielder keeps his cool to fire down the middle via a slight touch from Handanovic! The hosts will be thankful to VAR for disallowing Lukaku's goal at the other end and coming back to award them a penalty!,1

Martínez has been a busy man in the last few minutes! He's now been booked for a clumsy challenge on Kudela. ,2

GOAL!! INTER TAKE THE LEAD! Lukaku shows great strength to bustle his way to the byline before rolling back to Martinez, who smashes home! It's 1-0 to Inter against the run of play!,1

Boril charges down the left and Vecino is always stretching in his challenge, catching the left-back clumsily and earning himself a yellow card.,2

Saville snaps at Lo Celso's heels just in front of Middlesbrough's box and gives away a free-kick. Tottenham aren't happy about the challenge. Saville's booked for it.,2

Middlesbrough are going to go for it. And why not? Fletcher is replaced by Nmecha, the German U21 striker on loan from Manchester City.,0

Middlesbrough substitution. The experienced Johnson replaces Coulson, who Aurier has been tormenting, at left wing-back.,0

GOAL! 1-1 TOTTENHAM! Aurier's balls to the back post have caused Middlesbrough problems all game. The Ivorian puts in a peach of a cross which Lucas heads powerfully past Mejias.,1

GOAL! 1-0 MIDDLESBROUGH! We have a proper cup tie on our hands now! Fletcher beats the offside trap, takes a few touches into Tottenham's box and rolls the ball past an outstretched Gazzaniga!,1

Fletcher loses possession outside Tottenham's box and the visitors counter quickly. Alli goes down from Tavernier's challenge and the referee decides it's a dive. Alli receives a yellow card.,2

Lewandowski is threatening to break on the counter, and Sola, who is already falling over, swipes at the forward to take him down too. It's a needless card to pick up, especially as it's the last action of the game.,2

Barcelona's final change is a double one. Christensen is taken off as Martinez makes his return from injury in the final 10 minutes here.,0

Alaves are making another double change here. Tenaglia is the first to go off, with Hagi on in his place.,0

It's a change that Xavi has been wanting to make for the last few minutes, but he held off when the red card came out for Roque. It's going to be Pedri making way, with Fermin on in his place.,0

ROQUE IS SENT OFF! What a rollercoaster of a substitute appearance this has been! His first yellow card was borderline, but there doesn't seem to be too much in this challenge. He was trying to win the ball off Marin when he clipped the defender on the shin with his trailing leg, but the referee deems it to be a second yellow card. Barca are down to 10 men!,3

Roque makes a run across the front of Tenaglia as he tries to make himself available. He catches the defender in the face as he does, and the referee gives him a yellow card.,2

Alaves were ready to make their double change before the goal, and now they have the chance. Rioja goes off for Rebbach.,0

ROQUE SCORES! Barcelona's two-goal cushion is restored, and what an impact by the substitute! It starts with a lovely bit of skill from Yamal, who spins away from Lopez before holding it up. Barcelona work it out to the opposite flank to Fort, and the two substitutes combine, as he picks out the Brazilian to slot it into the back of the net. 3-1 Barca!,1

Xavi's injury woes are about to get even worse here. Gundogan went down with a possible muscle problem, and it's a blow for them to lose him. Roque is brought on to replace him.,0

SAMU PULLS ONE BACK! Alaves are right back in this game! Sola takes three Barcelona players out of the game as he drives down the right, turning De Jong at the end of it, so he can pick out a cross. Samu gets in front of Araujo to meet it and thumps his header past Pena and in at the near post. 2-1!,1

GUNDOGAN SCORES! Barcelona go straight down the other end and get their second goal! Gundogan has easily been their best player in this game after setting up the opener earlier, and now he has a goal of his own. Pedri clips a lovely cross in from the left of the box, and the German meets it on the volley, lifting it over Sivera and into the back of the net. 2-0 Barca!,1

There's a change for Barcelona at the start of the second half. Cancelo is taken off, and 17-year-old Fort is brought on in his place.,0

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! It's a lovely finish from the striker! It's a great team goal in general, starting with De Jong's pass to Gundogan with the outside of the boot, followed by the German's inch-perfect throughball between Alaves' defence to pick out Lewandowski. Sivera rushes off his line to close him down, but he chips a wonderful shot over the goalkeeper and into the empty net. 1-0 Barca!,1

Samu and Araujo have their arms wrapped around each other during an aerial challenge, but when he tries to break, he claims he was dragged back. He isn't happy not to get a free-kick, and he's booked for dissent for his angry reaction.,2

ALEXANDER-ARNOLD SCORES! Shaqiri squares the ball to Thiago and he drills a first-time shot at Martinez who parries it away. Cash hooks it clear, but only to Alexander-Arnold, who takes it around Luiz before curling a shot past the keeper and into the far right corner of the net. 2-1 Liverpool! ,1

Liverpool's final change is an attacking one as Klopp brings off Kabak and replaces him with Shaqiri.,0

Watkins is going for the ball, but he's late on Thiago and catches him with his studs, so he's shown the yellow card.,2

Trezeguet limps off the field with the help of the medical team and goes straight down the tunnel and Ramsey comes on in his place.,0

The yellow card is out again and being shown to Robertson this time after he clattered into Trezeguet to stop the counter-attack.,2

Targett backs into Salah to stop him from bringing down a header and has his name taken by the referee.,2

Traore went down with an injury and the medical team signalled that he couldn't carry on as he made his way to the side of the pitch, so El Ghazi comes on for him.,0

Villa are making the first change of the game and it's Nakamba that's making way, with Barkley on for him.,0

LIVERPOOL EQUALISE! It's too easy for Liverpool as they switch play from right to left and Jota picks out Robertson's driving run. He gets ahead of Konsa to drill a shot on goal and Martinez gets a strong hand to it but he pushes it into Salah's path and he heads it into the empty net. 1-1! ,1

Luiz is standing in front of Wijnaldum to prevent him from taking a free-kick so the Dutchman hits it against him and Luiz is booked.,2

VILLA LEAD! Watkins isn't given a lot of space when he's played in on the edge of the box by McGinn, but he still manages to poke a shot on goal between the two defenders. It looks like Alisson has saved it, but it's poor from the keeper as it bounces under his arm and into the back of the net. 1-0 Villa!,1

LALLANA!!! IT'S 1-1! A huge equaliser for Liverpool! Following a patient build-up, Robertson delivers a cross that evades everybody in the box and an unmarked Lallana drifts in at the far post to tap home.,1

Fabinho is shown the first yellow card of the game for a professional foul on James, who was threatening to break on the counter.,2

In the meantime, Liverpool make their first change as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain comes on in place of Origi.,0

RASHFORD!!! 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! Liverpool feel like they should have had a free-kick after Origi goes down under a challenge from Lindelof. However, play goes on and James sprints into the gaping hole down the Liverpool left before delivering a brilliant cross for Rashford, who tucks home. VAR carry out a check for a foul but, following its completion, the goal stands.,1

GOAL!!! BAKAMBU GETS ONE BACK!!! Do Galatasaray have life? Oliveira lofts a delightful throughball over the top for Bakambu, who catches his first-time shot sweetly and sends it past Neuer and into the far corner. Bayern's lead is reduced to 2-1!,1

Gnabry comes on for Coman, who created three chances in his time on the pitch, tied with Kimmich for the most in the match.,0

GOAL!!! KANE MAKES IT 2-0!!! The substitute Nelsson needlessly gives the ball away and Bayern latch onto it. It is played out to the left for Tel, who slides a perfect pass into the path of Kane at the back post, and the striker makes no mistake as he fires home to surely put this game to bed!,1

GOAL!!! KANE PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!! It is that man again as Kane puts the hosts in front! Kimmich's curling free-kick delivery is delightful and Kane is onto it, nodding past Muslera and in from close range, and though the flag immediately goes up for offside, a subsequent VAR check reverses the decision and awards the goal! Tuchel's men are 1-0 up!,1

Bakambu comes on for Zaha, who struggled to make much of an impact, failing to create a chance or register a shot on target.,0

Angelino is replaced by Nelsson, whose introduction at the heart of the defence means Bardakci will slide across to left-back.,0

Tel comes on for Sane, who leads Bayern with seven touches in the opposition box but failed to capitalise on his 0.31 xG (expected goals).,0

Icardi has been lively, albeit only having the one shot. He makes way for Tete with just over 20 minutes to play.,0

Buruk looks to his bench for the first time, bringing on Yilmaz for Ziyech, who will be ruing that opportunity a moment ago.,0

Davies' is the first name in the referee's book after a foul on Boey, standing on the Galatasaray man's foot in midfield.,2

Buendia is shown a yellow card for trying to edge closer to the free-kick while standing in the wall.,2

Jonny is unable to continue following Godfrey's late challenge on him, and this sees Vinagre return from his injury lay-off to replace him.,0

Godfrey is shown a yellow card for catching Jonny's foot as he went to kick the ball. However, there will be a VAR check for a potenial red card...,2

GOOOAL! Jimenez makes it 3-0 to Wolves! Jimenez slides a pass through to Jota on the right-hand side of the box, and the striker is denied his second hat-trick of the week as he sees his strike rocket off the post. However, the rebound then falls to Jimenez who bundles the ball into an empty net!,1

Moutinho runs on to the ball in midfield before threading a neat pass through to Jota, but the striker goes down under the challenge of Aarons on the edge of the box and the referee awards a free-kick. Aarons is booked for his foul.,2

GOOOAL! Jota makes it 2-0! Wolves’ corner is played out to Moutinho who swings in a delivery which is flicked towards the back post, and Saiss is there waiting to volley a delivery across the face of goal which Jota taps into an empty net.,1

GOOOAL! Jota makes it 1-0 to Wolves! Doherty latches on to a loose ball in the box before poking it through to Jota, and the striker controls it on the turn before drilling his powerful strike underneath Krul.,1

PSG play things safe and take Vitinha off. The 17-year-old Bitshiabu will take his place for the last few minutes.,0

Sima also departs. Had he scored when Angers were only 1-0 down, this would have been a different game. Thioub comes on.,0

Ekitike, the scorer of PSG's first goal, heads off after a decent display. Soler takes his place on the pitch.,0

GOAL! PSG 2-0 ANGERS! Messi's goal stands! It's just as well too, as it was a typically deft finish from the Argentine from Mukiele's pass. The champions can now breathe a lot more easily.,1

Abdelli is Angers' third departure in this substitution window. Boufal, one of Morocco's stars in the recent World Cup, comes on.,0

GOAL! PSG 1-0 ANGERS! PSG take the lead in no time at all! Mukiele crosses low from the right for Ekitike, who finds the bottom left corner smartly from the centre of the box.,1

Spurs are going to finish this game a man down though; Doherty crashes into Hernandez and picks up a second yellow, seeing him sent off for a second bookable offence. He'll be suspended too.,3

A hasty challenge from Kalvin Phillips now and his booking is more costly than usual; it is his fifth, earning him a one-match ban.,2

Harry Kane - who became a father this week - makes way for Tottenham's final change, with Carlos Vinicius on his place.,0

Hojbjerg picks up a late booking here, as the minutes tick down. Tottenham will be pleased with this though; a winning start to 2021 is just what they need.,2

Lloris gets a glance to this one and Ayling's return ball sails wide of the mark. Moussa Sissoko replaces Winks for the hosts.,0

Leeds make that final change quickly, with Pablo Hernandez replacing Rodrigo in the attacking midfield area.,0

Doherty picks up a yellow for a reckless challenge on Ayling now, made all the more impressive by the fact that he got nowhere near the Leeds man.,2

The visitors make their first change of the game and it's Ian Poveda - making his ninth appearance off the bench in the Premier League this term - who replaces a disappointed Harrison.,0

GOAL! TOBY ALDERWEIRELD BUNDLES IN TOTTENHAM'S THIRD! 3-0! It's a smart low header from the defender, tipping Son's corner in at the near-post despite Meslier's attempts to bat it out.,1

GOAL! SON HEUNG-MIN MAKES IT TWO FOR TOTTENHAM! 2-0! On the stroke of half-time, the Korea Republic star races into the box and strokes a low Kane cross in at the near-right post. Superb stuff for his 100th club goal!,1

GOAL! HARRY KANE HANDS TOTTENHAM THE LEAD! 1-0! It's the England captain's 205th club goal and he simply drills it straight down the middle as Meslier goes left. Spurs lead against the run of play.,1

A bit of frustration setting in for PAOK as Pelkas takes out Willian from behind to halt an attack. That's a yellow card for the player who has only just come on.,2

MORE DELIGHT FOR CHELSEA! Morata makes it 4-0 just moments after entering the fray, getting between two defenders to head home Hudson-Odoi's exquisite delivery at the near post!,1

Another exciting Chelsea prospect enters the fray now as Ampadu replaces Zappacosta. It's a first appearance of the season for the 18-year-old, who makes his European debut.,0

THERE IT IS! 3-0 CHELSEA! What a moment for Hudson-Odoi! The crowd urges him to shoot and he does just that, cutting inside and just tucking a finish in at the near post as he marks his full European debut and his first start at Stamford Bridge with a goal!,1

A cynical challenge from Cahill sees him into the book. The defender needlessly dragged El Kaddouri down from behind near the halfway line to stop a potential break, even though Chelsea had plenty of bodies back in support.,2

A cynical challenge from Wernbloom on Hudson-Odoi sees him into the book. It's the first yellow card issued in this match, coming 43 minutes after the first red card.,2

With their Europa League campaign coming to an end, PAOK bring Prijovic off so as not to run their top scorer into the ground tonight, with Warda on to take his place.,0

STUNNING! ABSOLUTELY STUNNING! 2-0 CHELSEA! It's vintage Fabregas, who chips a stunning ball over top of the defence from 35 yards to perfectly pick out the run of Giroud. The striker still had a tough ask to finish, but gets the timing of his volley absolutely perfect to beat Paschalakis at his near post!,1

CHELSEA HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! There was certainly a sense of inevitability in that from Chelsea, who have dominated the 10 men of PAOK and finally have a lead to show for it as Giroud bends a delicious left-footed effort into the far corner on the end of a lovely assist from Pedro.,1

PAOK DOWN TO 10 MEN! It's about the worst possible start the visitors could have drawn up! Matos' dreadful back-pass puts Khacheridi under all sorts of pressure as he tries to beat Giroud to it, but arrives just a split-second too late. He takes the striker to ground, denying a clear goal-scoring opportunity, leaving the referee with little choice but to produce a red card.,3

That will be Rodrygo's final involvement, with Ancelotti opting to withdraw the Brazilian and introduce Asensio.,0

GOAAAAAAL! RODRYGO GETS HIS BRACE! 2-0! What a goal this is from Madrid! A splendid move sees Vinicius dart onto Rudiger's ball in behind and cut back for Valverde on the edge of the area. The midfielder takes a fine touch past Silva before bearing down on Kepa and unselfishly squaring for Rodrygo to tap in. It's 4-0 on aggregate, and the holders are heading to the Champions League semi-finals!,1

Lampard responds with a change of his own. Mount comes on for Havertz, who has been lively but lacking in end product.,0

With the tie seemingly won, Benzema will get a rare rest from Champions League duty! Ancelotti brings Tchouameni on to shore up Madrid's midfield.,0

Chelsea are making a trio of attacking substitutions as they bid to claw back a 3-0 aggregate deficit. Joao Felix replaces Gallagher.,0

GOAAAAAAAL! MADRID HIT CHELSEA ON THE BREAK! It's 1-0 at Stamford Bridge, and 3-0 on aggregate! Chalobah completely misses with an attempt to intercept Militao's pass, sending Rodrygo clear on the right. The Brazilian's cut-back is missed by Benzema but Vinicius keeps it alive, teeing up Rodrygo to slam beyond Kepa from six yards out! Surely this tie is over now!,1

Camavinga cries out after coming off worse from a 50-50 challenge with James. The England man is booked, with replays showing he caught the top of Camavinga's foot with his studs showing.,2

Madrid make a half-time substitution as former Chelsea favourite Rudiger enters the fray. He replaces Alaba in the heart of the Blancos defence as they look to see out this tie.,0

Cucurella becomes the first Chelsea player booked, having cynically tripped Rodrygo as the Brazilian looked to scamper through midfield. Seconds earlier, Chelsea were frustrated not to be awarded a free-kick when James went down 25 yards out.,2

Militao flies into a reckless challenge on Gallagher, who was looking to break in behind on the left. The Madrid man is booked as Chelsea get a free-kick in a dangerous position, with Fernandez set to deliver.,2

Meyer slowly makes his way off the field as he tries to run down the clock a little bit and he is replaced by Townsend. ,0

Palace's first change of the game sees the scorer of the first goal, Benteke, come off to be replaced by Ayew. ,0

BRILLIANT GOAL FROM AUBAMEYANG! He dribbles his way past three Palace defenders as he comes inside from the right wing. He tries to play in Lacazette, but the pass deflects back to him off Kelly, so he takes a touch and then fires his shot into the bottom corner from the edge of the box. 3-2!,1

MCARTHUR MAKES IT THREE! Arsenal have really struggled to deal with set pieces into the box today and once again they can't clear Milivojevic's corner. Dann gets there first and McArthur was stood in the right place to put the effort on target and give his side a two-goal cushion. Arsenal are asking for offside, but Guendouzi was playing him on. 3-1 Palace!,1

ZAHA RESTORES PALACE'S LEAD! A long free-kick is flicked on to Zaha and he easily brushes Mustafi aside to reach the ball first and slot the ball past the keeper and into the back of the net! 2-1 Palace!,1

OZIL EQUALISES FOR ARSENAL! The Palace defenders just couldn't get close to Arsenal during the build-up as Iwobi pulled out wide and squared the ball back into the box. Lacazette picks it up and then plays a short throughball to Ozil who is unmarked and he chips the ball over the top of Guaita wonderfully from a very tight angle on the left of the six-yard box to find the back of the net. 1-1!,1

Emery has decided to make a double substitution at the start of the second half. Mavropanos is the first player to make way and he's replaced by Iwobi. ,0

BENTEKE GIVES PALACE THE LEAD! Once again, Arsenal give away a cheap free-kick on the right side and Milivojevic's cross picks out Benteke, who is unmarked on the edge of the six-yard box. The forward gets his head to the ball and sends his effort past Leno and into the back of the net. 1-0 Palace!,1

HAALAND!!! 2-0 DORTMUND! And the points are in the bag! Bellingham climbs well to flick on Burki's long clearance, releasing Haaland in the process. The Norwegian does not miss this time, drilling the ball under the dive of Kerzhakov.,1

SANCHO!!! 1-0 DORTMUND! The England international steps up and calmly sends the goalkeeper the wrong way.,1

PENALTY TO DORTMUND! The referee points straight to the spot after Hazard is dragged to the ground by Karavaev, who is booked for his trouble.,2

The hardworking Kuzyaev is given a well-earned rest by Zenit, as he goes off to be replaced by Magomed Ozdoev.,0

RED CARD! The Blades are two goals down and are now down to 10 men after Ahmedhodzic is shown a second yellow card for a foul on Dominguez with just seconds left to play.,3

There is a loud cheer for Awoniyi, who is making his way off the bench after injury. He comes on for Wood up front.,0

Forest make two changes. Hudson-Odoi scored two goals of real quality for the Tricky Trees but is denied his hat-trick. He makes his way off for Dominguez.,0

Montiel conceded a penalty in the first half and was booked, but recovered well to put in a strong defensive performance. He is coming off for Toffolo.,0

Archer created an xG of 0.77 but failed to score any of his three shots and is now coming off for Souza.,0

McAtee was getting ready to come on before Forest scored their third goal and is now replacing Brooks, who has struggled to make an impact.,0

GOALLL! HUDSON-ODOI SCORES AGAIN! 3-1 FOREST! That should be the winner for the Tricky Trees! Gibbs-White has possession in the middle of the Blades' half, and he rolls a pass down the left to Hudson-Odoi. He is allowed to cut inside and onto his right foot inside the box and whips his effort into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLL! YATES SCORES! 2-1 FOREST! What a contribution from the captain! Gibbs-White chips a deep free-kick into the box, with Elanga lifting it back into the middle from the right. Boly then flicks it to Yates, who crashes his strike past Foderingham.,1

GOALLLLL! HUDSON-ODOI SCORES! 1-1! What a strike to get Forest level! Danilo has possession in the middle of the Blades half, and he slides a pass out to Hudson-Odoi on the left. The winger cuts inside to get past Bogle and whips his effort into the top-right corner.,1

GOALLLL! BRERETON DIAZ SCORES! 1-0 TO THE BLADES! The hosts take the lead! Brereton Diaz thunders his strike down the left side of the goal, with Sels diving the other way. That was a confident penalty!,1

Montiel is not happy with the referee and delays the penalty from being taken, which results in a yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! POGBA SCORES!!! 3-2!! The Frenchman does not use the same run-up as last week for this spot-kick. On this occasion he runs up and smashes his strike into the roof of the net, giving Ryan no chance.,1

Murray and Lindelof are embroiled in a battle in the air, which sees the Swede dumped on the ground. Murray goes into the book for the infraction.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!! GROSS CONVERTS!!! BRIGHTON 3-1!!! The Seagulls have a third goal as the German holds his nerve from the penalty spot. It's not the best spot-kick as he drills it down the middle and it strikes of the legs of De Gea. However, the Spaniard cannot keep it out, deflecting the ball into the roof of the net. ,1

GOALLLLLLLL!!!! LUKAKU GETS UNITED BACK IN THE GAME!!!! 2-1!!!! Lukaku notches his first goal of the season with a simple header from close range. Brighton fail to clear their lines from a corner and the ball is deflected into the path of the Belgian in the six-yard area. He makes the glancing contact needed to guide his effort beyond the reach of Ryan. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! DUFFY MAKES IT TWO!!!! BRIGHTON 2-0!!!!! The home side are in dreamland as Duffy places his strike into the bottom corner from close range. United failed to clear the danger from the corner. Knockaert worked the ball back into the middle where he found the unmarked Duffy. The centre-back picked his spot with a left-footed strike, burying his effort. United are stunned.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MURRAY FLICKS BRIGHTON AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead as Murray converts from close range with a brilliant finish. Brighton built down the left through Bong, who found the run of March. The winger sent a low cross towards the near post and Murray made the move before flicking the ball with the outside of his boot past De Gea into the net. A super goal from the Seagulls.,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! MARIANO SEALS IT! What a remarkable introduction for the striker who, with his first touches, gets the better of Umtiti, sprints into the area and, from a tight angle, manages to scuff a finish in over Ter Stegen.,1

Another change from Madrid. Valverde – who receives a standing ovation from the home fans - makes way for Vazquez.,0

Five minutes remaining for Barca to salvage something, but it’s Madrid who are on top at the moment and, in a show of frustration, Messi has just lunged in on Casemiro and rightly receives a booking.,2

Here’s a double change from Setien, who is rolling the dice in an attempt to get back into this game. First, Griezmann makes way for Fati, who has enjoyed a brilliant breakthrough season so far.,0

The other Barca switch sees Arthur go off, with Rakitic – who has scored some stunning goals in huge games in the past – coming on.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! VINICIUS PUTS MADRID AHEAD! Finally, we have the breakthrough. Kroos is given time to pick a pass into Vinicius, who drives into the box and this time gets a shot off and, with Pique lunging across, it deflects beyond Ter Stegen and into the net. Madrid 1-0 Barca!,1

What a moment this is for Braithwaite. A week after coming on and impressing against Eibar in his Barca debut, the former Leganes forward is now on for his Clasico bow. He has replaced Vidal, suggesting Barca will go into a 4-3-3.,0

Alba did not seem to do too much wrong in that incident but, nevertheless, has also gone into the book.,2

A bit of hustle and bustle down on the left flank as Alba and Carvajal clash. The referee is quickly over and again shows no hesitation in getting his cards out – showing the first one to Madrid’s full-back.,2

A first booking of the match just 10 minutes in and it goes to Vinicius, who fouled Semedo. Strangely enough, it was the first foul of the match from either side, so it is no surprise that Vinicius seems to feel he was hard done by.,2

Kean tries to block Bereszynski from making a clearance but gets there late and catches him with his studs. He's booked for the challenge.,2

CANDREVA SCORES! Juventus think they should have a free-kick, but the referee says it wasn't a foul and allows Sampdoria to continue. Silva pulls the ball back on the left, and it's behind Quaglirella, but Candreva is following it in and slots it into the bottom corner. 3-2! ,1

Final changes for Juventus now and Morata was just feeling his hamstring after taking that last shot, so he's taken off and replaced by Kean.,0

There's a double change for Juventus now which is going to bring a change in formation to three at the back as Chiellini comes on in place of Chiesa.,0

It's a poor challenge from Cuadrado as he slides in late on the back of Damsgaard, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

LOCATELLI SCORES! He started the move with a good scoop over the defender for Chiesa, but when he can't get a shot away, Kulusevski keeps it alive. The keeper rushes out to the substitute, so Locatelli is left with an open net to aim for when it's laid off to him and he makes it 3-1 to Juve! ,1

Bentancur drags the back of Colley's shirt to stop him from getting away and has his name taken by the referee.,2

YOSHIDA SCORES! Less than two minutes after Juventus doubled their lead, Yoshida has pulled one back. The corner is whipped in by Candreva and the defender rises highest to get on the end of it. He thumps his header past Perin and into the back of the net. After a quick VAR check, it stands! 2-1! ,1

BONUCCI SCORES! It's the captain that steps up to the spot to take the penalty and he coolly slots it into the back of the net. He sends Audero the wrong way and places his effort into the bottom left corner to make it 2-0 Juve! ,1

Thorsby goes through the back of Chiesa without getting anywhere near the ball and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Dybala has gone off the field in tears, and it appears he's picked up a muscle injury. He's led straight down the tunnel and Kulusevski is rushed into his kit so he can be brought on.,0

DYBALA SCORES! The initial attempt from Locatelli on the edge of the box is blocked, but when it comes back to him, he picks out Dybala. He hits it first time, keeping the shot low, and it swerves away from Audero and into the bottom right corner. 1-0 Juve! ,1

Jones comes on for the closing stages of the game to replace Thiago, whose assist opened up the game for Liverpool.,0

Odegaard could well have put Arsenal ahead before Jota broke the deadlock. The midfielder makes way for Smith Rowe.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FIRMINO MAKES IT TWO!!!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! The visitors double their lead as Firmino converts at the near post. Firmino starts the move by robbing Gabriel in the Arsenal box, and although Salah's sees his first effort blocked, Liverpool maintain their attack. It is worked out to the left flank where Robertson raids into the box before producing a fine low cross that the Brazilian slots past Ramsdale.,1

Despite scoring the opener Jota is now withdrawn by Klopp in a change that was scheduled before the goal. Salah replaces the Portuguese in the final third.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JOTA FIRES LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!!! The Portuguese latches on to a sublime throughball from Thiago before he beats Ramsdale at his near post with a crisp strike. Thiago threads the needle to send Jota between Cedric and White, and he races into the inside-left channel before he drives a low effort through the hand of the Arsenal keeper into the back of the net.,1

Udinese break down the middle through Ebosele, and Nicolussi Caviglia is booked as he hacks him down. Time is almost up for Juventus.,2

Success makes a silly foul in midfield lunging for a lost ball now, and Juventus have a promising free-kick midway in the opposition half.,2

Gatti is booked for a clumsy tackle outside his own box and Udinese have a free-kick. The set-piece is soft though and of little danger to the hosts.,2

Suddenly, Udinese are on the counter, and fly straight down the middle, sending alarm bells ringing. Bremer puts in the last-ditch body check on Samardzic and is booked for his efforts.,2

GOAL! UDINESE TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! A smash-and-grab set-piece finish of sorts, and the visitors are in front. With a free-kick on the right wing, Alex Sandro’s initial block falls straight to Giannetti, who bundles home at close range! That's a body blow for Juve!,1

Ehizibue will be on edge for the rest of this game now as he picks up an early booking, catching Chiesa with a heavy challenge.,2

RED CARD! Romero sticks out a leg and brings down Grealish on the charge. He receives his second booking and then a red card.,3

Ederson is booked for dissent after appealing for a free-kick for Lewis after he went down under pressure from Kulusevski.,2

Sessegnon replaces Perisic for the final 11 minutes of the game to provide fresh legs down the left flank.,0

Perisic brings down Silva on the charge with a cynical challenge. He goes into the book without complaint.,2

Romero slides in hard on Haaland in the City half and goes into the book. That was a needless challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KANE FIRES SPURS AHEAD!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Kane breaks the deadlock, becomes Tottenham's all-time leading goal-scorer and scores his 200th Premier League goal. Hojbjerg wins possession on the edge of the City box with pressure on Lewis from a loose Rodri pass. The Dane offloads to Kane, who finds space and places his strike away from Ederson into the bottom-left corner. What a moment for the forward.,1

GOAL!!! City get another!!! Sterling goes down in the box, but the referee waves away any penalty appeals. Struijk only half-clears it through, as Fernandinho rifles it back in, and Meslier, despite getting a hand to it, can't keep it out of the bottom corner! 4-0, and it's only getting worse for Leeds.,1

GOAL! City have a third! Cancelo plays it inside to Foden, and Jesus escapes Ayling to receive the ball in space. His first touch sets him to shoot, and the second sees him fire it beyond Meslier to make it 3-0 to City! That might just be the goal that puts Leeds to bed!,1

The booked Firpo comes off for Leeds, who bring on more attacking reinforcements in the form of Joe Gelhardt.,0

GOAL!!! City double their lead!!! Dias rises to head down the corner, and it's poked home at the front post by Ake!! 2-0 up, and City can start to relax a bit here!,1

GOOAAALL!!! City take the lead!!! The free-kick is curled across the face of goal by Foden, and Rodri gets across his man to glance a header beyond Meslier and into the bottom corner! 1-0 to the reigning champions, and Leeds' frailty from set-pieces is exploited!,1

Firpo pulls back Foden as he looks to turn away from the Leeds left-back, and is booked. That's his TENTH of the season so far!,2

HAT-TRICK!!!!!!! Lewandowski takes charge of the free-kick and curls it superbly into the top corner past Domenech. That's game done and dusted. Barcelona have four, and the Pole has three. 4-2!!!,1

IS THAT THE WINNER FOR BARCA?! An inswinging corner is swung in dangerously from Gundogan and causes chaos in the Valencia box. It ricochets off the head of Araujo, and kindly falls to Lewandowski who heads into the unguarded goal. Xavi's outfit have their noses in front late on! 3-2 to Barcelona!,1

GOALLLL!!!!! Barcelona level and guess who?! The corner is swung in by Gundogan and Lewandowski powers home from the near post beyond Domenech. 2-2!,1

HE'S OFF! Mamardashvili is sent off for a deliberate handball outside his area, and Valencia will have to play the remainder of the game with ten men and a deputy goalkeeper.,3

GOALLLLLL!!!! WHAT A TURNAROUND! Pepelu calmly slots the ball past ter Stegen and Valencia lead 2-1. The German goalkeeper had no chance with that!,1

IT'S A HOWLER! Valencia level and it's a goal ter Stegen will not want to see again. Hugo Duro notches his 13th of the season, and it all comes from a long ball from Correia. Duro touched it down to Gonzalez, who played it forward once more with the Spaniard kept onside by Kounde. The German keeper tries to sweep up and dink it over Duro's head, but gets it horribly wrong. 1-1!,1

GOALL!!! Barcelona LEAD! Cancelo ventures down the left and knocks it back to Raphinha who whips in a delicious cross with pace, and Fermin crashes the box to nod home the opener. 1-0 Barca!,1

Messi tries a shot from distance, and it's blocked by Gradit, who used his hand! He's booked, and it's more of a surprise that the card isn't red, really.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! PSG EQUALISE!!!! Mbappe crosses from the left, and it's the substitute Wijnaldum who arrives at the front post to head the ball past a rooted-to-the-spot Leca, and make it 1-1!!! The stadium has fallen silent, and it's agony for Lens!,1

Fofana goes down under a challenge from Gueye, but it's Hakimi who's booked, most likely for protesting the referee's decision.,2

Muinga has been exceptional leading the line for Lens, and Massadio Haïdara comes on for the last ten,0

PSG really aren't happy with the ref's call to play on, least of all Verratti, who is booked for dissent by the referee after all his protesting over the goal.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLLL!!!!!! LENS BREAK THE DEADLOCK!!!!! Messi is dispossessed and stays down, but the home side play on and Fofana unleashes an absolute bolter of a shot, that goes straight through Navas and into the net!!! PSG protest, but the home fans don't care; they're in raptures as Lens lead 1-0!!!!,1

Medina strangely handles the ball very deliberately under pressure from Icardi, and is rightfully booked.,2

IKONE GETS A LATE EQUALISER! It's been coming and Lille are finally level. Valencia just don't clear their lines and Ikone uses his first touch to pull away from the defender in front of him before firing his shot into the top of the net. 1-1!,1

The yellow card is out again and this time it's shown to Gomez after he catches Andre with a late challenge. ,2

Final change for Valencia now and it's a defensive one to make up for the sending off. The goal scorer, Cheryshev, makes way and Garay comes on and quickly takes his spot in the wall.,0

Lille are making a change ahead of their free-kick and it's Djalo that's coming off to be replaced by Bamba.,0

There were a lot of players surrounding the referee after his decision to send off Diakhaby but Djalo managed to talk himself into a booking. ,2

VALENCIA DOWN TO 10! Just two minutes after receiving his first booking, Diakhaby has been sent off! Lille were breaking quickly upfield and Diakhaby pulled back Osimhen on the edge of the box. There were two other defenders back though and he didn't need to make the challenge. ,3

Galtier makes his second change of the game now and it's Remy that's coming onto the field now, with Yazici making way.,0

Lille make their first change of the game now and it's Araujo that's making way for Ikone to come onto the field. ,0

Celades makes his second change of the game now as Gameiro, who just set up the goal, comes off and is replaced by Lee.,0

VALENCIA LEAD! They've been putting Lille under more pressure in the second half and have a reward for it. It's a good cross from Gameiro and Cheryshev has time to take a touch away from his defender and curl his effort past Maignan and into the bottom right corner. 1-0 Valencia!,1

There's a change for Valencia at the start of the second half and it's Kondogbia that's making way as Soler comes onto the field. ,0

Celik picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Costa with a late challenge on the back of his heel.,2

Pukki leaves the pitch to applause from the home fans. Tzolis replaces him for the last few minutes of this match.,0

GOAL! NORWICH CITY 2-0 BURNLEY! Pukki sinks Burnley's hopes of getting anything from this game! The visitors switch off after a Norwich free-kick. The Finn controls Normann's pass to slot past Pope into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

Lees-Melou is shown the game's first yellow card for an off-the-ball incident in the buildup to Cornet's shot.,2

GOAL! NORWICH CITY 1-0 BURNLEY! Burnley don't completely deal with Dowell's corner as Byram heads wide. The ball comes out to Lees-Melou, who takes a stuttered run-up from the edge of the box to curl it precisely into the bottom right corner.,1

Olympiacos make their first change as Benzia comes on to replace Valbuena, who receives a standing ovation from the home crowd.,0

GOOOAL! Valbuena levels the scores to make it 2-2! The midfielder steps up and sends Lloris the way before nestling the ball into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

GOOOAL! Podence makes it 2-1! Valbuena receives the ball on the edge of the box and spots the run of Podence on his right. The midfielder then times his pass well to pick out Podence, and he takes a touch before firing home into the bottom left-hand corner.,1

GOOOAL! Moura makes it 2-0 to Tottenham! Davies does well to win the ball on the left wing before squaring a pinpoint pass to Moura on the edge of the box, and Moura then steadies himself before drilling a fine effort into the right-hand side of the goal from just outside the area.,1

GOOOAL! Kane makes it 1-0 to Tottenham! The England striker steps up calmly before firing the ball down the middle and into the roof of the net.,1

GOAL! 1-0 SPURS! And what a goal it is! Sissoko bursts into Inter's box from deep. He crosses short to Alli, who has the presence of mind to lay it off to Eriksen who arrows the ball high into the net. That's what Spurs need! ,1

Yellow card Son sees a yellow for tugging Brozovic's shirt when the Croatian was bursting through midfield.,2

De Vrij is booked for a foul on Lamela down Spurs' left. It'll be the Argentine's last act of the game.,2

Inter are finding their way into the game. Icardi chases a flick-on, beating Alderweireld for pace until the Belgian hauls the striker down. Alderweireld is booked.,2

GOALLLL! RITCHIE SCORES OFF THE BENCH! 2-2! Newcastle are level again! Guimaraes has possession inside Bournemouth's half and he loops a cross into a dangerous area. Bournemouth cannot clear it away and the ball bounces around before Ritchie has the decisive touch, thumping it in from close range. That's his second goal in six outings against Bournemouth, his former side!,1

Ritchie also comes on and replaces Almiron in the attack. He will be hoping to have an impact for Howe against his former side.,0

A proud moment for White, who is on for his Premier League debut to replace Miley. It shows their lack of squad depth this season, especially when behind.,0

Schar slips in possession around the halfway line and Scott makes the most of the loose ball before being dragged to the floor by the defender, who goes into the book.,2

Semenyo scored Bournemouth's second goal and is now being given a rest. Ouattara is on to replace him and will provide speed and trickery down the wing for the final stage of the contest.,0

Burn has struggled at left-back and is replaced by Livramento, who will provide a lot more in the attack.,0

Bournemouth make their first substitution. Kluivert has looked lively but is now being replaced by Scott.,0

GOALLL! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! The Cherries take the lead for a second time. Solanke has been the one in front of goal for the away side, but he shows his creative skills to turn in possession around halfway and send a pass down the right to Semenyo. He then drives down the right side of the box and drills a low shot across the goal and into the bottom-left corner.,1

Zabarnyi pulls Gordon to the floor and is shown a yellow card. Newcastle have all the momentum at the moment.,2

GOALLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-1! What a penalty from Gordon. He takes responsibility from the penalty spot and drives his low effort into the bottom-right corner. Neto dives the right way but is beaten by the pace of the strike.,1

GOALLLL! SOLANKE SCORES! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Solanke won't score an easier goal in his entire career! Botman sends a pass back to Dubravka, who slips just in front of his goal. Solanke is there and he crashes in his shot from close range.,1

AUGSBURG SCORE AGAIN! Vargas drives past a flat-footed Muller on the left flank as if the Bayern man is not even there, then his deflected cut-back from the byline is slid into the net by a lunging Cardona! We've had eight goals at the Allianz Arena: 5-3 to Bayern!,1

Having thrown himself into a slightly high challenge on Pedersen on the touchline, Joao Cancelo is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Having just scored, Davies is now applauded from the field; Mazraoui comes on in the Canadian's place.,0

In response to conceding a fifth goal, Augsburg make their fifth and final substitution: Maier is replaced by Mbuku.,0

BAYERN BAG A FIFTH! It's 5-2 to the champions, and that's surely game over! Joao Cancelo flips over a delightful cross from the inside-right position, and his fellow wing-back Davies meets it with an outstretched boot at the back post. The ball zips into the net, sealing three more points for the Bundesliga leaders!,1

Mane's first start for several months has gone fairly well for the Bayern striker, but he now makes way for young Tel.,0

Nagelsmann makes his first two changes. Gnabry is withdrawn first of all, with Muller on as his replacement.,0

A BRACE FOR BERISHA! Despite slipping on the penalty spot, Berisha manages to steer the ball into the bottom-right corner, leaving Sommer well beaten! Are Augsburg back in this game? It's now just 4-2 to Bayern!,1

Clumsily bringing down Cardona in the box brings De Ligt a yellow card, in addition to conceding a penalty.,2

Augsburg have made four changes at half-time, in response to their collapse. First, Gumny makes way for Iago.,0

SANE STRIKES! Bayern have four before half-time! This time, Mane picks up the ball on the left of the area, and his heavily deflected low cross pops up into the air for Sane to nod home from only a few feet out! Augsburg are being pulled apart here, it's 4-1!,1

PAVARD POACHES ANOTHER! Bayern extend their advantage! Capitalising on a period of pressure, the hosts earn a corner, which is taken from the right by Kimmich. His cross is headed down by De Ligt, then breaks for Pavard 10 yards out. The Frenchman coolly hitch-kicks the ball past a helpless Gikiewicz and into the bottom-left corner: 3-1!,1

BAYERN GO IN FRONT! All of a sudden it's 2-1 to Der Rekordmeister! Augsburg fail to clear Kimmich's free-kick from the right flank, and when Mane spectacularly flicks the ball back into the six-yard box, Pavard is on hand to force it into the net from close range!,1

For a foul on Cancelo, Pedersen not only concedes a free-kick but also receives the game's first booking.,2

BAYERN PULL LEVEL! The champions didn't trail for long: an emphatic finish from Joao Cancelo, who turned his marker inside and out on the right side of the box before pulling the trigger, makes it 1-1! The wing-back received the ball from Sane initially, but it was a superb individual effort for his first Bundesliga goal!,1

AUGSBURG LEAD! They've done it again! Augsburg strike first against Bayern - and it's that man Berisha! Capping off some early pressure, the visitors benefit from a game of head-tennis on the edge of the Bayern box, as the ball drops to their striker, who turns his man neatly and slots the ball past Sommer into the bottom-right corner!,1

GOAL!! Lingard makes it 5-1!! Pogba slides it through for Lingard and he beats Morrison for pace, rounds Etheridge and rolls it into an empty net! That caps off an emphatic performance from United. ,1

Gunnarsson, on a booking, is replaced by Ralls as a matter of precaution for Warnock. The midfielder hasn't had a good day. ,0

Rashford makes way for summer signing Fred as Solskjaer looks to see out the remainder of the game. Martial will take Rashford's place up front as Fred creates a diamond in midfield. ,0

Cunningham scythes Rashford down as he sprints away on the counter and earns a deserved yellow card. ,2

Lingard skips away from Gunnarsson, who holds him back and receives a yellow card for an accumulation of fouls. ,2

GOAL!! Lingard makes no mistake and sends Etheridge the wrong way, opening his body up and placing the ball to the goalkeeper's left. It's 4-1 and United are in cruise control now.,1

GOAL!!! MARTIAL MAKES IT 3-1 TO UNITED! What a lovely goal this is. Martial plays some intricate one-touch stuff with Lingard and is released into the box before coolly slotting into the far corner! United's two-goal cushion is restored! ,1

GOAL!! CARDIFF MAKE IT 2-1! Camarasa converts emphatically, powering the ball into the top-left corner despite De Gea going the right way. The hosts have a lifeline! ,1

Herrera's attempted volley deflects to the edge of the box where Shaw tries to nick it away from Murphy, but catches him on the ankle and receives a yellow card for his troubles. ,2

GOAL!! IT'S 2-0 TO UNITED! De Gea punts a long ball that is nodded on to Pogba, who switches the play to Herrera on the right. The Spaniard is some considerable distance out, but he hits a ferocious strike that takes a wicked deflection and swerves into the top corner! ,1

GOAL!!! MANCHESTER UNITED SCORE! What a start to Solskjaer's reign! Pogba dummies a free-kick on the edge of the box, fooling Etheridge into committing to his right while Rashford hit a bullet of a strike into the opposite corner! United lead 1-0!,1

Vavro clatters into Kane, leaving the Bayern striker in a heap on halfway as he's shown a late yellow card.,2

Eric Choupo-Moting is thrown on late for Bayern, taking Coman's place as the visitors look to keep hold of their lead by keeping possession high up the field.,0

More subs coming for Copenhagen, who throw on striker Jordan Larsson for Elyounoussi in a bid to find a late equaliser of their own.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! How's that for impact?? Ulreich's long punt forward is headed on by Kane, putting Muller into the clear. The Copenhagen defence soon swarms around him to cut off a shooting opportunity, but the substitute unselfishly tees up an unmarked Tel to slot the ball into the back of the net! A VAR check follows, but there's no issues here, and from 1-0 down, Bayern now lead 2-1!,1

Diks also comes off for Copenhagen, with Valdemar Lund on to see out the remainder of this game for the hosts.,0

Equalising goalscorer Musiala has been a sensational link-up player through the middle for Bayern, and on comes Leon Goretzka to further shore up that midfield area.,0

Sane also comes off having been unable to make a telling impact despite plenty of chances, with Mathys Tel hoping to make up for lost time as Bayern search for a winner.,0

Bayern make their first changes of the match with three players coming on at once, the first being Thomas Muller in place of Laimer.,0

Copenhagen play advantage following a foul on Claesson, but that advantage ends abruptly after the retreating Meling is clipped and taken to ground by Musiala off the ball, who picks up a yellow card just minutes after equalising.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! What a way to equalise!!! Mazraoui passes to Musiala in space on the edge of the box, where the Bayern playmaker feigns shooting, stops, turns, and beats another two defenders before rifling the ball into the bottom corner!! A sensational strike from the 20-year-old, as Bayern finally find their shooting boots to lock this game up at 1-1!,1

Achouri comes off in the first change of this match, and Roony Bardghji will replace the Tunisian out wide for Copenhagen.,0

Lerager's not happy after a dubious free-kick goes Bayern's way, and the Copenhagen goalscorer is swiftly met with a yellow card from the referee.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! The hosts strike first in Copenhagen!!! Goncalves' sensational turn gets rid of Laimer on halfway, and he plays the ball into Claesson's feet. Cutting onto his right, the Lions' captain sees his shot blocked, but Lerager is following in and he drills a half-volley into the far corner!! Bayern scattered, Copenhagen 1-0 ahead, and a colossal Champions League upset is unfolding here!,1

Meling dives in to intercept a bobbling pass, but instead catches Coman high and late. It's a textbook yellow card for the left-back, who picks up the first booking of the game.,2

Lampard isn't going to take any risks with Godfrey as he goes off with the medical team. Doucoure replaces him.,0

City are making their first changes as they continue to go for a late goal. Grealish is the first to go off, with Foden replacing him.,0

Everton are making a double change here. Calvert-Lewin is the first to go off, with Maupay on in his place.,0

GRAY EQUALISES! And what a way to do it! Rodri gives the ball away and Gueye touches it into Gray's path to set him on the counter. He drives down the left before holding it up, but when he sees no options, he goes it alone. He drags it away from Akanji before curling an excellent strike over Ederson and into the far top corner. 1-1!,1

It was a poor challenge by Onana as he took out Rodri's legs. It's a costly yellow card for him too as he'll miss their next game against Brighton and Hove Albion.,2

Tarkowski was one of several Everton players that weren't happy that a flag didn't go up against Stones, and he's booked for dissent after shouting at the linesman.,2

Tempers are rising after that free-kick. Haaland chases down Mykolenko and slides in with a poor challenge, earning himself a yellow card.,2

Patterson gives Grealish a shove in the back to cut out another run by the City man and has his name taken by the referee.,2

It's a clumsy challenge by De Bruyne as he crashes into Onana to stop his run. He's booked for the challenge.,2

HAALAND SCORES! Grealish got away from his man down the left again and did well to squeeze a pass into Mahrez under pressure. His clever footwork allows him space to square it to Haaland, who pokes it past Pickford, and Coady on the line, into the back of the net. 1-0 City!,1

Patterson went to put in a challenge, but Silva had already gone past him. The midfielder went to ground with no contact, and he's booked for diving.,2

Verratti is brought on for Herrera in PSG's second change. The incoming player will surely help the visitors take back control of midfield.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! PAU 0-2 PSG!!! SARABIA DOUBLES THE VISITORS' LEAD!! Icardi is played in behind down by Paredes the right and plays the ball across goal. Choupo-Moting misses it but Sarabia, who has not been afraid to pop up in advanced positions, is in the right place to finish off the attack and surely kill off the tie.,1

Paredes slides in for the ball but fails to get any of it, instead catching Pau midfielder Name to earn the first booking of the match.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! PAU 0-1 PSG!!! PAREDES FIRES THE VISITORS AHEAD!! PSG make the breakthrough with a well-worked goal. Icardi chests a left-sided cross into the path of Paredes, who sets himself and then fires past Guendouz.,1

After a spell in which Olympiacos win foul after foul, Wolves finally clear and Cisse fells Jimenez off the ball, earning a booking and granting the hosts some respite.,2

Podence's outing comes to an end as Wolves make a defensive change. Dendoncker is on, meaning a change in shape.,0

Camara thought he had the precious equaliser in the first half but now makes way. Hassan is introduced.,0

Olympiacos have made a couple of changes at the break as they push for a route back into the match. Randjelovic replaces Masouras.,0

Another yellow card! Ba wipes out Moutinho in the air, attracting the attention of the referee as his opponent receives treatment.,2

This might worry Olympiacos. Tsimikas, who has 45 minutes still to play against Traore, is booked for a poor challenge on Neves.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! JIMENEZ! The Wolves striker dispatches the penalty, cool as you like, sending Allain the wrong way. It's 1-0 - 2-1 on aggregate - and Wolves deserve that lead.,1

Onyeka notched an assist in the first half and is replaced after a good outing. Baptiste enters the action for the hosts.,0

Rasmussen replaces Wissa, which shows that Frank is adopting a more defensive approach for the final 19 minutes.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TONEY CONVERTS!!!! 2-0 BRENTFORD! The forward steps up and slots his effort into the back of the net with ease. Toney sends his right-footed strike into the bottom-right corner as Sanchez dives the wrong way.,1

WHAT A FINISH BY TONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1-0 BRENTFORD!!!!!! The home side take the lead through a special finish from Toney, scoring a backheel from close range. Mbeumo starts the move with a surging run down the right flank and he feeds Onyeka in the inside-right channel. The midfielder sends a fine cutback towards the near post where Toney times his run ahead of Webster to provide the sublime finish.,1

Late substitution here by the hosts and Kulusevski takes his time to walk off the pitch. He has been replaced by Chiesa.,0

Inter with a double substitution now, with Bastoni one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Kolarov.,0

Perisic is booked for dissent after arguing about a decision that went against him. A silly yellow card to pick up, especially after only being on the pitch for a few minutes.,2

Here is the first Juventus change of the game, with Bernardeschi heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by McKennie.,0

Inter make their first substitution of the game, with Darmian the man coming off and he has been replaced by Perisic.,0

Alex Sandro is the first Juve player to be booked after his poor challenge on Hakimi, which has handed Inter a free-kick in a very good position.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Darmian after his challenge on Ronaldo, which was slightly late and he had his studs slightly raised. Ronaldo goes down in pain, but will be fine to continue.,2

Moncayola is shown a yellow card - Osasuna's third of the game - for impeding Arthur. Barcelona win a free-kick.,2

De Jong is taken off, with Vidal coming on to inject some battering ram energy into the Barcelona midfield.,0

GOAAAL! IT'S 2-2!!! Torres grabs a brace! He sends Ter Stegen the wrong way and slots his penalty into the bottom-right corner! Game on for the final few minutes!,1

GOAAAL! BARCELONA LEAD 2-1! It's supersub Arthur with a wonderful finish! He receives the ball with Osasuna defenders all around him, drops his shoulder, shifts the ball onto his right to create space and curls his effort into the far corner, well out of Ruben's reach.,1

Rafina is next to come off, with Arthur coming on. He'll add some extra creativity to a midfield that's looked somewhat lacklustre.,0

GOAAAAAAL! FATI EQUALISES FOR BARCELONA! The 16-year-old scores his first goal for Barcelona! It's a nice goal as well, leaping in front of Vidal to guide Perez's cross into the bottom-left corner. What a moment that is for the teenager - and what a big goal it could prove to be.,1

Fati enters the action! He comes on for Semedo. This could see Roberto drop to right-back and Rafinha move into midfield to make space for Fati in the front three.,0

The referee shows the fourth yellow card of the game - it's for Osasuna's Brandon after he treads on Lenglet's foot.,2

De Jong is the second Barcelona player to be shown a yellow card this half - they've now had the same number of bookings as shots on target! It's a bad foul he's committed, lunging at the goalscorer, Torres.,2

Some respite for Barcelona as Avila wins a free-kick inside the centre circle - from a Busquets foul - but Merida decides to argue with the referee and is shown a yellow card for his effort.,2

GOOAAAAAAL! OSASUNA LEAD 1-0!!! Torres is unmarked at the back post and hits a left-footed volley back across goal and well past Ter Stegen! He hits it with such power, the keeper wasn't going to stop that!,1

Benzema scored with his final touch of the game as he's taken off by Zidane and Mariano comes on to replace him.,0

BENZEMA ADDS A FOURTH! Silva rushes out of his box to smother Casemiro's long ball upfield and he ends up chesting it down straight to Benzema. The Frenchman keeps his cool, lifting his shot over the goalkeeper and into the back of the empty net. 4-1 Madrid! ,1

ODRIOZOLA SCORES! It looks like the chance is gone after Hazard's cross misses everyone at the near post, but Odriozola makes a late run into the box. He catches Sanchez out as he hits the shot first time and fires it over Silva into the net. 3-1 Madrid! ,1

MOLINA PULLS ONE BACK! Suarez wrongfoots Militao to get into space before firing on goal and Courtois makes a good save to deny him. He pushes it straight to Molina, who timed his run to stay onside and he volleys the ball past the keeper and into the back of the net. 2-1! ,1

There's a double change for Granada now and Machis is the first to make way, with Suarez on in his place.,0

RODRYGO SCORES! Park's tackle wins the ball back for Madrid and it ends up bouncing to Rodrygo, who makes a brilliant driving run down the right. He cuts into the box and goes for goal when the space opens up, slotting it past Silva and into the far side netting. 2-0 Madrid! ,1

Molina doesn't have control of the ball and he ends up catching Casemiro in his attempts to keep hold of it so he's shown a yellow card.,2

Militao crashes into the side of Veco as he tries to win the ball back which earns him the first booking of the game.,2

MODRIC SCORES! He has so much space as he slowly drifts into the box and his run isn't spotted by Granada until it's too late. Gutierrez lifts the ball over the top and he lets it bounce before drilling his shot through Silva's legs and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Madrid! ,1

Immobile has had a quiet and uninvolved game - one that ends just short of the full-time whistle as Muriqi is brought on.,0

Acerbi is deemed to have tugged Rabiot back in midfield, giving Juventus a free-kick. The referee doesn’t stop there, however, opting to show the experienced centre-back a yellow card as well.,2

Juve's second change is a bit unorthodox, as Arthur is sent on for Cuadrado - signalling a change in formation. ,0

Pirlo decides against giving Ronaldo a full day's rest, as he’s sent on with 20 minutes left in the match. Morata is the man to make way.,0

3-1! NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! Morata steps up and sends Reina the wrong way, dispatching his penalty with confidence as the Bianconeri double their advantage! ,1

MORATA GIVES JUVENTUS THE LEAD! It’s a very similar situation to Lazio’s goal in the first half, as Escalante fails to get on the end of a sloppy pass in midfield, allowing Chiesa to latch onto the loose ball. With only one defender to beat, the winger slips a pass through for Morata, who takes a touch to set himself before beating Reina at the near post! 2-1!,1

Lazio make a pair of changes just before the hour, with the first alteration coming in midfield. Lucas is withdrawn for Escalante. ,0

IT'S 1-1 NOW! JUVENTUS GET THEMSELVES LEVEL! Morata slips a pass into the penalty area for Rabiot, who continues his run and gets onto the ball before lashing an absolute hammerblow with his left which beats Reina at his near post!,1

LAZIO HAVE THEIR OPENER! 1-0 TO THE VISITORS! It’s exceptionally poor from Kulusevski, whose misplaced pass in midfield gifts Correa possession with time and space to work. From there, the forward drives into the penalty area, turns Demiral inside-out and finishes coolly into the bottom corner!,1

Bamford is being taken off, but he gets involved in an argument on his way off the pitch. He's booked for dissent.,2

FIRPO IS OFF! Schar plays another brilliant long ball over the top and Gordon is running onto it. Firpo gets tight to him, clumsily clipping his heels to take off his boot and give away a free-kick to the right of the D. Gordon was the last man, and it looks to be a straight red, despite the Spaniard having already been booked. Leeds have to play six added minutes with 10 men!,3

Both teams are making a change here, starting with Newcastle. Willock is going off, with Anderson replacing him.,0

KRISTENSEN EQUALISES! They win their first corner of the second half and it's very scruffy as two shots are blocked and Newcastle can't clear their lines. It bounces out to Kristensen on the edge of the box, who takes his time before volleying a shot just inside the near post, with a big deflection off Trippier completely catching out Pope. 2-2!,1

The board has gone up to show that Wilson is going off, but he's taking his time to leave the field. He's booked for time-wasting.,2

WILSON SCORES AGAIN! He had to wait a long time to take it as Leeds did their best to put him off, but it didn't matter! Last time, he went low into the bottom corner, but this one is fired straight down the middle and into the roof of the net. The keeper went the saw way as last time, but gets nowhere near this one. 2-1 Newcastle!,1

Robles was doing his best to put off the taking of the penalty and after the referee has to usher him back to his line, he's booked for it.,2

Gnonto is still protesting that Firpo was fouled before he handled the ball, and he crosses a line which sees him go into the referee's book.,2

Firpo pulled Almiron back before lunging into a challenge on Guimaraes. It could've been worse as he catches the Brazilian on his foot and not much higher. He's booked and VAR chooses not to upgrade it.,2

McKennie gets across to Guimaraes on the halfway line, but doesn't make any contact and the Brazilian goes to ground. He's shown the first yellow card of the game for diving.,2

Leeds are making a change at the start of the second half. Greenwood goes off, with Forshaw on in his place.,0

WILSON EQUALISES! He runs up to the spot with confidence and rifles his penalty straight into the bottom left corner. Robles does go the right way, but he can't stretch to reach it and Newcastle are level just three minutes after they could've been two goals down. 1-1!,1

AYLING SCORES! Bamford and Harrison link up well down the left, with the striker surging away from Trippier to clip a good cross into the middle. Rodrigo rises highest to glance a header on and Pope gets down to push it away but only gets it as far as Ayling. He makes no mistake as he fires it into the top corner. 1-0 Leeds!,1

GOAL! ATLETICO HAVE THE LEAD AND IT’S GRIEZMANN! Lemar picks the ball up on the left and jinks inside before scooping the ball over the defence and into the path of Griezmann. The Frenchman has little net to aim at but smashes it high into the goal. 3-2 Atletico Madrid!,1

EQUALISER! And Correa has his much deserved goal after a good performance this evening. Griezmann picks the ball up outside the area and plays a through ball towards Kalinic. The striker leaves it for Correa though and the Argentine dances through and slots the ball home. 2-2!,1

GOAL GIRONA! Aleix Garcia delivers a pinpoint free kick right onto the head of Cristhian Stuani. The former Middlesbrough man rose highest of all and powered his header into the bottom right corner. 2-1 Girona.,1

GOAL! Girona have compounded Atletico’s misery. And what a way to do it. A clipped cross by Porro is headed to the far left edge of the area where Fernandez cushions the ball with his chest before firing a right-footed rocket of a volley past Adan and into the far corner. 1-1!,1

GOAL!!! Breakthrough for Atletico and it is Kalinic with the finish. Twice already the striker has made the run in behind and this time he is found by a wonderful Godin pass. Kalinic latches onto the ball and thunders his shot low and hard into the back of the net. It's 1-0 to Atletico.,1

GOOOAAALLLL!! 1-1! Leverkusen equalise! Stanisic drives forward with the ball through midfield, and he picks out Frimpong inside the box. The wing-back stands up Ogbonna and looks to take him on, before shifting it onto his left foot. He strikes towards goal with power, and his effort deflects off Cresswell and into the back of the net, leaving Fabianski with no chance!,1

Alonso makes a defensive change, with Wirtz heading to the bench. Andrich comes on to shore up the midfield.,0

Soucek wasn't happy with the foul from Palacios, and the referee awards him a yellow for his reaction.,2

The Hammers make a change as they hunt for another goal, with Johnson entering the fray. Coufal heads to the bench.,0

Alonso has made a change at the break, and it's a straight swap in attack. Boniface comes on to replace Schick.,0

After picking up an injury earlier in the first half, Aguerd can no longer continue. Ogbonna comes on in his place.,0

Alonso has made a first-half change. He doesn't appear to be happy with the performance. Kossounou has been replaced by Tapsoba.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 WEST HAM! Soucek heads the ball into the path of Bowen after a poor clearance, and the West Ham winger finds Coufal out wide, who returns the favour. Bowen floats a delivery to the back post and Kovar comes off his line to punch clear, but Antonio gets there first and heads it into the back of the net!,1

GOAL GOAL GOAL!!!! MILAN 2-2 VERONA - Ibrahimovic finds the net and Milan finally have their goal. The Swede stung the palms of Silvestri but stayed alert and just when Verona thought the danger was over, Brahim Diaz picks out the forward who heads into the far corner.,1

One final throw of the dice by Pioli? Calhanoglu comes off and Hauge enters the game with just minutes remaining.,0

Magnani, who scored an own goal earlier tonight, is on his way to the touchline to be replaced by Cetin.,0

Lovato is the second Verona player to be shown a card after bringing down Rafael Leao as he made his way towards goal.,2

Saelemaekers goes down and lets his frustrations be known to the official. Ceccherini was the man that clipped him, and the Verona defender is now carded as a result. Milan have a free-kick in a dangerous area...,2

GOAAALLLL - MILAN 0-1 VERONA - Barak wheels away at the far post and Verona have score from the resulting corner. Ceccherini's header clipped the underside of the crossbar and hit Donnarumma on the back. The deflection fell straight into the path of Barak who tapped into an empty net to hand Verona the lead.,1

Tomori is replaced by Gabbia after a superb display in defence. Milan will be hoping that isn't a serious injury.,0

Zima is replaced by Izzo - a sensible change in defence after Leao was enjoying his matchup against Zima.,0

Bard will take a late yellow here, shutting down one PSG chance - but presenting them with the silver platter of a free-kick just outside the box.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! SOLOMON SURELY SECURES THE GAME FOR FULHAM!!!!!! 2-0!!!! Solomon holds his composure to notch Fulham's second following a quick breakaway. Wilson is taken out by Lodi on the right flank as he lays the ball off to Tete, but the referee plays on. Tete sends a cutback to Pereira, who produces a special offload to find Solomon in space. He takes a touch before burying his effort past Navas.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WILLIAN FIRES FULHAM AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Brazilian produces a sublime left-footed finish into the top-left corner. Forest fail to clear their lines from Pereira's cross from the left flank, which is put back into a dangerous area by De Cordova-Reid. Willian collects and fakes the shot with his right foot before arrowing a left-footed peach into the back of the net even with defenders on the line.,1

Aurier catches Pereira with a tough challenge on the leg and goes into the book. The Forest defender is perhaps fortunate that he receives only a yellow card.,2

GOOOOALLLL! MEUNIER FINISHES IT OFF! Wonderful, sensational football from PSG’s two full-backs! Meunier starts it off, racing forward and combining with Di Maria before laying it off to Bernat, who had charged up in support. The Spaniard dummies to shoot but instead returns the favour and, in composed fashion, Meunier slots home to make it 3-0!,1

Indeed, here is the final PSG substitute. Centre-back Diallo, signed from Borussia Dortmund, is on, replacing Sarabia.,0

Vinicius wastes no time in getting involved, tussling with Di Maria – who had run back around 40 yards to berate Madrid’s young winger over a rash challenge. Referee Taylor will give out two bookings, the first of which will go the way of the substitute.,2

A third and final change for Madrid. Bale – who looked rampant in the first half – has made way for Vinicius.,0

Marquinhos does not seem to have recovered from the earlier knock, with the Brazilian – who has done an excellent job alongside Gueye and Verratti in midfield – replaced by Herrera.,0

The second substitution for Madrid sees Jovic come on, replacing James, which would suggest a change to 4-4-2.,0

Zidane has finally blinked. The Madrid coach has made two changes, the first of which sees Hazard – who has been marshalled well on debut by PSG – make way for Vazquez.,0

WHAT A GOAL, DI MARIA MAKES IT 2-0! It’s another for the former Madrid man! Gueye drove infield from the right, keeping his cool to find Di Maria. The winger had plenty to do, but made no mistake with a powerful, dipping strike which nestled into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOAL! DI MARIA MAKES IT 1-0 TO PSG! Well, after a bright start PSG had been on the back foot, but now they have the lead. Former Madrid man Di Maria has got the goal, prodding home a neat first-time finish from Bernat’s cut-back.,1

Two-goal Jimenez comes off for Rodrigo Muniz. He rightfully gets a warm reception from the away fans.,0

We have another yellow card now! That's nine today! Cairney is the man to get it as he brings Chong down from behind right on the edge of the area. Doughty and Woodrow stand over it.,2

James Shea comes on for Luton. He replaces Kaminski - who before this change, had played every minute of Premier League action this term.,0

Johnson now enters the book. That's an inexperienced tackle from the youngster, the ball had gone and he kicks Wilson in the midriff near enough.,2

Tom Cairney comes on for Reed. He's another Fulham player who's shone today. That assist forJimenez' second was simply superb.,0

Morris also sees yellow after standing up for himself and instigating the tussle after the ball had gone.,2

Clark makes way for Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu as Edwards doesn't risk the yellow-carded midfielder any longer.,0

GOOAALLLL THAT'S THE FOURTH FOR FULHAM! 4-2! Wilson sticks it in the top-left corner after a fine rushing counter from the Whites. Iwobi drives forward after Palhinha wins the ball back. Traore stands up on the edge and tees up Wilson. He simply caressed it home with ease!,1

Doughty goes into the book for his overcommitment in the tackle. Just how many cards are we going to see today?,2

GOOAAAALLL LUTON ARE BACK IN IT! 2-3! Doughty puts in a flat delivery from the right and it's gone through everyone and nestles in the bottom left! Think that was a bit of a mix-up between Robinson and Leno.,1

Ogbene gets the better of Robinson and the American international pulls him back and earns himself a booking. This is a free-kick in a dangerous position on the right side. Doughty will deliver.,2

GOOOAAAALLLL JIMENEZ MAKES IT 3-1 FULHAM! That's a sublime goal from the visitors. After Clark's cynical challenge, Reed curls a peach of a ball in and Jimenez leaps at the front post to nod across and find the net via the inside of the left post! That's his seventh goal this term and the first double in a game since the 6th of December 2023 against Nottingham Forest.,1

GOOOAAALLL JIMENEZ! IT'S 2-1 FULHAM! What is going on? Luton fight back, but now they're undone straight away! Wilson darts down the right before he cuts back smartly. He then rolls the ball into the Mexican to slide it into the bottom left corner! That's the forward's first goal of 2024 and sixth of the season!,1

GOOOAAALLL! IT'S 1-1! Morris steps up and slides it into the bottom right! Leno went the wrong way, and that's a great response from Edwards' side! That was Morris' 11th goal this term.,1

GOOALLL ADAMA TRAORE! 1-0 FULHAM! What a hit! Kaminski's kick is brought down by Tete. Wilson then plays Traore in at the edge of the box. The Spaniard's touch bounces up and sets up a scorching right-footed volley into the right side!,1

Lokonga and Iwobi are pulling at each other in the centre of the park and the Belgian goes into the book. He had Iwobi in a headlock there!,2

Reed goes into the book as Chong causes problems for the Fulham midfielder in the centre circle. He scythed down that big-haired dynamo and was nowhere near the ball.,2

Unfortunately, Mengi's afternoon is over. Joe Johnson comes on for the injured defender. Looks like that left hamstring has gone.,0

Guehi is moving gingerly after awkwardly rising and landing to connect with an aerial ball, with the Palace captain replaced at centre-back by Tomkins in a precautionary late change.,0

Traore has put himself about despite limited service on his Blades debut, as he comes off late for Hackford.,0

Heckingbottom makes two more changes as we enter the final throws of this game, with Sheffield-born youngster Brooks replacing Osborn in midfield.,0

Eze cuts inside Slimane looking to spark another Palace attack, but the Tunisian barges him over from behind and is booked just minutes into his Blades debut.,2

Larouci completes a hat-trick of Sheffield United debuts from the bench, as he replaces the injured Lowe out wide for the last 10 minutes.,0

A triple change is made by Heckingbottom, with Robinson the first player off and debutant Slimane taking his place for the Blades.,0

A smart touch forward by Doucoure gives Schlupp the chance to run into open space, but he's caught very late by a sliding Ahmedhodzic, with the Blades defender going straight into the book for that challenge.,2

GOOOOOAAALLLL!!!! The Eagles soar into an early second half lead! Lerma drives forward and finds Ayew in space to his right. He bursts past Osborn before whipping a brilliant ball into the centre of the box, and Edouard pops up to tap in the opening goal! A clinical finish from the Palace striker, and it puts his side 1-0 up at Bramall Lane!,1

Osula is flagged for offside and boots the ball away, being met with a yellow card for dissent by the referee, the first of this game.,2

Diame lunges into Kane and catches the striker on the top of the foot, leaving the referee with no choice but to show him a late booking.,2

Dier looks to have picked up cramp, and he slowly makes his way off the pitch to be replaced by young Amos.,0

Kane loses out to Kenedy and then shows his frustration by pushing the Brazilian to the ground, resulting in a yellow card for the Spurs striker.,2

Joselu clumsily slides into the back of Dier and brings the England international crashing to the ground, leaving the referee with no choice but to show him the second yellow card of the game.,2

Newcastle quickly counter-attack after winning back possession, but Dier cynically brings it to an end with a poor challenge on Kenedy and earns himself a yellow card.,2

GOAL! Tottenham are back in front! Another spectacular cross is launched into the box, this time by Aurier, and easily finds Alli, who beats Yedlin in the air before sending a downward header straight into the bottom corner of the net.,1

GOAL! What a response! A beautiful cross from Ritchie is perfectly placed, setting up Joselu, who is all alone, to easily nod a header past Lloris and into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1

GOAL! Tottenham have taken the lead! A curling free-kick flies into the penalty area and finds Sanchez, who rises high and nods the ball over to the far post. Vertonghen is there to meet it, and despite Dubravka seemingly managing to keep the ball out with a diving save, the referee awards the goal after looking at his watch.,1

West Ham had been preparing this change before the Liverpool goal, with Bowen the man coming off and he has been replaced by Coufal.,0

GOAL! LIVERPOOL PULL ONE BACK! It's 3-2! Henderson fires a ball into the path of Alexander-Arnold, but he can’t control it and it bounces to Origi, who takes a touch and then fires his effort into the bottom-right corner of the net. Lovely finish! Can Liverpool complete the comeback?,1

Final Liverpool change in an attempt to get something out of the game, with Fabinho replaced by Minamino.,0

GOAL! ZOUMA MAKES IT 3-1! It’s another superb corner delivery by West Ham and this time Zouma is on the end of it to fire it into the back of the net. Bowen whips a deep ball into the box and Zouma sneaks in at the far post completely unmarked and he powers a header past Alisson from a tight angle.,1

Liverpool make their first substitution following the goal, with Oxlade-Chamberlain coming off and he has been replaced by Thiago.,0

GOAL! WEST HAM REGAIN THE LEAD! Liverpool lose the ball in the West Ham half and the hosts race forward on the counter-attack, with Bowen charging forward. He then lays it off to Fornals, who sprints to the edge of the box and fires a low strike towards the bottom-right corner of the net. Alisson gets a touch on it, but can’t stop it from flying in and West Ham lead 2-1!,1

Alexander-Arnold is booked after he tugs the arm Benrahma as the winger looked to break forward on the counter-attack.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Soucek, after he deliberately stops Jota in his tracks as Liverpool looked to break on the counter.,2

GOAL! LIVERPOOL EQUALISE! What a free-kick by Alexander-Arnold! The right-back rolls the ball to Salah, who stops it and Alexander-Arnold then curls the ball over the top of the West Ham wall and into the top right corner of the net. Fabianski had no chance of stopping that, he could only watch it fly in. It’s 1-1!,1

Zaza isn't moving freely and is now replaced with Belotti up front. Can he snatch a winner for Torino?,0

Tonali earns himself a yellow card for a poor challenge on Buongiorno as Milan's frustration starts to boil over.,2

That change is now made after Vojvoda receives some treatment on the field, with Lyanco replacing him.,0

Bremer goes off at the same time, with Lukic coming on in his stead as Giampaolo looks to inject fresh legs into his side.,0

RED CARD! Gianluigi Donnarumma - on the bench - is sent off for something he said to the officials on the sidelines following their failure to award Milan a penalty!,3

Pioli makes a second double-substitution, and replaces centre-back Musacchio with a central midfielder in Kessie in the first change.,0

Calabria is also replaced, with left-back Hernandez coming on for him and prompting a Milan reshuffle.,0

Zaza is unfortunate to receive a yellow card as he slips while trying to play a pass and clatters into Romagnoli.,2

Pioli responds to Milan's underwhelming first half by making a double-change at the break. Castillejo goes off for Hauge out wide in the first alteration.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MBAPPE GETS ON THE SCORESHEET!!!!! 6-1!!!!! The Frenchman gets a deserved goal this evening, notching PSG's sixth. Sarabia breaks down the left flank and cuts the ball back into the middle. Mbappe does not have to move as he steers a low effort on his right foot past a hapless Bernardoni. All too easy for the home side.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GUEYE'S STRIKE BEATS BERNARDONI!!!! 5-1!!!! PSG have their fifth goal to cap off a good performance. Gueye collects in space on the edge of the box and cuts back to shoot on his right foot. His effort deflects off Coulibaly and travels towards the target. It bounces and takes a vicious turn away from Bernardoni to find the bottom-right corner. ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! DRAXLER SCORES!!! 4-1!!! The home side dispel a notion of a comeback as the German converts with the aid of a deflection. Bakker surges down the left flank and sends a low ball into the middle. Draxler shoots first time and it deflects off Traore to wrong foot Bernardoni to find the back of the net. PSG restore their three-goal lead.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TRAORE GETS ONE BACK!!!! 3-1!!! The visitors are not done this evening as Traore heads home at the back post. Capelle sends a pinpoint cross into the box on his left foot from the right flank. Traore is unmarked and places his header past Navas inside the left post. A quality header from the Angers defender.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NEYMAR DOES IT AGAIN!!!! 3-0!!! PSG take a huge stride towards victory this evening by scoring their third goal. The home side work the ball through the midfield before Draxler sends an offload wide. Florenzi hammers a low delivery into the box and it deflects off Traore into the path of Neymar. The Brazilian makes no mistake, firing his effort past Bernardoni into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NEYMAR FIRES HOME FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 2-0 PSG!!! Neymar gets off the mark for the season with a close-range finish. Mbappe is the architect as he surges his way through Bamba and Thioub on the left flank before laying the ball back to the Brazilian. Neymar hammers his strike on his left foot past Bernardoni with ease. ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FLORENZI OPENS HIS PSG ACCOUNT!!! 1-0!!! The Italian puts the home side ahead with a fine strike. Florenzi latches on to a clearance from Ebosse and takes one touch in the right inside channel before launching a volley towards goal. It's pinpoint accurate finding the top-left corner with Bernardoni rooted to the spot. A super effort.,1

Juve also turn to the bench as Chiesa is given a well-earned breather with Milik coming on in his place.,0

RABIOT!!! 3-0! What a lovely goal by Juventus! Following a neat exchange of passes, Chiesa backheels for Cambiaso to cross towards the far post, where Rabiot arrives to head home.,1

Danilo handles the ball while sliding in to challenge Kamara. The Juve skipper goes into the book, though it looked a little harsh in all fairness.,2

VLAHOVIC!!! 2-0 JUVENTUS! No mistake by Juve's number nine! Vlahovic steps up and calmly sends Silvestri the wrong way from 12 yards. This has been some start by the visitors!,1

CHIESA!!! 1-0 JUVENTUS! What a start for the visitors! Juve pounce on a loose pass with Vlahovic quickly finding Chiesa, who brilliantly drills the ball into the bottom corner of the net.,1

Vieira leaves the pitch to a ditty from the away fans. They've liked what they've seen. Arsenal bring on the 15-year-old midfielder Nwaneri.,0

Jesus charges into Hickey and receives a late booking. Brentford haven't been able to cope with the Brazilian's energy.,2

Arsenal have begun thinking of their next game. Lokonga replaces Partey for the remainder of the match.,0

GOAL! BRENTFORD 0-3 ARSENAL! Vieira scores on his first league start for the Gunners! It's a peach of a goal too, as the Portuguese midfielder controls Saka's pass inside, looks up, and bends a left-footed curler into the bottom right corner via the post.,1

GOAL! BRENTFORD 0-2 ARSENAL! Jesus peels away from his marker to nod Xhaka's gentle left-footed drink into the top left corner. The Brazilian put all his force into that header!,1

GOAL! BRENTFORD 0-1 ARSENAL! Arsenal force a corner down their right. Saka whips in the delivery and Saliba flicks it into the far bottom corner with his head. Raya claws the ball away but it's already crossed the line!,1

Gundogan goes into the book for simulation for falling in the box under after running into Mustafi. A harsh one on the German.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! AGUERO HAS HIS HAT-TRICK!!!! 3-1 CITY!!! The Argentine notches his third goal and it comes in fortuitous circumstances as the ball appears to bounce off his arm before rolling over the line, but the referee awards the goal. Sterling is the architect again with a run down the left flank before he hammers a cross into the box. Leno gets a hand to the ball, but he can only help it into the path of Aguero on the slide. The ball hits his chest and then his arm before it crosses the line. Arsenal are not happy with the decision, but it still counts.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CITY REGAIN THE LEAD OUT OF NOWHERE!! 2-1 AGUERO!! The home side are back in front with a flowing move. Sterling starts it on the left flank with a pass back to Gundogan, with the two players combining with a one-two that sees the German release his team-mate into the left inside channel. Sterling fires a low ball across the face of goal that Aguero, unmarked at the back post, converts with ease.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! KOSCIELNY EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! The Gunners are back in the game from the resulting corner. City fall asleep as Torreira's corner is flicked on by Monreal with a run to the near post. Koscielny is in the right place at the right time in the six-yard area. The Frenchman cannot miss from close range and does not disappoint, finding the net to level the scores.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AGUERO DOES IT AGAIN!!! 1-0 CITY!! City have a made a dream start for the second time this week. Aguero scored within 24 seconds agains Newcastle, but on this occasion it's after 48 seconds. Arsenal attempt to clear their lines from a City attack, but lose possession in their own box. Laporte punishes them with an accurate cross into the middle. Aguero is unmarked and heads home from close range.,1

Cunha is into the book for an innocuous foul, as Atletico stare at another early Copa del Rey elimination.,2

The hosts have also made a change, with Zubimendi replacing Guevara as Sociedad look to hold on for the win.,0

Silva is the fourth man into the book, bringing down Carrasco on the touchline after Sociedad dealt with the corner comfortably.,2

GOOOOAAALL! THE HOSTS DOUBLE THEIR LEAD IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE BREAK! Sorloth works with Oyarzabal to rob Felipe, before the big man keeps his cool when one-on-one, side-footing past Oblak to make it 2-0! Sociedad have started quickly again, and been rewarded for their attacking endeavour.,1

Felipe is the next man into the book for an awfully timed challenge on Oyarzabal, kicking through the Sociedad forward as he held the ball up.,2

GOAL! SOCIEDAD LEAD! Januzaj heads home the opener, heading a right-wing cross onto the inside of the post and over the line! Sociedad are finally rewarded for their strong start to this cup tie, with Silva working the ball wide to Zaldua, whose superb delivery is headed home by the former Manchester United winger. Great goal!,1

Hermoso goes into the book for a dreadfully mistimed challenge on Munoz, who was racing down the Sociedad left.,2

Munoz is booked by the referee for that challenge on Vrsaljko, which seemed to be an honest attempt to reach a lofted ball.,2

After that injury, Suarez is substituted, but is still receiving treatment on the side of the pitch, and is replaced by Coutinho.,0

MESSI GETS HIS HAT-TRICK! It's a brilliant finish from the Barcelona captain as he runs onto the ball at the edge of the box and chips the shot over the defenders and the keeper. It bounces off the bottom of the crossbar before hitting the back of the net. 4-1 Barcelona!,1

LOREN PULLS ONE BACK FOR BETIS! The chance looked like it had gone to waste at first, but Loren makes the run to the edge of the box to hit his shot first time and the ball nestles into the bottom corner. 3-1!,1

SUAREZ MAKES IT THREE! He drifted past three Betis defenders to get one-on-one with the keeper once again, but this time he doesn't miss as he hits his shot low and powerful into the bottom corner of the net. 3-0 Barcelona!,1

MESSI DOUBLES BARCELONA'S LEAD! All of the defenders had moved towards Suarez, leaving Messi in some space and he reaches the ball first and just pokes it past the keeper to get his second of the game. 2-0 Barcelona!,1

MESSI GIVES BARCELONA THE LEAD IN STYLE! Barcelona won a free-kick on the edge of the box and the captain stepped up to take it. He curled it beautifully into the top-left corner and out of the reach of Lopez. 1-0 Barcelona!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! ZIYECH FIRES HOME AT THE DEATH!!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!!! The Blues take the lead with one minute to play as Ziyech arrives at the back post to steer a cross from Alonso past Butland. Alonso lifts a dangerous cross from the left flank that travels over the head of Mitchell. Ziyech times his effort to perfection, beating Butland with a precise strike on his left foot into the bottom-left corner.,1

Sarr brings down Kouyate with a loose challenge after Pulisic gives away possession with a poor pass to Havertz on the edge of the Palace box.,2

Palace have been forced into a change in goal at the break. Butland replaces Guaita between the posts, who must have been carrying a knock.,0

GOAL! Keita makes it 3-0 and what a strike it is! It comes from another corner and Palace fail to clear their lines, with Guaita punching the initial ball away, but it falls to Keita on the edge of the penalty area, who volleys an effort towards goal and it’s a terrific strike that flies straight into the back of the net.,1

Another Liverpool change now, with Henderson coming off and he hands the captains armband to Milner. His replacement is Origi.,0

Ward is booked for a challenge on Tsimikas in the Liverpool half. Slightly harsh decision, as that could have gone either way.,2

GOAL! Salah doubles Liverpool’s lead, it’s 2-0! Tsimikas whips a corner in from the left wing, which is met by the head of Van Dijk, but he can’t turn it towards goal and it falls to Salah at the far post, who then only has Guaita to beat from close range. The striker makes no mistakes with the finish, powering it into the back of the net.,1

Tsimikas is booked after he dives in on Gallagher and catches the Palace midfielder late. Poor challenge.,2

Palace make a double change, with Benteke the first to head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Edouard up front.,0

Liverpool have been forced into making a change, with Thiago coming off with an injury and he has been replaced by Keita.,0

GOAL! Liverpool take the lead just before the break, as Mane makes it 1-0! Tsimikas whips a terrific corner into the box, which is met by Salah and he powers a header down towards the bottom right corner of the net, but Guaita makes a superb save to deny him. However, Mane picks up the rebound and smashes it into the back of the net from just a few yards out.,1

Henderson is the first player to be booked after he blocks the path of Zaha and brings the Palace winger.,2

GOAL! LIONEL MESSI BAGS A DOUBLE TO SEAL THE DEAL FOR BARCELONA! 4-1! The Argentine curls a sweet strike past Fernandez from outside the box, off his left boot and into the bottom corresponding corner. Game, set and match to the Blaugrana.,1

Ricard Puig meanwhile replaces Pedri for the hosts too. It's all about running down the clock intelligently for Ronald Koeman's side.,0

Ínsua picks up a booking for a cynical challenge to cut off a Barcelona breakaway through the middle. He'll have to watch himself now.,2

Huesca bring on the one man to lose his place this week now, in Jaime Seoane who takes the spot of Doumbia.,0

OSCAR MINGUEZA WITH THE HEADER FOR BARCELONA! 3-1! The Blaugrana play the corner short and Messi executes a neat one-two to switch his angle before spearing the delivery in - and it is the defender who rises in the crowded box to steer a clean finish past Fernandez at the far post. Normal service is firmly resumed.,1

Escriche snaps up the first yellow card of the game for a clattering challenge on Griezmann, one that hands Messi a great free-kick opportunity out on the right wing in line with Huesca's box.,2

GOAL! RAFA MIR PULLS ONE BACK FROM THE PENALTY SPOT FOR HUESCA! 2-1! What a crazy final twist of the first half! The striker steps up and absolutely leathers it into the bottom-right corner past Ter Stegen. Against the odds, Barcelona go into the break with just a one-goal lead to show for their efforts.,1

GOAL! ANTOINE GRIEZMANN WITH AN ABSOLUTE THUNDERBOLT FOR BARCELONA! 2-0! That may well be the game and it's perilously close to a carbon copy of Messi's opener. The Frenchman steps up, slips around a defender and launches a masterful finish from outside the box into the top-left corner past the outstretched Fernandez. Double delight for the Blaugrana so far.,1

GOAL! LIONEL MESSI WITH THE USUAL BIT OF MAGIC FOR BARCELONA! 1-0! This old solider continues to fight for the Blaugrana, even after all the off-field pain of the past year. This is a top-drawer left-footed finish, bent around Fernandez and in at the near top-corner after shrugging off Pulido. Superb.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!! Heidenheim make it 3-2. A great counter attack. Traore gathered the ball in his box and drove into the Bayern half before playing the ball through the defence to Pieringer and he squared the ball to Kleindienst. The striker struck it back across goal past the Bayern keeper from just to the left-hand side of the penalty spot to get his second goal of the game and to earn his side the lead.,1

GOAL!!!! Heidenheim have equalised to make it 2-2. Two goals in the space of two minutes. The changes at half time have worked. Kleindienst finished a superb cross from the left-hand side of the penalty area to make it 10 goals in the league this season this season with a volley at the far post.,1

GOAL! Heidenheim make it 2-1 to Bayern. The hosts have halved the deficit through the substitute Sessa through a demonstration of how simple football can be. A long ball forward from a goal kick was flicked onto Pieringer, and he flicked it through to Sessa putting him in on goal and the substitute finished superbly into the corner of the goal from just inside the penalty area.,1

GOAL! Gnabry doubles Bayern’s lead to make it 2-0. A cross from Davies on the left hand-side of the box near the byline was perfectly put on the six-yard box for the German winger to nod past the keeper. A lovely goal from Bayern.,1

GOAL! A huge stroke of luck for Bayern to lead 1-0 through Kane. A tackle on Muller by the Heidenheim defence fell to Gnabry on the edge of the penalty area in an acre of space and the German international played it into the path of Harry Kane on the penalty spot for the Englishman to get his 32nd Bundesliga goal of the season as he poked it past the keeper.,1

NO MISTAKE! 1-1 on the day, 4-1 on aggregate! Kimmich calmly steps up and sweeps the ball down the middle of the goal. Bayern have a consolation.,1

Mane also enters the action with Sane making way. Despite last week's altercation, they do pat hands on the touchline.,0

HAALAND!!! 1-0 CITY, 4-0 ON AGGREGATE! That could settle the tie. Bayern threaten at one end with Coman's cross causing City a scare. However, they counter from Stones' clearance with De Bruyne finding Haaland, who capitalises on an untimely slip by Upamecano before sweeping into the roof of the net.,1

Ederson takes too long resuming the game from a goal kick and is subsequently booked for time wasting.,2

PENALTY TO CITY! The referee points to the spot after Gundogan's effort strikes the arm of Upamecano, who is yellow-carded after the referee points to the spot.,2

GOAL! The home side have surely won it! The resulting, in-swinging corner from Norwood is delivered into the centre of the away side’s penalty area. Egan rises above Jonny and powerfully heads the ball into the top-left corner. 1-0. ,1

Espirito Santo decides to change things up for the closing stages as Traore makes way for Dendoncker.,0

As we enter the final 20 minutes of normal time, Wilder makes his second substitution of the game as Zivkovic comes on in place of Sharp. It remains 0-0.,0

Atkinson let play go on in that earlier Wolves attack despite a cynical foul on Traore by Stevens. The wing-back is now booked and can have no complaints about the decision. ,2

On the break, Jota knocks the ball past O’Connell, who cynically brings the attacker down and is shown the first yellow card of the match. Neves now stands over a free-kick in a dangerous central position. ,2

Tarkowski is booked after he jumps into the back of Almiron as he goes for the ball and takes out the player.,2

Gayle has hold of Cork's arm and is pulling him back to stop the run so the referee shows him a yellow card.,2

Rose picks up the first yellow card of the game after he slides in and takes out Hendrick from behind.,2

Alli is fouled by Holebas and manages to talk himself into the book as Spurs take exception to all these free-kicks. ,2

Rose is next to be booked for a foul on Hughes. The yellow cards are racking up as tension rises around the ground.,2

Femenia is booked for bringing down Rose as Spurs search for a winner. The free-kick comes to nothing.,2

ALLI'S GOAL STANDS! It looked like Alli might have handled the ball with his shoulder, but nope. There's a brief moment of confusion as the monitor in the ground initially shows 'no goal' until the ref clears things up - it has been allowed. What a VARce.,1

Sissoko gets a yellow card for tripping Deulofeu as he tricked his way past the Frenchman. Watford have a promising-looking free-kick.,2

No messing about from Spurs. Pochettino makes an attacking change at half-time: Sanchez off, Son on. Spurs will presumably switch to four at the back.,0

GOAL! 1-0 WATFORD! This is typical Spurs. Cathcart pings a fantastic cross-field ball to Janmaat, who beats Rose with his first touch. Janmaat curls a wonderful cross into the box and Doucoure is there to tap it past Gazzaniga! ,1

GOAL FOR SOCIEDAD! The pressure finally tells, with Merino thumping in a venomous finish from the left side of the area as the home side pull themselves back into it to set up a grand stand finish.,1

A drinks break allows both teams to make changes. Benzema has made way for Madrid, with Mariano coming on.,0

James has also gone off, with Asensio – who scored with his first touch after coming on against Valencia – introduced.,0

GOAL! BENZEMA MAKES IT 2-0 TO MADRID! The frustration is doubled for Sociedad, as the visitors race up the other end and score a second. Valverde lifted a cross into Benzema, who after bringing it down with his shoulder – though there will be a VAR check for handball – hammers in a finish.,1

Oyarzabal has had a quiet night, and he has now made way for former Manchester United winger Januzaj.,0

Well, that is a blow for Madrid. After giving the visitors the lead, Ramos is forced off due to that injury. He has been replaced by Militao.,0

Sociedad have also taken the opportunity to make some changes. First, Gorosabel has been replaced by Elustondo.,0

GOAL! RAMOS MAKES NO MISTAKE! The VAR check finds no reason to overturn the referee’s decision, and it’s a cool finish from Madrid’s captain, who slots into the bottom-right corner, sending Remiro the wrong way. Madrid lead 1-0.,1

Another booking for Sociedad, as Gorosabel receives a yellow card for bringing down Vinicius, who would have been in down the left.,2

Now it’s Casemiro who goes into the book, having been cautioned for leading into Merino with his arm.,2

Bondar flicks up a leg to try and block the ball as it bounces in front of Torres. He catches the Spaniard in the midriff with his knee, and he goes into the book.,2

Barcelona are making a double change here. Fermin is the first to go off, with Casado on in his place.,0

Balde trips Zubkov to stop his run down the right, giving away a free-kick. He also earns himself a yellow card.,2

Joao Felix went down with a problem, and he's moving gingerly as he makes his way off the pitch. Guiu, who scored the winner against Athletic, comes on for him.,0

Konoplya was attemping to clear his lines, but he kicks Balde in his attempt to do so. He gets a yellow card, and it's a booking that means he'll miss the return fixture.,2

Both sides are making a change now the VAR check on that offside call is over. For Barcelona, Alonso goes off, with Balde replacing him.,0

On the back of that goal, Shakhtar are going to make the first change of the game. Kryskiv, who is on a booking, is replaced by Newerton.,0

SUDAKOV SCORES! It's a brilliant counter-attack from Shakhtar as it's spread out to Azarovi down the left, and he gets his head up before sliding it through to Sudakov. He's lost Romeu, and he takes the shot early, firing it past Ter Stegen and into the back of the net. 2-1!,1

Torres tries to make up for his heavy touch, but slides into the challenge on Konoplya and catches him with his studs. The Spaniard is shown the first booking of the game.,2

FERMIN SCORES! It's another brilliant run off the back of the defender by Fermin, and he quickly adjusts to get the ball out of his feet. He gets a lot of power behind the shot, and Riznyk is well beaten as it cannons in off the inside of his post. 2-0 Barca!,1

TORRES SCORES! It's a lovely pass over the top from Gundogan to pick out Fermin's run off the back of the defender, but his half-volley strikes the far post. The rebound falls to Torres, who rifles it into the back of the net, but the flag goes up against the youngster. After a VAR check, the goal will stand. 1-0 Barca!,1

LEWANDOWSKI MAKES NO MISTAKE! 5-1 Bayern! The striker waits for Sommer to move before coolly dispatching his penalty into the bottom-left corner of the goal!,1

Gnabry has been thoroughly brilliant in this match – and he fully deserves his early rest. On in his place is young Canada international Davies. ,0

Lang has been run ragged today by Gnabry, and he will not see out the match as Johnson comes in for the final 14 minutes. ,0

GNABRY MAKES IT FOUR! Kimmich gets free on the right-hand side and lifts a cross into the penalty area for Lewandowski to nod towards goal. Sommer makes the initial save but he cannot do much about the rebound as Gnabry comes storming into the six-yard box to tap home the rebound! Bayern Munich are putting Gladbach to the sword! ,1

Kramer is shown Gladbach’s second yellow card of the match for a challenge on Kimmich born out of frustration.,2

Hecking has seen more than enough as he makes his first alteration of the match as Neuhaus is recalled for Zakaria.,0

Thiago is shown a yellow card for a bad sliding challenge on Hofmann. It’s a late tackle that could have been much worse for Hofmann who wins the free-kick for Gladbach. ,2

Neuhaus has a crack at goal from outside the area which is blocked – by a hand – by Boateng. The referee shows the Bayern defender a yellow card and gives the hosts a free-kick just outside the 18-yard box.         ,2

MORE MISERY IN THE OPENING MOMENTS FOR GLADBACH! Following a goal-kick, Bayern win the ball on the halfway line and Thiago carries it into the opposition half before finding Lewandowski with a precise pass. The striker controls the ball on the half-turn between Elvedi and Ginter and fires a shot into the roof of the goal past Sommer! 3-1!      ,1

GOAL FOR GLADBACH! 2-1! The creativity of Hazard is on full display as he rolls the ball through the Bayern defence for Stindl, who holds off his marker before dispatching a left-footed shot into the roof of the net! The acute angle was never troubling for the forward who cuts Bayern’s deficit in half!   ,1

BAYERN DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Gnabry sends a cross into the area from the left-hand side which finds Muller perfectly in-stride. The Germany international’s first stab towards goal is saved well by Sommer from close range, but he pushes it back towards the striker who taps the second effort past the goalkeeper and into the net!,1

Hofmann is shown a yellow card for the foul on Kimmich which prevented the right-back from entering the penalty area.  ,2

IT’S A GOAL IN THE SECOND MINUTE INSTEAD! 1-0 BAYERN MUNICH! The ensuing corner is taken by James and it finds the head of a diving Martinez who lifts his chance high into the roof of the net!  The Gladbach fans are stunned into silence!,1

GOOALLLL!!!! Griezmann was played behind the defence by Vitolo on the counter-attack, and the former stared down Gorka before chipping it over the goalkeeper's head and into the back of the net with just seconds left! Atletico Madrid 2-0 Girona,1

GOALLLL!!! Upon review, VAR confirmed that a defender's leg just kept Griezmann onside before he headed the ball over to Godin who finished into an empty net. That seems harsh on Girona who have played incredibly well, but it was the right call in the end. Atletico Madrid 1-0 Girona,1

VILLA SEAL A LATE WIN! It's great play from Grealish down the left again as he played in Targett who was unmarked on the left of the box. He got the ball, turned and fired his effort over Ryan and into the top right corner of the net. 2-1 Villa! ,1

March is the latest player to pick up a yellow card after stopping Villa from taking a quick free-kick. ,2

It's a double change from Smith now and El Ghazi is the first player to make way as Luiz comes onto the field. ,0

Villa make their first change of the game now and it's Hourihane that makes way as Trezeguet comes onto the field.,0

Potter has decided to make a change at the start of the second half to add an extra body to midfield as March comes on to replace Connolly.,0

GREALISH SCORES! It's a brilliant cross into the box from Guilbert and none of the defenders seem to want to go to it. Grealish makes a run between them and taps the ball across the goal line and this time Villa are level. 1-1!,1

BRIGHTON DOWN TO 10! Just five minutes after picking up a booking, Mooy is off the field. He went to ground to get the ball and ended up catching Grealish with his trailing leg and the referee shows him his second yellow before pulling out the red card.,3

BRIGHTON LEAD! Villa just don't pick up Webster on the free-kick that followed Hourihane's foul and the defender rises to meet it at the far post. He heads his effort across goal and finds the back of the net. 1-0 Brighton!,1

Atalanta make a late change as they look to see out the game, with Toloi coming on to replace Ruggeri.,0

Gasperini makes an alteration in the centre-forward position, with Scamacca heading to the bench. Toure will replace him.,0

GOOOAAAAALLL!!! 3-0 ATALANTA! Lookman has his third! The Italian side look to counter-attack as Scamacca drives with the ball through the middle of the pitch. He approaches the box before finding Lookman in a dangerous position. He shifts it onto his left, getting away from Tapsoba, and he fires a sensational strike into the top corner!,1

Tapsoba brings down Lookman as Atalanta look to break, and the Leverkusen defender is awarded a yellow.,2

Gasperini makes another change for Atalanta, with Pasalic coming off the bench. De Ketelaere is the player to make way.,0

Gasperini will also make an alteration, with Scalvini entering the fray. Kolasinac heads to the bench.,0

Wirtz wasn't happy with the challenge from Scamacca, and he's booked for his reaction to the referee.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-0 ATALANTA!! Lookman receives the ball in between the lines and drives towards the penalty area. He bursts past Xhaka, working it onto his right foot as he creates space for himself. He sends a curling effort towards the far corner from outside of the box, and it nestles in the back of the net. It's an excellent finish and the tricky winger has his second!,1

GOOOOOOAAAALLLLL!! 1-0 ATALANTA!! Koopmeiners plays a smart pass into the feet of Zappacosta, and he drives with the ball into the penalty area. He delivers to the back post along the ground and Lookman arrives, and he fires into the top corner, giving the Italian side the lead! Gasperini's men are ahead in the Europa League final!,1

Parejo pulls back Pogba on the charge and goes into the book. The third Valencia player to enter the book this evening.,2

Rodrigo backs into Bailly and catches him with the point of his elbow straight in the Ivorian's throat. The Valencia forward goes into the book.,2

GOOOALLLLL! 2-0 CITY! Rodri plays in De Bruyne through the middle and the Belgian finishes this FA Cup tie with a powerful left-footed finish into the bottom-right corner from inside the area. Initially, Mina feels he was fouled by Mahrez, which is why Everton surround the referee straight after the goal. Oliver, however, isn't having it and VAR backs up the original decision before confirming De Bruyne was also onside.,1

Scorer of what could prove to be the winner, Gundogan, is brought off for the more defensive option of Rodri.,0

GOOOALLLLL!!!! 1-0 CITY! Laporte finds himself unusually far forward and pokes an effort from inside the area towards goal, which Virginia manages to palm onto his crossbar. The rebound breaks to Gundogan and, with the goalkeeper still on the floor, he produces a diving header into an empty net to open the scoring. Mina did his best to recover as the nearest defender but even he couldn't get close to the German to deny him the opportunity.,1

Sterling, who had missed out on the last three starting elevens prior to this fixture, comes off for De Bruyne.,0

For the foul on Richarlison in the middle of the park, Fernandinho becomes the next man in Oliver's book. Whether it was for the cynical nature of the tackle or an accumulation of fouls, Fernandinho can't have too many complaints.,2

Allan goes through the back of Gundogan and referee Oliver dishes out the first yellow card of the game. The Brazilian pairing of Richarlison and Allan complain but even their best protestations aren't going to change Oliver's mind.,2

One final roll of the dice for Ajax, who are running out of time to get something out of this game. Rensch goes off, with Mikautadze on for him.,0

It was only a short cameo for Estupinan, who lasted just over 10 minutes after coming off the bench. Baleba replaces him.,0

Van Hecke has struggled against Brobbey for the majority of the game, and he catches the forward with a late challenge. It results in a costly booking that will see him miss the next match.,2

Brighton are going to make a double change here. Estupinan is going to be given a run out after returning from a thigh problem. He replaces Dahoud.,0

Ajax are making a double change in response to that second Brighton goal. Gaaei is the first to go off, with Sosa replacing him.,0

ADINGRA SCORES! Brighton break quickly on the counter, with Fati leading the charge through the middle, and he has options on either side. He chooses to pick out Adingra's late, unmarked run into the box, and he takes a touch as Ramaj rushes out of his goal before firing his shot high into the far top corner. 2-0 Brighton!,1

Both sides are making a change at the break, starting with Brighton. Unsurprisingly, it's Dunk going off after he picked up a groin problem at the end of the first half. Julio replaces him.,0

Pedro is trying to hold off Sutalo and catches the defender in the face with a trailing elbow. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2

FATI SCORES! It's a moment to forget for Vos, who plays a blind pass out towards the left. Adingra is in the right place to cut it out and quickly works it into Fati, who bursts past Gaaei to get into space in the box. He holds off the defender before drilling a low shot across goal and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Brighton!,1

De Zerbi isn't going to take any risks with Milner, and his removal will see a little rejig for Brighton. Veltman will move over to the right with Gross dropping into left-back. Gilmour is brought on.,0

MILAN DOWN TO 10! Dalot uses that long switch of play out to Rebic on the left again, but this time, he can't get there ahead of Hysaj and he catches the defender late. He isn't happy about the free-kick going against him and the referee sends him off for his bad reaction.,3

Napoli are breaking quickly and Hernandez slides in and catches Osimhen with a late challenge to stop it which earns him a yellow card.,2

There's a double change for Napoli now as well and Politano is the first to make way, with Rui on in his place.,0

Di Lorenzo is very late as he slides in on Hernandez and catches him with his studs, so he's shown a yellow card.,2

NAPOLI LEAD! The visitors win the ball back in midfield again, and Zielinski squares it to Politano on the right of the box. His first touch takes him away from Hernandez and he drills his low shot across goal, under Donnarumma and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Napoli! ,1

Maksimovic steps across Tonali to stop Milan from breaking on the counter-attack so he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

DIALLO IS OFF! After picking up a booking for preventing a quick Liverpool free-kick earlier, the goalscorer took his shirt off in celebration to show it to the crowd. He doesn't seem to care too much as he's given a second yellow card, and United will see out the last couple of minutes with 10 men!,3

DIALLO SCORES! United take the lead in the 121st minute! From a Liverpool corner, Diallo rushes out to close down Elliott and nicks the ball off him. He sets Garnacho on the counter, and he races through the middle before returning it to the substitute. He takes it past Bradley before drilling his low shot past Kelleher and into the far bottom corner. 4-3 United!,1

Diallo trips Van Dijk, and then tries to stop him from taking a quick free-kick. He's booked, much to his frustration.,2

Liverpool are making a change in reaction to that goal, and Clark, who was a doubt coming into this game with an ankle problem, comes on. He replaces Diaz.,0

RASHFORD EQUALISES! United pull level again! Tsimikas takes too long on the ball before gifting it straight to McTominay, who slides it into Rashford's feet. He takes the shot first time and, after missing a big chance at the end of the second half, he buries this one into the bottom corner. 3-3!,1

Kelleher is taking a long time over his goal-kick, and the referee isn't having any of it. The goalkeeper is booked for time-wasting.,2

It's another attacking change for United as Mount comes on to make his first appearance since November. He replaces Lindelof.,0

ELLIOTT SCORES! Liverpool are back in front at Old Trafford! It comes from a throw-in on the right, and United are slow to close Elliott down as he sets himself for a shot just outside the box. The effort takes a big deflection off Eriksen when he tries to block it, and that's what catches Onana out and takes it into the far bottom corner. 3-2 Liverpool!,1

Liverpool are making their fourth change now, and Gomez is making way for a more recognised left-back in Tsimikas.,0

ANTONY EQUALISES! McTominay cuts out Van Dijk's clearance, and he touches it to Antony, who surges forward with support on either side. He plays it out to Garnacho, who cuts inside but slips as he takes the shot, and it rolls out to Antony. He has three Liverpool defenders around him, but he smartly turns before slotting a low effort into the bottom corner. 2-2!,1

United's final roll of the dice is an attacking one. Varane is taken off, with Diallo given five minutes plus stoppage time to make an impact.,0

There's another change for United now as Eriksen comes on in place of Mainoo to give the hosts something a little different going forward.,0

And there's also an attacking change as Salah, who has scored what is the winning goal as things stand, goes off for Gakpo.,0

Liverpool are making a double change now. Robertson is taken off for Bradley, so Gomez will switch out to left-back.,0

Liverpool are making a change of their own. Szoboszlai, who has provided a real threat for Liverpool, is replaced by Elliott.,0

And Wan-Bissaka also makes his way off, as Maguire comes on for him. That will mean a move out to left-back for Vindelof.,0

United's double change sees both players who have recently come back from injury going off. Hojlund, who managed just one shot on his return, goes off for Antony.,0

Gomez and Wan-Bissaka both have their feet high to get a touch on the ball, but the Liverpool man follows through. He clatters into the United left-back, catching him in the head, and he gets a booking.,2

Fernandes is furious as he thinks he was fouled by Gomez in the build-up. The left-back got the ball though, and was just too strong for the United captain, who has talked himself into a booking.,2

SALAH SCORES! Liverpool have flipped the game on its head! Gomez is too strong for Fernandes, pushing him off the ball before he curls a cross to the edge of the box. Diaz touches it into Nunez, who curls a shot on goal, and Onana gets a strong hand to it, but he can only push it to Salah. He makes no mistake as he rifles it in off the inside of the near post. After a VAR check, it's given! 2-1 Liverpool!,1

MAC ALLISTER EQUALISES! What a goal by Liverpool! Quansah sees the space open up and carries it to the edge of the area from the halfway line before squaring it to Nunez. He has his back to goal, so he lays it off to Mac Allister instead, and he fires a powerful shot on goal. It takes a slight nick off Mainoo, and Onana can only get fingertips to it. 1-1!,1

McTominay cuts inside from the right, and as he does, Mac Allister clips his heels from behind. He can have no arguments as he's shown the first booking of the game.,2

MCTOMINAY SCORES! Endo gives away a free-kick on halfway, and United take it quickly with a long ball out to Rashford on the left. He slides it through to Garnacho, who takes on his shot from a tight angle, but Kelleher gets behind it. Unfortunately for the goalkeeper, it loops up into the air, and McTominay is on hand to volley it into the empty net from close range. 1-0 United!,1

GOAL! IT'S ALL SQUARE AT 2-2! Pereyra steps up calmly and rolls the ball into the bottom-left corner with Leno going the other way. ,1

Arsenal look worried here. There's still a full quarter of an hour to play and Leno is already booked for time-wasting from the free kick.,2

Ozil caused Watford problems in the first half, but he's struggled to make an impression in the second with the home side taking the initiative. He's replaced by the more mobile Nelson.,0

Kolasinac is pulled back on the halfway line by Femenia as Arsenal looked to build an attack down the left. Femenia gets a yellow for his trouble.,2

GOAL! CLEVERLEY PULLS ONE BACK, IT'S 2-1! Watford have pressed Arsenal really well from goal kicks, and this time Sokratis' pass to Guendouzi is intercepted by Deulofeu. He can't control it but it comes to Cleverley at the edge of the area, and the midfielder sweeps a low shot under Leno. Good finish.,1

Holebas and Pepe butt heads after a coming-together, Guendouzi comes and gets involved, and there's a scuffle over on the right touchline. Guendouzi had just had a talking-to from the referee, and he's booked for racing into the affray. ,2

Luiz gives Maitland-Niles a job to do with a high pass out to the right-back, and Deulofeu robs him of the ball. Watford work the ball over to Hughes on the right, and Kolasinac slides in on him late. He gets the first yellow card of the afternoon.,2

GOAL! Aubameyang again, it's 2-0! Ozil plays a lovely pass in behind for Maitland-Niles on the right, he fires the ball in low and Aubameyang is on hand to tap it in at the back post.,1

GOAL! 1-0 ARSENAL! One chance is all Aubameyang needs! Arsenal win the ball on the half-way line, Kolasinac drives forward and finds Aubameyang in a pocket of space at the edge of the area. He controls brilliantly, spins and pokes it into the bottom-left corner with his right foot. Great goal.,1

Pope claims a long ball and wants to play quickly as he races to roll out. Just as the goalkeeper looks to release it, Dawson steps in his way and rightfully goes into referee Scott's book.,2

Lanzini is the man brought off and the Spain international Fornals takes his place in behind Antonio.,0

West Ham remain insistent on working the ball down their right-hand side against McNeil and Taylor. Antonio then wanders past Mee, who slices the forward down and becomes the second name in referee Scott's book.,2

Taylor slides through the back of Bowen and, after initially trying to play advantage, referee Scott decides to show the first caution of the contest to the left-back.,2

Watkins gets cautioned for ignoring the instructions of Pawson and returning to the pitch too quickly, as he still required medical treatment.,2

Wood, who saw his headed attempt saved well by Martinez in the first half, is replaced by Vydra in another like-for-like change by Dyche.,0

Brady goes in late and through the back of Nakamba, deservedly earning him the first caution of the game.,2

Paredes' Juventus debut draws to a close, as he's replaced by Nicolo Fagioli for the final few minutes.,0

Jovic's missed penalty would've been the difference at the moment, had it gone in of course, and a frustrating match for the striker comes to an end as he's replaced by Arthur Cabral.,0

Another change coming for Juve, with Sandro withdrawn for Leonardo Bonucci. He'll likely fill in at centre-back, pushing Danilo out onto the left side.,0

Maleh has been busy in the middle of the park, and comes off now for Rolando Mandragora. Mandragora scored a late winner in Fiorentina's only win so far this season. An ominous substitution?,0

Milenkovic comes off in Fiorentina's first change, and is replaced at centre-back by Lucas Martinez Quarta.,0

Kouame comes away with the ball on the counter after a Juventus attack is thwarted, but Danilo flies straight into him in a tackle more likely to be seen on a rugby pitch! The Brazilian defender is rightfully booked by the referee.,2

Locatelli's forward pass goes astray and Maleh comes back with the ball. He's chopped down by the Juve midfielder, with Locatelli being shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Di Maria comes off at half-time after a quiet first 45 minutes, and full-back Mattia De Sciglio will replace him.,0

Dodo looks to turn Sandro, and is almost successful, but the Juve left-back catches him late and is penalised and booked by the referee.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! La Viola equalise!!!! Terracciano gets a good punch on the corner and Locatelli can't get control of the ball. It drops to Sottil, who splits the backtracking Juve defence with a throughball to Kouame, who races clear and slots the ball beyond the onrushing Perin and into the back of the net! 1-1 in Florence, and it's game on.,1

Milik knocks the ball past Amrabat as he looks to spark a counter-attack, and is subsequently floored off the ball by the Moroccan, who can have no complaints when the referee shows him a yellow card!,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! There's the opener!!! Cuadrado's cross from the byline is met by Kostic deep in the box, who volleys the ball back towards goal where Milik is waiting to stab it home! A real poacher's finish from the striker, and it's 1-0 with nine minutes gone!,1

GOAL! SALAH MAKES IT 2-0! The Egyptian nets his second after Mane's cutback is mis-hit by Origi, allowing Salah to backheel in at the near post! That should be that!,1

Deeney, who has hardly touched the ball today, goes off for Gray up front in Pearson's first Watford change.,0

Shaqiri, who has been quiet today, comes off for Oxlade-Chamberlain in a straight swap on the right wing.,0

Wijnaldum comes off for Robertson, who goes to left-back and allows Milner to move into his preferred midfield berth.,0

GOAL!! LIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD! Watford's corner following Doucoure's chance is woeful and Firmino sends Mane on his way down the left, who feeds Salah into the box. The Egyptian cuts past Femenia before curling a lovely effort into the top corner past a stranded Foster on his right foot! It's 1-0 to Liverpool!,1

The referee goes back after playing advantage to give Hughes the first yellow card of the day for a poor, late challenge on Henderson.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Palace finally double their lead, it’s 2-0! Eze easily flicks the ball past Lundstram on the halfway line and then sprints up the pitch and skips past a couple of United defenders, before firing a shot towards goal, which takes a deflection off Fleck and trickles into the back of the net. They’ve deserved that goal and that should be the three points wrapped up.,1

Third and final United substitution, with Bryan the man coming off and he has been replaced by Lundstram.,0

Palace now make their first change, with Schlupp heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Riedewald.,0

Interesting substitution here by Sheffield United, with Burke heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by 17-year-old Jebbison, who is making his Premier League debut.,0

Here comes the first United change of the game and it's Berge who is coming off, as he has only just come back from injury and he's been replaced by Osborn.,0

Norwood is the first United player to be booked here, after he deliberately stops Eze from breaking forward on the counter.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Ward after he dives into a challenge with Fleck down the left wing and gets a little bit of the ball, but mainly catches the midfielder.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Palace take the lead early on, it’s 1-0! The visitors start on the front foot and Eze glides past a couple of United defenders, before laying it to Benteke just inside the box and the striker fires a shot towards goal. Baldock tries to get back to make a block and he gets a big touch on the effort, which takes it away from Ramsdale and into the back of the net. Without the deflection, it looked like the keeper had that covered.,1

Chelsea make a final change, bringing on Giroud to replace Hazard as four added minutes of injury time are indicated.,0

Pedro is shown the yellow card now for refusing to give the ball back quickly enough after conceding a free-kick.,2

DAVID LUIZ FOR CHELSEA! 2-0! That is an absolutely fantastic header from the defender to get his first goal in 14 months and double his side's lead! Hazard swings a perfectly weighted corner in, the centre-back rises above the rest of the box and puts a looping header over Ederson into the top-right corner.,1

City make their second change of the game as David Silva pulls up with a hamstring problem. Gundogan is his replacement.,0

Chelsea are going to be forced to make a change to replace the injured Kovacic, bringing on Barkley to replace him.,0

Jorginho is shown a yellow card for a foul on Walker which sparks a bit of a confrontation between both sides. Kovacic is down in back play though and doesn't look in a good way.,2

City make their first change as they look to swing this game back in their favour, bringing on Gabriel Jesus for Sane.,0

KANTE FOR CHELSEA! 1-0! An absolute sucker punch of a goal for the hosts! David Luiz finds Pedro out wide on the right with a long cross, who tips it back to the left flank for Willian. Both he and Alonso can't find space to shoot, but Hazard drifts it back to the Frenchman who arrives with a thundering right foot to put it into the roof of the net.,1

The normally unerring set-piece delivery of Guerreiro has been a degree or two off today, and he is withdrawn on the left flank for Schulz to come on.,0

Hazard has been one of the liveliest figures in a match lacking much goalmouth incident, but he is now withdrawn and Wolf is on for the final 20 minutes.,0

Hummels apparently takes retribution on Matheus with a late challenge of his own, which sees the centre-back shown a yellow card.,2

Amorim has opted to make a change in pursuit of a point, with Tomas coming off and Nuno Santos on in his place.,0

Matheus follows Bellingham into the referee's book, for his complaints about the timing of his opponent's tackle on Porro. ,2

Having just displayed great maturity to set up the goal, Bellingham is booked for a crude and reckless tackle on Porro.,2

DORTMUND LEAD! Malen finally gets off the mark for BVB, as he latches onto a coolly stroked pass from Bellingham on the right side of the box to fire a quickly taken effort past the dive of Adan in the visitors' goal. Dortmund 1-0 Sporting!   ,1

After his early injury, Dahoud is replaced by Brandt, which may mean a slight shuffling of Rose's lineup.,0

Juve are seeking to hold the ball in the corner and run down the clock now. Morata, however, is too eager to regain possession from Barella, fouls him from behind, and goes into the book.  ,2

Sanchez lunges in late on Chiesa and catches the attacker with a dangerous tackle deep inside the Juventus half. He is rightfully shown a yellow card.  ,2

Inter make their first alteration of the match with Perisic replacing Young. There are 24 minutes of normal time left to play. ,0

Inter are seeing a lot of the ball in the opening moments of the second half. Barella drives forward down the right and is impeded by De Ligt, who subsequently picks up a yellow card.  ,2

Ronaldo is the next player to be booked as he handles the ball in seeking to turn Cuadrado’s cross beyond Handanovic. ,2

Vidal is the latest player to go into the book after sliding into Ronaldo from behind as the Juventus attacker looked to break. He left the referee with no choice there. ,2

GOAL! The away side take the lead! A poor back pass from Skriniar and a mix-up between Handanovic and Bastoni allows Ronaldo to race through on goal. From an acute angle, the striker's left-footed shot strikes the far post and bounces in. 2-1. ,1

Alex Sandro is shown a yellow card after cynically clipping Darmian’s heels when he looked to be away down the right. Inter now have a free-kick in a dangerous position. ,2

GOAL! Juventus are level! From the spot, Ronaldo fires straight down the middle and into the roof of the net. Handanovic stood no chance with that strike. 1-1. ,1

Demiral is the first player to pick up a yellow card after cynically sliding through the back of Sanchez deep inside the hosts’ half. He can have no complaints with that decision. ,2

GOAL! Inter take the lead! Following a quick break, Sanchez lays the ball off to Barella, who drives down the right flank and whips a low cross into the Juventus box. Martinez gets ahead of De Ligt and steers the delivery beyond Buffon from the centre of the box. 1-0. ,1

Pavard is the latest player to have his name taken by the referee as he catches Kainz with a poor challenge from behind.,2

COLOGNE HAVE ONE BACK! Uth does really well to stay onside as Kainz gets into more space on the left. The defenders don't pick him up at the far post and he's left with a simple tap-in into the bottom corner. 4-1!,1

GREAT GOAL BY GNABRY! He picks up the ball on the left wing and drifts inside to get into a better position. He weaves his way past three Cologne defenders before curling his shot around Horn and into the far bottom corner. 4-0 Bayern!,1

Flick has made a change at the start of the second half and it's Boateng that makes way for Hernandez.,0

Cologne are finally able to make the change after Katterbach went off injured and Kainz is now on in his place.,0

GNABRY SCORES! Kimmich swings the corner into the far post where Gnabry brilliantly brings the ball down. He cuts back to the edge of the box to get more space before drilling his shot into the bottom-right corner. 3-0 Bayern!,1

THEY HAVE A SECOND! Cologne barely had time to recover from the first goal and now they're two down! The defending is poor from the home side as Coman has time to take a touch before hitting his shot low under the keeper and into the net. 2-0 Bayern!,1

BAYERN LEAD! Lewandowski takes a touch to get past Bornauw on the left of the box and is one-on-one with the keeper when he takes the shot. It's a tight angle, but he fires his effort over Horn and into the roof of the net. 1-0 Bayern!,1

Leao is late as he tries to nick the ball off Otavio and he stands on the winger's foot. He's the latest player to have his name taken by the referee.,2

Ibrahimovic tries to bring it down but catches Mbemba in the face with a very high boot. He's claiming he made contact with the ball, but he's booked.,2

Corona gets the better of Kalulu down the right again and the defender is late with his tackle. He protests his innocence but is still shown a yellow card.,2

DIAZ SCORES! It's great play from Joao Mario down the right as he wrongfoots Kalulu and whips a cross into the box. Milan just don't deal with it and it pinballs around before falling to Diaz. He hits the shot first time, drilling it into the bottom corner. Milan are saying there was a foul in the build-up, but nothing is given and the goal stands. 1-0 Porto! ,1

Milan are making a triple change here and Ballo-Toure is the first to make way, with Kalulu coming on to replace him.,0

Wendell, who picked up a knock towards the end of the first half, doesn't come back out and is replaced by Sanusi.,0

Giroud can't control the ball as he chests it down and he ends up stepping on Mbemba's foot in his attempts to keep possession. He's shown a yellow card, much to his disbelief.,2

Tomori is trying to catch up to Evanilson and ends up clipping the back of his heels, bringing him down. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Porto thought they should've had a free-kick, but when Saelemaekers breaks on the counter, Oliveira sticks out a leg to stop his run and it earns him an early yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SON CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 3-0!!!! Spurs kill off the game as Son dispatches a low strike past Schlager. Doherty floats a cross towards Vinicius and he picks out the run of the winger with a deft header. Son does the rest with his left boot, finding the bottom-right corner.,1

Filipovic replaces Renner for the visitors, who may been feeling the affects of his earlier clash of heads with Hojbjerg.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LUCAS PUTS TOTTENHAM AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! Spurs cut open LASK with ease, allowing the Brazilian to finish from close range. Davies releases Vinicius over the top in the left inside channel and he cuts a fine pass back to Lucas. The forward takes a touch before slotting a right-footed strike past Schlager.,1

Hojbjerg looks OK to continue after being checked over by the physio, but he is still shown a card after chopping down Grealish in midfield. ,2

GOAAALLLLLL - TOTTENHAM 1-2 ASTON VILLA - Watkins fires Villa into the lead after more poor defending from Spurs. Reguilon played his side into trouble with a risky pass on the edge of the box, and Traore was able to turn it towards Watkins in a flash. The Villa striker headed the ball into the floor and held off Dier before blasting the ball into the bottom corner. What a comeback from Villa!,1

GOAAAALLLL - TOTTENHAM 1-0 ASTON VILLA - WHAT A STRIKE!!! Bergwijn opens the scoring, and the home fans go wild as they finally get to celebrate a Spurs goal inside the stadium. The winger did all the work himself as he snatched the ball off Nakamba before charging into the box and drilling his shot into the top corner.,1

Kane reacted to David Luiz's kick with a swing of his arm into the chest of the Brazilian. He gets booked for his part in the melee.,2

David Luiz has a melee with Kane on the touchline and goes into the book. He did have a kick at the Tottenham man, which could have put him in trouble.,2

Hazard looks a bit tired as his exploits from the EFL Cup may have caught up with him. Willian replaces the Belgian.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PEDRO SCORES A FINE GOAL!!! CHELSEA 1-0!!! The Blues open the scoring as Pedro carves open Tottenham at the back before providing a neat finish. He collects Azpilicueta's offload down the right flank and cuts inside the challenge from Alderweireld, embarrassing the Belgian. He strikes at goal on his left foot from a tight angle, placing the ball between the legs of Lloris. It's not one the Spurs skipper will want to see back again. Chelsea have control of the fixture now.,1

Final City substitution now, with Rodri replaced by Mendy. It looks like Zinchenko will move into a midfield position as Mendy comes on at left-back.,0

Shakhtar make their third and final substitution, as Moraes heads off the pitch and he is replaced by Dentinho.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Jesus makes it 3-0 to City! They've finally got their third goal and that should wrap up the three points now. De Bruyne plays a lovely ball square to Jesus, who just stays onside and then races through on goal and beats Pyatov, by sliding the ball into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

Shakhtar make their second substitution of the game, with Patrick coming off and he has been replaced by Antonio.,0

GOOOAAALLL! City double their lead, it's 2-0! Gundogan with the second goal of the game. The midfielder races into the box unmarked and Mahrez finds him perfectly after cutting inside from the right wing, with Gundogan then toe-poking the ball past Pyatov and into the back of the net. Lovely move and goal.,1

Rodri is the first player booked after he hacks down Ismaily from behind, as the Shakhtar left-back looked to break into the City final third.,2

GOOOAAALLL! City lead 1-0 as Mahrez smashes the ball home from just a couple of yards out. Gundogan strikes the post from the edge of the box, but the rebound falls perfectly to the feet of Mahrez, who fires the ball into the back of the net. There was a quick VAR check on the goal to see if he was offside, but the winger was comfortably onside when the shot was fired.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MOUNIE FINDS THE NET IN STOPPAGE TIME!! 1-0 HUDDERSFIELD!!! The home side get the goal they deserve. Mooy raids down the right and sends a dangerous cross into the box. Grant controls the ball at the back post and nudges an effort towards goal. It lands at the feet of Mounie with the aid of a deflection, who provides the finishing touch, guiding the ball into the bottom corner.,1

Hogg takes out Costa as he tries to break upfield. The Huddersfield man goes into the book for the challenge.,2

Jota goes on the charge through the middle before being wiped out by Billing. The Huddersfield midfielder goes into the book for his challenge.,2

DI MARIA SCORES! It's another good move by PSG as they pass it between Lille and work their way upfield. Di Maria is picked out in midfield and slides it through to Neymar before carrying his run into the box to get it back. He hits the shot first time, keeping it low as it rolls under Grbic and into the back of the net. 2-1 PSG!,1

Neymar's frustration at a decision not going PSG's way just gets the better of him as he catches Fonte with a heavy challenge and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Lille are making their first change of the game just after that goal. Yilmaz is the player going off, with Onana on for him.,0

MARQUINHOS EQUALISES! PSG's pressure finally pays off, and they're level! It's great work from Di Maria in the build-up down the left, and he lifts a lovely cross back into the middle from the byline. Marquinhos is completely unmarked and fires it into the roof of the net first time. 1-1! ,1

Double change for PSG, and it's both of the full-backs that are being replaced. Dagba comes on for Kehrer.,0

Celik slides in and times his tackle perfectly to take the ball off Neymar. The Brazilian kicks his foot as he tried to play the ball though and the right-back is booked. ,2

Messi had been struggling with muscle pain in the week leading up to this game. He's taken off and replaced by Icardi at the start of the second half.,0

Yilmaz is shown a yellow card for dissent after protesting to the referee that Lille should've had a free-kick.,2

DAVID SCORES! Lille switch it from right to left to open up the space in behind PSG and David makes sure he stays onside the whole time. Yilmaz runs to the byline when he's fed in on the edge of the box, and he pulls it back to his strike partner in the middle, who coolly fires it over Donnarumma. 1-0 Lille! ,1

Di Maria is breaking on the counter for PSG and Reinildo slides in on the back of him to try and stop the attack. He gets the ball but catches the player as well, so he's shown the first yellow card of the game. ,2

Tchibota goes to ground under the challenge of Valero inside the penalty box, but the referee books the substitute for simulation and awards the free-kick to Inter.,2

GOOOAL! Eriksen makes it 1-0 to Inter! A patient passage of build-up play culminates in Vecino's flick picking out Lukaku inside the box, and he then tees up Eriksen who steers his effort into the left-hand side of the net.,1

Grigore becomes the first Ludogorets player to receive a booking in the match following a late tackle on Moses.,2

Martinez is shown the first yellow card of the match for a reckless challenge on Terziev, with this meaning the striker will miss the return leg at the San Siro.,2

GOAL! PSG COMPLETE THEIR COMEBACK! 3-1! Marquinhos has a double of headers for the day - and Lionel Messi has a hat-trick of assists! The Argentine leads on the ball down the left edge, cuts a looped delivery in, and his captain is there to crash home from the six-yard area. The visitors seal victory!,1

GOAL! ANGEL DI MARIA HANDS PSG THE LEAD! 2-1! It has been coming - and it has arrived! Once more, Lionel Messi pulls the strings, helping to draw in defenders before flicking out to an exposed right edge of the penalty area. His team-mate is there, unmarked, and he lofts a simple finish around Green that you can see coming from a mile away. The visitors finally hit the front.,1

GOAL! PSG LEVEL FROM THE SUBSEQUENT SET-PIECE! 1-1! Marquinhos missed a sitter earlier - but it makes up for it here! Messi lofts an inch-perfect free-kick in from the centre-right flank, the captain rises and he nudges a low, bouncing header beyond Etienne Green, in at the near post. It's all square heading towards the break!,1

Saint-Etienne are down a man for the rest of the game! Mbappe breaks, Timothee Kolodziejczak lunges for him and the latter drags his studs over the forward's knee. There is absolutely no disputing that call!,3

Now Mahdi Camara cleans out Idrissa Gueye. This really is turning into a dust-up - albeit a rather soggy one in this storm.,2

Juan Bernat is now booked for a challenge of his own down the other end of the pitch. The tempers are more than just flaring in this one.,2

GOAL! DENIS BOUANGA IS AWARDED THE FINISH FOR SAINT-ETIENNE! 1-0! It seems, because he scored following an initial save off a team-mate, his finish can stand as he was onside at the original delivery! PSG are furious, but the goal now stands.,1

That's a very heavy challenge by Alpha Sissoko early in the game, absolutely steaming into Neymar - and he is booked for that one without little argument.,2

Here comes that sixth and final substitution of the day, with Bundesliga debutant Ewerton taking over from the ineffective Erras.,0

Kovac, who has lifted a lot of pressure off his shoulders over the past week, brings on Wagner for the lively Gnabry in Bayern’s final change. ,0

Thiago, another player who has been carrying a knock, comes on for Goretzka in a double Bayern change.,0

Coman makes his return from injury by replacing goalscorer Ribery for the closing 27 minutes in Bavaria.,0

GOOOOAAALLL! Bayern 3-0 Nurnberg! Well if it was not game over beforehand it certainly is now, courtesy of this maiden league goal of the campaign for Ribery. Bredlow has another shocker as he clears the ball as far as Gnabry, who brings the ball forward and tests the keeper when the angle is against him. The ball falls favourably for Ribery in the middle to convert through the legs Bredlow, however - his first goal since March. ,1

GOOOAAALLL!! Bayern 2-0 Nurnberg! Lewandowski bags his second goal of the contest, this time finding the net from eight yards with an instinctive finish. Goretzka's long-range drive cannons back off the crossbar and Lewandowski is in the right place at the right time to help the rebound into an empty net.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!! Bayern 1-0 Nurnberg! Bayern make the breakthrough at the Allianz Arena, and it is through their leading marksman Lewandowski. Kimmich sends a corner in from the left and the Polish striker is there to glance it past Bredlow, who was caught in two minds.,1

PALACE HAVE SURELY WON IT!!! They hit United on a quickfire counter-attack that sees the ball break kindly for the onrushing Van Aanholt, whose low drive is too hot for De Gea to handle. Maybe, they could be celebrating a first Premier League victory at Old Trafford after all!,1

WHAT A GOAL!!! JAMES EQUALISES FOR UNITED! He may just have snatched a point for the hosts. Receiving the ball just inside the penalty area, James takes a touch before brilliantly bending the ball into the top corner - leaving Guaita with absolutely no chance.,1

Guaita takes a little too long over a free-kick and the referee shows him a yellow card for time-wasting.,2

James has his name taken as he is penalised for simulation after going down under a challenge from Milivojevic. Despite his protests, the referee shows the winger a yellow card.,2

United make their first change of the match and young Mason Greenwood is introduced in place of Lingard.,0

Cahill also has his name taken for bringing down Martial on the edge of the area. The former England defender is rather fortunate as he appeared to be the last man for the visitors.,2

PALACE LEAD AT OLD TRAFFORD!!! JORDAN AYEW PUTS THEM IN FRONT! Route one does the trick for the visitors, who edge their noses in front against the run of play. Schlupp climbs to flick on Guaita's long kick downfield, allowing Ayew to run through unchallenged and calmly beat De Gea.,1

As the referee shows Roca the yellow card, he makes it clear that it's not just for this foul, but for persistent infringements throughout the game.,2

Silva is making another double change here and it's both goalscorers that are going off. Wilson is first, with Solomon on for him.,0

Fulham are making a double change of their own. De Cordova-Reid is taken off, with Vinicius on in his place.,0

Another double change for Leeds now. Harrison's 100th Premier League appearance comes to an end as he's replaced by Gnonto.,0

PEREIRA SCORES! It's more terrible defending from Leeds, who are all over the place at the back. Pereira starts the move by sweeping it out to Robinson, who has acres of space down the left. De Cordova-Reid can't get on the end of it, and Meslier's interception bounces straight to Pereira, who emphatically fires in from very close range. 2-0 Fulham!,1

Cooper is stretching to stop Palhinha from latching onto the loose ball, but he gets there late and catches the midfielder with his studs. He can have no complaints with the booking.,2

Leeds are making a double change as they look to get back into the game. Rodrigo is the first to go off, with Bamford replacing him.,0

Wilson drops a shoulder as he cuts inside, and it catches Wober out. He stretches out a leg to bring down the Welshman just outside the box and gets booked for it.,2

WILSON SCORES! Fulham break quickly after intercepting Roca's loose pass and Robinson drives through the middle before poking it out to Willian. Meslier scrambles to tip his first-time cross away, but instead, gifts it straight to Wilson, who has time to take a touch before rifling it in off the underside of the bar. 1-0 Fulham!,1

McKennie gifted the ball straight to Tete and tried to make up for his error. He slides in late and brings down the right-back, earning him a booking.,2

Summerville skips away from Ream and tries to do the same with Palhinha, only to be tripped by the midfielder. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Sulemana’s late sliding challenge on Carboni gets him in trouble with the referee, who shows the substitute a yellow card.,2

The booked Dawidowicz is brought off by his coach almost immediately after the mix-up with Martinez which nearly led to an Inter goal. Magnani is sent on in relief.,0

Tameze's match comes to an end five minutes after the hour. The experienced Veloso comes on in his place.,0

Hien is the second Verona defender to be shown a yellow card after his push takes down Martinez and prevents a possible Inter attack.,2

The first yellow card of the match is shown to Dawidowicz for a cynical challenge on Dzeko in midfield.,2

INTER OPEN THE SCORING! 1-0! The hosts take just under three minutes to break the deadlock through Martinez, who latches onto Gagliardini’s blocked shot before dispatching an off-balance effort that sneaks into the bottom of the far corner!,1

Having illuminated the game with his flashes of inspiration, Saint-Maximin is now withdrawn and Murphy comes on.,0

Manquillo is now yellow-carded by the referee, as Newcastle nervously edge closer to the winning line.,2

After an energetic shift, Almiron comes off to be replaced by the more defensive option of Fernandez.,0

Burnley opt to make another change, as Gudmundsson is replaced by Rodriguez for the final few minutes.,0

Lowton's game is brought to an end and his replacement, Roberts, makes a first top-flight appearance for over three years.,0

NEWCASTLE LEAD! A horrible error of judgment by Pope sees the Burnley goalkeeper spill a high ball onto the head of Schar, and the ball trickles to Wilson, who does well to retain his composure and fire the opening goal home from inside the box. What a relief for nervy Newcastle, who now lead 1-0!,1

Having picked up an early injury, the unfortunate Cornet comes off to be replaced by Vydra up front for Burnley - the Czech striker's 10th substitute appearance of the season.,0

Walker, who has two assists to his name today, is replaced by Lewis. Ake will take over the captaincy.,0

Rodri, perhaps fortunate not to have given away a penalty, is also taken off. Sergio Gomez is on in his place.,0

If Brighton's tired players thought things were bad before, Doku is now on for Silva with a good 15 minutes left to go including added time.,0

Nunes, a regular substitute for City this season, comes on for De Bruyne with around 20 minutes to go.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 0-4 MAN CITY! If at first you don't succeed... Alvarez finally has his goal, and it is as simple as you like as his 10-game drought without a goal comes to an end. Ederson's long ball is collected by Walker, who cuts inside and manages to scoop it to Alvarez despite Steele being right on top of him. Alvarez then has the task of firing into a goalkeeper-free net.,1

Brighton have made their third change with under an hour played. Igor is on for Moder, which may mean Barco playing in a more advanced position.,0

De Zerbi has made a double change before the start of the second half. Offiah is on for Veltman in the first of those.,0

Veltman fouls Foden and then kicks the ball away. The referee reaches into his pocket for the first time today.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! CITY HAVE A THIRD ALREADY!! A third for City and a second for Foden, who punishes Brighton for failing to play it out from the back. Not for the first time today - or indeed this season - Albion just lack the quality to pass it out. Silva cuts out Barco's pass and Foden sends the loose ball away from Steele with a first-time finish. 3-0 to the visitors.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! CITY DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! Foden wins the right to take on a contentious free-kick from 20 yards and it deflects pretty heavily off Gross on its way past Steele. That is the City midfielder's 50th Premier League goal, seven of those coming against Brighton. 2-0 City!,1

WHAT A GOAL!! MAN CITY LEAD 1-0! Foden slots Walker in down the right and the full-back's cross is beautifully guided past Steele via the head of De Bruyne. The Belgium international is a good 10 yards from goal but his diving header has the power and precision to beat the Brighton goalkeeper.,1

Monteiro clips Lenz and then boots the ball away in frustration. It's a needless booking to pick up this late in the game.,2

That booking was Colley's last involvement in the game as he's now taken off by Wicky. Rrudhani will take his place.,0

Colley is late sliding into the challenge on Simons, and he catches his trailing leg. He goes into the referee's book.,2

Males knocked it past Lenz, but the defender left a leg hanging to trip him. He's pleading his innocence, but won't get away without the yellow card.,2

Simons, who has both scored and assisted in his last three appearances in the competition, comes on for Forsberg.,0

Leipzig's latest change is a triple one, and it's the front three that are making way. Werner makes his return from a groin injury as he replaces Sekso.,0

Young Boys are bringing on more reinforcements with another double change. Lauper is the first to go off, with Lakomy on for him.,0

Poulsen catches Lauper with a late challenge during Young Boys attack. When play is next stopped, the referee goes back to book him for it.,2

There's a double change for Young Boys now as they look to find their second equaliser of the game. Nsame is the first to go off, with Ganvoula replacing him.,0

Leipzig are making their first change of the game now, and it's a straight swap at centre-back. Simakan is taken off, with Klostermann on in his place.,0

FORSBERG SCORES! Leipzig are back in front! This game has truly come to life now! Kampl does brilliantly to work it through a tight space on the edge of the D, and as the defenders are drawn to the ball, Forsberg finds a gap on the left. He takes the shot straight away, firing a wonderful shot into the top corner. 2-1 Leipzig!,1

COLLEY EQUALISES! And just like that, we're back on level terms! Poulsen was trying to weave his way into the box when he was stopped in his tracks and Colley sets off on the counter. He plays it out to Nsame, who surges down the right before playing the return pass to the winger, and he fires it past Gulacsi with a first-time shot. 1-1!,1

SESKO SCORES! Just like in the first half, he finds the back of the net early on, but this one will count! It's a great run by Forsberg through the middle, but it's even better work by Poulsen to keep it alive long enough for Henrichs to get up in support. He threads it into Sesko, who checks back to lose Lustenberger and rifle it into the far top corner. 1-0 Leipzig!,1

It's a really poor challenge by Garcia on Carvalho as he rushes in and steps on the top of his foot after the ball is gone. The referee is straight over to show him the first booking of the game.,2

GOAAALLL JUVENTUS 4-1 UDINESE - Lasagna grabs a consolation goal and it is such a shame the strike will count for nothing because it is a lovely finish. Juventus switched off and De Paul took the extra space and moved down the right wing before picking out Lasagna. The striker still had loads to do due to the angle but he stayed calm and fired past Szczesny.,1

That header is Matuidi's last involvement as he is replaced by Dybala for the final 20 minutes or so.,0

GOAAAALLLLL JUVENTUS 4-0 UDINESE!!!! Matuidi gets a goal after some poor marking from the visitors. Bentancur managed to draw in a couple of defenders before curling the ball towards the penalty spot. France international Matuidi timed his run to perfection before stooping low to header the ball into the far corner.,1

GOAAAALLL JUVENTUS 3-0 UDINESE - Can now gets himself on the scoresheet thanks to a neat penalty. Some would consider it harsh to not let Kean get his hat-trick but the former Liverpool man does the job and beats Musso.,1

Opoku now joins Lasagna in the book. The defender got caught flat-footed and he chopped down Kean as he tried to break away.,2

GOAAALLLLLL JUVENTUS 2-0 UDINESE - Kean grabs his second of the night after a brilliant run and finish. The visitors gave away possession and Kean chased down a lost cause before turning into the box. A stepover confused Musso before he was then beaten at his near post.,1

Stryger Larsen is the first man in the book after deliberately handling the ball when trying to score. The officials spotted it straight away and Juve now have a free-kick in their own box.,2

A change at the back sees Bonucci replace Barzagli. The latter has just limped his way towards the touchline and that it is not good news for Allegri.,0

GOAAAALLLL Juventus 1-0 Udinese!!! Kean turns away in delight as he opens the scoring for the home side. The striker had to stay patient as he waited for Alex Sandro to reach the box, but he moved to the near post once the cross came in. He sandwiched himself in between two defenders before firing home the cross to beat Musso.,1

Saul goes up to win an aerial duel but hits the side of Tachi's head with his elbow. It's a yellow card for the Atleti substitute. ,2

Savic is shown a yellow card for the flailing elbow which has given Alaves a chance to tie the match up from the penalty spot. ,2

Carrasco is shown a yellow card for jumping into Navarro during an aerial duel. It’s the winger’s fifth booking - meaning he will miss Atleti’s next match (a fixture vs Sevilla).,2

SUAREZ FINDS THE OPENING GOAL! 1-0! It’s the kind of connection Simeone was hoping for all match, as Llorente plays a lovely pass down the right flank for Trippier, whose excellently placed first-time cross finds the head of Suarez at the near post! The hosts take the advantage!,1

Two fouls in the same part of the pitch in two minutes earns Jota a yellow card. This time - he manages to take down Hermoso. Can Atleti make their opponents pay this time? ,2

Red card! As Neymar is taken from the field, the referee returns and dismisses Mendes, deeming his challenge to have been worthy of a straight sending-off. There's a little grumble - were Neymar not having to leave prone on a stretcher, he might have escaped with a yellow - but no-one is really complaining.,3

Free-kick to Lyon! Could that be the game? Kimpembe desperately chops at the ball, botches his tackle and gets booked. The visitors are in no rush and put it deep, where it skitters out for a goal-kick.,2

Lyon are going for a defensive approach now; goalscorer Kadewere has been replaced by Sinaly Diomande.,0

Lopes is still down, having hit an advertising hoarding when he went to ground, tumbling away. Rafinha is meanwhile on for Kean for the hosts.,0

Desperate six-yard defence from Lyon as Neymar nearly wrestles the ball away from two defenders. He darts back in and pushes over De Sciglio, who in turn crashes into Lopes. A yellow comes his way.,2

Kylian Mbappe now joins the fray too for the hosts, replacing Di Maria, who has been mostly ineffective today.,0

Indeed, Ander Herrera is the latest new face for PSG. He replaces Paredes, who seems furious to be taken off.,0

Paredes tracks his boot across the back of Depay's heel with a late challenge and the Lyon man absolutely crumples. It looks to have caught the very tip with the studs. It's a booking for the PSG man.,2

Barely a minute has elapsed in this half and Kehrer already has a booking for a lunge tackle on Toko Ekambi. It's a rash and particularly wasteful challenge; he'll have to watch himself now.,2

Dubois now bulldozes Neymar in midfield and picks up a booking for his troubles. Lyon's players are not happy about the call - and nor is Neymar, who is busy chelping at the offender after the incident.,2

GOAL! TINO KADEWERE HANDS LYON THE LEAD! 1-0! That is not a waste! The striker is slipped through into the same spot again, but makes no mistakes as he drills a low finish below Navas at the left post. A beautifully composed strike! PSG trail.,1

PSG look to have a problem with Diallo, who has taken a few crunching tackles today. He's off - and Thilo Kehrer is on.,0

Despite a number of chances Muller's match ends without him getting a goal, as he's replaced by Wagner with Bayern's final change.,0

A final change for the hosts sees Elez come on at the expense of Fullkrug, who was basically a spectator in this one.,0

Bayern make their first change of the match with a little under 20 minutes to play as Sanches replaces Coman.,0

IT'S GETTING UGLY FOR HANNOVER! 4-0 BAYERN! Esser makes a good save to deny Lewandowski's strike from the edge of the penalty area, but Kimmich manages to keep the ball in play before quickly crossing for the striker, who heads home from five yards!,1

THREE GOALS, THREE POINTS! Bayern make it 3-0 and there's no doubt about the result now, surely! Gnabry takes a pass in the area from Kimmich and cuts onto his left before shooting. His initial effort is blocked, but the ball breaks kindly for him on the follow-up as he slides home a simple finish.,1

Hannover make one change at the interval as Maina comes on to replace Felipe. A midfielder on for a defender, as the hosts chase this deficit.,0

BAYERN DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! The 2-0 has been coming, and it's Alaba who provides it! A corner is cleared only as far as the full-back, who lashes a stunning first-time strike into the top corner with ferocity! There's no saving that!,1

Bayern look to break quickly following a turnover in midfield, but Felipe takes out Lewandowski to prevent the counter and picks up a very early yellow card in the process.,2

DREAM START FOR BAYERN! 1-0! Well that didn't take long at all! Muller meets a long throw up against the byline and hooks an overhead delivery back into the danger area. It runs through for Kimmich who volleys a first-time finish through a crowd and in at the far post!,1

Needlessly rising to the bait of D'Ambrosio, who shoulders his opponent, Leao finds himself booked for a relatively limited response.,2

Inter also make a double substitution, with De Vrij first being replaced by D'Ambrosio in the back three.,0

INTER ARE BACK IN IT! Out of nowhere, the Nerazzurri reduce their deficit to one, as Dzeko replicates Giroud's near-post run for Milan's third and slots the ball home off the inside of the post! Just on the pitch, Mkhitaryan releases Darmian down the left, and his low cross is coolly converted by the Bosnian!,1

A difficult day for Bastoni comes to a premature conclusion, as he is withdrawn for Dimarco to take his place.,0

MILAN HAVE THREE! The Rossoneri stretch their lead, as Giroud returns the favour and plays in Leao. There's still plenty to do for the powerful winger, who drives into the box and slots a low angled shot wide of Handanovic's grasp and into the bottom-right corner! Milan 3-1 Inter!,1

GIROUD DOES IT AGAIN! Following his second-half brace in the last league derby, Giroud strikes once more! Pulling across the near post, the veteran striker clips the ball cleverly into the far corner with his left foot from Leao's low cross; leaving Handanovic helpless. Milan lead 2-1!,1

With Correa set to strike a dropping ball on the edge of the box, De Ketelaere barges him over and concedes a free-kick. Despite Milan's protests, he's also shown a yellow card.,2

For bringing down De Ketelaere just a few yards outside the box, Brozovic is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

After catching Skriniar with an aggressive challenge, Giroud is penalised. His subsequent protests earn the Milan striker a booking.,2

MILAN EQUALISE! Leao levels things up in the Derby della Madonnina! The Portuguese forward decides to take a first time strike, after Calhanoglu gives the ball away against his former side and Tonali feeds his team-mate on the left. Handanovic gets a fingertip to it, but it's not enough: 1-1 at San Siro!,1

INTER LEAD! The Nerazzurri strike first! Showing a cool head amid the white-hot furnace of the derby, Brozovic steps clear of Hernandez to slot the ball under Maignan and into the back of the net, following Correa's throughball. That's a tidy finish from the midfield maestro, and Inter go 1-0 up at San Siro!,1

After pushing away Dumfries following a hard-fought 50-50 challenge, Hernandez receives a stern talking-to by the referee and also a yellow card.,2

FRED SEALS IT! Rashford's cross is blocked by Aguerd, but he can't sort his feet out quick enough and Weghorst is there to nick it off him. He bundles it back to Fred on the edge of the box, and he fires it past Areola and into the back of the net to make sure of the win. 3-1 United!,1

Ten Hag wants to see out the win in the last few minutes. Garnacho, who looks to be the match winner, is taken off, with Varane on in his place.,0

GARNACHO SCORES! Fernandes swings a cross into the box and it's a tired clearance by Aguerd straight to Weghorst. The defender recovers well to block his shot though, and it loops back out to Garnacho on the left of the box. He has a quick glance up as he gets it out of his feet before curling it around Johnson and into the far bottom corner. 2-1 United!,1

Paqueta stretches across Garnacho to cut out his run, and he takes the youngster out, resulting in a yellow card.,2

And Antony is the player making way for Rashford, who slots in up front, with Weghorst dropping deep.,0

Ten Hag is making a double change in response to going behind. Lindelof is the first to go off, with Martinez on in his place.,0

BENRAHMA SCORES! United think the ball went out of play, but Soucek kept it inside the line and knocked it onto Emerson down the left. He pulls it back to Benrahma, who has a quick glance up and rifles his shot past De Gea and into the far top corner. A VAR check proved it stayed in, and the goal counts. 1-0 West Ham!,1

There's a change for United at the break. It's McTominay that's going off, with Casemiro on in his place.,0

McTominay is late getting across to Benrahma, and he just sticks out a leg to trip him, resulting in a booking.,2

Maguire clatters into the back of Antonio on the halfway line and catches him late. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2

Roma make a late change as they look to shore up their defence in the final few minutes. Llorente comes on for Lukaku.,0

Pioli makes a change in attack as Milan search for an equaliser, with Pulisic heading to the bench to be replaced by Chukwueze.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-0 ROMA!! From the resulting corner, Dybala delivers a dangerous ball into the box, and Mancini peels away from his marker. He gets up well and glances towards goal, and it flies into the bottom corner, leaving Maignan rooted to the spot! That’s his second goal in the competition this season!,1

Mama has been tireless in midfield for Vannes today and he now gets a rest with Quintin taking his place.,0

Mbappe gets his hat-trick! 4-0! It's another wonderfully crafted goal from PSG. Mbappe slips Ebimbe through with a clever reverse pass and the attacker returns the favour by sliding pass around the goalkeeper and back to Mbappe who slams it into an empty net!,1

MBAPPE! 3-0. It's a brilliant goal from PSG. First Verratti snatches it from Daury, before flicking a clever pass into Simons. The young midfielder threads an elegant pass through to Mbappe who promptly lashes a first-time strike beyond Petrel from 20 yards!,1

And Mbappe makes it 2-0! That should be game over now. Kimpembe releases Mbappe on the break and the attacker finds himself clean through as he enters the Vannes half! Mbappe zooms into the box before curling a shot that Petrel deflects up in the air, only for it to spin forwards and bounce over the line!,1

Mama scurries away from Herrera prompting the midfielder to pull the Vannes man over and earn a yellow card.,2

Ngoubou spins Kimpembe and the PSG defender is forced to haul him over. The referee shows a yellow card.,2

KIMPEMBE! 1-0! PSG take the lead. The opener arrives in a simple manner for the visitors: Mendes swings a corner towards the back post, where Kimpembe moves in unmarked to plant a powerful header across Petrel and in!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DE JONG EQUALISES AT THE DEATH!!!!!!! 2-2!!!! Barcelona snatch a leveller in the final minute of stoppage time as De Jong directs a pinpoint header past Lopez. Traore whips a perfect cross into the middle where De Jong rises above Gomez, directing his header away from the Espanyol keeper into the bottom-right corner. A perfect header.,1

OFF! The red mist descends on Melamed and he goes head to head with Pique and earns his second booking in a matter of seconds. Melamed receives his marching orders. Both teams are down to 10 men.,3

RED CARD! Pique is sent off for going head to head with Melamed, earning his second booking. Madness from the veteran defender.,3

Pedri handed Barca the perfect start, but has been nullified since. He is withdrawn for De Jong for the closing stages.,0

Nico has words with the referee after Pique wins a free-kick. The Barcelona man is booked for dissent.,2

Puado fouls Pique by pulling the shirt of the defender. He goes into the book and Pique launches a few verbals in the direction of the Espanyol forward.,2

Pique goes into the book for catching Puado late in a tussle for the ball. The defender is not happy with the decision.,2

Merida replaces Morlanes in the Espanyol midfield. Moreno will be hopeful that he does need to change any more of his midfielders.,0

GOALLLLL!!! DE TOMAS FIRES ESPANYOL IN FRONT!!!!!!!! 2-1!!!! De Tomas latches on to a ball over the top from Darder and dispatches a clinical strike past Ter Stegen. Darder cuts open the Barcelona defence as Garcia allows De Tomas to drift in behind him. The forward brings the ball down and holds his composure to fire into the bottom-left corner.,1

Aubameyang enters the action in the final third to replace the underwhelming De Jong. It will require a re-shuffle for the visitors.,0

Melamed enters the action to replace Vilhena in the final third. Moreno takes a cautious approach with the forward that was booked minutes ago.,0

Vilhena catches Busquets with a late challenge and goes into the book. Barca have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DARDER EQUALISES WITH A STUNNER!!!!! 1-1!!!!!! Espanyol are back in the game courtesy of a sublime effort from Darder. De Tomas does well in the box as he fends off Araujo and offloads to Darder in space on the edge of the box. The midfielder takes a good first touch before he bends his right-footed strike away from Ter Stegen into the right corner of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! PEDRI HANDS BARCA A PERFECT START!!!!! 1-0!!!! The visitors take the lead with their first attack as Pedri converts at the back post. Alba collects on the left flank and supplies a perfect cross for an unmarked Pedri, who steers his close-range effort past Lopez. A calm finish from the midfielder.,1

Haidara is shown a yellow card for time wasting. He had the ball in his hands and was unwilling to release it.,2

En-Nesyri was a presence in the attack before the break but has been ineffective since the restart. Díaz takes his place in the attack.,0

Fulgini scored Lens' goal and is now coming off after a good performance across the attack. Thomasson is given the rest of the match to make an impression.,0

Mendy has been steady in the midfield and has put in a couple of strong tackles. Diouf takes his place.,0

Sevilla make their first change of the game. It is a straight swap in the midfield, with Soumare replacing Sow.,0

Lamela is also off after a quiet performance on the right side of the attack. Lukebakio takes his place.,0

Mendy beats Gudelj to the ball and pokes it away from the defender, who sticks his leg out and fouls the former Leicester City man. He is then shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM FULGINI! 1-1! Fulgini and Machado are over a free-kick on the edge of the box, but is the latter who takes it. The winger runs towards the ball and curls his effort into the top-right corner. Dmitrovic gets his fingers on it, but he is beaten by the power of the shot.,1

Samba is the third Lens player to be shown a yellow card after complaining to the referee. He is unhappy with a foul in front of him and points to his captain's armband, but it does not save him from going into the book.,2

GOALLL! OCAMPOS SCORES! 1-0 SEVILLA! What a header from the winger! Rakitic curls a dangerous inswinging cross towards Ocampos, who runs towards the ball to get there before Machado. He is facing away from the goal and flicks his header backwards, with it looping over Samba and into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! RASHFORD BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!! 1-0 UNITED!!!! Rashford comes off the bench and unlocks the Wolves defence with a fine run and finish. He cuts in from the left flank and plays a one-two with Fernandes. Rashford still has work to do in the inside-left channel, but he brushes off Jonny before hammering his right-footed strike past Sa.,1

Collins steps in to intercept a pass from Shaw on the halfway line and charges forward from the back. Fred wipes out the defender on the charge and goes into the book.,2

Casemiro brings down Podence with a desperate lunge and goes into the box. Wolves have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

Semedo brings down Garnacho on the charge and goes into the box. Lopetegui is not happy with the decision.,2

Guehi is scythed down by Joelinton as both sides throw caution to the wind in search of a winner. The Newcastle forward is booked for his troubles.,2

Olise has been very impressive for Palace in this match, but he's replaced by their historical star man, Wilfried Zaha.,0

GOOOOOOOALLLLL!!!!! WHAT A FINISH!!!!!!!! A Newcastle corner results in the ball bouncing all over the place, before Wilson acrobatically hooks it towards goal with an overhead kick that beats Guaita and levels us up at 1-1!!! What a finish from the Magpies' striker, and we're all square once again!!!,1

Lascelles is booked for Newcastle after pulling back Olise, and the Magpies' captain can have no complaints.,2

GOOOALLLL!!!! Palace finally take the lead!!! Gallagher does very, very well to keep hold of the ball and spreads it wide to Mitchell. His cross towards Benteke is very inviting and the big Belgian striker nods the ball past Darlow to make it 1-0 to the home side! It's been coming, but finally Palace have their goal and Selhurst Park erupts!,1

Andersen catches the head of Fraser with a very high boot and the Scotland winger is down in a heap. Andersen is given the game's first yellow card as a result.,2

Asano comes off late having picked up a knock a few minutes ago, and he's replaced by Philipp Forster with Bochum looking to see the game out.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!! Bayern pull one back at the death!!! It's Tel's turn to dribble into the area and the forward does so, taking on the defence before shooting, having a shot blocked, and teeing up Kane from the rebound!! The Englishman taps into an empty net, narrowing the scoreline to 3-2 with just minutes left on the clock!,1

Guerreiro is also hauled off late by Thomas Tuchel, and January signing Eric Dier is on to see the game out.,0

The hosts make a late change of their own, with long-throw specialist Antwi-Adjei replaced by Moritz-Broni Kwarteng for the remainder of this contest.,0

A double-change coming for Bayern who stand on the brink of two straight defeats, as young forward Mathys Tel enters the fray in place of Muller for the final stages.,0

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! That might well seal a famous victory for Bochum!!! Stoger steps up from 12 yards with a short run-up, and despite Neuer getting a hand to his low effort, it's not enough to keep the ball out as it nestles in the bottom-right corner!!! 3-1 to the home side with Bayern left reeling, and this is shaping up to be an historic match at the Ruhrstadion!,1

RED CARD!!! Things go from bad to worse for Bayern!! Upamecano is shown a second yellow card following that foul on Schlotterbeck, leaving the Bavarians down to 10 men as they chase what could soon be a two-goal deficit!,3

Recent loan signing Bryan Zaragoza also enters the fray for his debut, replacing Kimmich in Bayern's midfield alongside Goretzka.,0

Bayern make their first changes of the second half, with Leroy Sane replacing Choupo-Moting in the visitors' front four as they continue to chase a way back into this game.,0

Bochum look to counter as Antwi-Adjei flicks a forward ball into the path of Broschinski. The striker nudges it past Kim but is tripped and taken over the sideline, in a challenge that results in a free-kick and yellow card for the Bayern Munich defender.,2

Goretzka shoves an off-balance Bernardo over the touchline and kicks the ball away to prevent the quick throw, and the combination of those two successive fouls results in a yellow card for the Bayern midfielder.,2

Bochum make a half-time alteration at right-back, with Oermann replaced by Cristian Gamboa for the second period.,0

Musiala skips past two before cutting inside to pass from the edge of the box. Losilla's long committed to a sliding challenge though, and clips the Bayern goalscorer very late indeed to earn himself a yellow card!,2

Bernardo follows Muller into midfield and drags him down from behind, before being met with a textbook yellow card by the referee.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Bochum go back-to-back!!! Stoger's corner is met flush by Schlotterbeck on the front post, whose glancing header deceives Neuer and flies straight into the back of the net!! A late first-half turnaround from the hosts, who lead 2-1 heading into injury time!,1

Upamecano loses out to Antwi-Adjei on the far touchline and shunts the Ghanaian into touch well after he's released the ball, being shown a yellow card for that needless challenge that leaves Bayern on the back foot once more.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! Bochum draw level on the scoreboard!! They win possession on halfway and Asano quickly moves the ball into Losilla's path. The Japan forward continues his run and collects the return ball in the box, taking one touch before smashing a well-struck shot into the bottom-left corner!! The hosts use that long break to their advantage, and it's 1-1 with some lengthy half-time injury time looming!,1

Bayern use the stoppage in play to make a rare first-half substitution, with Mazraoui coming off having picked up a knock to be replaced by Dayot Upamecano.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Bayern strike early in Bochum!!! The hosts repel another corner, but Bayern recycle possession quickly and it comes to Musiala on the right. He dribbles inside and has an initial shot blocked, but Goretzka picks up the pieces, finds the playmaker once more, and Musiala only needs one touch before rifling the ball into the roof of the net!!! 1-0 to the visitors, and that's exactly the response Die Roten needed after last week's loss at Leverkusen!,1

Di Maria has scored the three goals that have seen Juventus progress and is now coming off. Compartiot Paredes will play the final eight minutes.,0

Kostic hit the post in the first half but has not come close to scoring since. Iling-Junior is given the final few minutes to make an impression.,0

With the win confirmed, Allegri makes two substitutions. The first comes at centre-back with veteran Bonucci replacing Danilo.,0

GOALLLL! HAT-TRICK FOR DI MARIA! 3-0 JUVENTUS! Sandro and Rabiot play a one-two with the left-back having his shot blocked by Lafont. It comes out to Vlahovic who crosses it towards Di Maria, with the winger heading it just over the line. Lafont pushes it away, but the goal stands after the referee checks his watch.,1

Fifth and final change for Nantes with Kombouare throwing the dice for one final time. Mollet is replaced by Guessand.,0

Mohamed has scored two goals in the Europa League and is now being introduced for the final 17 minutes. Simon comes off.,0

Juventus make their first change. After struggling to make an impact in the attack, Kean is replaced by Vlahovic.,0

Nantes make two changes at half-time. The first comes in the midfield, with former Newcastle United man Sissoko now off the pitch. Moutoussamy. replaces him.,0

Nantes also make a switch in the attack. Delort, who was quiet in the first 45 minutes, comes off for Ganago.,0

Nantes make a substitution after receiving a red card. Midfielder Chirivella is off with Traore taking his place.,0

GOALLLLL! DI MARIA SCORES AGAIN! 2-0 JUVENTUS! What a penalty from Di Maria. Sending the goalkeeper the wrong way, the Argentine slams the ball into the top corner and puts Juventus in control.,1

RED CARD! Nantes are down to 10 men. On the line, Pallois slides to the ground, blocking Di Maria's goal-bound effort with his hand. The referee gives a penalty and Pallois a red card. It looked accidental from the centre-back.,3

GOALLLLLL! A MOMENT OF QUALITY FROM DI MARIA! Out of nothing, Juventus have the lead. Castelletto forfeits possession with Fagioli making the most of a loose touch. He plays a short pass to Di Maria on the edge of the box who curls the ball into the top corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ALONSO FIRES CHELSEA AHEAD!!! 1-0!! The Spaniard drives with his left foot towards goal and his effort has enough power to creep through the grasp of Dubravka into the net. Pulisic starts the attack with a driving run into the right inside channel before pulling back a cross into the middle. Hudson-Odoi helps it on to Alonso, who does the rest with a neat finish.,1

Kovacic replaces Barkley, who limps his way off the field. He suffered a knock early on and has not managed to recover.,0

There it is - Ramsey walks off to a decent reception from the Arsenal fans. Ozil replaces him behind Lacazette.,0

Kouyate went down holding his knee and Palace aren't taking any chances as they bring on Kelly to replace him.,0

It's a poor challenge from Milner to take out Schlupp from behind and he has his name taken by the referee.,2

Riedewald slides in and gets to the ball, but he also catches Thiago on the follow-through which earns him a yellow card.,2

Wijnaldum goes off to a standing ovation and a warm reception from the fans in what is likely his last appearance for the club. Milner is on in his place.,0

MANE SCORES! The Palace defenders are drawn to Salah and the ball, leaving Mane in so much space just outside the box. It's squared across to him and he has time to take a touch before drilling it into the bottom corner. You can see the relief of Klopp and the fans as it hits the back of the net. 2-0 Liverpool! ,1

The frustration boils over for Ayew after he's brought down by Alexander-Arnold and he pushes into the right-back which earns him a booking.,2

Tomkins slowly makes his way off the field, still holding his hamstring, and it's Schlupp that comes on to replace him.,0

LIVERPOOL LEAD! Again, Palace are all over the place as Robertson swings the corner in and it's flicked on at the near post. Firmino can't control it but Mane quickly latches onto the loose ball and pokes it past Guaita and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool! ,1

Bamford kicked the ball away in frustration after Leeds weren't awarded a free-kick for a challenge on Costa and he's booked for dissent.,2

Roberts pokes the ball away and Maguire crashes into him after he's played the pass and he's booked for the challenge.,2

Leeds' corner is cleared by Shaw and Rashford latches onto the loose ball and tries to break quickly on the counter. Alioski blocks his run and is shown a yellow card.,2

Roberts' pass is intercepted and he tries to make up for it by getting back, but he's late on Greenwood which earns him a yellow card.,2

It was a late challenge from Ayling on Rashford as he took out the forward and it earns him the first booking of the game.,2

There will be no fairytale for Zaha against his former club here. The ex-United winger makes way for Demirbay, despite seemingly getting the better of Dalot in the last few minutes.,0

Ziyech, with two free-kick goals and an assist in this game, makes way for Yilmaz. Buruk has opted for fresh legs to cover the marauding Shaw and Pellistri down the left-hand side.,0

Garnacho scored his first Champions League goal to open the scoring here, and that feels like an age ago. The winger comes off for Pellistri.,0

WHAT A STRIKEEEEEEEEEEEEE! GALATASARAY ARE LEVEL IN ISTANBUL! The hosts roar back into this game as Akturkoglu provides a moment of magic. The substitute brings down Ziyech’s right-wing pass with a great piece of skill on the edge of the area before smashing a brilliant right-footed curling strike into the roof of the net. Onana is left stranded and it is 3-3 in this thrilling Group A game!,1

Wan-Bissaka joins the growing list of names in the book after hacking Zaha down with a lunging sliding tackle. United will not want to defend another wide free-kick after what has happened with Ziyech versus Onana on the last two chances.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! ZIYECH CATCHES ONANA OUT AGAIN! Almost a copy of the first-half goal, Galatasaray pull another one back to make it 3-2 in Istanbul. Ziyech stands over the right-sided wide free-kick and whips a left-footed strike towards the bottom-left corner. Onana appears to see it all the way but spills a terrible save into his own net. The Chelsea loanee has two goals, both of similar nature, and it is game on!,1

Akturkoglu was a thorn in United's side in the reverse fixture at Old Trafford. He is brought on for the experienced Mertens, who again offered little for Buruk's men.,0

Oliveira replaces former Tottenham midfielder Ndombele, who struggled to impose himself in this game.,0

Shaw smashes into Ziyech with a firm challenge and is shown a yellow card. That could be for stopping the counter-attack, or the heavy nature of the tackle.,2

Hojlund has caused all sorts of problems with his pace against the Galatasaray defence. Martial, who scored on Sunday at Goodison Park, is introduced up top for the Danish attacker.,0

A huge vote of confidence from Ten Hag. After impressing on his first Premier League start against Everton, 18-year-old Mainoo comes on for Amrabat.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! UNITED LEAD 3-1! The Galatasaray crowd are silenced once more as the Red Devils strike a huge blow on the counter-attack. Wan-Bissaka overlaps Antony down the right-hand side before delivering a pinpoint low cross towards the near post. McTominay slides in front of Ayhan and rolls a fine left-footed finish into the bottom-right corner. What a goal to send Ten Hag’s side back into control!,1

Ayhan is shown a yellow card for dissent towards the referee after Garnacho curls wide with a right-footed strike. The centre-back appeared aggrieved with Hojlund's fair aerial duel with Boey, who again lunged in needlessly.,2

Amrabat is the next to be cautioned after a late hook through the back of the lunging Torreira. The United midfielder must be careful now.,2

Boey is punished for his third foul of the first half on Garnacho. The Galatasaray full-back goes into the book just before half-time.,2

GOOOOOOOOALLLL! GALATASARAY PULL ONE BACK! Fernandes’ foul on Torreira offers the hosts a chance from a free-kick. Ziyech stands over the opportunity, just to the right of the area and around 25 yards from goal. The Chelsea loanee whips a low left-footed strike to the right of the wall and Onana somehow fails to stop what was far from a thunderous effort. The United goalkeeper can only watch as the ball nestles in the bottom-left corner and the visitors’ lead is cut to 2-1!,1

Fernandes bursts from one end of the pitch to the other on the cover. The United captain eventually fells the onrushing Torreira, though, and goes into the referee's book with the first yellow card of the game.,2

WHAT A GOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL! UNITED DOUBLE THEIR LEAD WITH A SENSATIONAL GOAL! Captain fantastic Fernandes delivers once again. Shaw plays a smart pass inside from the left-hand touchline to Fernandes, who powers towards the edge of the area. The Red Devils captain then curls a beauty of a right-footed finish into the top-left corner. Muslera has no chance and the visitors lead 2-0 inside 20 minutes!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! UNITED SILENCE THE HOME CROWD! After his remarkable finish against Everton, Garnacho fires the Red Devils into a 1-0 lead in Istanbul with his first Champions League goal. McTominay marauds down the right flank before playing inside to Antony, whose pass to Hojlund bounces out to Fernandes. The Portugal international plays it through the legs of Boey to Garnacho, who takes a touch to the left of goal before hammering a left-footed finish into the roof of the net!,1

GOOOAAALLL! Suarez with his second goal of the night and Barcelona lead 2-1! They've finally managed to get another goal and that might be enough to wrap up the victory for the hosts. Superb move by Barca, a quick break forward, with Messi showing great skill to skip past a couple of Inter defenders, before playing it off to Suarez, who just curls the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

Third and final Inter substitution now, with Sensi the man coming off and he has been replaced by Politano.,0

Despite being on the bench now, Sanchez has just been shown a yellow card for disagreeing with a decision and making his voice heard to the fourth official.,2

Another yellow card is shown by the referee, this time it's to Vidal for his late challenge on Barella.,2

Barca make their second change of the game, with Griezmann coming off and he has been replaced by Dembele.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Barcelona have their equaliser, it's 1-1! It's a terrific volley by Suarez after Vidal picks him out with a cross at the far post, just on the edge of the box. The striker turns and drills the ball into the ground, sending it into the far right-hand corner, out of the reach of Handanovic. What a goal!,1

Barca haven't waited long to make their first substitution, with Busquets coming off and he is replaced by Vidal.,0

Sergi Roberto is booked after he brings down Candreva, as the Inter winger looked to break on the counter.,2

Another yellow card, this time it is shown to Pique after he dives into a challenge with Barella and despite the Barca centre-back's protests, a free-kick is given and card shown.,2

Griezmann is the first Barcelona player to be booked after his poor challenge on Barella, trying to stop the quick Inter attack.,2

Early yellow card here for Barella, he tries to get to the ball before Busquets, but the Barca midfielder just gets to it first and the Inter man catches him late.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Inter take the lead early on, it's 1-0! Sanchez with a quick ball in between the Barca defence to Martinez, who manages to hold off the challenge of Lenglet and then slide the ball into the bottom right-hand corner past Ter Stegen, who had no chance of saving that, it was perfectly placed in the corner.,1

Unfortunately, Hudson-Odoi signals to the bench that he is unable to continue. Helped from the field by a member of Forest's medical team, he is replaced by debutant Ribeiro.,0

Neto races out of goal to question the decision to send Billing off. The Bournemouth skipper is booked for his troubles.,2

RED CARD FOR BILLING! Bournemouth are down to 10 men. With Hudson-Odoi threatening to race away on the counter, Billing looks to stop him in his tracks and stamps down on the back of the Forest winger's Achilles. Although the contact appeared to be accidental, it was dangerous and the referee shows him a straight red card.,3

After Kluivert pushes him to the ground, Omobamidele is unhappy not to see a second yellow card shown to the Bournemouth midfielder. His frustration sees the Forest defender receive one himself.,2

The hosts make a change at the break. Semenyo, who was struggling towards the end of the first half, makes way for Tavernier.,0

HUDSON-ODOI!!! 1-1! FOREST ARE LEVEL! The visitors hit back just before the break. After a free-kick is cleared, the ball breaks kindly for Hudson-Odoi, who skips inside before bending a 20-yard shot into the bottom-right corner.,1

Frustrated at not being awarded a free-kick after tangling with Yates, Kluivert then makes a silly challenge on Elanga and has his name taken.,2

Senesi is very late with his sliding challenge on Hudson-Odoi. The Bournemouth defender can have no complaints as he goes into the book.,2

GOAL!!! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! What a start by the hosts! They take the lead after just five minutes. Cook's inswinging corner is glanced on by Sinisterra. Kluivert goes in at the far post to make sure, though it is unclear whether or not he touched the ball before it crossed the line. Either way, the Cherries are in front.,1

GOALLLLLLL!!!!! BARCELONA HAVE FIVE!!! DEMBELE CONVERTS!!! Messi runs at the heart of the Lyon defence before sliding a pass to an unmarked Dembele in the left inside channel. The Frenchman drills his effort low and hard at goal. Gorgelin gets a hand to the ball, but once again he fails to keep it out as it trickles into the bottom corner. The Catalan club have been clinical in the last 10 minutes.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! PIQUE MAKES IT FOUR!! BARCELONA ARE GOING THROUGH!! Messi ensures that his side are advancing to the quarter-finals with a sublime run and cross for Pique to tap home. The Argentine raided on a counter down the right flank before picking out Pique on the charge unmarked at the back post. The defender could not miss and he slotted his strike into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MESSI SCORES A SUBLIME EFFORT!!!! BARCELONA 3-1!!! Messi all but ends the tie as he singlehandedly opens up the Lyon defence before firing his effort through Gorgelin. He made a surge through the middle before turning Denayer and Marcelo inside and out. The Argentine fired at goal on his right foot, and although his strike was half-stopped by the Lyon keeper, it was not a strong enough hand to prevent the ball trickling into the net.,1

Dembele replaces Coutinho for the home side. He will provide an out ball down the left flank for counters.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TOUSART GETS LYON BACK IN THE GAME!!! 2-1!!! Ter Stegen does not cover himself in glory as he comes off his line from a Depay cross. Marcelo beats Lenglet in the air and heads the ball back across the face of goal. Tousart gathers the ball after a scramble before firing a low effort into the bottom corner with Ter Stegen stranded. A composed finish from the midfielder. Game on.,1

Lopes will have to make way for the visitors. He leaves the field in tears as Gorgelin replaces him between the sticks.,0

Marcal goes into the book for catching Messi with a stray arm on the right flank as the forward tries to burst into the box.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! COUTINHO TAPS HOME!!! BARCELONA 2-0!!! The home side extend their lead as Arthur threads the needle to release Suarez. He takes a touch to break away from Marcal before sliding the ball across to Coutinho, who has an open goal to dispatch his effort into the net. The Brazilian could not miss.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI SCORES!!!! BARCELONA 1-0!! Messi scores from 12 yards with a sublime chip. He goes for the panenka as Lopes commits himself, lifting the ball down the middle of the goal into the back of the net. Very cheeky from the Barcelona man, but he's delivered to give his side the lead.,1

GOALLLL! LUKAKU WITH A BRACE! 4-2 INTER! That is a vital goal for Inter as Sassuolo were putting on the pressure. Brozovic slides a throughball down the left side of the box, with Lukaku racing onto the end of it. He has time to pick his spot and drives his effort across the goal and into the bottom corner from a narrow-angle.,1

The referee shows a yellow card to Brozovic after the Croatia international makes a late slide tackle on Berardi. The free-kick is in a crossing position.,2

Inter are looking to slow down the game and add some experience to their defence. Darmian replaces Bellanova.,0

GOALLLL! SASSUOLO SCORE AGAIN! 3-2! Inter concede another goal from a cross. Frattesi rushes into the middle of the box and away from Asllani to get on the end of Rogério's cross before planting his header into the bottom corner.,1

Ruan has scored an own goal, as well as have the last touch on the ball before Martinez's shot found the back of the net and is now coming off. Ferrari takes his place.,0

GOALLLL! SASSUOLO GET ONE BACK! 3-1! Berardi has possession on the right of the box before curling a cross towards Henrique with his left boot. The midfielder escapes his marker and powers a header into the bottom corner.,1

Inter are comfortable in the game and are now making changes with the Champions League in their mind. Mkhitaryan, one of three players to keep their place from the last game, is replaced in the midfield by Asllani.,0

Dimarco also started the first leg of the Champions League semi-final and is now on his way off. Gosens is on.,0

GOALLLL! MARTINEZ SCORES! 3-0 INTER! What an impact of the bench for Martinez but another moment to forget for Ruan. The striker drives inside from the right before powering a low cross goal-bound. However, it deflects off Ruan on the way through and loops over Consigli. That's his 20th Serie A goal of the season, more than any other Inter player.,1

Sassuolo make two changes. Lauriente started instead of Bajrami on the left wing but is now being replaced by the 24-year-old.,0

GOALLLL! LUKAKU SCORES! 1-0 INTER! What a strike from Lukaku. He receives a pass from D'Ambrosio and holds off Ruan, who tries to get the ball. The striker then twists to his left outside the box before lashing a shot into the top corner.,1

The first yellow card of the game goes to Defrel after he blocks the path of Mkhitaryan on the halfway line after the Inter man had flicked a pass to the right.,2

Once more out-thought by Olise near the touchline, Robinson this time clips his man and is booked by the referee.,2

Receiving his 13th yellow card of the season, Palhinha chops down Ayew with a rugged challenge from the side.,2

PALACE PULL LEVEL! Following Olise's cross from the left, Fulham fail to clear the ball inside their penalty area, and when it drops to Ward on the edge of the six-yard box, the defender is denied by Leno but then stabs it home at the second attempt! It's 2-2 now, and that throws this game wide open with less than 10 minutes left on the clock!,1

Fulham make a double change, as they turn to fresh legs to see them over the line. First, Solomon replaces captain Cairney.,0

Becoming the first player booked by the referee today, Tosin is shown a yellow card - apparently for time-wasting.,2

MITRO STRIKES AGAIN! Thundering an explosive header into the back of the net, Mitrovic puts Fulham in front: it's 2-1 to the Cottagers! Willian's free-kick from the right picks out the striker's surging run, and unopposed, he steers the ball into the bottom-right corner!,1

FULHAM EQUALISE! With almost the final kick of the first half, Mitrovic slams his penalty into the top-left corner with power and precision - it'll be 1-1 at the break! What a bonus for the home side, who seemed set to trail at half-time.,1

PALACE LEAD! Another sharp counter-attack sees the Eagles soar ahead! Eze carries the ball through the middle of the pitch following a Fulham corner, then slips through Edouard. The Palace striker then thumps his shot unerringly into the top-left corner, leaving Leno well beaten! It's 1-0 to the visitors!,1

La Real make a late change with Oyarzabal leaving the pitch. Cho is on to replace him in the final few minutes of the game.,0

Schmidt rolls the dice as he brings on an attacking option hoping to rescue something from this game. Chiquinho comes on to replace Bah.,0

Merino is the latest player to receive a yellow after a late challenge on Neves in the middle of the pitch.,2

Just a matter of seconds after coming off the bench, Elustondo goes into the referee's book for a foul on Gouveia.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!!! 1-0 REAL SOCIEDAD!! Merino swivels on the ball and sprays a pass out wide to Barrenetxea on the left-hand side. The La Real winger takes on Bah and cuts it back to Mendez who found himself in space in the box, and he powers home leaving Trubin with no chance. The Spanish side open the scoring in Lisbon!,1

Benfica make their third change of the game as Bernat comes on in place of Jurasek and slots in at left-back.,0

Cresswell is off in another late West Ham change, with the industrious left-back's berth taken by Emerson.,0

Antonio also comes off having been exceptional in every department for the Hammers, and academy product Johnson is on to further boost their defensive stocks.,0

Moyes makes two late changes for the hosts, with Downes replacing the ever-impressive Paqueta for the last few moments of this game.,0

Malacia also comes off for the visitors, and Fred is introduced in a change that will likely see a late switch to a more attacking formation as the Red Devils chase the game.,0

Wan-Bissaka comes off for United despite appearing to have shaken off that head knock, and Diogo Dalot will replace the right-back for the last few minutes.,0

West Ham make their first change of the match, as the sole goalscorer Benrahma is withdrawn for Fornals to see out proceedings.,0

Antony also comes off having been anonymous in this half compared to the first, and Sancho will replace the Brazilian for the final stages of this game.,0

Ten Hag makes further changes for United, as Eriksen is replaced in midfield by January signing Sabitzer.,0

A glorious turn from Antonio allows the Jamaica forward to leave two United players in the dust. He charges over halfway and into open space, before being cut down from behind by Wan-Bissaka, who picks up the most textbook of yellow cards you'll ever see.,2

Weghorst comes off in the first of Erik ten Hag's changes, and Martial will come on to lead the line for United.,0

Malacia shoves Bowen to the floor and catches the back of his calf on the way down, warranting the first booking of this game from the referee.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! A hammer blow from the home side!!! Shaw is bullied off the ball by Antonio and Benrahma is the beneficiary. He drives towards the box and shoots early from 20 yards, but the effort catches a back-tracking De Gea off-guard. The goalkeeper dives to save and gets a hand on the ball, but can only push it into the bottom corner to gift West Ham a 1-0 lead! A massive error from a distraught De Gea, but the home fans are ecstatic all the same.,1

Giroud makes way for Abraham after putting in a crafty performance that was capped off by the Frenchman grabbing Chelsea's second goal.,0

CHELSEA SCORE AGAIN! 2-1! Giroud makes it two in quick succession! The away side push forward eagerly after equalising and work a wonderful move that culminates with Azpilicueta squaring a pass to Giroud, who takes a touch before lashing a deflected shot beyond Nyland from 12 yards!,1

CHELSEA EQUALISE! 1-1! The away side were making constant inroads down the right and it's paid off! Azpilicueta finds himself in space once more near the byline and this time he swings in a perfect cross that whips past Mings and towards Pulisic, who crashes it into the net from close range,1

Davis is replaced by Samatta after a tireless display where he was often isolated on his own up top. ,0

ASTON VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Well, it's against the run of play, but the hosts won't mind that at all! Villa win a free-kick that they work short, before Douglas Luiz chips in an inviting cross that Hause bundles beyond Kepa and into the net at the second attempt!,1

Not for the first time in his career, Hernandez hares off down the left flank on a counter-attack and finds himself mowed down by a desperate hack. Jovic is the guilty party this time, and sees yellow as a result.,2

An expected change by Italiano: Cabral's shift is over, as Jovic slots in up front for the final stages of this finely-balanced game.,0

For a mistimed challenge on Krunic, who was sprinting onto a loose ball in midfield, Mandragora becomes the third Fiorentina player yellow-carded today.,2

Thiaw is also replaced, as Dest comes on. That will require something of a defensive reshuffle for Milan.,0

Booked in the first half, Diaz is the first man withdrawn by Milan; Origi will partner Giroud up front.,0

Trying, but failing, to halt a Milan counter-attack with a crude foul on Diaz in the centre circle, Saponara is ultimately booked by the referee.,2

For a clear pull on Hernandez's shirt in midfield, Barak is booked; receiving Fiorentina's first yellow card.,2

FIORENTINA EQUALISE! Only on the pitch due to a pre-match injury for Bonaventura, Barak pulls the Viola level with a low shot from 10 yards out, which deflects heavily off Thiaw and leaves Tatarusanu well beaten! It came after a messy spell in the Milan box, at the end of which, Ikone bundled the ball towards the Czech midfielder. It's now 1-1, and no less than Fiorentina deserve.,1

A ridiculously rash pull on Saponara by Diaz in the centre circle results in a deserved yellow card for the latter. He may regret that decision later on.,2

MILAN LEAD! Capitalising on incessant pressure from almost the very first whistle, Milan go ahead early on! After Giroud flicks a ball around the corner, around 30 yards out from goal, Leao picks it up without breaking stride and surges into a shooting position, just inside the box. He picks his spot and calmly guides the ball into the bottom-right corner! It's 1-0 to the Rossoneri!,1

Lovato is on for Daniliuc, with the latter making his departure with what looks to be a slight knock.,0

GOAL! SALERNITANA EQUALISE! 1-1! Put the party on hold, the visitors have spoiled the parade for Napoli! It's a spectacular solo effort from Dia, who steps in off the right flank, beats the defence and curls it around Meret!,1

Now Daniliuc is booked, with the defender seeing yellow too. The referee is getting a little liberal with his cards.,2

GOAL! NAPOLI HAVE THEIR LEAD! 1-0! Is that the goal that clinches the Scudetto? From a corner, Olivera sticks up a header in the middle of the box and drags it past Ochoa at the left post. Lift-off inside Stadio Diego Armando Maradona.,1

The first booking of the game, and it goes against Zielinski for a wild lunge of a challenge just outside his own box.,2

Terzic opts to withdraw Dortmund's first goalscorer Fullkrug. Fellow Germany international Moukoko takes his place up front.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! BRANDT SCORES FROM A LIGHTNING BREAK! Trippier sees his low delivery cleared at the near post and Dortmund turn defence into attack in the blink of an eye. Adeyemi finds Brandt, who opts against offloading the ball to his right in a two-on-one situation, beating Livramento on the outside before drilling into the bottom-right corner. Dortmund lead 2-0, and they are closing in on a huge victory!,1

Howe has turned to his bench at the break in a bid to change the game. Almiron is on for Hall, who picked up a yellow card early on.,0

Perhaps more surprisingly, Wilson is withdrawn. Gordon takes his place up front, having scored the winner against Arsenal from that position on Saturday.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLL! FULLKRUG PUTS DORTMUND AHEAD! The hosts' pressure finally tells as Fullkrug opens the scoring! Nmecha is involved in the build-up, with his pass deflecting into the air on the edge of the box, allowing Fullkrug to nod it into Sabitzer's path. The former Manchester United loanee escapes his marker to drill a low cross into the six-yard box, and Fullkrug is there to steer it beyond Pope. 1-0!,1

Hall receives the first yellow card of the game after hauling Fullkrug down inside the Newcastle half. The visitors looked short at the back as Dortmund attempted to break, so the young left-back took one for his team.,2

Lookman gives the ball away and ends up clipping Wan-Bissaka's heels in his attempts to win it back and is shown a yellow card.,2

BRYAN EQUALISES! De Cordova-Reid whips a great cross into the far post where Bryan is waiting unmarked and the United defenders don't see him until it's too late. He nods the cross into the ground and De Gea can't get there in time to stop it from crossing the line. There's a VAR check for offside, but it will stand! 1-1! ,1

Fulham are making a change as well as Parker takes off Carvalho and brings on Loftus-Cheek in his place.,0

United are making their first change of the game now and it's McTominay that's making way for Rashford.,0

McTominay makes a brilliant driving run through Fulham's half and Lemina sticks out a leg to trip him which earns him a yellow card.,2

Fernandes is shown the first yellow card of the game after clipping the back of Lookman's heels when trying to stop the counter-attack.,2

CAVANI SCORES! De Gea's clearance is flicked on by Fernandes to Cavani and he latches onto the ball just inside Fulham's half. The defenders aren't anywhere near him and he takes the shot early after spotting Areola off his line. He chips it over Areola and into the back of the net. 1-0 United!,1

Felix is withdrawn from the contest for Llorente. Atletico are adjusting their shape for the final 20 minutes.,0

Varane stands on Felix's heel in his attempt to win possession. The referee brandishes the yellow card against the Frenchman.,2

Modric replaces Valverde for the visitors. The veteran midfielder might be able to conjure a moment of magic.,0

Late Newcastle substitution to run down the clock, Perez comes off and he has been replaced by Manquillo.,0

Newcastle make their first change, with Atsu making his way off the pitch and he has been replaced by Kenedy.,0

Newcastle make their third and final substitution, with Danilo coming off and he has been replaced by Gundogan.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Ritchie converts the penalty and Newcastle lead 2-1! What a turnaround by the home side. The wing-back fires the ball past Ederson, the keeper did get a touch on the ball but there was too much power on it and he can't stop it from heading into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Newcastle are level, Rondon with the goal to make it 1-1! The striker has barely touched the ball in the City penalty area, but he grasped this chance with both hands. Rondon gets in front of Stones, watches the ball come down over his shoulder after Hayden's deep header into the area, then volleys the ball past Ederson, who couldn't do anything to stop it.,1

Man City make their first substitution of the game, with De Bruyne coming off the pitch, perhaps to avoid a second booking. Bernardo Silva is his replacement.,0

Perez is the first Newcastle player to be shown a yellow card, after he kicks the ball away in frustration following Schar's tackle that leads to a City free-kick.,2

Sterling is the second City player to be shown a yellow card, after he brings Longstaff down. A needless challenge to make.,2

De Bruyne is shown a yellow card for taking the free-kick quickly that led to the disallowed goal by Aguero.,2

GOOOAAALLL! What a start, Man City lead 1-0 after just 25 seconds! Aguero fires the ball home from close range after David Silva heads the ball back across the six-yard box, following a fast kick-off and ball up to Sterling, who caught out the hosts. Dubravka goes to meet the cross, but David Silva gets their first and Aguero then just had an open net to fire the ball into.,1

Bayern overcommit upfield and Upamecano takes out Szoboszlai once the Hungarian beats him. Leipzig are furious to see the referee show the Frenchman a yellow card instead of a red one.,2

Goretzka's booked in the aftermath of the goal for dissent. Bayern think Silva fouled Kimmich. He didn't.,2

GOAL! RB LEIPZIG 1-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Halstenberg equalises for Leipzig! Silva outmuscles Kimmich to find a cross from the right of the box. Szoboszlai nods it back across goal for the left-back, who converts the ball past Sommer!,1

GOAL! RB LEIPZIG 0-1 BAYERN MUNICH! Bayern go straight forward and score from the goal-kick! Choupo-Moting darts onto Gnabry's far post cross to steer the ball past Blaswich from very close range.,1

GOAL!!! BESIKTAS HAVE ONE BACK!!! Pjanic delivers a terrific free-kick into the box and Montero attacks it with conviction, thumping a header beyond Kobel! It's 2-1 now! Can Besiktas find an equaliser?,1

Rose brings Haaland off with just a few minutes or normal time left to play as Knauff comes on to replace him.,0

Moukoko darts into the box and shifts past a defender before going to ground. It's difficult to tell how much contact there was, but the referee's yellow card is out in a flash and the teenager is booked for simulation.,2

Hutchinson is replaced after being booked, with Ucan coming on to take the veteran's spot in midfield.,0

Hutchinson goes into the book now for catching Dahoud twice as the midfielder drove forward to lead a counter-attack. The midfielder stays down and is in need of some treatment.,2

Malen is the third man to leave the field, with 16-year-old striker Moukoko coming on to make his Champions League debut.,0

The second substitution sees Hummels afforded a rest, with Pongracic taking his place at centre-back.,0

Rose makes a triple-change now, with the first alteration seeing Bellingham coming off for Wolf in midfield.,0

Yalcin makes his first change of the evening, replacing Larin with Karaman as he looks to get his side back into the game.,0

Meunier swings his boot at a ball dropping over his shoulder and catches N'Sakala, earning himself a yellow card.,2

GOAL!!! IT'S 2-0 TO DORTMUND!!! Bellingham is found in the box from a throw-in on the left and dances past one challenge before squaring to Haaland, who tucks the ball away from six yards out! ,1

Montero joins his centre-back partner in being booked for a foul on Haaland. The free-kick is in a dangerous position just outside the box and to the right of goal.,2

Welinton earns himself a yellow card for bringing Haaland down as the Dortmud striker charged towards the box with men in support of him.,2

GOAL!!! BELLINGHAM OPENS THE SCORING!!! Meunier is found on the right and plays a cushioned cross on the volley into Bellingham, who had made a clever run into the box. The teenager takes one touch before firing confidently through Destanoglu's legs from an acute angle and in! It's 1-0 to Dortmund!,1

Nunez adds a booking to his two goals after barging through the back of Moore. The Liverpool striker protests his innocence but referee Madley will not be fooled by his appeals.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 4-0 LIVERPOOL! The Reds are well and truly on a roll as Nunez becomes the second forward for the away side to grab a brace. Mac Allister clips out to the right for Gomez, whose well-weighted delivery finds Nunez at the back post. The Uruguay forward throws himself at the ball, diverting a first-time left-footed finish in off the right post. What a game for Klopp’s men.,1

Bradley comes off after a remarkable first start in the league. Fellow youngster Beck is the man to replace the right-back.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 3-0 TO THE REDS! That is the three points secured for Liverpool as Jota doubles his account and extends the visitors’ lead further. Nunez bursts down the left flank before his cross flashes across goal and away to the right-hand side. Bradley recycles possession before his low delivery finds Jota, who wildly swings at a first effort before a fortuitous rebound falls back for the Liverpool forward to drive a right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! LIVERPOOL MAKE IT 2-0! The Reds have dominated the second half and their reward arrives as the away side double their lead. Nunez does well up top to hold off the challenge of Zabarnyi, before Gakpo picks up the loose ball and drives forward. The Netherlands international rolls a delicate pass to his right for Jota, who crashes a first-time right-footed strike in off the near post and past Neto from the right of the area.,1

Iraola rolls the dice once more as the Bournemouth manager sends on Brooks for Kluivert, who went close earlier in this half with a blocked shot from a left-sided corner. The Wales winger comes on for his 150th senior appearance.,0

Bradley joins Cook in the book after catching Scott with a stray arm in the face near the left-hand touchline. The Liverpool right-back was far too late to be making that sort of tackle.,2

The second of the two changes sees Gravenberch introduced for Elliott, who has again buzzed around the midfield and offered some much-needed defensive support for young team-mate Bradley.,0

Klopp uses a stoppage to make a double change, bringing off Diaz on his 50th appearance in the Premier League for Gakpo.,0

Liverpool are far from happy with Cook, who clips the heels of Bradley from behind before following through to catch the right-back. The Bournemouth midfielder becomes the first caution of the game.,2

Another exciting young talent comes on for the hosts as Scott replaces Sinisterra, likely signalling a move further up the pitch for Christie or a change of formation from Iraola.,0

Kelly returns to action for Bournemouth after missing the last seven games. The defender replaces the impressive Hill.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! A huge moment for the Reds, who open the scoring just minutes into the second half. A lovely passing move from the visitors sees Jota find space on the right-hand side from Jones' offload before the Portugal attacker rolls a pass through for Nunez with his first touch. The Uruguay forward strides into the area before sliding a first-time, right-footed finish into the bottom-right corner, leaving Neto with no chance.,1

GOAL!! LACAZETTE EQUALISES AGAIN!! Martinelli beats his man down the left and crosses to the back post. It's deflected but falls kindly for Lacazette, who steers home! It's 2-2!,1

Right-back Bellerín also makes way for Martinelli, with Sokratis, David Luiz and Tierney forced into a makeshift back three.,0

Emery uses his final two substitutions at once as he tries to improve things. Torreira is replaced by Willock in the first alteration.,0

Bertrand is booked for time-wasting over a throw-in. That's the seventh yellow card of the afternoon.,2

GOAL!! Ward-Prowse makes it 2-1 to Southampton! His inital spot-kick is saved but Leno can only parry back across goal and the midfielder can smash into an empty net!,1

Lacazette gives the ball away sloppily when trying to link up with Guendouzi in midfield and sprints back to make amends, but only succeeds in earning himself a yellow card as he slides to bring Armstrong down.,2

Ings is the latest player to go into the book, clattering into Guendouzi off the ball. There's plenty of fire in this one.,2

Sokratis also goes into the book for dissent after David Luiz had fouled Ings. That's a needless card to pick up.,2

Torreira slides in to challenge Redmond and catches the winger, giving away a free-kick. The referee has his card out and there are protests from Arsenal players, but the Uruguayan is booked anyway.,2

GOAL! LACAZETTE EQUALISES! Aubameyang and Ozil link up cleverly before the latter plays a lovely ball in behind for Tierney to chase. The left-back gets to it well and crosses for Aubameyang, whose initial shot is blocked, but Lacazette is there to pick up the pieces and fires home on the swivel! It's 1-1!,1

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON TAKE THE LEAD! Bertrand takes a free-kick quickly and catches the whole Arsenal defence out, allowing Ings to race into the box down the left and fire in off the near post! It's 1-0 to Southampton!,1

Given the time at which is winner comes, it's hardly surprising that Mateta has headed straight for the jubliant crowd to celebrate, and the referee doesn't dampen the mood whatsoever in showing the winning goalscorer a yellow card for excessive celebration.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! Palace score right at the death!!! Ayew jinks in and away from Pereira before cutting inside and passing to Mateta. He receives the ball on the turn, taking him past Souttar, and sends the ball beyond an onrushing Iversen to slot into the near corner! Selhurst Park goes absolutely wild as Mateta makes it 2-1, and Roy Hodgson may just have a winning return at his old club!,1

The yellow card's getting some use towards the back end of this game, and is raised again after Ndidi's high boot catches Ayew clearing the ball from the edge of his own box.,2

Iheanacho rides the challenge of Eze before being hauled down by Guehi on the edge of the Palace box, and the latter goes into the book for his troubles.,2

Off comes Edouard for the hosts, and the presence of Jean-Philippe Mateta in his position should cause some problems in the final moments of this game.,0

Dewsbury-Hall is absolutely all over Eze on halfway and brings him to the ground, warranting a free-kick and yellow card for the Foxes midfielder.,2

Schlupp comes off in Palace's latest substitution, and Will Hughes will see out the game from the base of midfield.,0

Eze catches the heel of Dewsbury-Hall as the Leicester midfielder sends the ball skyward, and the Eagles playmaker is booked as we enter the final stages of this entertaining encounter.,2

Daka's been feeding off scraps for much of this game, and the Zambian is replaced late on by Kelechi Ịheanacho up front.,0

Eze is back deep in his own half to win possession brilliantly, and sends Palace on their way forward with a fast break. Edouard looks to turn Souttar on halfway, but is held back by his shirt and the big Australian defender goes into the book.,2

The booked Kristiansen comes off following that equaliser, and he's replaced at left-back by Luke Thomas for the visitors.,0

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Leicester launch themselves into the lead!!! A cross-field pass sees play switched to the right, and Castagne brings the ball down before passing inside to Pereira. He arrives just inside the box and leathers the ball beyond Guaita, rattling the ball into the top corner to make it 1-0 to the visitors! No goalkeeper was stopping that, and Palace once again are made to rue all their missed chances!,1

Leicester have been run ragged down the right-hand side so far, and Brendan Rodgers accordingly brings off winger Tete for right-back Ricardo Pereira.,0

Zaha does indeed come off for the hosts, and is replaced in the front three by Jordan Ayew at the end of the first half.,0

Olise attempts to dribble his way out of trouble and knocks the ball past Kristiansen, but he's blatantly held back by the Foxes left-back, who receives the first yellow card of this game so far.,2

Ziyech made the decisive breakthrough for the Blues with a fine strike. The winger is replaced by Saul.,0

Jorginho is withdrawn after a quiet performance. Kante replaces the Italy international in the middle of the park.,0

Tanganga is replaced after a difficult game and is replaced by Skipp. Spurs move to three at the back.,0

Moura replaces Sessegnon for the visitors in the final third. Sessegnon could have had an assist on another day.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! THIAGO SILVA MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!!!! The Brazil international latches onto a sublime cross from Mount and glances his header away from Lloris into the bottom-right corner. Dier brings down Hudson-Odoi on the left flank, which bemuses the Tottenham players. Mount swings a perfect cross into the box for Thiago Silva to attack and he gets between two white shirts to direct his effort into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! ZIYECH SCORES A STUNNER!!!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!!!! The winger collects on the edge of the Spurs box and curls a precise effort away Lloris into the top-left corner. Hudson-Odoi starts the move with burst past Tanganga down the left flank and he surges away from the defender. Hudson-Odoi offloads to Ziyech, who takes a touch before curling a sublime effort into the back of the net. A super strike.,1

Cambiaso can't contain himself during his celebration, taking off his shirt as he runs frantically to the fans in the corner of the stadium. After he calms down, the referee walks over to him and issues a yellow card.,2

JUVENTUS FINALLY FIND THE WINNER! 1-0! Miretti spreads the play out to an unmarked Gatti on the right wing, with the centre-back sweeping a lovely delivery into the 18-yard box for Milik. The Poland international rises highest but puts his header off the post - necessitating a touch from Cambiaso to make it official!,1

Allegri makes an attacking substitution with the match still level at 0-0. On a booking, Rugani is replaced by Yildiz.,0

Lazovic is given just under a quarter-hour to help his side find the breakthrough. Doig is recalled to the bench.,0

Clearly frustrated, Kean throws the ball away following the decision to award Verona a throw-in. The referee immediately comes across and shows the Juventus player a yellow card - the fourth of the game.,2

Folorunsho is shown a yellow card for dissent five minutes after the restart, with the midfielder too forceful in his protests for a free-kick.,2

Rugani goes through the back of Djuric in an attempt to win the ball and is shown a yellow card as a result.,2

The combative Djuric is shown a yellow card for a foul on the back of Gatti’s head during an attempt to win an aerial duel.,2

Referee Michael Oliver books Cavaleiro after a cynical challenge on Van Aanholt from behind, with the ball gone.,2

Van Aanholt also goes into the book for his reaction to the tackle, with both players getting in each other's faces.,2

A fresh Traore is something you don't want to see as a tired opposition player. Jota makes way for the winger.,0

Costa deserves a break after all the running he's done today. Saiss will play the six minutes plus added time.,0

Some home fans might be disappointed to see Schlupp leaving the pitch. The introduction of Sorloth will give them something to aim for, though.,0

It's not a surprise to see Meyer introduced with McArthur on a booking. Can the German inject some more creativity in the middle?,0

Finally, Wolves find their scoring touch! Doherty plays a one-two with Jimenez on the right and the wing-back slams in from a tight angle, inside the box. 1-0.,1

Final change for City now, and Haaland isn't going to have the chance to get a hat-trick as he's replaced by Alvarez.,0

WHAT A GOAL! It's well worked down the left by City and Silva squares it to De Bruyne, who is hovering just outside the D. Estupinan tries to close him down but doesn't get there in time as he fires the shot over him and Sanchez into the back of the net. 3-1 City!,1

Estupinan trips Foden when the Englishman tries to spin past him, and he goes into the referee's book.,2

Veltman was receiving treatment for what looks like an ankle injury, and he makes his way straight off the pitch with the physio. Estupinan is on in his place.,0

Gross slid in with a late challenge on Rodri, catching the Spaniard on the ankle, and he's booked for it.,2

March is spinning away from Mahrez, and the City man just puts an arm out to block his run. He's shown a yellow card.,2

TROSSARD PULLS ONE BACK! Laporte nods it to Akanji, and he gets caught on the ball by March. He links up well with Trossard, pulling it back to him on the edge of the box, and he rifles his shot into the near post. It flies under Ederson's arm and into the net. 2-1!,1

There's a change for Brighton at the break, and it's a defensive one. Lallana is taken off and replaced by Lamptey.,0

HAALAND SCORES! He was made to wait a long time to take the penalty while Brighton argued their case, but it didn't faze him! It's a great spot-kick from the forward, who powerfully slots into the bottom right corner. Sanchez had barely shifted from his starting position before it hit the back of the net. 2-0 City!,1

Haaland is holding off Caicedo and the midfielder eventually drags him down in frustration. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

HAALAND SCORES! Brighton are all over the place at the back, and the Norweigan takes advantage! It starts with Ederson, who pings a lovely ball upfield and Sanchez rushes out of his box. Haaland chests it past him, before nudging Webster out of the way and slotting his shot into the back of the empty net. 1-0 City!,1

There's a late change for Kaiserslautern as they push for an equaliser, with Zimmer making way for Toure.,0

Alonso makes another defensive change as Leverkusen look to see out the final few minutes, with Hincapie replacing Grimaldo.,0

RED CARD! Kossounou dribbles out of defence with the ball, but his touch is heavy, and he produces a strong challenge on Tomiak. After taking some time with the decision, the referee produces a second yellow card, and he's given his marching orders!,3

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!! 1-0 LEVERKUSEN! Wirtz looks to work his magic just outside the penalty area, but he runs into a sea of defenders. The ball rebounds into the path of Xhaka and he attempts an ambitious curling effort from range, and it flies into the top corner, leaving the goalkeeper with no chance!,1

Cunha is straight into the action as Perez slides in on him with a late challenge. The Spaniard gets nowhere near the ball and goes into the referee's book.,2

Final changes for Atletico now, and they're changes to the front two. Morata is taken off and replaced by Correa.,0

Comert is late getting across to Joao Felix and he steps across the forward to stop his run, which results in him getting a yellow card.,2

Valencia are making a double change of their own as they go in search of an equaliser. Guillamon is the first to go off, with Nico replacing him.,0

GRIEZMANN SCORES! The substitutes make an instant impact! Soler doesn't realise that Lemar is behind him and he nicks the ball off the Valencia captain before squaring it into Griezmann. He takes a touch before curling his shot past Comert and into the near bottom corner, leaving Mamardashvili wrongfooted on his line. 1-0 Atletico!,1

Atletico are making a double change as they look to get the opening goal. De Paul is the first to go off, with Lemar on in his place.,0

Oblak's throw goes straight to Comert and Joao Felix slides in trying to make up for the keeper's error. It's a poor challenge and he's shown a yellow card.,2

OVERTURNED! After watching the replays, it's shown that Morata was actually marginally offside in the build-up to Correia's challenge. The right-back will stay on and he's now on a yellow.,2

Tempers are fraying here and Reinildo clatters into Castillejo much to the Valencia fans' anger and his name goes into the book.,2

Gimenez just got to Correia's cross first and Andre came through the back of him in an attempt to reach it. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Saul steps across Correia to stop him from taking the ball to the byline, and the referee has no choice but to produce the first booking of the match.,2

Dybala managed to register an assist against his former club but he won't finish the match as Kumbulla is introduced.,0

Kostic has a bit too much to say to the linesman and receives a yellow card from the referee as a result.,2

ABRAHAM LEVELS THE SCORE! 1-1! Pellegrini takes a corner-kick deep to the far post, where it’s met by a sensational Dybala scissor-kick. The inspired hit plays the ball back across the face of goal where it’s turned home by Abraham!,1

Locatelli is shown the first yellow card of the match for cynically pulling down his former team-mate, Dybala.,2

VLAHOVIC OPENS THE SCORING! 1-0! The Serbia international steps up and smashes a free-kick off the underside of the bar and into the goal, leaving Patricio rooted to the spot!,1

Redmond has put in a good shift - but also missed an absolute sitter - and the Saints forward is now withdrawn for Adam Armstrong, who has failed to score since the opening day.,0

Elyounoussi brings Lowton down on the left wing and subsequently receives a yellow card from the referee.,2

Broja is substituted after scoring in back-to-back games for Southampton, and Adams returns to the fray following time out through injury.,0

Cornet has made a significant impact on the game, but is now replaced by Gudmunds­son for the final few minutes.,0

The ineffective Walcott comes off to be replaced by Stuart Armstrong, who jogs on to a warm round of applause from the home fans.,0

Receiving the second Burnley booking in a matter of minutes, Westwood is now cautioned for a challenge on Romeu near the centre circle.,2

Not long on the pitch, Rodriguez gives away a needless free-kick and is shown a yellow card for a rugged foul on Elyounoussi.,2

One ex-Saint is replaced by another for Burnley, as Cork makes way for Rodriguez in an apparently attacking move from Sean Dyche.,0

STUNNING STRIKE! Burnley are back level, as Cornet takes a bouncing ball early to volley past Pope on the turn from 20 yards out. A rare moment of quality in and around the area for the visitors gets them back in this pulsating game! It's now 2-2!,1

SOUTHAMPTON TAKE THE LEAD! Burnley captain Tarkowski gifts the ball to Diallo outside the Burnley box, and the alert midfielder immediately feeds Broja, who powers home Saints' second from the left side of the area. Southampton 2-1 Burnley!,1

Livramento is causing havoc here, as the goalscorer is desperately pulled back by ex-Saint Cork, who is then booked by the referee.,2

SAINTS ARE LEVEL! After a period of intense pressure, the inspired Livramento cracks open the Burnley back four once again, directing a header into the net from Redmond's excellent corner. It is now Southampton 1-1 Burnley!,1

BURNLEY LEAD! Against the run of play, Burnley have only their second goal from open play in the Premier League! Unmarked, Cornet leaps highest in the six-yard box to plant a header past the stranded McCarthy from Lowton's pinpoint cross. The Clarets go 1-0 up!,1

GOAL! SAMPDORIA 0-2 JUVENTUS! That's that then. Sampdoria overcommit upfield and Juve catch them out on the counter. Cuadrado draws out Audero and lays off to Ramsey who's left with a tap-in. What a way to mark his 300th senior top-flight appearance.,1

Bernardeschi gets booked for losing a footrace with Ramirez and stamping on the winger's foot. The number of fouls is getting ridiculous.,2

Damsgaard is the newest Sampdoria player to be booked for a late challenge. That's Sampdoria's fourth yellow card now.,2

Juventus make a change. Rabiot is on for the hardworking Bentancur. After this is done, Juventus have a corner.,0

Sampdoria make another two changes, replacing their entire strike force. Ramirez is on first for Quagliarella, who's been the hosts' biggest threat.,0

Bentancur is next to find himself in the book for a foul on Keita. This referee seems a little card-happy.,2

Sampdoria substitute La Gumina, who's warming up by the side of the pitch, also sees a yellow card, presumably for wasting time.,2

Ekdal is the next Sampdoria player to get a booking for an ill-disciplined challenge. Ronaldo will of course take the free-kick which is some way out.,2

GOAL! SAMPDORIA 0-1 JUVENTUS! Morata and Ronaldo play a nice one-two to send Morata scampering into the box. Morata rolls the ball across for Chiesa to smash it in from close range.,1

GOAAAALLLL Hertha 2-3 Bayern - The Bavarians strike first in stoppage time after their hard work finally pays off. Hertha decided to sit back in their own box and were punished eventually. Ribery's cross was cleared towards Lewandowski but the striker stayed alert and looped the ball to the back post where Coman was waiting to head home in front of a crowd of Hertha players.,1

GOAAAALLLL Hertha 2-2 Bayern - Selke changes the game just minutes after coming off the bench as he taps home from a tight angle. The striker was gifted the opportunity by Hummels who got his bearings all wrong in defence. A long ball caused him to panic and his header back to Ulreich was far too short and Selke bundled it home. ,1

GOAALLLLL Hertha 1-2 Bayern - Gnabry grabs his second goal of the game thanks to a quick counter from the visitors. Rodriguez found space in midfield before playing his team-mate into the channel on the edge of the box. Gnabry stayed onside and used his superior speed to get to the ball before firing across goal and past Jarstein.,1

GOAAALLLLL Hertha 1-1 Bayern! What a response from the visitors as Gnabry levels proceedings in Berlin. Hertha looked to have the situation under control but a poor clearance at the back allowed the ball to trickle into the path of Gnabry. The former Arsenal man timed his run to perfection before smashing the ball past Jarstein.,1

GOAAALLLLLLL Hertha 1-0 Bayern 0 - Hertha make a superb start on home soil as Mittelstadt opens the scoring inside the first few minutes. He latched onto a throughball from Kalou before picking his spot past Ulreich. A low shot found a way past the keeper and Bayern have got off to a nightmare start.,1

Goretzka tries to make his way down the pitch but he goes down too easily and he is going to be carded for a dive.,2

The free-kick just inside Roma’s half presents an opportunity for Inter’s third change, as Politano is replaced by Keita.  ,0

Zaniolo dives into a challenge on Joao Mario in order to prevent a counter-attack, which draws a yellow card from referee Marco Guida.,2

Joao Mario enters the match with just over 10 minutes remaining, as Martinez sees his number called. Inter will likely go back to one up top, with Icardi the focal point in attack.,0

Roma lose possession and Cristante is on hand to try and win the ball back, but he gets it wrong and receives a yellow card for the foul.,2

Vecino is booked immediately after the restart for taking Pellegrini down from behind in the centre circle.    ,2

GOAL FOR INTER WHO MAKE IT 1-1! D’Ambrosio has the ball on his right foot outside the penalty area on the right flank and cuts inside, using his left to float a perfect cross to the far post for Perisic, whose diving header beats Mirante from close range!   ,1

Spalletti indeed decides to go with two strikers, as Icardi replaces Nainggolan six minutes before the hour mark. Can the former Inter captain turn the tides against the Giallorossi?,0

Ranieri makes a change at half-time as Zaniolo replaces Under for the second half – which allows the Italy international to play against his former side.   ,0

A STUNNING STRIKE MAKES IT 1-0 TO ROMA! El Shaarawy dribbles towards goal before cutting inside past D’Ambrosio, selling Valero on a feint and dispatching a wonderful right-foot shot into the bottom corner of the goal from outside the penalty area! It’s a magnificent strike to give the visitors the lead!  ,1

Toulouse make their final change of the match as Iseka comes on to replace Cahuzac with only a few minutes left to play.,0

The home side look to respond to going behind by making their first change of the game as Garcia comes on to replace Sidibe.,0

GOAL! Mbappe gives PSG the lead! Kehrer skips away down the right-hand side and floats a cross in towards the edge of the penalty area. Mbappe takes the ball down beautifully before firing it low and hard into the bottom right corner of the net. Reynet did not stand a chance with that one. 1-0.,1

The league leaders make their final change of the match as Silva come on to replace Dagba with just over 15 minutes left to play. It remains 0-0.,0

It is a double change for PSG as Diaby comes on to replace Nkunku with just under 30 minutes left to play.,0

The away side make their first change of the match as Kurzawa is replaced by Verratti. It remains 0-0.,0

Mbappe flicks the ball away from Sidibe and the Toulouse midfielder just catches him on the way through and is awarded a yellow card.,2

Sangare is the first player to go into the book. The Toulouse midfielder went in late when trying to win the ball from Parades in the centre of the park. He can have no complaints about that one.,2

GOAL! Fellaini opens the scoring with only minutes to go! Shaw, from the left-hand side, swings in a wonderful cross from deep which Lukaku nods onto Fellaini who is able to expertly control the pass. The Belgian is able to turn inside the box and fire the ball low into the bottom right corner of the net. Von Ballmoos stood no chance with that one. 1-0.,1

Ngamaleu replaces Nsame as Young Boys make their final change of the evening. There is less than 10 minutes to go.,0

Garcia replaces Von Bergen at the break. The defender was struggling with an injury earlier in the first half.,0

The first yellow card of the evening is shown to Matic after he caught Lauper late on the edge of the Young Boys area.,2

KANE GETS HIS SECOND OF THE GAME! Everton's high line has constantly caught them out in this game as Spurs get in behind them again. The move is good and Kane is in the middle of the box to get his boot to the cross and his shot is hit diagonally across goal and Pickford didn't get close. 6-2 Spurs!,1

SON SCORES SPURS' FIFTH! It looks like he was just offside, but the linesman didn't raise his flag, and Son gets around the static Everton defence and his shot goes through Pickford's legs. 5-2 Spurs!,1

SIGURDSSON PULLS ONE BACK FOR EVERTON! He is surrounded by Spurs defenders but he moves across the box to create more space for himself and once he does, he hits his shot low under Lloris' outstretched hand. 4-2!,1

SPURS HAVE A FOURTH! The ball came back to Eriksen in the centre of the box; the shot is hit sweetly and Pickford can't get close to it as it nestles into the bottom right corner. 4-1 Spurs!,1

KANE MAKES IT THREE! Trippier took the free-kick which came very close to finding the back of the net, but his shot rebounded off the post and once again the Everton defence didn't react quick enough and Kane had the time to hit his shot in the middle of the box and find the back of the net. 3-1 Spurs!,1

ALLI GIVES SPURS THE LEAD! Son was left in a lot of space as he hit his low shot towards goal and Pickford got down to make a save, but the rebound isn't cleared by his defence and Alli reacts quickest and strikes the ball first time to find the bottom corner of the net. 2-1 Spurs!,1

Trippier is awarded the first yellow card of the match for a high boot after going for the ball and catching Calvert-Lewin in the chest.,2

SPURS ARE LEVEL! Pickford came out of his box to clear the ball, but there was a mix-up with Zouma, who looked like he was in control of the situation, which allowed the ball to bounce to Son who was alert and he hits his shot from the right of the box to find the far netting. 1-1!,1

WALCOTT GIVES EVERTON THE LEAD! Sigurdsson's pass to Calvert-Lewin takes Trippier out of the game and Walcott makes the run into the middle of the box to get on the end of the cross and hit his shot low under Lloris. 1-0 Everton!,1

PSV bring on some fresh legs to see the game out. Off goes Saibari, who had their best chance in the first half. On comes Mwene.,0

Lamela picks up a late yellow card for a poor challenge on Branthwaite that leaves the Englishman needing treatment. Sampaoli isn't pleased with the decision.,2

GOAL! SEVILLA 3-0 PSV! Gudelj might have killed this tie already. Rakitic pops a pass down the inside-right channel for Ocampos. He backheels it into the direction of the Serbian, who smashes it into the roof of the net.,1

GOAL! SEVILLA 2-0 PSV! What a goal by Ocampos! The substitute takes Torres' high cross into the box down with his right foot, swivels, and spanks it towards goal with his left. It ricochets satisfyingly into the net off the right-hand post. He's only been on the pitch for five minutes!,1

Sevilla make a half-time change as Ocampos replaces Gil. That's unexpected, as Gil didn't appear to be injured at the end of the first half.,0

GOAL! SEVILLA 1-0 PSV! PSV give the ball away in their own half and get punished! Navas sends a first-time cross into the centre for En-Nesyri, who easily slots past Benitez!,1

RUDIGER! 3-0! Chelsea finally get the third goal that their play has deserved. Werner drives to the byline before cutting it back to Rudiger - who's still in the box following a corner - and he sweeps a low finish across Lloris and into the bottom corner from 12 yards!,1

Tottenham make two changes to try and alter the tide of this game. The first sees Ndombele make way for Skipp in midfield.,0

KANTE! 2-0! Chelsea get a second. Kante receives a pass 25 yards out and proceeds to rifle a low strike that takes a wicked deflection off Dier to trick Lloris. The ball flicks off Dier and spins against the inside of the post, before trickling agonisingly over the line! ,1

SILVA! 1-0 CHELSEA! The visitors take the lead after a fast start to the half. Silva climbs above Alli to head Alonso's corner across goal and beyond Lloris into the bottom corner! ,1

Napoli, meanwhile, make a triple change. The first sees Osimhen come off for Mertens after an impressive display.,0

Two changes for Inter as they hunt for a winner. The first sees Martinez depart with Sanchez taking his place up top.,0

GOALL! DZEKO! 1-1. Inter equalise early in the second half. Martinez sends in a speculative cross from the byline and although Dzeko misses his initial header, it ricochets off Di Lorenzo and falls perfectly back at the striker's feet! Dzeko makes no mistake and thumps it in off the bar from close range!,1

Insigne goes down after Perisic bundles into him from behind. The referee takes a dim view of his fall though and books the attacker for simulation.,2

GOALLL! INSIGNE! 1-0. Napoli make a dream start. Insigne steps up to take the penalty and confidently blasts it into the top left corner despite Handanovic guessing correctly!,1

IT'S 4-0 TO MAN CITY! After winning the spot-kick, Alvarez steps up and converts it without any fuss, slotting his shot into the bottom-right corner! Leno went the other way! City are heading back to the top in some style!,1

Diop must walk, as he has already been booked and now commits a foul in the penalty area. That caps off a bad day for Fulham's defence.,3

After arriving late into a challenge on Lewis in midfield, Robinson is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

With his job done, injury-prone De Bruyne is spared the final 15 minutes. His fellow Belgian, Doku, comes on.,0

GVARDIOL BAGS A BRACE! Surely that seals it for City! The irrepressible Bernardo Silva clips over a delicious cross from the right, finding Gvardiol at the back post. At full stretch, the Croatian defender lunges in to prod the ball past Leno from close range! That's 3-0 to the champions, who are returning to first place today!,1

After a run of seven goals in his last seven home games, Muniz departs following a fruitless shift up front. Broja replaces him.,0

FODEN STRIKES! Bernardo Silva turns on the ball in midfield, beating his man beautifully, then drives towards the area. Although he is tackled on the edge of the box, Foden gathers in the loose ball and picks out the bottom-left corner! That's his 17th Premier League goal of the season, and it puts City 2-0 up in London!,1

Ake is forced off by an injury, so Walker will come on to replace him. That should see Akanji shift into the centre of City's defence.,0

CITY LEAD! The champions score with their first shot at goal! It's 1-0 at Craven Cottage! A brilliant exchange of passes between De Bruyne and Gvardiol opens up the Fulham back line, and the latter keeps his cool to drift into a shooting position and fire a low effort past Leno and into the bottom-left corner!,1

Kramaric gets the yellow card for taking his shirt off during the celebration, but the striker wouldn't care!,2

WOW! WHAT A STORY! Kramaric now has his hat-trick as Bischof dispossess Dier at the edge of the box and the Croatian latches onto the loose ball and fires past Neuer for his third of the game! It's 3-2 in favour of the home side now!,1

HOFFENHEIM LEAD 3-2! The hosts have come back from two goals down to lead 3-2 against Tuchel's Bayern with a little over five minutes left on the clock! And it is that man Kramaric again who fires past Neuer from the edge of the box and send the supporters into a frenzy.,1

Tel, who scored Bayern's opener in the fourth minute, is replaced by Zaragoza in what is the visitors' second change of the game.,0

HOFFENHEIM GO LEVEL! And it was a long time coming! Bebou finds the ball at his feet from a quick throw-in and turns in to cross the ball for Kramaric to stab in and make it 2-2! What a game this is turning out to be!,1

Grillitsch now goes into the referee's book for a foul on Davies. He also gives away a free-kick in a promising position for Bayern.,2

The first yellow card of the game goes to Promel for trying to stop Goretzka from taking a quick free-kick.,2

Bayern make their first change of the game as Pavlovic's day ends early with an injury. Zvonarek comes into take his position in the midfield. Julian Nagelsmann will be hoping Pavlovic makes a quick recovery, given the youngster has been included in Germany's Euro 2024 squad.,0

THE HOSTS STRIKE BACK!! Hoffenheim reduce the deficit in what has been a crazy start to this game. It's Beier who follows up his double from last week with another goal here. Unbelievable scenes here, with three goals in the first eight minutes. It's Hoffenheim 1-2 Bayern!,1

BAYERN DOUBLE THE LEAD!! And this time it is Davies who is played through on goal and scores the visiting side's second goal in as many minutes. It's now 2-0 to Bayern, and what a start we have had to this match!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Tel makes no mistake this time! The youngster does not miss as he gets on the end of Muller's cross and finishes past goalkeeper Baumann to give Bayern an early lead. It's 1-0 to Tuchel's team, who are on the right track to finish their season on a high.,1

ALBA FINDS A LATE WINNER! 2-1 BARCELONA! It’s a dramatic finish at the Benito Villamarin as Betis fail to clear their lines after a Fati cross, with allows Alves to play the ball back towards the far post in the second-phase of the attack. Alba meets the delivery on the left wing with a thunderous volley that beats Silva high in the centre of his goal!,1

REAL BETIS STRIKE BACK IMMEDIATELY! 1-1! Fekir's lovely delivery from the Betis free-kick on the left finds the head of former Barcelona defender Bartra, who powers a header past Neto from close range!,1

HIS IMPACT IS IMMEDIATE! 1-0 BARCELONA! To say Xavi’s substitution has worked would be an understatement, with Fati scoring with just his second touch of the match! The winger receives a cross on the edge of the 18-yard box before settling the ball and poking an accurate finish into the bottom corner!,1

Busquets' mistimed tackle on Guardado earns the Barcelona captain the first yellow card of the match.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! STERLING STROKES THE BALL HOME!!!! 1-0 CITY!!!! The home side finally break the deadlock as Sterling slots his effort down the middle of the net. He takes a stutter-step before beating Sa with a low drive as the Wolves keeper dives to his right. Relief for Guardiola and his team.,1

RED CARD! Madness from Jimenez as he receives a second booking straight after earning his first. He refuses to retreat to allow City to take their free-kick and is given a second yellow then a red card.,3

Jimenez catches Rodri with an outstretched leg and brings down the midfielder. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2

Rodri pulls back Traore on the charge and goes into the book. The Spain international shows frustration with the decision.,2

Dias dives in on Traore and goes into the book. It was a desperate lunge to win possession from the City defender and fairly needless.,2

Kulusevski has been up front alone for the last few minutes, and is replaced late on for Alejo Veliz to do that job for Spurs in the dying minutes.,0

Udogie is off in Spurs' latest alteration, and it's a direct replacement at left-back as Ben Davies enters the fray.,0

Luton captain Lockyer is taken off, and the introduction of an attack-minded midfielder in the form of Ross Barkley shows just how much the Hatters want to turn this game around.,0

Maddison also comes off as Spurs' objective becomes a defensive one, with Oliver Skipp on in the midfielder's place.,0

Ange Postecoglou is keen to protect his side's slender lead, and brings Emerson Royal onto the field in place of his captain Son.,0

Ogbene glides past Hojbjerg with the ball, but is stopped soon afterwards by the Spurs midfielder's late challenge, which results in a yellow card for the Dane.,2

Adebayo also comes off following a determined if profligate performance up front, and Cauley Woodrow is on for the final 23 minutes.,0

Mpanzu is the third player taken off, and Tahith Chong enters the fray in place of Luton's longest-serving player.,0

After a Luton penalty shout comes to nothing, the Hatters make a triple substitution. Brown is first off, and will be replaced by Luke Berry in midfield.,0

There's a break in play following an injury to Andersen, who is eventually replaced in the Hatters' defence by Teden Mengi.,0

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Spurs finally make the breakthrough!!! Taking a short corner from the opposite side, Kulusevski and Maddison play a one-two which catches Luton off-guard. The latter cuts the ball back towards Van de Ven, whose first-time shot beats Kaminski and nestles in the back of the net!! After a plethora of chances, the 10-man visitors lead 1-0 at Kenilworth Road!,1

With Spurs needing a re-shuffle following Bissouma's sending off, and Richarlison is sacrificed for Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg to come on to and bolster the midfield.,0

HE'S OFF!!! Bissouma drives through the middle before going down under pressure on the edge of the box. It wasn't enough pressure though, says the referee, who shows the midfielder a second yellow card for simulation and then produces the red! After a first-half they've dominated, Spurs will now have to play out the rest of the game a player down!,3

Ogbene does well to dispossess Porro, but doesn't get very far before being clipped late by Bissouma. He's shown a yellow card, and having picked up five bookings in just eight games this season, the Spurs midfielder will receive a one-match suspension!,2

The two number nines come together as Morris accidentally clips Richarlison in the air, and the Luton striker is shown a yellow card for the challenge.,2

Lockyer slides in to dispossess Maddison but gets nowhere near the ball as he takes the Spurs playmaker down on the edge of the box, and receives the first booking of the game.,2

Pioli withdraws Hernandez, who has done well on his return to the Milan team. Seventeen-year-old left-back Bartesaghi takes his place.,0

Substitute Oristanio is shown a yellow card after clattering Hernandez from behind inside Milan territory. Home captain Nandez is not pleased with that decision.,2

Cagliari turn to their bench before the set-piece can be taken. Shomurodov takes Petagna's place up front.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLL! LOFTUS-CHEEK MAKES IT 3-1 WITH A GREAT STRIKE! Pulisic finds fellow ex-Chelsea man Loftus-Cheek in space 25 yards out, and the Englishman steadies himself before drilling a brilliant effort beyond the despairing dive of Radunovic and into the bottom-left corner. It's a goal worthy of settling any game, and Cagliari have a mountain to climb now!,1

Loftus-Cheek is booked for bringing Luvumbo down as the Cagliari goalscorer looked to break towards the area. The hosts have a free-kick within shooting range, around 25 yards from goal...,2

Ranieri has turned to his bench after seeing Cagliari fall behind. Oristanio is on for Wieteska in a forward-thinking change.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL! TOMORI PUTS MILAN 2-1 UP! The Rossoneri work the resulting corner beautifully to complete the turnaround! Adli fires the set-piece back to Reijnders, who takes a great touch to reach the byline before driving the ball across the goal line. Radunovic is beaten as Tomori turns it in with his thigh! Milan were behind five minutes ago, now they lead!,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! OKAFOR EQUALISES FOR MILAN! It's a poor error from Radunovic, and Milan are back on level terms! Pulisic skips past Zappa before crossing low from the left, and Radunovic inexplicably spills it under no pressure. It drops to Okafor, who sits Radunovic down by rolling his studs over the ball before hammering into an unguarded net. 1-1!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLL! CAGLIARI LEAD 1-0! The home crowd erupts as Luvumbo takes Nandez' flick in his stride, cutting inside from the right side of the area before powering an unstoppable effort past Sportiello! Milan have controlled this game, but Cagliari lead against the run of play!,1

Doku is still shielding the ball well in the corner, and there's an altercation between him and Porro as City waste more time by winning another set-piece. The winger is booked.,2

Tottenham are desperate for a goal now, with a replay their aim. Young striker Scarlett replaces Hojbjerg.,0

GOAL GIVEN! CITY ARE AHEAD! The VAR takes a long look at the incident, and rules there was minimal contact from Dias on Vicario! Ake has his goal, and City are moments away from the fifth round!,1

Gvardiol and Richarlison both go down at the end of a midfield tussle, and the City man pushes the Brazilian as the duo look to get back up. He follows Dias and Kovacic into the book.,2

Here comes Maddison! The Tottenham fan favourite makes his first appearance since early November as he replaces Bentancur. Can he pick the lock?,0

De Bruyne, meanwhile, is on for Alvarez. It looks like Foden will play a false nine role now, with De Bruyne just off him.,0

Now Udogie is cautioned, having tripped Silva in full flight as the Portugal star looked to break towards the Tottenham area. Silva looks to be in some discomfort, but he'll play on. It was a sore one on the top of his boot.,2

Kovacic becomes the first player to see yellow, taking one for the team as Udogie surges over halfway by wiping the young full-back out.,2

RED CARD! After checking the VAR screen, referee Atkinson sends Milivojevic off for his right-footed lunge on Moutinho near the halfway line!,3

Ayew comes on, after recovering from coronavirus, and will replace Townsend as Hodgson looks to chase the game.,0

Van Aanholt clips Neto's heel and then drags the Wolves forward down to stop the counter-attack and is rightfully cautioned by the referee.,2

GOALLLL!!! 2-0 WOLVES! Podence volleys home with his left from inside the area to make it two. Jimenez played in Neto, who has tons of time to get his head up and find Podence at the back post to volley home through the legs of Guaita.,1

GOALLLLL! 1-0 WOLVES! Ait-Nouri scores on debut with a left-footed strike across goal from the corner of the area! Podence had initially found room on the right before Kouyate’s headed clearance fell to the feet of Ait-Nouri on the left.,1

Berardi did get to his feet eventually, but is replaced by Federico Peluso, presumably to avoid any further confrontations with a very angry Slovakian centre-back.,0

A bouncing ball in the box tempts D'Ambrosio to try the spectacular, but his mistimed overhead kick sees him strike Ruan, not the ball, and the Inter substitute is rightly booked by the referee.,2

Perisic's hard work down the left hasn't yielded the results it's deserved, and he's replaced by Danilo D'Ambrosio.,0

Frattesi has given licence to Lopez and Traore to run the midfield, and now gives his place in the team up to substitute Matheus Henrique.,0

Muldur takes a heavy touch and loses control, sliding wildly into Sanchez and bringing him down. It's a stonewall yellow card offence, and the referee agrees, brandishing the yellow as tempers fray.,2

Barella attempts to bypass the pressing of Raspadori, but the Sassuolo goalscorer takes out the Inter midfielder from behind and concedes the free-kick, being booked by the referee in the process.,2

Gagliardini, also comes off, and is replaced by Edin Dzeko in a bid to add more firepower to Inter's so far fruitless attack.,0

GOOOAALLLLL!!! The visitors have two!!! Traore gets the ball in space after another quick transition from defence to attack, and crosses into the box. Scamacca ghosts in at the far post to nod the ball past Handanovic, off the post, and in! 2-0 with barely half an hour gone, and the San Siro has fallen silent!,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!!!! Sassuolo fire themselves ahead!!! They've been very, very lively right from the off, and after Lopez dispossesses Calhanoglu in midfield, he finds Berardi who in turn feeds Raspadori, who cuts inside to fire a low shot underneath Handanovic to put the Neroverdi into a 1-0 lead! What a start!,1

GOAL! STUART DALLAS PULLS ONE BACK FOR LEEDS UNITED! 6-2! It's a lovely strike from the defender too, fed into the final third, where he promptly launches a glorious right-footed effort into the top right corner past the outstretched De Gea. A crumb of consolation for Leeds.,1

More worrying for Leeds however is that captain Cooper cannot continue. He has to head off with what looks like a back injury. Leeds are already missing several centre-backs. Leif Davis is on.,0

GOAL! BRUNO FERNANDES BRINGS UP THE HALF-DOZEN! 6-1! A hop, a skip, a jump and the Portuguese drills a low effort past the static Meslier in at the right post.,1

GOAL! DANIEL JAMES MAKES IT FIVE FOR MANCHESTER UNITED! 5-1! Another counter from the hosts, with McTominay at the heart - and though his wayward pass looks to be aimed for Fernandes, the former Swansea man picks it off and clips it through Meslier's legs. Dreamland for the hosts; nightmares for the visitors.,1

Ayling races back to get a head in front of McTominay, the latter hunting a hat-trick here. This has been a game of near-countless counters. Shaw is replaced by Alex Telles for the hosts.,0

The corner isn't half bad but the hosts parry it away. A Manchester United counter in short order sees James almost go all the way, downed in the box by Cooper - and the referee deems him to have dived instead, booking him as a result.,2

For their second, the Whites have made a big call and brought off the talismanic Phillips for Pascal Struijk. Is the England man nursing an issue?,0

Marcelo Bielsa exchanges a smile with Edinson Cavani as their paths cross. Leeds have made two changes, replacing Klich with Jamie Shackleton for the first.,0

GOAL! LIAM COOPER PULLS ON BACK FOR LEEDS UNITED! 4-1! Credit the Whites, they have not let their heads drop and their captain now delivers a response, nudging a powerful low header past De Gea at the right post. ,1

GOAL! VICTOR LINDELOF MAKES IT FOUR FOR MANCHESTER UNITED! 4-0! Leeds have conceded more goals from set-pieces than any other top-flight side this year and they do so again. The defender escapes his marker and pokes home a Martial header. Game over?,1

GOAL! BRUNO FERNANDES MAKES IT THREE FOR MANCHESTER UNITED! 3-0! Rodrigo surrenders the ball to James and Martial carves into the box from a Fred ball. Ayling gets his foot in to block the Frenchman and the Portuguese is there to plant a follow-up shot in at the left post. This is sweet music to the Red Devils!,1

GOAL! SCOTT MCTOMINAY HAS A DOUBLE INSIDE THREE MINUTES! 2-0! A deep throw-in comes to Martial, he drops a no-look ball to the midfielder inside the box and he sprays a finish straight past Meslier into the right corner again! ,1

GOAL! SCOTT MCTOMINAY GETS MANCHESTER UNITED OFF TO A FLYING START! 1-0! It's the perfect opening salvo for the hosts, as they pick Leeds' pockets in midfield through Fernandes. He slips a pass infield to the Scotsman on the edge of the box and he drills calmly into the bottom-right corner past a static Meslier. First blood to the Red Devils!,1

GOAL! 4-0 PSG! Di Maria caps off a superb victory for Tuchel's side by netting his second of the game. PSG hit on the counter following a Monaco corner, with Rabiot leading the charge and feeding a ball through for the Argentina ace to tuck home comfortably.,1

It is time for the moment many fans have been waiting for, as Neymar enters the field to a brilliant reception to replace Verratti.,0

Defensive change for PSG, as Silva hands the captain's armband to Marquinhos and makes way for the introduction of Bernede.,0

GOAL! 3-0 PSG! Game over! Superb play from N'Soki down the left again as he charges forward before cutting a pass back to Weah, who drives a shot between the legs of Benaglio.,1

GOAL! 2-0 PSG! The Ligue 1 champions double their advantage through Nkunku, who tucks home from close range after a superb driven cross from the left by N'Soki.,1

GOOOAL! 1-0 PSG! What a strike from Di Maria! Rabiot won a free-kick in a dangerous position after being fouled by Jemerson and the Argentina international curled a superb effort into the top of the goal, beyond the reach of Benaglio despite it being rather central.,1

Simeone makes a bold substitution now, bringing Carrasco for 19-year-old forward Camello as he changes the game. The Belgian had been a threat for the hosts, and it's surprising to see him depart.,0

Nikolic makes a double-change as the game draws to a close. Kamano is replaced by Rybchinskiy in the first alteration.,0

However, that positive change is counter-balanced by withdrawing natural left-back Lodi and replacing him with a central defender in Hermoso.,0

Simeone makes a positive substitution, bringing Llorente - who started very well but faded - off for Lemar as he looks to add a fresh injection of pace on the flank.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! No denying that one!!! After a goalscoring chance for Inter is cut out and scythed away, Juventus fly forward on the counter again, and Di Maria frees up Kostic. He beats Bellanova before squaring to Fagioli on the other side of the box, and the 21-year-old's finish deflects off Gosens on its way into the top corner! There'll be no VAR intervention this time, and Juve finally have their 2-0 lead!,1

Skriniar also comes off, with the booked central defender replaced by an attacking wide one, in the form of Matteo Darmian.,0

Inzaghi rings further changes for Inter, the latest of which sees Mkhitaryan withdrawn for Marcelo Brozovic.,0

Miretti comes off in Juve's latest change, with Angel di Maria replacing the youngster for the Old Lady.,0

From that ball smashing back off the post, Inter pick it up and Correa looks to counter. He's pulled back by Danilo though, and the Juve captain collects a textbook yellow from the referee.,2

Calhanoglu also comes off, and the more attack-minded Joaquin Correa enters the fray for the Nerazzurri.,0

Juventus make their first change of the match, as Milik comes off for Federico Chiesa to make his long-awaited return to Serie A, after being plagued with injury problems for the best part of a year.,0

Skriniar flies in on Sandro as a loose ball falls to the Brazilian's feet, and it's a really nasty challenge that leaves Sandro in a heap, and Inter's Slovakian defender is shown a deserved yellow card.,2

Barella is beaten again as Juve look to counter again. It's passed inside to Miretti, but he's pulled away from the ball and to ground by Calhanoglu, who is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Juventus take the lead!!! From the corner, they counter at breakneck speed as Kostic turns away from Barella. He races into the box and cuts the ball back, with Rabiot arriving late to slot it beyond Onana and into the back of the net! They've hardly threatened all game, but one fast break and they go 1-0 up early in the second half!,1

Depay does brilliantly to win possession off Bisseck and drives inside to try and create a scoring chance. Bisseck slides across and is shown a yellow card, but it looks like he got a touch on the ball. The German is not happy.,2

Inter make another switch. Mkhitaryan has had 81 touches and won three fouls but is now being given a rest. Klaassen takes his place in the midfield.,0

Simeone makes a massive change before the start of the second half of extra-time. Griezmann scored the first goal for Atletico but is coming off for Saul.,0

Depay goes racing forward with possession before Calhanoglu slides him from behind. He is shown a yellow card, and Atletico have a free-kick in a shooting position.,2

Inter make a straight swap up front. Thuram missed a massive opportunity in the second half and is now coming off for Sanchez.,0

Atletico add more experience to their side. Llorente has looked threatening on the right after a poor start but is coming off for Azpilicueta.,0

GOALLLL! DEPAY SCORES! 2-1 ATLETICO! The hosts level the tie on aggregate! Koke collects the ball outside the box and threads a wonderful pass through Depay without looking in the direction of the forward. Depay takes a good touch before driving his low strike into the bottom-left corner. Everyone in an Atletico shirt rushes towards the forward and the crowd goes wild.,1

Bisseck scored Inter's winning goal in their last Serie A outing and is rewarded with an appearance off the bench, replacing Dimarco.,0

Inter make another two changes. Barella made three key passes but looks exhausted in the midfield. He is off for Frattesi, who will give the visitors energy.,0

Atletico make a switch up front. Morata only hit the target with one of his three shots and is replaced by Depay for the final stages.,0

Molina also comes off after having 67 touches in an energetic performance on the right for the hosts. Barrios is given the chance to make an impression.,0

Inter have been solid defensively, so it is somewhat surprising that they are changing one of their centre-backs. The experienced Acerbi is on for Bastoni.,0

Inter respond by making two substitutions. There is a straight swap on the right, with Darmian coming on for Dumfries.,0

Lino looked bright in the first half with his surging runs down the left, but he has been quiet since the restart and is now off for Riquelme.,0

Simeone makes two changes to try and help Atletico level the score on aggregate. De Paul has had 66 touches and completed 80.8 per cent of his passes but is now coming off for Correa in an attacking switch.,0

GOALLL! GRIEZMANN SCORES! 1-1! Atletico are right back into the tie! De Vrij makes a mess of a clearance under pressure from Morata and plays it straight to Koke outside the box. He loops a pass through to Griezmann, who crashes his shot from close range into the bottom-right corner. Inter lead 2-1 on aggregate.,1

GOALLLL! DIMARCO SCORES! 1-0 INTER! The Nerazzurri are 2-0 ahead on aggregate! Barella rushes down the left side of Atletico's box and pokes a pass inside to Dimarco, who thumps a right-footed effort from close range into the roof of the net!,1

MUNOZ GETS ONE BACK! Osasuna reduce their deficit! Hammering a low shot through Lunin's legs, Munoz makes it 4-2! Areso's cutback from the right flank plays in the substitute, who coolly takes a touch and blasts in an unstoppable strike!,1

Now unable to complete his hat-trick, Vinicius Junior departs. Turkish wonderkid Arda Guler is his replacement.,0

Osasuna make their fifth and final substitution: Herrando is now withdrawn; Juan Cruz will replace him.,0

Osasuna decide major surgery is the only option, as they seek to stem the bleeding. First, Arnaiz makes way for Ruben Garcia.,0

VINICIUS JUNIOR AT THE DOUBLE! After Rudiger's ball is received by Valverde, the latter chests a clever pass to Madrid's brilliant Brazilian, who somehow beats Herrera with a low finish from the tightest of angles. That truly is a superb strike! Valverde has a hat-trick of assists, and that's 4-1 to Madrid!,1

Lured into a late challenge on Vinicius Junior, Unai Garcia clumsily clips his opponent and is shown a yellow card.,2

BRAHIM BAGS THE THIRD! Surely that seals it for Real Madrid! As Osasuna press forward, Valverde's long throughball splits them wide open, allowing Brahim Diaz to surge through the centre and beat Herrera with a calm finish into the bottom corner! That's 3-1 to Los Blancos!,1

Torro slides in recklessly and upends Camavinga with a late tackle, so follows the Frenchman into the referee's notebook. He'll be suspended for the upcoming game against Almeria.,2

Arriving late into a 50-50 challenge with Moi Gomez in midfield, Camavinga catches his opponent and is deservedly booked.,2

For a clear show of dissent towards the referee, Vinicius Junior is booked - that will result in a suspension.,2

MADRID BACK IN FRONT! And what a way to do it! Brahim Diaz lofts a lovely pass over the closest defender, before Valverde cuts a ball back from the left byline with a sweet pass on the turn; finally, Carvajal arrives on the penalty spot to steer in a smart finish with the outside of his boot! It's a superb goal to put Los Blancos 2-1 ahead!,1

OSASUNA STRIKE STRAIGHT BACK! El Sadar is sent into raptures, as masked man Budimir puts the home side level! Following a corner from the right, Herrando picks the ball up at the back post and steers it across goal to Osasuna's top scorer, who then guides it in from close range! All of a sudden, it's 1-1! What a start!,1

MADRID LEAD! With their first attack of the match, Los Blancos go in front! Rather clumsily, Catena loses possession inside his own half, and Vinicius Junior pounces, stealing the ball and then racing forward to steer it coolly past Herrera! It nestles in the bottom-left corner, and that's 1-0 to Real Madrid!,1

GOOOALLL!! BAYERN PULL ONE BACK! 3-2! Is there a late twist in the tale? It's a hopeful ball into the box which Lainer fails to clear. His header goes straight to Davies who sets up Tel to fire home into the corner.,1

Gladbach make a double change. Weigl, who only came on in the second half, is brought off for Jantschke.,0

GOOAAAAALLL!!!! GLADBACH DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! 3-1! Gladback have their third and could that be game over? Gladbach break with the ball and Neuhaus finds Hofmann down the right flank. The German has been involved in all three goals and he squares it to Thuram who can't miss and smashes it past Sommer.,1

GOOOOOAAAAL!!! GLADBACH AHEAD AGAIN!! 2-1! It's been a really impressive start to the half from the home side and Hofmann gets them their second. It is given way by Bayern in their own half and the ball ends up with Hofmann. He slides Plea down the right channel and continues his run into the box. Plea, without looking, cuts it back into the box right onto the boot of Hofmann who makes no mistake and strokes it home.,1

Goretzka commits a foul in the build-up to Hofmann's effort and the midfielder receives a yellow card.,2

GOAAAALLLL!!!! BAYERN EQUALISE!! 1-1!! Bayern haven't stopped attacking since going a goal and a man down and they have their equaliser. Davies makes a lovely burst down the left wing and the Canadian's pace is too much for the Gladbach defence. He fires it low into the box and perfectly onto the foot of Choupo-Moting who connects beautifully with the cross and rifles it into the back of the net. Game on!,1

It was De Ligt warming up but instead, Cancelo comes on to sure up the defence with Muller sacrificed for Bayern.,0

GOOOOALLLL!!!! GLADBACH LEAD!! 1-0! What a start for the home side and Stindl has the goal. Davies handles the ball and Gladbach have another free-kick from the right-hand side. Hofmann lays it across to Stindl - unmarked on the edge of the box - and the winger strikes it crisply off the post and into the net.,1

RED CARD!! Bayern are down to ten! It's a long ball over the top which catches the Bayern defence on their heels. Plea strides clear and as he nears the box, the striker tangles with Upamecano and goes down. The referee gives a free-kick and the French centre-back is given a straight red with the striker through on goal.,3

MAGIC!!!!! MANCHESTER CITY 4-0 CRYSTAL PALACE - Sterling makes it four with a stunning free-kick and Guaita has no chance of stopping his effort. After Torres was fouled on the edge of the box, Sterling was determined to have a go. It was a wise decision!,1

STONES AGAIN!!!!! MANCHESTER CITY 3-0 CRYSTAL PALACE - Stones grabs a brace after a powerful left-footed drive from inside the box. Centre-back partner Dias saw his header saved by Guaita, but the rebound fell perfectly to Stones, and he did not waste the opportunity.,1

GUNDOGAAANNN!!!! MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 CRYSTAL PALACE - A moment of brilliance from Gundogan puts City further in front, and that goal will take some beating. After conceding a corner, Palace thought they had cleared the danger through Townsend. However, he had his pocket picked by Gundogan on the edge of the box. Before Palace's defence even had time to react, he curls the ball into the top corner past Guaita. Fabulous goal!! ,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!! MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 CRYSTAL PALACE - Stones heads City in front, but the attention will go to De Bruyne. Sterling started the move with a crossfield pass to De Bruyne. The Belgian had time to pick his pass, and with the outside of his right boot, he has curled the ball towards Stones who heads past Guaita. Superb!!!,1

Marquinhos is also booked for dissent, as the PSG was furious with the referee's decision to award Marseille a free-kick.,2

Danilo is booked for his challenge on Payet and perhaps his reaction to the decision, after complaining excessively to the referee.,2

Marseille have made a double substitution, with Rongier one of those coming off and he has been replaced by De La Fuente.,0

RED CARD! Hakimi is given his marching orders as he is shown a straight red card! PSG are down to 10-men. The right-back was the last man as he fouled Under and the referee has no option but to send him off.,3

PSG have been forced into making a change, with Verratti unable to continue and he has been replaced by Gueye.,0

The first yellow card of the game is down to Rongier, after he collides with Mendes and sends him to the ground.,2

NICO WILLIAMS!!! 4-2 BILBAO! VICTORY IS THEIRS NOW! The hosts put the tie to bed following a devastating counter. Sancet steals the ball and leads the charge before crossing. It runs away from Inaki Williams but straight to his brother Nico, who sends a sublime shot into the far corner with the outside of his right boot - leaving Pena flat-footed. That is surely it now!,1

With Inaki Williams threatening to race away down the right, Sergi takes desperate measures and drags him back by the shirt. He goes into the book for his troubles.,2

Unimpressed by a decision, De Jong vents his frustration towards the referee. The midfielder does so a little too forcibly, though, and is booked.,2

INAKI WILLIAMS!!! 3-2 BILBAO! THE HOSTS LEAD AGAIN! Jauregizar is involved immediately as he robs Sergi of possession and Sancet then finds Inaki Williams with a tremendous throughball. The substitute's precise shot cannons against the post, but straight back into his path for him to make no mistake in slotting into the empty net.,1

Yamal literally takes one for the team. The youngster blatantly tugs at the shirt of Nico Williams, who subsequently cannot advance, and can have no complaints as he is booked.,2

With the tension rising as this tie approaches its dramatic climax, a scuffle breaks out between Ferran and Praods, who is booked.,2

Xavi turns to the bench and introduces Joao Felix in favour of Lewandowski, who fortuitously equalised for Barca.,0

Bilbao make a change and Guruzeta, who broke the deadlock today, goes off to be replaced by the competition's joint-top scorer in Villalibre.,0

The Blaugrana do make a change at the back and Christensen, who returned from an ankle injury today, is replaced by youngster Cubarsi.,0

SANCET!!! 2-2! BILBAO ARE LEVEL! The hosts begin the second half in a similar fashion to how they started the first. Following a neat build-up down the left flank, Nico Williams deliver a wonderful deep cross to the far post, where Sancet escapes De Jong to head past a flat-footed Pena.,1

YAMAL!!! WHAT A GOAL! 2-1 BARCA! The visitors have turned this match on its head! Receiving the ball out on the right wing, Yamal checks inside and shows wonderful balance during a strong run, before bending a brilliant 20-yard shot into the bottom-left corner.,1

LEWANDOWSKI!!! 1-1! Barca are level! There is a huge element of fortune about the equaliser, but the visitors will not care in the slightest. After working their way into the penalty area, the ball runs away from Barca. However, Berchiche then sends his attempted clearance straight against Lewandowski, whose outstretched left leg diverts the ball into the net.,1

Balde has tears in his eyes as he limps towards the tunnel. Fort is stripped off and ready to come on in his place.,0

Christensen goes in late on Guruzeta and receives the first booking of the game. Xavi is also shown a yellow card for protesting the decision.,2

GURUZETA!!! 1-0 BILBAO! What a start by the hosts! They capitalise on sloppy play by Barca and attack down the left before sending the ball into the box. Although Adu and Sancet cannot connect cleanly, the ball drops kindly for Guruzeta, who sweeps it into the roof of the net.,1

The visitors have made a change too with Aritz Elustondo on for Llorente, while Ander Barrenetxea also enters the arena.,0

Partey comes in late on Merino and is booked in sharp order. There's time for a free-kick to fly downfield but not much else as the half comes to a close.,2

GOAL! KOKE FOR ATLETICO! It's a captain's goal to open the scoring here, in a cluttered box where the ball skips around from its initial delivery into the area and ultimately falls to his feet. He turns on a dime and drills it past Moya. 1-0 to the hosts.,1

Gorosabel makes a particularly choppy challenge and picks up the first booking of the match for his troubles.,2

Hinteregger is rightly cautioned for that unnecessary shove on Thiago, who thankfully appears to have avoided any sort of facial injury.,2

Flick introduces Martinez in central midfield for the concluding stages of the game. Goretzka is the player to make way.,0

GOOOAAAAALLL!!!! BAYERN 2-1 FRANKFURT! The home side restore their lead through Lewandowski's close-range finish. The ball is slipped through for Davies and he in turn squares it to Kimmich. The midfielder is unable to shoot and instead flicks it into the path of Lewandowski to finish. The referee initially rules it out for offside, but VAR overrules the decision as Davies was clearly onside.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! BAYERN 1-1 FRANKFURT!!! Substitute Costa levels things up at the Allianz Arena!! Kamada turns in the box and his scuffed pass falls nicely for Da Costa - on the field for all of three minutes - to curl away from Neuer and into the back of the net.,1

Perisic is showed the first yellow card of the game for sliding in on Kohr. He was a little rash and caught his opponent on the ankle, so no complaints there.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! BAYERN 1-0 FRANKFURT!! Back in the side and back among the goals! Lewandowski knocks the ball into the path of Muller, who flicks it towards the penalty spot for Perisic - left pretty much all alone - to head past Trapp.,1

Grealish is booked for arguing with the referee. The Villa captain felt their should've been a foul in the build-up to the second Saints goal.,2

GOALLL! GAME OVER! Armstrong breaks on the counter from a Villa corner and finishes into an open net with Reina caught upfield. ,1

A late challenge by Guilbert leads to him becoming the third Villa player to be booked this afternoon.,2

GOAL! Long puts the ball in at the near post and the home side are in front after just eight minutes! A tidy finish off his knee is poked past Reina in the Villa net. ,1

That is a sad sight, as Kimpembe limps off the field. He looks in pain as Mitchel Bakker takes his place.,0

Muscular strain or not, it is a birthday game for the blue-haired Kylian Mbappe, who replaces Di Maria.,0

Kimpembe gets booked for that challenge belatedly and Lille will have a free-kick once Andre is recovered.,2

That being said, as soon as Mandava threatens one of the first Lille breaks of the game, Kehrer promptly pile-drives him and picks up a surprisingly early booking.,2

GOOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 2-2. HOLSTEIN KIEL LEVEL IN THE FINAL MINUTE!!! A ball is whipped into the Bayern box and Wahl is there to head home from close range. Unbelievable! Extra time surely to follow. ,1

A switch at right-back for the visitors as Pavard comes on for the final five minutes. Sarr - who has played very well tonight - departs for Bayern. ,0

More changes for the hosts and the first is an attacking swap as midfielder Meffert is replaced by forward Serra. ,0

Thesker pulls a muscle whilst trying to play a ball out from the back so he has to depart. Komenda comes on in his place. ,0

Hauptmann - on loan from Bundesliga side FC Koln - joins the action at the expensive of Porath at the same time. ,0

Star striker Lewandowski is also called upon to try and finish off the hosts. Musiala departs as a result. ,0

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! 2-1 BAYERN. SANE WITH A BEAUTY!!!! What a goal this is from the former Manchester City man. The German forward steps up to a freekick 25 yards from goal and wraps his left-footed effort into the top corner of the host’s goal.,1

GOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!! 1-1. HOLSTEIN KIEL LEVEL THROUGH BARTELS!!!! It’s as simple as it gets for the hosts as the ball is lumped up the field by Dehm. Bartels latches onto the pass, takes a few touches to steady himself and then unleashes an unstoppable shot into the far bottom corner of the Bayern net from 20 yards out. Game on!,1

GOOOOOAALLLLLL!!! 1-0 BAYERN. GNABRY!!!! A ball is floated into the penalty area and Muller nods the ball down to try and find the onrushing Gnabry. Gelios races out of his net though to intercept and gets there but his clearance only hits the German forward who then coolly converts from six yards out. The Holstein Kiel goalkeeper won’t want to see that one again.,1

Draxler has been involved for the final time today as his number is put up on the fourth official’s board - with newly signed full-back Mendes his replacement.,0

Mbappe's day ends with a goal as Icardi is brought on to give the striker a rest with just over 10 minutes left. ,0

PSG MAKE IT 4-0! Mbappe drives towards the byline, beating Ogier for pace before firing a right-footed shot at Desmas. The keeper can only get a palm to the ball which takes it to the far post, finding Gueye in the process. The midfielder cushions a header into the bottom corner as Pochettino’s side go four goals ahead! ,1

IT’S THREE FOR PSG! Draxler hits a long pass over the top of the defence for Mbappe, who exposes the high line and gets on the end of the ball, speeding past Zedadka as he draws Desmas off his line and deposits the ball in the empty net! 3-0!,1

HERRERA’S AT IT AGAIN! 2-0! Marquinhos sprays a long ball over the top for Mbappe, who latches onto it before dancing around N’Simba to win space on the right. The eventual cross is initially repelled by Ogier, but it only falls as far as Herrera at the penalty spot, who taps it home easily!,1

HERRERA MAKES IT 1-0! Hakimi turns N’Simba inside-out on the right wing and fires a low cross into the penalty area, which a diving Desmas can only parry instinctively with a hand. The rebound loops up kindly to Herrera, who powers his header into the empty net!,1

The PSG break is on through Gueye, but Mbappe is dragged to the turf by Zedadka in cynical fashion to bring the counter-attack to a halt. It’s a yellow card for the full-back, while the hosts are awarded a free-kick 25 yards from goal.,2

EKITIKE SCORES! Jeanvier dawdles on the ball and takes too long to play it back to Costil. Ekitike picks his pocket and bursts into the six-yard box before firing past the keeper into the back of the net. Jeanvier is down holding his ankle, but the goal stands, and it's 5-0 PSG!,1

SANCHES SCORES! It looked like it wasn't going to happen for PSG this time, but Sanches got it in! His first attempt is kept out by a strong hand by Costil, who then does well to push it out of Ekitike's feet to stop him from having a shot. The Frenchman manages to keep hold of it and lay it off to Sanches, who fires it in off the inside of the post. 4-0 PSG!,1

PSG are making their first change now. Soler, who has a goal and an assist today, is replaced by Sanches.,0

Auxerre have been waiting a few minutes to make this triple change, and they can after that goal. Niang is the first to go off, with Da Costa replacing him.,0

HAKIMI SCORES! And that should do it for PSG! Auxerre committed a lot of bodies forward and PSG punished them on the counter. Hakimi found himself the furthest forward, and he latches onto Soler's throughball and coolly keeps his composure to slot it past Costil, who rushed off his line. 3-0 PSG!,1

SOLER SCORES! Joly loses the ball to Mendes, and he makes a brilliant run into the box, leaving Raveloson on the floor in the process. He lifts it up on the edge of the six-yard box and Soler glances the header on and none of the Auxerre defenders can stop it from bouncing in at the far post. 2-0 PSG!,1

MBAPPE SCORES! Auxerre just couldn't clear their lines after PSG's last attack, and Messi keeps it alive by lifting it out to Mendes. He quickly gets his head up before picking out Mbappe at the near post, and he lifts a leg to poke it past Costil. 1-0 PSG!,1

Sepe goes into the book for timewasting, grabbing the ball to prevent the corner from being taken quickly.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! THE GOAL COUNTS!!! 2-2!!! The referee was concerned about an offside as Brozovic released Candreva. However, the Inter midfielder was not offside as he collected the ball before teeing up Lukaku. The Belgian finishes in style with a neat turn and volley into the net from close range to score the equaliser.,1

Candreva disagrees with a decision from the referee to award a throw-in to Parma and goes into the book for dissent.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GERVINHO FIRES IN FROM CLOSE RANGE!! 2-1 PARMA!! Another goal is gifted to Parma by the Inter defence. Bastoni fails to read a long ball and misses his header. Karamoh gathers on the right flank and runs at Godin, surging into the box. He spots Gervinho in acres of space and picks out his team-mate. The Ivorian strikes low into the left bottom corner and Handanovic cannot make the stop despite getting a hand to the attempt.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KARAMOH SCORES A STUNNING STRIKE!!! 1-1!!! Skriniar gives the ball away and Karamoh seizes on it in the Inter half. He runs at the backline before opening up space for a strike on his right foot from the edge of the box. His effort soars past Handanovic into the top left corner. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CANDREVA PUTS INTER AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! Dermaku rises to clear the danger from the corner, but heads the ball straight to Candreva on the edge of the box. The Italian lines up a strike on the half-volley and it deflects off the leg of the Parma defender to wrong foot Sepe to find the back of the net.,1

That's the final piece of action for Jota, he's the last Wolves substitution, with Podence his replacement.,0

GOOOAAALLL! That's the hat-trick for Jota, he makes it 4-0! The winger cuts in from the left wing, beats a couple of defenders and then powers the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1

Sanchez is booked for a blatant foul on Jota as the winger tried to break into the Espanyol penalty area.,2

Third and final Espanyol substitution now, with Gomez limping off and he has been replaced by Darder.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Jota makes it 3-0 to Wolves! Another goal for Jota and that's surely the game wrapped up now and sets up Wolves very nicely for the return leg next week. It's lovely build-up play between Doherty and Jimenez, with the right-back then playing the ball through the Espanyol defence to Jota, who smashes it into the top corner of the net, with a slight deflection taking it out of the path of Prieto.,1

Victor Gomez is booked after he drags Jota down as the winger looked to break forward. Both players go down as Jota's arm strikes the Espanyol man in the face as he tries to shrug him off.,2

Here is the Wolves substitution, with Traore heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Dendoncker.,0

GOOOAAALLL! What a goal by Neves! Wolves double their lead, it's 2-0! Espanyol thought they'd cleared the danger, as the ball flies out to Neves on the edge of the box, but Neves chests it down and then volleys it straight into the top left-hand corner of the net. Terrific volley by the midfielder, with Prieto having no chance of saving it!,1

Iturraspe is just shown a yellow card after a clash with Jota, the Espanyol man fouls Jota and the Wolves winger reacts angrily and the two clash heads, with Iturraspe appearing to lunge forward with his head. However, only a yellow is shown, despite the appeals from the Wolves players.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Wolves take the lead, it's 1-0! Lovely flick on by Jimenez at the near post as a corner from Moutinho is whipped towards the near post and Jota is in the right place, at the right time, to slide the ball into the back of the net from close range. It takes a big deflection off Sanchez on its way on though.,1

Dendoncker is next to go. Traore, who caused Manchester City such difficulty, comes on. Wolves will switch to 3-4-3.,0

Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo decides to make two changes. First, Neves goes off. Saiss will replace him.,0

Lallana is booked for a bad foul on Jota. You sense he's still a bit frustrated from how long VAR took to allow the goal earlier. There'll be three added minutes in this half, by the way.,2

GOAL! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! The referee points to the centre circle - Mane's goal stands! Wolves aren't happy.,1

CHELSEA STEAL ALL THREE POINTS!!! What a way to end it! Boyhood Manchester United fan Palmer completes his hat-trick! Shortly after Chukwuemeka has a shot blocked wide for a corner, the free-scoring Chelsea forward is left unmarked on the edge of the area. Found by Fernandez, he lashes it home via a big deflection off McTominay! It's now 4-3 to the Blues, who led 2-0 and then trailed 3-2!,1

IT'S 3-3 AT STAMFORD BRIDGE!!! A fitting conclusion to what has been a chaotic encounter! Palmer again sends Onana the wrong way from 12 yards, slotting his second penalty into the bottom-right corner! That brings Chelsea level on 100 minutes, after they'd thrown away a two-goal advantage!,1

Arriving to a chorus of boos, Chelsea academy product Mount is introduced to Manchester United's midfield; Garnacho departs, having become the first teenager to score two or more goals in three Premier League matches during any season since Michael Owen in 1998-99.,0

Chukwuemeka will bolster Chelsea's midfield, as Caicedo - who accidentally triggered Man United's fightback by teeing up Garnacho's first goal - is withdrawn.,0

Pochettino reacts by sending on two substitutes: first, Mudryk is replaced by Sterling in the final third.,0

GARNACHO!!! 3-2 UNITED! THE COMEBACK IS COMPLETE! Garnacho scores, but he owes a huge debt of gratitude to Antony. As the visitors counter, the Brazil international produces a delicious ball with the outside of his left boot, and Garnacho beats Petrovic to head home.,1

Only on as a substitute for the injured Varane, Evans must now be replaced. Kambwala is sent on by a beleaguered Ten Hag.,0

As Varane picked up another injury during the first half, he has not been able to return; Evans replaces him in central defence.,0

IT'S 2-2 AT THE BRIDGE! Manchester United have dragged themselves level! Onana starts a counter-attack that sees Bruno Fernandes drive forward from deep, then Antony and Garnacho combine to tee up Dalot's cross from the left. Bruno finally arrives at the back post to head in United's leveller! What a brilliant way to haul Chelsea back to parity!,1

UNITED CLAW ONE BACK! And what a gift from Caicedo! The Chelsea midfielder presents the ball on a plate for Garnacho, who does not hesitate to streak forward towards the area and then coolly slot past Petrovic from 10 yards! The goalkeeper had no chance, and it's now just 2-1 to Chelsea! Man United are suddenly offered an unexpected route back into the game!,1

The first yellow card of the game is flashed towards Gusto, who clearly brings down Garnacho not far outside Chelsea's area.,2

ICE-COLD COLE PALMER STRIKES AGAIN! Calmly sending Onana the wrong way from 12 yards, boyhood Manchester United fan strokes his spot-kick into the bottom-right corner! That's his 17th goal of a superb debut season for the Blues, who now lead 2-0! We're not even midway through the first half!,1

CHELSEA LEAD 1-0! Gallagher guides it home from near the penalty spot, and Onana just can't keep it out! Gusto's deflected cross from the right byline falls beautifully for Chelsea's captain, who side-foots it firmly into the back of the net! The hosts have taken an early lead at Stamford Bridge!,1

McGinn leaves a late foot on Brownhill after the Burnley captain has given the ball away, warranting a late, needless yellow card for the Villa skipper.,2

Martinez takes his time (and a bit more too) to take the goal-kick, being met by a yellow card from the referee after he's finally released it!,2

Leander Dendoncker enters the fray late for the Villans, replacing Bailey with a mind to keeping hold of their slender 3-2 lead.,0

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Douglas Luiz dispatches the penalty – just – taking a long run-up and seeing his effort bounce off the underside of the bar twice before nestling in the corner!!! Trafford guessed the right way but could do nothing about that, and Villa go 3-2 up with injury time just seconds away!,1

There's some pushing and shoving in the box between Roberts and Villa's Jacob Ramsey, and the latter is shown a yellow card as Douglas Luiz prepares to step up.,2

Diaby's been somewhat profligate in front of goal in this second half, and comes off now for Jhon Duran to potentially provide a late impact for the Villans.,0

Gudmundsson's header to set up Foster will be his last contribution of the game, as Connor Roberts replaces him out wide with just over 15 minutes to go here.,0

Odobert's been unable to make it three goals in three straight away games for Burnley, but having seen his side equalise despite being down to 10 men, Vincent Kompany wisely brings on fresh legs in the form of Mike Tresor.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! The 10 men of Burnley have equalised!!! Trafford's goal-kick is nodded on by Gudmundsson, and Foster speeds onto the loose ball, getting away from the Villa defence and finishing expertly with a low shot in at the near post!! Vila go close at one end, and Burnley make them pay at the other, locking us up at 2-2 with 20 minutes left on the clock!,1

Diego Carlos could well be a lucky, lucky man to have avoided further scrutiny for that apparent handball, but it's his centre-back partner Lenglet who does leave the field, replaced in Villa's back four by Pau Torres.,0

Burnley, needing to bolster their midfield following Berge's red card, make their second enforced change of the match as Amdouni is withdrawn for Aaron Ramsey. His elder brother Jacob is in the starting side for Villa!,0

HE'S OFF!!! Burnley's task just got a lot more difficult!!! Berge allows Douglas Luiz to get goal-side of him after collecting a throw-in from Taylor, and drags the Brazilian back by his shirt. There's not much contact, but certainly enough to impede the Villa midfielder, and the Norwegian is swiftly met with a second yellow card that leaves Burnley a man down for the rest of this game!,3

Burnley's Berge is shown a yellow card by the referee, coming back to book the midfielder for an earlier challenge on Ramsey.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! The Villans are back in front!!! Another ball down the right from Konsa for Watkins, who cuts it back from the byline. Ramsey misses it at the front post, but Diaby doesn't, arriving in the centre of the box to slot into the far corner!!! There's a VAR check for offside against Watkins which takes some time, but it's eventually given and Villa lead 2-1 here!,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! An immediate response from the visitors!! Gudmundsson swings a free-kick in from the left which an unmarked O'Shea climbs highest to get his head to. It's a brilliant flick-on too, and Amdouni closes in at the far post to volley home from close range!!! From 0-0 to 1-1 in a matter of minutes, and we've got a game on our hands here!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Villa take the lead!!! Watkins chases down a wide pass and cuts inside before passing across the box. It rolls all the way through to Bailey, who sets himself before rifling into the top corner!! Trafford has no chance after a slight deflection off a team-mate in front of him and Villa lead 1-0 after a wave of Burnley pressure!,1

After dealing easily with a Burnley corner, Villa fire the ball forward through Lenglet and Diaby brings it down on the edge of the box. He shrugs off Delcroix but not Taylor, who clatters into the French forward and concedes a free-kick right on the edge of the box which is more than worthy of a yellow card.,2

Villa win a corner to the right, but Bailey's whipped ball to the far post goes behind off Konsa. He's adamant it touched Brownhill last and says as much to the referee, but oversteps the mark and is shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

Burnley defender Beyer has gone down in the box and will need to be replaced, with Belgian international Hannes Delcroix summoned from the bench to slot in at centre-back.,0

GOAAALLLLLLL - Pontivi 0-4! PSG save the best goal till last as Draxler chips into an empty net. Pontivi tried so hard to score themselves but left very few numbers behind at the back and that allowed Neymar to run into plenty of space. He waited until the last minute before playing in Draxler who chipped Daoudou with ease.,1

GOAAALLLL Pontivy 0-3 PSG - Mbappe makes no mistake with the penalty as he confirms PSG's spot in the next round. The former Monaco man ran up to the ball with real pace before sending Daoudou the wrong way as he fired into the top corner.,1

GOAAALLLLLLL Pontivi 0-2 PSG. The visitors get the vital second goal that should now put this game to bed and it is Neymar that grabs the plaudits. The Brazilian started the move himself and worked a one-two with substitute Diaby before latching onto the return pass and firing under the legs of Daoudou.,1

Booked when he was still on the pitch, Kampl receives a second yellow card for his protests about the claimed-for 'penalty' from the dugout.,3

Gulde's race is run, and Keven Schlotterbeck is introduced by Streich for the last few minutes of this marathon final.,0

Lienhart pulls danger man Nkunku back as Leipzig launch a counter from deep, and the referee shows him a yellow card.,2

Yet another Leipzig player finds himself shown a yellow card for dissent - this time, Forsberg is booked for his protestations from the bench.,2

An awful sliding challenge by Kubler on the increasingly influential Nkunku results in a merited yellow card for the Freiburg man.,2

Streich reacts to conceding the equaliser with a double change. First, Holer makes way for Petersen up front.,0

LEIPZIG BACK IN IT! Laimer's second attempt at delivering into the box finds the head of Orban near the penalty spot, and the defender's nod down to the back post finds Nkunku unmarked. The prolific forward slides in to force the ball home from a tight angle, and it is now 1-1 in the DFB Pokal final! It's anyone's game!,1

Greeted with a hug by opposition manager Streich, Kampl is the latest Leipzig player substituted by the desperate Tedesco, and Olmo will replace him for the final 20 minutes.,0

A fruitless final for Silva comes to a premature end; Szoboszlai is thrown on with instructions to become Leipzig's saviour.,0

Leipzig are losing their heads, as Kampl follows Simakan into the book for verbally assaulting the referee.,2

For protesting that a possible foul on him just prior to Halstenberg's dismissal went unpunished, Simakan is booked.,2

LEIPZIG DOWN TO 10! Trying to prevent a rapid counter-attack, Halstenberg hauls back the fast-escaping Holer, and given the lack of cover, the referee decides showing him a red card is the only option! Leipzig are both a goal and a man down now!,3

FREIBURG LEAD! Another attack down Freiburg's left ends in Eggestein thumping home the final's opening goal, after a cutback from the left flank is rolled into his path by Sallai, who gets a vital touch on the edge of the area. The underdogs go 1-0 up, and this sets the game up nicely!,1

Another Madrid substitute is booked, with Tchouameni seeing yellow for a two-footed lunge on Marc Cardona in midfield.,2

A needlessly aggressive challenge by Mendy on Pejino results in the Real Madrid substitute picking up a yellow card.,2

A crude foul on Fran Garcia sees Perrone booked. The Madrid man stays down on the turf, soaking up more time.,2

Another goalscorer, Vinicius Junior, departs the scene, with Mendy brought on by Ancelotti to shore up Madrid's defence.,0

Having scored and subsequently been booked, an eventful shift for Munoz comes to its end, as Kaba is sent on to save the game for Las Palmas.,0

MADRID LEAD 2-1! Los Blancos fight back for a second week running! After a typically persistent run by Vinicius Junior forces a corner-kick, Tchouameni rises highest in the box to beat Herzog to the set-piece delivery by Kroos, finding the net with a header! What an impact by the substitute - Ancelotti must also get some of the credit!,1

Opening goalscorer Munoz clearly clips Vinicius Junior inside his own half, and a yellow card will see him suspended for next week's trip to Granada.,2

MADRID BACK LEVEL! It's 1-1 at Estadio Gran Canaria! After a delightful throughball by Camavinga unlocks the Las Palmas defence, Vinicius Junior calmly allows the ball to run across him before picking out the bottom-right corner with a fine angled finish! All three points are up for grabs now!,1

Ancelotti has clearly seen enough from his team and decides to make a double substitution: first, the anonymous Brahim Diaz makes way for second-half specialist Joselu.,0

Kirian Rodriguez talks his way into the referee's notebook, after Camavinga appears to get away with a foul in midfield. He'll have to tread carefully now.,2

LAS PALMAS LEAD! Madrid trail 1-0 as Munoz strikes! At the end of a rapid counter-attack, Sandro squares a low ball for his team-mate in the area, and the midfielder coolly beats Lunin to find the bottom corner! Once again, Los Blancos are behind. Can they rescue this, as against Almeria last week?,1

After missing a golden chance to score, Rodrygo gets involved in a heated exchange with Valles, and shoving the goalkeeper results in an early booking.,2

GOAL!!! KOLO MUANI CAPS THE VICTORY!!! A short corner from the right carves Monaco open, and the visitors fail to deal with the low ball into the box. It sits up nicely for Kolo Muani, and the substitute lashes into the bottom corner to make it 5-2 to PSG and put a little more shine on the win!,1

Diatta is on in place of Vanderson, who took a heavy blow to his head earlier and had not looked entirely comfortable since.,0

Minamino has been lively, leading Monaco with five shots and four on target, but now makes way for Akliouche.,0

Hutter looks to capitalise on that bit of momentum with a trio of substitutions. The first sees Ben Yedder come on for Camara in an attacking change.,0

GOAL!!! BALOGUN GIVES MONACO A LIFELINE!!! Minamino plays a perfectly weighted throughball behind the PSG defence for Balogun. Donnarumma comes out to close the angle, but Balogun slides the ball past him anyway to cut PSG's lead to 4-2. Is that the start of a miraculous comeback?,1

GOAL!!! VITINHA SECURES THE POINTS!!! Mbappe has the ball on the left befoe laying it to his right for Vitinha. The young midfielder cuts inside before unleashing a superb curling effort goalwards, arrowing into the top corner to make it 4-1 to PSG!,1

GOAL!!! DEMBELE MAKES IT 3-1!!! Just as Monaco were starting to get on top in their hunt for an equaliser, Dembele potentially kills the game off with a fine finish. It all comes from Fabian Ruiz's fine pass, who lofts over the top for Dembele. A clever first touch takes him past Magassa, before overcoming the tight angle to rifle past Kohn and in to tighten PSG's grip on the game!,1

Singo cynically hauls down Mbappe and receives the first booking of the game. Singo will probably feel okay about picking up that yellow card as Mbappe was gone and bearing down on the Monaco goal.,2

GOAL!!! MBAPPE MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT!!! It is a superb penalty from Mbappe, who steps up before lifting the ball over Kohn and into the net for his 14th Ligue 1 goal of the season. 2-1 to PSG!,1

GOAL!!! MINAMINO LEVELS!!! Just moments after a howler from Kohn, Donnarumma makes a huge error at the other end to allow the visitors to equalise! Donnarumma receives the ball before trying to pass out, but he inexplicably gives possession straight to Minamino. The winger takes a touch before firing past the PSG goalkeeper, punishing him for his mistake and making it 1-1!,1

GOAL!!! RAMOS GIVES PSG THE LEAD!!! It is a howler from the goalkeeper, who spills Dembele's shot straight into the path of Ramos. The Portugal international is alert and makes no mistake, prodding the ball home to put the hosts 1-0 up!,1

Two more changes coming late on for the Hammers, as Coufal is replaced at right-back by Thilo Kehrer.,0

Kudus is also withdrawn having netted a superb opener to continue his glorious start to life in London, and Maxwel Cornet will slot into West Ham's attack for the final moments of this game.,0

Left-back Makengo is the next player to come off for Freiburg, and Lukas Kubler is introduced for the final 15 minutes or so.,0

Danny Ings also comes on, and will slot into the centre-forward position in place of the instrumental Bowen for West Ham.,0

With the game on course to end in a West Ham victory, David Moyes makes two changes to rotate the side somewhat, as Divin Mubama replaces Paqueta in the Hammers' attack.,0

Grifo hasn't been able to affect the game much for Freiburg, and the captain comes off for Noah Weisshaupt to replace him on the wing.,0

The previously free-scoring Gregoritsch has hardly had a sniff in Stratford, and is replaced early by Austrian striker Junior Adamu.,0

Eggestein also comes off with Freiburg being overrun in midfield, and Lucas Holer will look to plug those gaps for the flustered visitors.,0

Pablo Fornals enters the fray for West Ham in midfield, replacing the goalscorer and assister Alvarez nine minutes into the second half.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! West Ham double their lead!! Alvarez drives forward and plays a one-two with Bowen on the edge of the box. His continuing run splits the Freiburg defence, before finishing coolly into the bottom corner!!! 2-0 to the Hammers, and they're now in total control here!,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! West Ham take the lead!!! Alvarez scoops a delightful ball over the top which deceives the Freiburg defence, and Kudus races in behind to chest it down, engages Atubolu, and dinks a composed finish into the back of the net!!! 1-0 to the Hammers, who have that top spot well within their sights!,1

Konsa is down on the turf again and it is clear that he cannot continue. His injury forces him off and Smith calls on Hause, who slots in alongside Tuanzebe at centre-half.,0

Meanwhile, Mbeumo goes off for Brentford, with Frank bringing an extra central midfielder in Jensen on for the closing stages of the contest.,0

Smith introduces Watkins to warm applause from the home supporters. The striker replaces Young as Smith makes a positive change in search of a winner.,0

The bookings continue to rack up as Janelt now slides in very late on Young. It is a poor challenge and deserving of a yellow card.,2

Ings' frustration boils over as he is shown a yellow card for clipping the heels of Ajer as the pair raced into the Brentford box to meet the ball. The referee's mind is made up, however.,2

Frank responds with a substitution of his own. Ghoddos is the man to be replaced, with new signing Wissa coming off the bench.,0

Smith blinks first and makes a change. Teenager Chukwuemeka comes off after his first Premier League start and is replaced in midfield by Nakamba.,0

Cash is the latest recipient of the yellow card following a late sliding challenge on Mbeumo. Cash was always on the wrong side of the ball there.,2

This game has developed a bit of an edge as Norgaard now goes into the book for a rash sliding tackle on El Ghazi.,2

Toney swiftly joins El Ghazi in the book for a clumsy challenge on Chukwuemeka in almost exactly the same part of the pitch.,2

El Ghazi makes no attempt to play the ball and trips Ajer from behind, earning him the first yellow card of the contest.,2

GOAL!!! BUENDIA FIRES VILLA LEVEL!!! Ings cuts in from the left and slides the ball into the feet of Buendia on the edge of the box. The Argentine controls the ball and opens himself up before lashing a ferocious strike into the top-right corner past Raya, who had no chance! It's 1-1 now!,1

GOAL!!! BRENTFORD TAKE THE LEAD!!! A corner from the left is headed away but Brentford keep it alive through Canos, who drives down the right and puts in a low cross that Jansson flicks on to Toney. The striker finds himself unmarked in the centre of the box and fires an unstoppable effort into the top-right corner! It's 1-0 to Brentford!,1

A bit of a strange substitution from Spalletti, who perhaps wants to utilise the height of Ranocchia in the box? The defender is brought on here for the final minutes, replacing Brozovic.,0

Ionita has picked up a knock for a second time in this half, and that will spell the end of his night as he's replaced by Padoin.,0

Inter are lacking in defensive cover as Joao Pedro looks to break quickly before being taken out by Brozovic, who sees yellow for the professional foul.,2

Cagliari go to the bench for the first time as well here, with Bradaric coming on in place of Cigarini.,0

That's Vecino's final contribution of the night as he's replaced by the more attack-minded Valero for the final 20 minutes.,0

Vecino catches Barrella with a late challenge and that sees him into the book. He will be suspended for their next match, when they host SPAL a week from Sunday.,2

ABSOLUTELY STUNNING FINISH! Cagliari lead 2-1! Pavoletti just gets in front of De Vrij to meet a cross in from Srna, before guiding a fierce first-time effort in at the near post! That was an incredibly difficult finish, but the striker made it look so easy!,1

PARITY RESTORED! It's 1-1! Martinez does so well to attack the near post as he meets an exquisite cross from Nainggolan, heading a brilliant finish through the legs of Cragno! The striker is really rounding into form for Inter.,1

Skriniar goes on a bullish run through midfield, but a heavy touch sees the ball run away from him. He slides in to win it back and appears to get the ball before catching Cigarini with his follow-through, which sees him into the book.,2

Joao Pedro, who has only just returned from suspenseion, picks up a yellow for a late and rather untidy slide on Martinez. It's the second yellow shown to a Cagliari player in this match.,2

Cigarini trips up Nainggolan with a late slide, with the Belgian arriving first to a loose ball and looking to spring his side on a quick break. That sees the Cagliari midfielder into the book, meaning he will be suspended for their next match.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!! RASHFORD SNATCHES A LATE GOAL FOR UNITED!!! 2-1!!! Rashford latches on to Pogba's cross in the middle and after waiting for the ball to bounce he hammers he places his effort into the net. Pogba raided down the left and supplied a perfect cross for the striker. He couldn't take it first time under pressure from Ake and Begovic, but the forward held his composure to guide the ball into the net. A goal that surely wins the game for the visitors.,1

GOALLLLL!!!! MARTIAL NOTCHES THE EQUALISER! 1-1!!! United are level out of nothing as Martial continues his run of good form. Sanchez latches on to an offload down the right inside channel and cuts the ball towards the penalty spot. Martial is in the right place at the right time before burying his effort past Begovic.,1

GOALLLLLLLL!!!!!! WILSON PUTS BOURNEMOUTH AHEAD!! 1-0! The pressure finally gets the breakthrough for the home side as Wilson converts for the home side. Bournemouth's corner is cleared, but they keep the ball alive and Stanislas finds space to fire a low cross towards the near post. No United defender picks up the run of Wilson and it allows the forward to slot an effort into the bottom corner, leaving De Gea with no chance.,1

GOAL!!! BELLINGHAM SURELY WINS IT FOR MADRID!!! With Getafe seconds away from claiming an unlikely draw, Ancelotti's men snatch it at the death! Vasquez charges forward before lashing at goal from range. The shot is straight at Soria, who has made save after save for his team in this game and looked like he was going to easily claim. Incredibly though, he spills Vasquez's effort straight to Bellingham, who keeps his cool to tap home to put his team 2-1 ahead and surely on course for all three points!,1

GOAL!!! MADRID ARE LEVEL!!! Just moments after Modric forces a decent save out of Soria, the resulting corner causes havoc in the Getafe box. It is eventually cleared, but only to Modric, who curls another delightful delivery into the penalty area. It falls to Joselu, who places past Soria to make it 1-1!!! There is a VAR check ongoing though...,1

Rudiger goes in the book after catching Mayoral on the stroke of half-time. Perhaps more importantly, though, Getafe may have a chance to extend their lead with a free-kick in a great crossing position.,2

GOAL!!! GETAFE ARE IN FRONT!!! Are we in for a huge surprise at the Bernabeu!? Mayoral scores against his former team, taking advantage of a huge Madrid mix-up at the back. Garcia tries to lay the ball back for Alaba, but the pass is misplaced and Mayoral latches onto it, taking it past the oncoming Kepa and coolly slotting home. The visitors lead 1-0!,1

SANCHEZ SCORES! Inter finally have a fourth goal! It has been coming, and this time, Empoli couldn't keep them out. Dzeko gets a yard of space on Ismajli on the left of the box and puts a low cross into the far post which is helped on by Vidal. None of the Empoli defenders are picking up Sanchez, and he fires his shot in from close range. 4-2 Inter!,1

Martinez won't have the chance to go for a hat-trick as he makes way as well. Dzeko comes on for him.,0

Inter are making a triple change here, and Calhanoglu is the first player to go off. Vidal comes on to replace him.,0

Di Francesco tried to carry on, but it looks like that earlier problem is going to force him off. Just seven minutes after coming on, he makes way for Cutrone.,0

Martinez took his shirt off for his celebration and he's the first player to go into the referee's book.,2

MARTINEZ SCORES! And Inter lead for the first time in this game! Barella's clipped cross is blocked by Fiamozzi, but he can only put it back into the danger zone. Martinez is waiting on the penalty spot and he fires it past Vicario with a first time shot into the net. 3-2 Inter!,1

Empoli are making a double change here. Zurkowski is first to go off, with Henderson on in his place.,0

And Bajrami, who has struggled to make an impact on this game, also goes off, with Di Francesco replacing him.,0

MARTINEZ EQUALISES! And just like that, Inter are level! Barella nicked it off Asllani before setting Inter on a quick counter. He threads it through to Calhanoglu, who pulls it back for Martinez. He hits the shot first time and rifles it past Vicario. There's a quick VAR check to see if it was a foul from Barella in the build-up. It wasn't, so it's 2-2!,1

ASLLANI SCORES! It was a simple long ball over the top from Fiamozzi that caught out Inter's defence and Asllani just popped up behind De Vrij to bring it down with a lovely first touch. Handanovic rushes out to him and Asllani drills it at him, with the shot taking a deflection off the keeper before rolling over the line. Skriniar can't keep it out, and it's 2-0 Empoli!,1

PINAMONTI SCORES! It's another quick break from Empoli, with Zurkowski driving forward down the right. He fizzes a wonderful low cross into the box and Pinamonti makes a run across De Vrij before stretching to touch it past Handanovic, who was static on his line. 1-0 Empoli!,1

THIS TIME HE PUTS IT IN! 3-1! D’Ambrosio hoists a long pass over the top of the Udinese defence for Martinez, who holds Bijol off with strength and determination before slotting his finish past Silvestri! He makes amends for the earlier miss and gives Inter a virtually unassailable lead at this stage!,1

Samardzic also takes the place of Pereyra, who looked to be struggling a bit in the minutes preceeding the goal.,0

MKHITARYAN GIVES INTER THE LEAD! 2-1! GREAT GOAL! An Udinese chance squandered by Success at one end provides the hosts with an opportunity of their own on the counter-attack! Calhanoglu drives through the space left in midfield and finds Dimarco, who almost immediately pulls a low cross back to the edge of the 18-yard box. Mkhitaryan is first to the spot and meets the delivery with a side-foot volley that beats a scrambling Silvestri!,1

Martinez is also sent on with the hosts looking to take the lead. The previously booked Lukaku is brought off.,0

UDINESE EQUALISE LATE IN THE HALF! 1-1! Lukaku’s pass out to the left is intercepted by Ehizibue, who immediately pokes a pass forward for Pereyra. Looking to make amends for his earlier poor cross, the captain plays a lovely switch of play to the other side of the penalty area, where Lovric pops up and beats Handanovic with a curling shot!,1

Darmian slides into a challenge on Udogie and takes him down near the touchline, giving Udinese a chance to swing in a cross from a free-kick. It’s also a yellow card for the Inter defender - the second of the game.,2

Lukaku's had a busy two minutes as he's now shown a yellow card for his involvement in a scuffle with Masina.,2

LUKAKU SAVES HIS BLUSHES! 1-0 INTER! The Belgium international steps up and initially sees his penalty saved brilliantly by Silvestri but after a moment the referee blows his whistle and indicates a retake needs to be done as the goalkeeper was off his line. The striker makes no mistake with his second effort however, sending it the same way but this time beating his opponent!,1

Udinese are finally allowed to make the change, a full five minutes after Ebosse made way from the pitch. Masina is on in his place.,0

Moutinho is booked for deliberately trying to trip Walker-Peters as he sprinted past him down the wing.,2

Wolves have made a change ahead of the second half, with Kalajdzic coming off and he has been replaced by Guedes.,0

GOAL! Wolves take the lead! The counter quickly down the right wing, with Jonny sliding the ball through to Nunes on the overlap and he plays a lovely cross into the box for the unmarked Podence at the far post. Podence only has Bazunu to beat and he catches the keeper out, as he mis-hits his shot, so it bobbles up and goes into the back of the net. They lead 1-0!,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Jonny as he dives into a challenge with Aribo and catches him late.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MELERO HEADS HOME!!!! 3-2!!!! Levante are well and truly back in the game now! Madrid are caught out by a short corner, which giveds Campana time to lift a cross to the back post. Melero gets behind Carvajal to power his header past Courtois. A nervy 15 minutes awaits the home side now.,1

Marti comes on to the pitch as the visitors are in need of quick goals. Rochina makes his way to the bench.,0

Militao replaces Ramos at the back, which could be one to monitor. The Madrid skipper doesn't usually leave the pitch.,0

Hazard replaces Casemiro for the home side to make his Madrid debut. Zidane shifts out a defensive option for an attacking one.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! MAYORAL FINDS THE NET!!! 3-1!!! Levante are back in the game as Mayoral stabs a low effort past Courtois at the near post. Clerc raids down the left flank and works a low cross into the middle. Mayoral gets between Ramos and Varane to slot his strike into the left-bottom corner, but he does not celebrate against his former club.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CASEMIRO HAS MADRID'S THIRD!!! 3-0!!! It's all too easy for the home side on the counter as Casemiro converts from close range. Vazquez and Benzema combine to release Vinicius into space behind the Levante backline. He surges into the right inside channel before firing a low ball across the face of goal. Casemiro makes a late run to the back post to slide home his strike.,1

Vazquez goes into the book for using his arm to control the ball. It is raining in the Bernabeu, which could be causing issues with close contorl.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BENZEMA NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!! MADRID 2-0!! The hosts extend their lead with an incisive break. A mistake in the midfield allows Marcelo to send the ball long to Benzema and he battles with Postigo in the air. The Levante defender inadvertently nods it straight to James, who then releases Benzema through on goal. The forward holds his composure to slot a left-footed strike into the left-bottom corner. All too easy Zidane's men.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BENZEMA HEADS MADRID IN FRONT!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead as Benzema nods home from close range. Carvajal is played into space down the right flank and he cuts back to clip a cross into the middle on his left foot. Benzema makes a late run between the Levante centre-backs and latches on to the delivery. He guides his header low into the right-bottom corner giving Aitor no chance.,1

GOAALLLLLL! PALACE HAVE WON IT! 2-1 PALACE! They couldn’t have left it much later. Antonio wastes a chance up the other end, chipping the ball straight at the goalkeeper. Bursting forward, Zaha slides it down the right to Olise who cuts inside. Releasing a curling effort, the ball deflects off Cresswell, looping over Fabianski and into the net.,1

Substitution for West Ham. Benrahma is replaced by Lanzini. The fans did not seem to be happy with the decision.,0

Substitution for West Ham. Scamacca is replaced by Antonio in the attack. He failed to make an impact in the first half.,0

GOAALLLL! ZAHA SCORES! 1-1! Moments after Schlupp had an attempt saved Zaha finds the equaliser. Eze wins the ball off of Kehrer, passing it inside to the scorer who gets past Dawson before crashing it into the net.,1

GOAALLLLLL! BENRAHMA SCORES! 1-0 WEST HAM! It’s a thunderbolt from Benrahma. Paqueta slides it into him, with the Algerian shrugging off the challenge of Ayew and slamming it past Guaita from outside the box. It's his second goal in the Premier League this season.,1

Kluivert tries to sprint clear on the counter, so Justin cynically dives in from behind and upends the Bournemouth winger. That'll be a yellow card for the second-half substitute.,2

After shoving over Justin in Leicester's area, Kluivert demonstrates clear dissent towards the referee and is unsurprisingly booked.,2

LEICESTER CITY LEAD!!! Fatawu finds a beauty! In a game scarred by awful finishing, the substitute picks the ball up from Iheanacho just outside Bournemouth's box and lets fly with a wonder-strike! He crashes it into the top-left corner via a Travers fingertip, putting the Foxes 1-0 in front! A moment of FA Cup magic!,1

With Kerkez racing through towards Leicester's area, Fatawu lunges in and takes him down ruthlessly. That's a clear booking, and the home side have an inviting free-kick, too.,2

Scott brings down Choudhury, conceding a free-kick just outside his own area and picking up a yellow card.,2

Having hit the post today, Leicester captain Albrighton is also withdrawn; Fatawu will be his replacement.,0

Maresca makes two further changes, hoping to reverse the momentum. First, Cannon is replaced by Iheanacho up front.,0

A clear trip on Akgun brings Senesi a booking, so he'll have to tread carefully between now and the final whistle.,2

Both teams have made a half-time change. Bournemouth switch things up in attack, as Enes Unal is replaced by Semenyo for the second half.,0

A reckless lunge by Raikhy, who has been throwing himself into tackles today, upends Cook in midfield. Inevitably, he receives a yellow card.,2

Eagerly charging back with the aim of stealing possession from Choudhury, Enes Unal slides in from behind. That results in the game's first booking.,2

For catching Soule with a raised boot in midfield, Sensi becomes the second Monza player booked today. He will serve a suspension next week.,2

Monza are fading now, so Palladino makes two further changes to aid their hopes of sealing the points. First, Ranocchia replaces Machin in midfield.,0

Caldirola is withdrawn by Palladino, and Marlon will provide fresh legs in defence for the final 20 minutes.,0

Allegri goes for broke inside the final-hour, as De Sciglio is replaced by the returning Vlahovic, who will partner Milik up front.,0

Also taking the applause of some home fans, Juventus-owned Rovella is taken off by Palladino; Sensi adds more experience to Monza's midfield.,0

Following a fruitless shift up front, Kean's game comes to an early end; Milik is thrown on in his place.,0

MOTA SCORES FOR MONZA! A determined slalom run by Augusto from in to out opens up space on the left, and after the wing-back lays the ball off for Mota, the striker rounds two static defenders and slips the ball into the back of the net past a floundering Szczesny! Juve just can't keep the back door shut, and Monza are fully deserving of their 2-0 lead!,1

MONZA LEAD! The visitors strike again - and this time it will count! Machin plays in Ciurria down the right side of Juve's area, and the winger stays cool to plant the ball high into the net above Szczesny's head! It's 1-0 to the Biancorossi, and the double is on!,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! MESSI HAS HIS SECOND GOAL!!!! BARCELONA 3-0!!! The Argentine notches his second of the game as he collects Suarez's cross into the box. Messi controls the ball on his chest before fending off the challenge of Maripan. He has space and time to pick his spot, striking his effort into the bottom corner. A fine performance from Messi to start the term.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!!! COUTINHO NOTCHES BARCELONA'S SECOND!! 2-0!!! Coutinho gets off the mark for the campaign with a trademark finish. He receives the ball from Arthur on the left before cutting in from the flank. He feints the shot once to create room for the angle. The Brazilian smashes his effort beyond the reach of Pacheco to find the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MESSI OPENS THE SCORING!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! Barcelona score their 6,000th goal in their LaLiga history. Messi goes low, firing the ball underneath the men leaping in the wall. Pacheco unsighted cannot get across before the ball finds the bottom corner. A super strike from the Argentine to open his account for the new campaign.,1

Desparate for an attacking spark, Motta makes a triple change. The first sees Van Hooijdonk replace Zirkzee up front.,0

Chukwueze is on for his maiden Milan appearance, replacing fellow debutant Pulisic after a lively first showing for his new team.,0

GOAL!!! PULISIC MAKES IT 2-0 WITH A STUNNER!!! The former Chelsea man picks up the ball in the Bologna half, before playing a neat one-two with Giroud. Space opens up for him to blast towards Skorupski's goal, and Pulisic's brilliant strike flies past the hosts' goalkeeper and in!,1

GOAL!!! GIROUD PUTS MILAN AHEAD!!! Pulisic lofts a deep cross to the back post, where Reijnders does superbly to steer the ball back across goal. It comes to Giroud, and he coolly places past Skorupski to give his team a 1-0 lead.,1

PSG DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! INSTANT IMPACT! He’s only been on the pitch a matter of seconds but Draxler makes his mark on the match, receiving a Neymar pass on the right corner of the penalty area, before firing a low effort that dribbles between Omlin’s legs and in! 2-0 to the hosts!,1

Pochettino responds to Montpellier’s changes with a switch of his own, replacing Gueye with Wijnaldum.,0

Thuler appears to have injured his hamstring in an attempt to cover Mbappe and will need to be substituted off. It’s a blow for Montpellier, who introduce Cozza to replace him.,0

WHAT A HIT FROM GUEYE! 1-0 PSG! Mbappe leads the attack but his intended pass for Neymar is met with a deflection that takes it to Di Maria on the edge of the penalty area. The midfielder lays it off to Gueye, who sidesteps an opponent and fires an absolute thunderbolt that beats Omlin!,1

Ancelotti turns to Davies to shore up his midfield as we enter four minutes of added time. Richarlison is the player to make way.,0

The challenges are flying in now. Richarlison hacks down Townsend and is shown a yellow card by referee Kevin Friend.,2

Sakho gifts the ball to James. The Everton attacker readies himself to shoot from just outside the box but has his heels clipped by McArthur, who enters the referee's book.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! PALACE 1-2 EVERTON!! Richarlison stutters his run-up and makes no mistake from 12 yards, burying the ball towards the top-left corner. Guaita guesses the right way but cannot get a touch to it.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! PALACE 1-1 EVERTON!! A towering header from Kouyate drags Palace back on level terms! The centre-back gets between Richarlison and Digne to head home Townsend's right-sided corner, giving Pickford little chance between the sticks.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! PALACE 0-1 EVERTON!! James plays a delightful reverse pass in behind for Coleman and the right-back pulls the ball back for Calvert-Lewin to convert from eight yards. Palace keeper Guaita perhaps could have done more to keep it out having got a touch to the ball.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! RONALDO GETS HIS GOAL!!!!! 3-0!!!! You can't keep the Portuguese down as he opens his account for the season with a right-footed finish. Ramsey is the architect with an incisive pass to open up the Sampdoria defence in the right inside channel. Ronaldo displays his composure, firing his effort across Audero into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BONUCCI CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 2-0 JUVE!!! The Bianconeri get the second goal to take a huge stride towards victory. Kulusevski sends a corner into a dangerous area and the visitors fail to clear. Bereszynski miscues his clearance and allows McKennie to pounce. Audero saves the American's effort, but the Bonucci is alert to tap home the rebound.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KULUSEVSKI OPENS THE SCORING!!! 1-0!!!! Kulusevski scores the first goal of the Pirlo era at Juventus. Ronaldo sees his surging halted on the edge of the box, but Kulusevski pounces on the loose ball. He curls a left-footed strike through a crowded penalty area and finds the left-bottom corner with precision to beat the dive of Audero. A fine strike to open his account for the Bianconeri.,1

Ramsey makes a pressing run into the Sampdoria half, but gets wiped out by Tonelli. The defender goes into the book for his challenge.,2

Ronaldo gets his name in the book for a hard tackle on Skriniar as he tries to burst past the Slovak defender. Call it revenge for earlier. Ronaldo smiles at the decision.,2

Inter's substitute goalkeeper Padelli is sent off for questioning the referee's decision about Brozovic. Inter still have 11 men, but Padelli will no longer watch from the touchline.,3

Inter are starting to play ugly now with the game getting away from them. Brozovic goes in hard on Matuidi and is next to get a caution.,2

Inter substitution. Candreva goes off. Ronaldo's been thriving in the space behind him. Gagliardini comes on.,0

Vecino earns himself a yellow card for a foul on Alex Sandro. Vecino protests but the referee isn't interested.,2

GOAL! JUVENTUS 2-0 INTER! Bentancur finds Dybala with an excellent crossfield ball. Dybala jinks inside from the right and finds Ramsey. Ramsey returns the pass and Dybala deceives Inter's defence to shoot, firing into the bottom left corner. It's a fantastic goal!,1

Lukaku isn't strong enough in holding the ball and Juve counter. Ronaldo wins a free-kick as he skips past Skriniar. Skriniar is booked for that foul.,2

GOAL! JUVENTUS 1-0 INTER! Juve play forward quickly. Ronaldo finds Higuain down the left channel but his shot is blocked. Matuidi arrives on the scene and fires back into the box. Ronaldo picks it up and leaves it for Ramsey who blasts it into the net!,1

A late melee after Sheffield United give away a cheap free-kick in the dying moments. Ahmedhodzic is shown a yellow for his involvement.,2

Perhaps a last roll of the dice for Sheffield United make another attacking change. Archer comes on for Hamer.,0

It looks more precautionary for the Palace midfielder but Eze does make way in the end. Ozoh replaces him in midfield.,0

It looks like Olise's race is run as he goes down after that goal. His minutes will need to be managed having picked up a number of injuries this season. He does make way, in the end, with Schlupp replacing him.,0

GOOOAAALL!! PALACE LEAD! 3-2! The home side are ahead and who else but Olise! Mateta's cross in from the right deflects out to the Frenchman on the edge of the box who runs onto the ball before striking a wonderful left-footed effort into the far corner from outside the box. A superb finish to put his side in front for the first time this game.,1

Robinson, now, follows his Sheffield United teammate into the referee's book just a couple of minutes later after he brings down Eze in the middle of the park.,2

GOOOALLL!! EZE AT THE DOUBLE! 2-2! What a thunderous from Eze to bring Palace level. Olise finds him on the edge of the box but the Englishman still has so much to do. He jinks past Vinicius before curling a sumptuous left-footed strike which flies into the top corner. Grbic has no chance and the hosts are level again.,1

GOOOAAAAL!! SHEFFIELD UNITED BACK AHEAD! 2-1! Two shots and two goals for the visitors as Sheffield Untied go back ahead. Eze is dispossessed in midfield but it's superb work from McBurnie to hold up play before shifting it out wide to McAtee. The midfielder tries his luck from the edge of the box and sees his effort loop up off Guehi, wrongfooting Henderson and nestling in the back of the net. Palace are back to square one again.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! PALACE LEVEL! 1-1! Palace have been by far the better team since going behind and they get their deserved equaliser. Olise gets the ball on the right, opening up his body before curling an inviting ball into the box. Eze makes the dart into the box and it's an acrobatic finish from the Englishman, poking the ball home with an outstretched boot to bring the scores level.,1

GOOOAAAALLL!!! SHEFFIELD UNITED LEAD! 1-0! Just 22 seconds and the visitors are ahead - simply unbelievable. The ball is worked swiftly from left to left and as soon as Brereton gets the ball there is only one thing on his mind. The new signing cuts in from the flank and bends a superb effort past Henderson and into the far corner. Palace's first touch is picking the ball out of their own net!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GARCES AT THE DEATH!!! ATLETICO HAVE THE EQUALISER!!!! The youngster saves a point for the home side. He collects the ball on the edge of the box before burying a crisp finish beyond the reach of Dmitrovic into the bottom corner. It was a super strike from the midfielder, hitting his effort on his right foot sweetly to beat the Eibar keeper. It had to be something special to beat Dmitrovic today.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! ENRICH PUTS EIBAR AHEAD! Atletico pay the price for their lack of clinical edge this afternoon. De Blasis fires the ball across the face of goal and this time Godin cannot clear the danger. Enrich charges down his clearance, making the block before steering his effort beyond the reach of Oblak on the line. What a moment that could be for the visitors.,1

Godin brings down Charles and he goes into the book. The challenge eases the pressure on the visitors' backline.,2

GOAL!!! MALEN PULLS ONE BACK FOR DORTMUND!! Brandt does well on the left and lifts a cross into the middle that Reus nods towards the back post for Malen, who arrives to tap in! It's 3-1 now!,1

Goncalves will rue his failure to seal his hat-trick from the spot, but has had a terrific game and goes off for Nazinho.,0

Paulinho, who won the penalty that has seemingly sealed Sporting's place in the Champions League knockout stages, is replaced by Tomas.,0

GOAL!!! PORRO CONVERTS THE REBOUND!!! Kobel's penalty save from Goncalves' tame effort bounces back into play and Porro is on it in an instant, nodding the loose ball across goal and inside the far post! It's 3-0 to Sporting!,1

SENT OFF! Can does not escape with a cursory yellow, however, and is shown a straight red card! He only came on at half-time, but his clash with Porro near the touchline has been deemed worthy of a sending-off! Dortmund are down to 10 men!,3

Chaos erupts as Can is adjudged to have fouled Porro, with members of both teams and both benches congregating in an angry bust-up. When the dust finally settles, Zagadou is shown a yellow card for his involvement.,2

There's a double-change for Sporting as well, with Amorim bringing Reis off for Esgaio in the first substitution.,0

Rose's final change is to replace Pongracic with Tigges, introducing an extra striker to play up front in support of Malen.,0

Coates dragged Malen back in the build-up to his deflected effort and the referee plays advantage before going back to book the centre-back retrospectively.,2

Palhinha mistimes his sliding challenge on Bellingham and catches the youngster from the wrong side. The Sporting midfielder earns himself a yellow card as a result.,2

GOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM GONCALVES!!! Akanji's sliding challenge sends the ball to the edge of the box where Goncalves arrives and strikes the ball confidently, arrowing a rocket of a shot past Kobel and into the top-left corner!,1

GOAL!!! SPORTING TAKE THE LEAD AGAINST THE RUN OF PLAY!!! Coates pumps a hopeful ball upfield down the middle and Schulz fails to deal with it, allowing Goncalves to race into the box and slot the ball under the outstretched leg of Kobel! It's 1-0 to Sporting!,1

A late change from Pirlo sees Dybala replace Morata. Six minutes for the Argentinian to find the winning goal!,0

Zapata has been quiet tonight and he is given a rest, with Muriel entering the game with less than 20 minutes remaining.,0

Morata has reacted badly to a challenge from Djimsiti in the aftermath and he is shown a yellow card.,2

GOAAAALLLLLL JUVENTUS 1-1 ATALANTA - Freuler that is outrageous!!!!! Gomez's determined play works perfectly as he battles away in midfield, only for Freuler to take over. He takes aim for goal and drills his shot off the crossbar and into the back of the net. Szczesny was helpless, and it is GAME ON!,1

It is time. Gomez makes his way onto the pitch as he and Gasperini try to move on from their feud. He replaces Pessina who tried hard today in the middle of midfield.,0

The referee has no choice but to book De Roon after he chops down Cuadrado as he tried to counter for Juventus.,2

Nasty challenge from Rabiot and he is into the referee's book. He raked his studs down the back of Malinovskiy's leg, and that is a yellow card every day of the week.,2

Romero is shown a yellow card after going through the back of Morata near the halfway line. Silly challenge and a justified yellow card.,2

JUVENTUS 1-0 ATALANTA - Chiesa!!!!!!! Simply brilliant. The former Fiorentina player has given Juve the lead with a stunning drive. He collected the ball from Bentancur before making his way across the Atalanta box. He found a small space in the defensive line before curling a beautiful shot past Gollini.,1

As expected, Rabiot enters the fray in place of the injured Arthur, who can barely put any weight on his injured leg.,0

FERNANDES SEALS IT! Shaw picks out Fred in acres of space in the middle of the field and he has time to spot Fernandes' run ahead of him. Fulham are slow to close him down and he has a quick glance up before rifling his shot past Leno and into the far top corner. 3-1 United!,1

With one minute and stoppage time left, Fulham are making a quadruple change as they try to force this tie to extra time. Tete is the first to go off, with Cedric replacing him.,0

United are making their second change as they look to see out this win. Rashford goes off, with Fred on to take his place.,0

SABITZER SCORES! The game has been turned on its head! It's worked out to Sancho on the left and he picks out Shaw's overlapping run. He squares it into the middle of the six-yard box and Sabitzer, on the half-turn, flicks it over Leno and into the back of the net. After a quick VAR check for offside, the goal stands, and United are 2-1 up!,1

FERNANDES EQUALISES! Despite an absolutely manic few minutes, Fernandes keeps his cool from the spot. He takes a slow run-up and makes no mistake as he rolls his spot-kick into the bottom-right corner, sending Leno the wrong way. 1-1!,1

MITROVIC IS OFF TOO! Fulham have completely lost their heads here! Mitrovic went straight over to the referee as he was showing the red card to Willian, and he crosses a line with what he said before pushing the referee and putting his head towards him. Fulham are down to nine men in a matter of seconds!,3

WILLIAN IS OFF! The referee is left with no choice but to also show a red card to Willian after denying a clear goal-scoring opportunity with his hand on the line. He's shaking his head in disbelief, but he can't argue with that.,3

Antony knocks it past Robinson, who had already committed himself to the challenge. He brings him down and goes into the book.,2

United are making the first change of the game. McTominay is taken off, with Antony replacing him, and that means Fernandes will be dropping back into a deeper role.,0

MITROVIC SCORES! It's been coming from Fulham! United concede another corner, and Pereira's cross is missed by Fernandes. Diop gets in front of Martinez to flick it onto the edge of the six-yard box and Mitrovic makes no mistake as he sends it into the back of the net from close range for his first FA Cup goal. 1-0 Fulham!,1

Mitrovic starts to spin away from Maguire, so the defender wrestles him to the ground. It's a costly booking that would see him miss the semi-final if United get there.,2

Sancho threatens to break on the counter after intercepting Pereira's poor cross, and the Brazilian just tugs him back to earn the first booking of the game.,2

Porto are making the first change of the game and it's Diaz, who scored against City in the reverse fixture, that's coming on for Corona.,0

Rodri picks up the first yellow card after he catches Marega in the face with his elbow when he tries to shield the ball.,2

After the chaos surrounding the penalty, Molumby comes on to replace Gross in the final stages of this game.,0

RED CARD! Things are heating up as Lamptey catches Grealish and referee Oliver deems it enough to give Brighton's right-wing back his second yellow of the game. The youngster was only given his first booking five minutes ago and now he has been given his marching orders!,3

Grealish is booked for his involvement in the altercation with Veltman after the defender had clashed with Trezeguet off of the ball.,2

Despite deliberation over Welbeck's fitness, Maupay is the man chosen to come off for defender Burn as Potter looks to defend Brighton's 2-1 lead.,0

GOALLL!! 2-1 BRIGHTON! Gross has space on the right of the area and drills a pass towards March on the other side. March then produces a measured right-footed finish into the top right corner from the edge of the area. Despite Martinez's best efforts, he cannot even get a fingertip to it as it flies into the net!,1

GOALLLL!!! 1-1! Villa equalise immediately after the break through Konsa. Initially, Traore whips in a wonderful left-footed free-kick before the centre-back ghosted in at the back post to volley past Ryan with his right foot.,1

Lallana does not return from the dressing room at half-time, after struggling with a tight groin, and is substituted off for Veltman before the second half can start.,0

Targett feels he was caught by Maupay's hand but play goes on wide on the left. Villa's left-back then looks to seek revenge and clatters into Maupay, earning him a deserved booking from referee Oliver.,2

GOALLLL!!! 1-0 BRIGHTON! Out of nowhere, Welbeck finds himself completely unmarked on the halfway line. After receiving Lallana's pass, he travels half the length of the pitch before calmly chipping over Martinez from inside the area.,1

After pulling his hamstring two minutes into the game, Barkley is forced off and will be replaced by Traore.,0

FIVE-STAR FULHAM! It's another quintet for the Cottagers! Wilson strides clear from Reed's throughball, then delays before releasing Vinicius in the area, and the latter slots home past an exposed Fabianski. That puts the seal on an awful day for West Ham - but the home fans don't mind! It's Fulham 5-0 West Ham!!,1

On a booking, Palhinha is withdrawn too; Reed replaces the Portugal international in central midfield.,0

Having careered into the back of Bowen in central midfield, Ballo-Toure is punished for his over-eager challenge, receiving a booking.,2

Opening goalscorer Jimenez departs to warm applause from the Craven Cottage faithful, as Vinicius jogs on to replace him up front.,0

FOUR FOR FULHAM! Half-time substitute Wilson has clearly picked up the pace of this game! Soon after seeing a near-post shot saved, he finds the top-left corner from just outside the area! The Welsh winger receives a pass from Cairney, then takes one touch before beating Fabianski with a stunner: 4-0 to Fulham!,1

Mavropanos is also introduced, perhaps signalling a shift towards a back three, with Cresswell making way.,0

After picking up a knock towards the end of the first half, Willian has not re-emerged from the tunnel; Wilson replaces him.,0

An ugly challenge from behind on Fornals earns Palhinha a needless yellow card when deep in West Ham territory.,2

FULHAM LEAD BY THREE! The hosts are running riot! After Iwobi's volley is blocked behind for a corner-kick, Pereira curls over a cross towards the penalty spot, where Adarabioyo meets it with a towering header - and he picks out the top-left corner! West Ham find themselves 3-0 down before the break!,1

WILLIAN MAKES IT TWO! After Iwobi has a low shot saved by Fabianski, the alert Pereira pounces on the loose ball near the right byline. His cutback is missed by Iwobi, but Willian meets it with a cool first-time finish into the bottom-right corner: 2-0!,1

FULHAM IN FRONT! Guided home from just inside the area, a trademark header from Jimenez rockets into the back of the net, after a superb delivery from the left by Palhinha picks out the hosts' Mexican striker! He finds the net in consecutive league appearances for the first time since October 2020, and Fulham lead 1-0 midway through the first half!,1

Controversially, Cresswell is booked for stopping Marco Silva collecting the ball near the touchline and dishing it out to a nearby Fulham player. He protests, but that's a yellow card according to the referee.,2

GOAAAAALLLLL! SAMPDORIA ARE BACK IN IT! Ekdal makes a Cavani-esque run across the front post and squeezes his header past Donnarumma who got a hand to it. The goal-line technology confirms the ball was over the line and we have a game on our hands again! 2-1!,1

GOAAAAALL! CASTILLEJO DOUBLES MILAN'S LEAD! Rebic was found in space behind the Sampdoria defence and his cut-back was brilliantly powered home by Castillejo who had been on the field a matter of seconds. 2-0 Milan!,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! MILAN LEAD 1-0! Kessie steps up and makes no mistake, chipping it high and down the middle to put the league leaders in front.,1

Calafiori has kept himself out of trouble for over an hour, but he is shown a yellow card for time-wasting.,2

WHAT A GOAAAAALLLLLLLLLL - AJAX 1-2 ROMA - Ibanez is the hero as he smashes Roma into the lead with minutes remaining. Fonseca's side won a corner, and after a near-post flick-on, the ball fell to the Roma centre-back. He chested the ball before rifling it into the far corner. Any striker would be proud of that effort!,1

Fonseca turns to his bench for a double change. Dzeko is the first man off, with Borja Mayoral his replacement.,0

GOAAAALLLLL AJAX 1-1 ROMA - An awful error from Scherpen gifts Roma a goal, and we are all square in Amsterdam. Fonseca's side won a free-kick on the edge of the box, and Pellegrini's effort was nothing special. Instead of making a routine save, Scherpen has dived too far to his left and failed to adjust his body. As a result, the ball has hit him on the hip and trickled into the goal.,1

GOAAAALLLL AJAX 1-0 ROMA - Ajax break through the Roma midfield, and after carving them open with ease Klaassen slots the ball home. The visitors were dispossessed on the edge of their own box, and while their players asked for a free-kick, Klaassen made his way into the area. A one-two with Tadic caused chaos for the Roma defence, and Klaassen was then able to tap the ball into the bottom corner.,1

Cairney came as close as anyone to finding a way through for Fulham in this second half with his shot from 25 yards a little earlier. The skipper makes way for Vietto as we enter the final10 minutes.,0

Loftus-Cheek comes on for Barkley in Chelsea's third and final change of the day. Sarri has taken the sting out of the match with his subs.,0

Babel, who picked up an injury a couple of minutes ago, is replaced by Ayite. Momentum is very much on Fulham's side as we enter the final quarter of the game.,0

Kovacic is brought on with a little over 20 minutes to play. Rather than the usual change, though, it is Jorginho who makes way and not Barkley.,0

McDonald is replaced by Anguissa in Fulham's first change of the match, giving Fulham something a little different in midfield.,0

Sessegnon has too much pace for Jorginho, who feels he has little choice but to bring the youngster down.,2

McDonald joins midfield team-mate Chambers in being shown a yellow card for his trip on Willian in the centre of the field.,2

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! FULHAM 1-2 CHELSEA! Just like that, Chelsea regain the lead at Craven Cottage. Jorginho may not be a fan favourite, but this is a superb finish, placing the ball out of Rico's reach after being teed up by Hazard on the edge of the box.,1

GOOOOOAAALLLL!!! FULHAM 1-1 CHELSEA! A little over five minutes after falling a goal behind, Fulham hit back through Chambers. It comes about following some atrocious defending from the visitors, as Chambers drifts towards the back post totally unmarked and volleys Babel's cross past Kepa from the edge of the six-yard box.,1

Chambers fouls Willian to halt a Chelsea counter, earning himself the game's first yellow card as a result.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! FULHAM 0-1 CHELSEA! Higuain scores the type of goal he was brought in score, getting ahead of his marker and finishing past Rico with a low shot. Azpilicueta is played in by Willian on the overlap and his cross is in the perfect zone for Higuain to attack it eight yards out. A well-worked Chelsea goal.,1

Ancelotti sends on his final substitute: young midfielder Martin replaces Valverde for the last few minutes.,0

MADRID HIT FIVE! Following Rodyrgo's sprint towards the box at top speed, the ball breaks kindly for substitute Guler on the right side of the Alaves area. He takes his time, picking out the bottom-right corner with a precise strike that puts Real Madrid 5-0 up! Alaves are being given a hiding here, and the champions are in full flight!,1

Having come out second-best in his duel with Courtois, Hagi now departs. Panichelli will replace him.,0

VINCIUS JUNIOR AT THE DOUBLE! Again, Bellingham is the creator, as Madrid's opening goalscorer turns and slips through a neat pass for Vinicius Junior to force past Owono and into the back of the net! It's now 4-0 to the champions, who are showing just why they've been crowned kings of Spain!,1

After catching Duarte when trying to steal the ball in Alaves' area, Vinicius Junior is the first Madrid man to see yellow.,2

VALVERDE MAKES IT THREE! Just before half-time, Real Madrid increase their advantage and now lead 3-0 at the Bernabeu! Bellingham finds Valverde on the right side of the area, and the Uruguayan's thunderous shot smashes into the top corner! It's a great hit, and that goal all but wraps up all three points!,1

IT'S 2-0 TO MADRID! Bellingham feeds Camavinga on the right, before the French midfielder uses deft footwork to move away from his marker and pick out Vinicius Junior just six yards from goal. From the such short range, he simply can't miss, placing his shot neatly past Owono!,1

MADRID LEAD! Both back in the lineup today, Kroos and Bellingham combine to put Real Madrid in front! The former clips over an inviting cross to the back post, where Bellingham meets the ball with a cushioned volley across goal - it bounces in off the far post, leaving Owono with no chance! It's 1-0 to the champions!,1

Milner is shown a yellow card for a foul he made on Lucas a minute or so earlier. Good refereeing to return to the incident.,2

Aurier's game is over and Lucas comes on for the final stretch at Anfield. Not a performance to remember for Aurier, who gave away the penalty for Liverpool's second.,0

Klopp turns to the bench and takes off Wijnaldum for Milner for some extra grit and energy in the midfield to help see this lead out.,0

GOAAAL! LIVERPOOL LEAD 2-1! Salah buries his penalty to the right of Gazzaniga, who's rooted to the spot and doesn't move.,1

Alexander-Arnold is shown a yellow card for a foul on Kane. It's needless as Kane wasn't going anywhere - perhaps a reminder of how young Alexander-Arnold still is! ,2

Here's the change many expected - Ndombele comes on, but Winks is coming off instead of one of Alli or Eriksen.,0

GOAAAAL! LIVERPOOL FINALLY LEVEL! It's the captain Henderson! He starts the move with a cross which Spurs deal with, but Fabinho dinks it back into the box and Rose misjudges his clearance. This allows Henderson to get in and volley the ball into the ground and then into the far corner! 1-1 and game on!,1

Lovren is the third player to be shown a yellow card, in his case for catching Kane's face with a trailing arm. Free-kick coming up for Spurs.,2

It's all heating up at Anfield! Rose flies in for a challenge on Henderson - to try and win a loose ball - but he's shown a yellow card. He'll miss the game against Everton next weekend.,2

Sissoko is shown the first yellow of a heated game. He fouls Robertson - tackling him from behind - and loses his composure in the aftermath, giving the left-back a shove to stop him taking a quick free-kick.,2

GOAAAAL! SPURS LEAD! What a brilliant start! Sissoko does excellently to skip away from a number of challenges and break the lines. He feeds Son to his left, who cuts onto his right foot and unleashes a shot that takes a touch off Lovren and hits the post - and Kane is there to head in the rebound!,1

GOAL! Drmic grabs a consolation for Norwich and it's so sloppy from Villa. McGinn dinks a free-kick backwards to Mings, who awkwardly hoofs it further backwards to Heaton. The goalkeeper rushes out to get rid of it, but can't get it clear and Drmic can simply roll the ball into an empty net! It's 5-1!,1

GOAL!!! WHAT A GOAL BY LUIZ! Villa are now 5-0 up and it comes from Norwich giving the ball away at the back again. Wesley finds Luiz on the left edge of the box and he curls a sublime effort right into the top corner! Great strike!,1

Cantwell makes way for Srbeny as Farke looks to grab a consolation in the closing stages of the game.,0

Hourihane hauls Aarons back to prevent a counter. The young right-back is incensed, and the Villa midfielder now has a yellow card to go with his goal.,2

GOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM HOURIHANE! Targett wins the ball high up the pitch and Hourihane takes it off his toes on the edge of the box before rifling an outstanding effort into the corner! It's 4-0 to Villa!,1

GOAL!! Grealish drives through the middle and Wesley's dummy run creates acres of space. The Englishman plays a one-two with El Ghazi before steering the return out of McGovern's reach and into the corner! It's 3-0 to Villa!,1

McGinn is out of control as he barges into Cantwell as the ball comes loose, picking up a yellow card.,2

GOAL!! Wesley makes it 2-0 to Villa! It's so easy for the visitors as they carve Norwich open down the left before a simple, low cross from Hourihane finds Wesley, who can convert coolly from close range!,1

GOAL!! Wesley puts Villa 1-0 up! El Ghazi swings a cross in that Godfrey misjudges the flight of, allowing Wesley to take the ball on his chest, swivel and fire past McGovern!,1

EVERTON EQUALISE! Finally, it comes good for Richarlison, as after Coleman misses a great chance, the ball is recycled and the Everton striker turns the ball into the bottom corner with a deflected finish. That's 1-1 with just minutes to play! Everton have surely rescued a point!,1

A hopelessly mistimed tackle by Alli on Maddison earns the Everton midfielder a yellow card - that was an awful challenge.,2

For his rugged challenge on Maddison while the two players contested the ball in the air, Richarlison is booked.,2

Everton make a second change, as Gray is replaced by a more conventional centre-forward threat - the experienced Rondon.,0

Lampard has decided to make a change in midfield, as Allan makes way for Alli - an attacking move by the Everton manager.,0

LEICESTER LEAD! Cutting the ball back from the right byline, Maddison tries to pick out Iheanacho in the centre of the area. The latter can't force the ball goalwards, but it deflects towards Barnes, who then sweeps the ball into the bottom corner, leaving Pickford stranded. Already, it's 1-0 to Leicester!,1

Grealish makes it 2-0!!! It's a brilliant goal too, as Foden's pass over the top from his own half was inch-perfect to allow his teammate to take a deft touch and then slip it through the keeper's legs to double his side's advantage.,1

City finally take the lead!!! Mahrez cuts onto his magical left foot and fires his side in front with a curling effort through Coulson's legs into the far corner to make it 1-0.,1

Ake is the first player to go in the referee's book after a late challenge on Jade-Jones as the hosts looked to counter.,2

GOAL! 4-0 PSG! It's simple enough, this one. Di Maria delivers the corner from the left and Marquinhos rises to pummel a header into the bottom-left corner from the centre of the box. Toulouse are desperate for this to end now.,1

GOOOAALL! 3-0 PSG! The main men may be gone but this is Choupo-Moting's night! Sarabia threads a lovely pass for Di Maria down the left, he holds the ball up and lays off Bernat on the overlap, and he squares for Choupo-Moting to sidefoot powerfully inside the near post with his right foot. Great goal.,1

After an own goal and a penalty conceded - both in extremely unfortunate circumstances - the youngster Goncalves is taken off. Said comes on as a last throw of the dice up front.,0

The 17-year-old defender Zagre comes on for Mbappe, who is a sorry sight. He trudges down the tunnel with a physio, his hand on his left hamstring. Another massive blow for PSG.,0

Leya Iseka is next to come on, a like-for-like change up front. Will fresh legs make the difference for Toulouse?,0

Toulouse are looking to pose more of an attacking threat here, as Dossevi comes on as the first part of a double change.,0

Sangare sees the first yellow card of the evening for coming through the back of Di Maria. Toulouse have to find a footing in the game here.,2

GOOAALL! 1-0 PSG! It's a wonderful goal from Choupo-Moting! He gets the ball on the edge of the area thanks to a rebound, twists and turns between four defenders, and fires in off the left post. His first goal since April!,1

Cavani can't carry on after tweaking his groin a few minutes ago. He's replaced by Choupo-Moting, putting even more responsibility on Mbappe to provide a spark.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! ALONSO FIRES HOME!!!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!! The Blues open up the Tottenham defence and Alonso provides a sublime finish to double their advantage. Giroud, Mount and Barkley combine down the right flank, with the latter rolling a pass towards the Spaniard on the edge of the box. Alonso goes for the strike first time and he connects with his left-footed effort, drilling it into the bottom-right corner giving Lloris no chance.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GIROUD PUTS CHELSEA AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The Blues take the lead as Giroud blasts a strike on the half-volley past Lloris. Jorginho releases the run of the Frenchman behind the Spurs defence. He creates room for a low strike that is well saved by the body of Lloris. Barkley latches on to the rebound and blasts his effort with his left boot on to the post. However, the rebound falls kindly for the home side as Giroud collects and smashes his effort into the back of the net from 10 yards.,1

GIROUD SENT OFF!!! Continuing his tirade against the referee sees Giroud receive another yellow card, and Milan's top scorer is sensationally dismissed! The Rossoneri are unravelling here, and they go down to 10 men!,3

Having reacted with unbridled fury as a handball decision goes against him, Giroud is booked by the busy referee.,2

Gonzalez joins the growing list of players yellow-carded today, as he clearly hauls back Krunic by his hips deep in Milan territory.,2

Dorgu is tormenting a floundering Milan defence now, and Florenzi's foul on the Lecce full-back results in a booking.,2

Lecce make their fifth and final substitution: Banda's shift is over and a right-back, Venuti, is sent on to replace the Zambian winger.,0

Having been substituted earlier on due to injury, Milan skipper Calabria is booked on the bench, after showing dissent towards the referee.,2

For blatantly hauling Dorgu to the ground by his shirt, Musah receives a merited yellow card. Milan's frustration is growing.,2

After a disappointing performance in the absence of Pulisic, Chukwueze is withdrawn; Jovic trots on to join Giroud up front.,0

LECCE LEVEL IT!! Now, it's 2-2 at Via del Mare! From the right, Piccoli rolls the ball across for Sansone, whose cute first-time layoff finds Banda on the edge of the box. The winger takes a touch to line up his shot, then coolly finds the bottom-left corner! Milan have blown a two-goal lead in a matter of minutes!!,1

LECCE PULL ONE BACK! The Salentini now trail 2-1! Shortly after leaving the bench, substitute Sansone prods in Blin's nod-down from two yards out! Banda's corner-kick caught Milan off guard, and now the visitors only lead by one!,1

Lecce captain Strefezza has his name taken by the referee, after he deliberately clips Hernandez, who is set to launch a Milan counter-attack.,2

Milan have made their second change of the game during half-time, as captain Calabria makes way for Musah.,0

Ramadani fells Okafor just outside the Lecce area, and a yellow card means the midfielder will now be suspended for the Giallorossi's next game.,2

Having bundled over Kaba in midfield after being caught out of position, Hernandez becomes the first player to be booked today.,2

2-0 MILAN!! After Chukwueze releases Reijnders in central midfield, the Netherlands international strides forward almost unopposed. He finally reaches the edge of Lecce's area, and with Pongracic still backing off, he places a neat finish beneath Falcone! Milan go two up down in Puglia!,1

MILAN LEAD! Giroud marks his century of Milan appearances with a trademark poacher's goal! Meeting a Hernandez cross from the left flank, the French forward bundles the ball past Falcone from close range with his chest! It's 1-0 to the Rossoneri, who have barely been out of first gear so far today!,1

Taking a cautious approach, Milan withdraw one of their main men; a muscular problem for Leao sees Okafor sent on as a substitute.,0

Masina comes off for Sema as Gracia throws another body forward in desperation, sacrificing a left-back. ,0

Hughes is booked for a clumsy challenge on Monreal on the touchline. He's made a few mistimed challenges and the referee feels it's time he saw a yellow card.,2

Emery reacts to his side's defensive vulnerability and brings on Maitland-Niles for Ramsey, reverting to a back four. ,0

Femenía is replaced by Success for Watford as Gracia looks to provide Gray with some more support up front. ,0

Mavropanos comes off for Guendouzi in another bold change by Emery. The remaining three defenders tuck into a back three, with Mkhitaryan and Iwobi tasked with providing the width and tracking back on the flanks.,0

Capoue catches Mkhitaryan with a high boot and it's a poor challenge. The midfielder is rightly booked.,2

A very bold change by Emery as Torreira is replaced by Ozil, with Ramsey dropping in alongside Xhaka.,0

RED CARD! Deeney has been sent off! Torreira is on the ball and Deeney tries to tussle with him for possession, but the striker catches the Gunners' midfielder in the face with an elbow and is shown a straight red card! Watford are down to 10! ,3

GOAL!! IT'S 1-0 TO ARSENAL! It's an absolute howler from Foster! He receives a back-pass and turns to his left. Aubameyang chases him down and gets a foot in front of the goalkeeper's attempted clearance, diverting it back into an empty net! What a bizarre goal! ,1

PSG LEAD 3-1! What a finish by Mbappe! His pace is too much for Guingamp, he controls the ball superbly, then just coolly chips it over Johnsson from a couple of yards out. The striker has really made the difference since coming on at the break.,1

GOOOAAALLL PSG LEAD 2-1! Mbappe fires PSG into the lead with just a few minutes remaining. The striker timed his run to perfection after a lovely pass by Di Maria, he then easily slides the ball into the back of the net.,1

PSG ARE LEVEL IT'S 1-1! Neymar waits for Johnsson to make his move and then just slots the ball into the other corner of the goal. PSG are back in this game and they look in the mood to come from behind and take all three points now.,1

PSG make a substitution ahead of the second half, with Weah the man who has been replaced. World Cup winner Mbappé is the man coming on.,0

GOOOAAALLL! GUINGAMP LEAD 1-0! Roux scores his first goal for his new club after a mistake at the back by Dagba. The left-back made a poor touch and thought Thiago Silva was coming to gather the ball, but there was a lack of communication between the two players which allowed Coco to nick the ball off his toes, laying it off to Roux who had the task of sticking it in the back of the net from 10 yards out. The striker showed composure and stuck it past Buffon.,1

We're going to see a Chelsea debut for former Leicester City loanee Casadei. He replaces Palmer, who has been totally anonymous, for the closing stages.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! DIAZ MAKES IT 4-1! Nunez may not have a goal to his name, but he does have an assist! Badiashile is playing the Uruguayan onside as he darts onto Mac Allister's throughball before firing a low cross into the six-yard box. Diaz arrives to steer it past Petrovic, and Liverpool's three-goal cushion is restored!,1

Konate is booked for a tactical foul on halfway to prevent a Chelsea break. What a game we have on our hands here!,2

GOOOOAAALL! CHELSEA GET ONE BACK! Two substitutes combine for Chelsea as they reduce the arrears! Chukwuemeka powers his way to the edge of the box before flicking a pass into Nkunku, who holds off Mac Allister before swivelling to the left and hitting a low shot across Alisson and in off the far post. 3-1. They couldn't, could they?,1

Szoboszlai's goal is one of his final actions as he is also withdrawn, with Klopp protecting him after his return from injury. Elliot comes on.,0

With the points surely secured, Klopp makes four changes in one go! Bradley is the first to go off, and he gets a standing ovation from the home fans as he's replaced by Alexander-Arnold. A man of the match performance from the 20-year-old!,0

Pochettino makes his fourth change after seeing Chelsea go 3-0 down. Caicedo was booked early on, so he is protected as Chukwuemeka comes on.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLL! SZOBOSZLAI KILLS THE CONTEST! It's another assist for Bradley! Liverpool take the sting out of the game with a prolonged spell of possession, then Van Dijk hits a booming crossfield ball to Bradley. He puts his head down and darts down the line, beating Badiashile with ease before lifting a cross onto the edge of the six-yard box, where Szoboszlai plants his header under Petrovic! 3-0 and surely it's game over now!,1

Nunez picks up an early second-half booking for kicking the ball away to prevent a quick Chelsea restart.,2

Chilwell is perhaps the most surprising withdrawal, though he was booked for diving earlier. Gusto replaces him.,0

Wow. Desperate times call for desperate measures, and Pochettino has made a triple substitution at half-time. Mudryk is on for the ineffective Madueke.,0

Nkunku makes his return from injury in place of Gallagher. That move will see Palmer drop into a number 10 role.,0

Now Disasi is booked for a careless foul, which prompts some complaints from Pochettino. Chelsea need half-time here.,2

GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! WHAT A MOMENT FOR BRADLEY! Liverpool have a two-goal lead! Bradley has been absolutely terrific so far, and now he has his first Liverpool goal! Diaz turns and scampers over halfway, with a collision between Jota and Chilwell opening up space on the right. Sterling doesn't track Bradley as Diaz offloads the ball into the right-back's path, and he drills it across Petrovic and into the bottom-left corner! 2-0 to the Reds!,1

Penalty? No, he's booked for diving! That is embarrassing from Chilwell! The Chelsea left-back drives inside from the wing, beating Konate, who flicks out a foot vaguely in his direction. He makes absolutely no contact whatsoever, yet Chilwell throws himself down and appeals for a spot-kick. The referee rightly books him, and he can have no complaints.,2

Now Fernandez is cautioned for a late lunge on Jones near the edge of the box. He joins his midfield partner Caicedo in the book, and Liverpool have a free-kick in a shooting position, perhaps five yards back from the edge of the D.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! JOTA MAKES THE BREAKTHROUGH! Liverpool have the goal they deserve as Bradley dispossesses Chilwell before feeding a pass inside to Jota. He has options right and left, but instead, he charges between Silva and Badiashile, taking advantage of a fortunate ricochet to wriggle through on goal before slotting his finish into the bottom-right corner! 1-0 Liverpool!,1

Messi draws a mistake from Ramos, who cynically pulls down the Argentine. Ramos is booked for the incident and keeps talking to the referee after the fact. He has to be careful.,2

Casemiro brings down Suarez from behind and goes into the book. The free-kick is in the range of Messi 25 yards out.,2

Semedo is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Vidal. Sergi Roberto should drop back into right side of the Barca defence.,0

Isco skips past Rakitic in the Barcelona half and it draws a clip of the heels from the midfielder. Rakitic is booked for his cynical foul.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! 5-0 CITY!! MAHREZ HAS HIS SECOND!!! Mahrez capitalises on a mistake from Ecuele Manga and crashes a low strike into the bottom corner. The Cardiff defender had initially done well to stop Sterling's run into the box, but his casual offload to Arter was intercepted by Mahrez. He cut inside on his left foot before burying his effort past Etheridge into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MAHREZ HAS HIS FIRST CITY GOAL!!! 4-0!!!! It's another brilliant team goal from the visitors. Sterling releases Gundogan down the left flank and the German fires a low ball across the face of goal. This time Etheridge stays home and it costs Cardiff as Mahrez latches on to the delivery at the back post to guide his strike into the net.,1

Mahrez replaces Aguero for the visitors, which will see Sterling move into the middle of the front three.,0

Ralls catches Gundogan late with a high boot. He gets the knee of the German and is fortunate only to see a yellow card from referee Michael Oliver.,2

GOALLLLLLL!!! GUNDOGAN SCORES A SCREAMER!!!! CITY HAVE THREE!!!! The German unleashes a spectacular strike from the edge of the box, blasting his effort into the top corner. Sane offloaded the ball to the midfielder, who then carved out space working a one-two with Sterling. The finish was a thing of beauty from the Gundogan, placing the ball beyond the reach of Etheridge.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BERNARDO SILVA SCORES!!! CITY 2-0!!!! The visitors double their advantage within the space of three minutes. Sane was afforded space and time on the left flank after he played a short corner with Walker. He sent a cross with pace into the middle that Bernardo Silva flicked on. His effort looped towards the back post, over Etheridge, into the back of the net. City have control now.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! AGUERO OUT OF NOWHERE!!! CITY LEAD 1-0!!!! The visitors put themselves ahead in the contest with a well-worked move in the final third converted by the Argentine. Gundogan and Bernardo Silva combined in the box, with the latter playing a low ball towards the penalty spot. Aguero made a move to get ahead of Morrison, firing his effort low and hard past Etheridge. A fine finish.,1

Jota is booked late on for Wolves, after he drags down Ozil as he looked to break into the Wolves half.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Wolves are level, it's 1-1! Jimenez has hardly been involved today, but he has come up with the equaliser. Moutinho chipped a cross into the box and Jimenez got above his marker and powered the ball into the back of the net, past Leno who was wrongfooted.,1

Another Arsenal change now, bringing on fresh legs in the midfield, with Torreira heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Sako.,0

Saiss is shown the first yellow card of the game, after he drags down Martinelli as he looked to break into the Wolves final third.,2

Arsenal make the first substitution of the game, with Lacazette coming off and he has been replaced by Martinelli.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal lead 1-0! Aubameyang with the opening goal of the game, despite Arsenal being under pressure for much of the opening half so far. David Luiz finds Lacazette, who is allowed time to turn and square the ball to his team-mate. Aubameyang then slides the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, out of the reach of Patricio.,1

Havertz is next off for Chelsea having been isolated up front for much of this game, and Christian Pulisic will replace the Germany forward for the final stages.,0

Carney Chukwuemeka is also on for the Blues, replacing Loftus-Cheek in central midfield as Chelsea continue to hang on at the Etihad.,0

Chelsea also make changes late on, with Hall, arguably their most impressive player in this game, withdrawn for the introduction of Kalidou Koulibaly.,0

Laporte also comes off for the Citizens, and Rodri will slot into the defence for the latter stages of this game.,0

More changes coming for City as they bring on further members of their title-winning team. Former Chelsea midfielder Kevin De Bruyne is next on, replacing Gomez for the hosts.,0

Having just been denied a second in this game, City bring on a man who lives and breathes goals. Erling Haaland replaces Mahrez, with the Norwegian no doubt in the mood to add to his record-breaking 36 in this campaign.,0

Gallagher also comes off for Chelsea, and Mykhailo Mudryk will replace the England midfielder as the visitors switch to a front three.,0

Chelsea make their first changes with both coming in the attacking three, as Noni Madueke comes on to replace Sterling for the Blues.,0

Gallagher leaves a late foot in on Gomez, and the referee blows for a foul. Fernandez, however, isn't happy and boots the ball away, resulting in a booking for dissent from the official.,2

City make their first change as summer signing Akanji is applauded off by the home fans, and John Stones, who has been re-invented in Guardiola's 3-2-4-1 system this season, is on for the champions.,0

Havertz clatters into Phillips off the ball, and is shown the first yellow card of the game for his challenge on the former Leeds midfielder.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Let the party begin!! City win possession with ease in the centre of midfield and Palmer strides forward untouched. He finds Alvarez just inside the area, who has all the time in the world to slot the ball beneath Kepa and into the far corner! 1-0 to City, and a goal of sheer quality from the champions!,1

There isn't much happening now, the pace is very slow as we just see this game out to it's conclusion. Targett is booked for a late challenge on Moura.,2

Here comes another Tottenham change, with Ndombele coming off and it is a straight swap in midfield, with Sissoko his replacement.,0

Cash is the first Villa player to be booked, after his challenge on Moura just inside the hosts half of the pitch.,2

GOAL! Kane converts from the penalty spot and sends Tottenham 2-0 ahead! The striker was brought down by Cash deep inside the Villa box and he then stepped up to take the penalty as well, sending Martinez the wrong way, firing it into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

Villa try and play a free-kick quickly to catch Tottenham out, but Lo Celso stops it and he is shown a yellow card.,2

Villa have made their first substitution now, with Traore the man coming off and he has been replaced by El Ghazi.,0

Here is the enforced Tottenham change, with Reguilon replaced by Davies. A straight swap at left-back.,0

GOAL! Vinicius scores his first Premier League goal and makes it 1-0! Martinez makes a mess of a clearance as he races out of his box to beat Vinicius to a long ball over the top and his clearance falls straight to Moura. Kane then receives it on the edge of the penalty area and it looks like he might shoot, but instead lays it to Moura on the overlap, who races into the box and squares it across goal to Vinicius, who has a tap in from just a few yards out.,1

RED CARD! Vinicius has been shown a red card. Mamardashvili got in the face of the winger, causing Madrid and Valencia players to argue. He is shown a red card for pushing Duro in the face after a VAR check. Duro goes unpunished for putting the winger in a headlock.,3

Mamardashvili is shown a yellow card at the end of a long argument between players. He got in Vinicius' face.,2

Madrid are adding more energy to their midfield. Tchouameni is replaced by Valverde for the final few minutes.,0

Modric is punished for moaning this time. He is shown a yellow card after a goal-kick was given instead of a corner.,2

Rodrygo is shown a yellow card after complaining to the linesman. He thought he should have had a throw-in, but the decision went the other way.,2

A very strange incident. Vinicius goes past Foulquier on the left and looks to drive into the box. However, there is another ball on the pitch and Comert kicks it against the one that Vinicius is dribbling and gives away a free-kick.,2

Ceballos was bright before the beak but has had very little impact on the game since the restart. Kroos is now on.,0

Cavani has not been able to make an impact in the attack and is now making his way off the pitch. Lino started the last game and is now on.,0

Valencia make a couple of changes. Lopez has scored the only goal so far and has been combative on the wing but is now coming off. Foulquier takes his place.,0

Carlo Ancelotti has seen enough and has decided to make a change. Rodrygo replaces Camavinga and will move into the attack. Asensio drops into the midfield.,0

GOALLLLLL! LOPEZ SCORES! 1-0 VALENCIA! That could be a huge goal in Valencia's battle against relegation. Gaya has the ball on the left and plays a short pass into the feet of Kluivert inside the box. He twists past a defender before curling a cross into the path of Lopez, who has a simple finish from close range.,1

Here are those Madrid changes. The fairly anonymous Hazard is replaced by the more direct threat of Mariano.,0

Madrid make that substitution. The quiet Asensio is replaced by Valverde who'll take his place on the right flank.,0

GOALL! WOOD! 1-0. Newcastle take the lead. Wood steps up and confidently sends Sa the wrong way before burying his penalty down the left!,1

Silva spins delightfully past Schar and the defender responds by hacking him down. The referee shows a simple yellow card.,2

GOAL! 1-0 Chelsea! Fabregas plays a superb pass over the top to Willian, who flicks a header on at the near post for Morata to smash home with a single touch.,1

Morata lets his frustration boils over as he loses his cool following a tussle with Juhasz and is booked for dissent.,2

Hustzi, tracking back from an attacking position, clips the heels of Kovacic and earns a yellow card.,2

Nego earns the game's first booking for pulling the shirt of Loftus-Cheek, who has to go to the sidelines to get a new one.,2

Souza has been overwhelmed in midfield, so may be glad to be substituted. Besiktas veteran Hutchinson is on for the final few minutes.,0

TWO FOR HAALAND! Dortmund go five up, as Dahoud swings in a corner from the left, and Haaland repeats the trick by leaping clear of a hapless Besiktas defence to head down into the net from 10 yards. Haaland is in search of a hat-trick, and it is now 5-0 to Die Schwarzgelben!,1

Bozdogan has been starved of the ball today, and is substituted by Besiktas, with Ucan coming on in his place.,0

Warm applause from the limited home crowd greets the game's star player, as Bellingham is rested for the final 20 minutes. Guerreiro is now on in midfield for BVB.,0

HAALAND DOES IT AGAIN! Within minutes of his arrival, Haaland has his 22nd Champions League goal in just 19 appearances, as he rises highest in the centre of the box to power home a header from Schulz's cross. Dortmund now lead 4-0!,1

Reus will not complete his hat-trick, as he makes way for Haaland to make his Champions League comeback.,0

ANOTHER FOR REUS! Woeful Besiktas defending allows Dortmund to put together a slick short-passing move on the edge of the box, and Reus then dances through with some neat footwork to slot home calmly for his brace. Dortmund now lead Besiktas 3-0, and they look to be showing no mercy!,1

Karaman barely had a kick in the opening half, and is now replaced by Rosier, as Sergen Yalcin seeks to reshape his undermanned defence.,0

DORTMUND DOUBLE UP! After a delay, Reus step up to slot his spot kick home coolly, as his penalty nestles in the bottom-left corner of the net. Die Schwarzgelben lead 2-0!,1

Welinton is sent off for bringing Dahoud down in a goalscoring position, conceding a penalty in the process.,3

An unpleasant hack by Montero on Bellingham sees the Besiktas defender shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

DORTMUND LEAD! On the counter, Bellingham's ball following a surging run down the centre picks out Malen on the edge of the box, and his rather scruffy shot slips under Destanoglu. The Besiktas goalkeeper will be disappointed with his attempt to repel the shot. Deservedly, Dortmund lead 1-0!,1

GOOOAAALL!! REAL PULL ONE BACK! 2-1! Real's improved second-half display finally bears fruit as Merino pulls one back for the hosts. Turrientes' low, flashing cross into the box is pushed clear by Donnarumma but only as far as the Spanish midfielder whose effort squirms into the back of the net. It's little more than a consolation but, at last, the home crowd have something to cheer.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! PSG DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! Mbappe with his second of the game and that should be that. The Frenchman springs in behind the Real defence - onto a through ball from Kang-In - before slotting calmly past Remiro into the near post. PSG now lead 4-0 on aggregate and have all-but booked their spot in the quarter-finals.,1

Kubo delivers a good ball into the box which is cleared away well by Beraldo. Moments later, the Real forward is into the book after a late challenge on Mendes.,2

A late challenge from Hakimi on Galan means the Moroccan is shown a yellow card. Both PSG full-backs are on yellows now.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to PSG left-back Mendes for a foul on Kubo. Perhaps slightly harsh on the Portuguese international.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!! PSG LEAD! 1-0! A huge goal in the context of this tie and it's another superb finish from Mbappe. The Frenchman drifts out to the left again before cutting onto his right foot and bending a wonderful effort around two Real Sociedad players and into the far corner. PSG now lead 3-0 on aggregate and it's a long way back for the home side.,1

PENALTY! Real Madrid earn another penalty after Benzema is ripped down to the turf by Mallo during an aggressive attempt to prevent the striker from latching on to Mendy’s pass inside the 18-yard box! It’s a spot-kick for Real Madrid and a yellow card for the Celta Vigo full-back!,2

Camavinga gets a rest after an impressive performance as Asensio is given a chance to stretch his legs.,0

VALVERDE ADDS ANOTHER! 4-1! Another Real Madrid counter leads to a goal, with Tchouameni leading the charge through midfield. He spreads it out to the left to Vinicius, who executes a trademark stepover before centring a pass across the penalty area. Benzema, who had slipped, looks to get onto the end of it but Valverde gets to the ball first and dispatches a first-time effort into the far corner!,1

Carvajal is shown the second yellow card of the match for taking Paciencia’s legs out from underneath him.,2

VINICIUS ADDS TO THE LEAD! 3-1! It’s another spectacular goal from Real Madrid, who hit on the counter with pace after Celta Vigo’s attack breaks down. Carvajal finds Modric in space and again the midfield maestro picks out a pass from the top shelf, playing it between the centre-backs for the streaking Vinicius. The Brazil international draws the keeper off his line and rounds him before tucking it away neatly in the empty net!,1

A SUBLIME GOAL FROM MODRIC MAKES IT 2-1! INCREDIBLE! It’s a sensational goal from the Croatia captain, who receives a pass from Alaba before cutting inside and curling a delightful shot into the top corner - leaving Marchesin rooted to the spot!,1

CELTA VIGO ANSWER BACK! 1-1! Aspas' long, winding run-up fails to put off Courtois, who guesses correctly but is unable to palm it away. It's a low shot hit with venom and it gets the hosts back on level footing!,1

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 1-0! Benzema steps up and calmly rolls his penalty into the bottom-right corner, sending Marchesin the wrong way in the process!,1

PENALTY! The referee takes a minute to watch a replay of the incident before coming back onto the pitch and pointing to the spot! It’s a spot-kick for Real Madrid, while Tapia is shown a yellow card for handball.,2

Vazquez has been impressive up and down the right flank for the hosts, and he's replaced by Nacho for the final few minutes.,0

Los Blancos wait until the 82nd minute to make their first change, as Rodrygo comes off for Dani Ceballos.,0

GOOOOAAAAL!!! Cadiz are back in it!!! Bongonda shoots from a tight angle in the box, but Courtois spills it! Negredo's rebound is stopped by the Belgian, before Perez arrives late to slot the ball into the empty net!!! 2-1 with less than 10 minutes left, and things suddenly get very interesting at the Bernabeu!,1

Sobrino is next off for Cadiz, and on comes veteran striker Alvaro Negredo, who spent several years of his early career at the Bernabeu.,0

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! WHAT A FANTASTIC HIT!!! The corner is half-cleared by Cadiz and Kroos plays it left to Vinicius. His cross deflects up to Kroos, who arrives onto the ball and smashes a precision volley through the crowd and straight into the bottom corner!! That goal had power, pace, precision and everything in between, and it puts Real Madrid 2-0 up!!,1

Alejo leaves a late forearm on Vinicius, again, but this time the referee finally shows him a yellow card!,2

Militao looks to escape the attention of Espino and Sobrino, but is caught by the latter on the near touchline and wins a free-kick, for which Sobrino is shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Real Madrid strike first blood! Kroos' initial corner is punched away by Ledesma, but straight to Modric, who finds Kroos again. His first-time ball into the box is met by an unmarked Militao, who drifts beyond the offside trap to head the ball into the back of the net! 1-0 to Real, and that will calm some nerves around the Bernabeu.,1

Lozano looks to skip past the challenge of Alaba but is unable to, winning a free-kick in the process. Alaba is booked for the late challenge, and that means both Real Madrid centre-backs have now received cautions.,2

Following that passage of play, Vinicius isn't happy at all with Fali or the referee, and is shown a booking for dissent by the referee.,2

Lozano looks to spark a Cadiz break as he turns Militao, but is dragged back by the Real defender, who is booked by the referee.,2

More drama right on the final whistle! Dijks has received a straight red card. It seems to be for complaining to the referee.,3

Now Bologna are down to 10! Sansone reacted badly to a challenge by Kessie, and the referee has again brandished a red card.,3

In response to losing Paqueta, Gattuso has made a change, though it is not a defensive one as such. Suso looked leggy, having put in a big shift, and Castillejo has now been introduced to add some more pace and energy up top.,0

Pulgar was the Bologna player who committed the initial foul on Paqueta, and he has received a caution.,2

GOAL! DESTRO PULLS ONE BACK. It's 2-1. Well, out of nowhere, Bologna are right back in this, and it’s the former Milan striker who has got the goal. The hosts’ defence completely switched off, allowing Sansone to float in a pass which Destro took down brilliantly before slotting beyond Donnarumma.,1

GOAL! BORINI MAKES IT 2-0! Well, all he’d done in his previous five minutes on the field was win a foul, but with one of his first touches, the former Liverpool forward could well have put the contest to bed. With Paqueta’s shot deflecting up and making Skorupski’s save a difficult one, the ball fell loose, and Borini was on hand to tuck home the rebound.,1

Borini's first involvement of note has been to win a foul, with Calabresi receiving a booking in the process. There hasn't been much football played in the last five minutes or so...,2

A first Bologna change sees former Milan striker Destro, who spent time on loan at San Siro in 2015, come on in place of Svanberg.,0

Another Milan change is needed now, with Calhanoglu unable to carry on after going down. He is replaced by Borini.,0

Sansone becomes the second Bologna player to go into the book, having clattered into Mauri. Moments earlier, a sweeping Milan counter released Calhanoglu, but his shot was blocked.,2

GOAL! SUSO PUTS MILAN 1-0 UP! Well, maybe that was a bit of genius by Kessie after all. From the throw-in, Milan pinned Bologna back, and the ball was recycled out wide before a threaded pass deflected into Suso's path. He managed to squeeze his way through a crowd of defenders, before planting a firm finish across Bologna's goalkeeper and into the bottom-right corner.,1

Well, Biglia cannot continue. He went down in a heap as soon as the ball went out play, and now he has had to make way, and is visibly upset as he makes his way towards the tunnel. Mauri, not Bakayoko, is his replacement.,0

RED CARD! Di Cabrine jinks past the final defender and Calabria drags him down by the neck just outside the box! The referee instantly brandishes a red card and now there's debate about where the foul took place! ,3

Silvestri is still booked for his furious protests, though. He could have easily avoided that by waiting for VAR!,2

The defender, Rrahmani,  is replaced by the striker, Tutino, as Verona change to a much more attacking shape.,0

Di Carmine replaces Zaccagni as Verona look to increase the pressure going into the final ten minutes.  ,0

Rebic replaces Paqueta in a positive, attacking substitution that should help Milan pose more problems against the ten men.  ,0

Paqueta is booked for a reckless challenge as he tries to quickly steal possession near Verona's box.,2

This game's in danger of boiling over as Piatek collects a booking for a frustrated lunge at Kumbulla. Milan need to calm themselves down and capitalise on their numerical advantage. ,2

Stepinski attempts to hook the ball over Musacchio's head, but ends up catching the defender in the face with his boot and is shown a yellow card. However, upon consulting with VAR the referee decides to send the Polish striker off!  ,3

Freiburg make their final change of the game as Grifo is replaced by Gondorf with only a few minutes left to play.,0

It is a double change for Bayern as Coman is replaced by Ribery with just over 15 minutes left to play.,0

Freiburg make their first substitution of the match as Waldschmidt comes on to replace Frantz. There are 20 minutes left to play.,0

Heintz goes in rather late on Lewandowski down the left wing and picks up a yellow card for the challenge.,2

Following the free-kick, Bayern fail to clear their lines and the ball drops to Abrashi on the edge of the box who looks to go down under a tackle from Hummels, but is instead booked for diving.,2

Gunter picks up a yellow card after cynically bringing down Muller after the German span away from him down the right-hand side of the pitch. He cannot have any complaints with that one.,2

GOAL! Lewandowski gets Bayern level! Following a corner from the right, Freiburg fail to clear their lines on numerous occasions and Goretzka is able to hook to ball back into a dangerous area from the edge of the box. Lewandowski does exceptionally well to control Goretzka’s pass before acrobatically finding the bottom left corner with a fantastic effort. 1-1.,1

Hummels receives an early yellow card after bringing down Holer when the forward appeared to be through on goal following Schwolow’s goal-kick.,2

GOAL! Holer gives the home side an early lead! Freiburg work the ball well down the left-hand side. Gunter finds space to swing a cross into the area and Holer rises well at the near post and steers his header beyond Ulreich and into the bottom right corner. 1-0.,1

GOAL! NAPOLI 1-3 AC MILAN! Hauge seals the win for Milan! Bennacer sets the Norwegian free down the left. Hauge gets into the box, shimmies past Manolas and stays on his feet despite a push to lash past Meret into the top right corner!,1

Milan look quite content to defend for the remainder of this game. Castillejo lands himself in the book for shoving over Rui.,2

Rui is booked for clipping Bennacer from behind. This comes seconds after Rui earned a free-kick near Milan's corner flag as he was blocked off by Castillejo. Napoli couldnt do anything with it.,2

Ibrahimovic will have to settle for just the two goals. He's certainly made his mark on this game. Colombo replaces him for Milan.,0

Now Kessie is the culprit rather than the victim, bringing down Petagna. A yellow card is the result.,2

Rebic also gets an early rest as Milan look to freshen up their wings. The 21-year-old Norwegian winger Hauge comes on.,0

Politano trots off without any obvious injury. Maybe that daylight robbery by Hernandez was the final straw. Petagna is on for him.,0

RED CARD FOR BAKAYOKO! Bakayoko makes a clumsy challenge on Hernandez and receives his second yellow card! Napoli are down to 10 men for the remaining quarter of this game.,3

GOAL! NAPOLI 1-2 AC MILAN! Napoli pull a goal back out of nothing. Kessie plays himself into trouble just outside his box and the hosts pounce. Mertens evades a challenge and squirms the ball under Donnarumma from close range! ,1

GOAL! NAPOLI 0-2 AC MILAN! Ibrahimovic is a football machine. Napoli's latest attack comes to nought and Milan break quickly. Rebic skips into the box and hangs the ball up to the far post where Ibrahimovic is there to knee it home!,1

Calabria finds his name in the referee's book after saying too much to the referee when Rui is fouled by Saelemaekers.,2

GOAL! NAPOLI 0-1 AC MILAN! It's a thumping header from Ibrahimovic! Milan's veteran striker times his run perfectly to get on the end of a Hernandez cross, looping his header into the bottom right corner. That's a great goal.,1

Bakayoko gets the first yellow card of the game for a challenge on Saelemaekers when the Milan man had already won the ball. Saelemaekers takes some time to get back up.,2

MILIK SCORES! Juventus are back in front on aggregate! What an impact from the substitute! He's only been on the field for just over a minute, but he drifts off the back of Romagnoli to get on the end of Weah's drilled cross. The defender doesn't know he's there, and the forward is left with a simple tap-in into the empty net. 2-1!,1

And Yildiz comes on to replace McKennie, who lasted longer than expected after picking up an injury earlier in the half.,0

Juve are making their first change of the game now. Cambiaso, who had one of their best chances in the first half, goes off for Weah.,0

Anderson has struggled to get into the game, only managing two blocked shots, and Vecino replaces him.,0

CASTELLANOS SCORES AGAIN! Lazio are level on aggregate! They picked up where they left off in the first half, and move it quickly upfield. Alberto guides it into his path, and Castellanos nudges Danilo aside before drilling a low shot just out of Perin's reach and into the left side of the net. 2-0 Lazio!,1

There's a change for Lazio at the break. It's a straight swap in defence as Patric comes on to replace Gila.,0

Locatelli slides in late on Castellanos to stop him from intercepting a loose pass. He picks up the first yellow card, and will miss the next game because of it.,2

CASTELLANOS SCORES! That's just what Lazio needed! Alberto swings a delightful cross into the six-yard box from a corner, and Castellanos barely shifts from his starting position. He rises high above Alex Sandro, who struggles to get off the floor, and thumps his header into the back of the net to halve the deficit from the first leg. 1-0 Lazio!,1

Atletico had kept five consecutive clean sheets heading into this match, but they have been unable to live with Juventus' attacking players. Koke, one of many Atletico players to have lost his head, takes out Ronaldo to earn a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 3-0 ATLETICO! Ronaldo sends the ball into the bottom left, the opposite way that Oblak dived, to complete this remarkable comeback. Yet another Champions League treble for the Juventus forward. Juventus are heading through!,1

Gimenez is booked for dissent. The VAR check shows that the referee Bjorn Kuipers, heavily involved today, was correct to award the penalty.,2

Juanfran steps into the path of Ronaldo to halt the Juventus forward's run and earn himself a deserved yellow card.,2

Spinazzola has been a key player for Juventus down the left-hand side today, contributing to wave after wave of attacks. Dybala is brought on in his place, possibly meaning a chance of tactics.,0

Bernardeschi is shown the game's first yellow card for catching Arias. The tempo has dropped ever so slightly over the past five minutes. ,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 2-0 ATLETICO! It's that man again!! Ronaldo once again gets between two Atletico defenders and heads Cancelo's right-sided cross towards goal. Oblak appears to pull off an incredible save to scoop the ball away from his line, but the referee's watch indicates that it crossed the line.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS 1-0 ATLETICO! Ronaldo, who has been far from his best in this season's Champions League by his standards - he had just one goal all campaign before today - gives Juve the breakthrough goal they craved. Bernardeschi clips a ball towards the back post and Ronaldo outjumps Juanfran to head it past Oblak.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!! SABITZER SCORES A BEAUTY!!!! 2-1!!!! Leipzig complete the comeback as the winger curls a special strike into the top left corner. He collects Klostermann's cross in the right inside channel, chesting the ball down. He strikes on the half-volley and he hits it with enough bend to drift it away from Kerzhakov and into the back of the net. A special effort from Sabitzer.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LAIMER FINISHES IN STYLE!!!!!!! 1-1!! Leipzig are back in the game courtesy of a quality finish from Laimer. Leipzig build down the right and the midfielder allows a ball to travel through him for Sabitzer. He plays a pass into the right inside channel for Laimer's run. The midfielder strikes it first time with power across Kerzhakov into the left bottom corner.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!! RAKITSKIY SCORES A STUNNER!!! 1-0 ZENIT!!!! The defender latches on to a loose ball and launches a half-volley into the right bottom corner past Gulacsi. There is no apparent danger to the home side as Rakitskiy collects 25 yards out. However, he is afforded space and time to take a touch before rifling his attempt on his left foot into the net. A super strike.,1

Barrios pulls back Forsberg on the charge and goes into the book, although it's a harsh one from the referee.,2

GOAAALLLL! GUIRASSY SCORES! The striker dispatches the penalty into the top corner. Neuer does not move from the middle of the goal.,1

GOAAALLL! MUSIALA SCORES! 2-1 BAYERN! Mazraoui plays a short pass to Musiala, who shifts the ball onto his left foot before bending the ball into the bottom corner from inside the box.,1

GOALLLLL! FUHRICH SCORES! 1-1! This one will count! Mavropanos bursts forward before playing the ball to Fuhrich who directs the ball into the far corner.,1

GOAALLLLL! TEL SCORES! 1-0 BAYERN! Davies beats Mavropanos down the left before drilling a cross to Tel who strokes the ball low past Muller.,1

Messias goes down on halfway having run his blood to water in this game, and a late substitution sees Ridgeciano Haps replace the Brazilian.,0

Genoa look to counter after Malinovskyi slides in on Yildiz, but play is brought back after the referee assesses the challenge and shows the midfielder a yellow card.,2

Cambiaso has operated from both the left and right flanks and been superb on either side, coming off late for Kenan Yildiz to see the game out for the Old Lady.,0

Sabelli has been one of Genoa's brightest sparks at both ends of the pitch so far, but the wing-back is withdrawn late on for Alessandro Vogliacco to enter the fray.,0

With Juve stretched at the back, Bremer does well to slide in and dispossess Frendrup on the edge of the box. He's met with another challenge almost instantly, but is caught very late by Badelj and the Genoa captain is shown a yellow card.,2

Samuel Iling-Junior is the latest wide forward introduced as the visitors look to inject more pace in the final third, and he replaces Miretti for the final 15 minutes of play.,0

Malinovskyi is clipped late from behind by Milik as he releases a forward pass, and a second Juventus player in as many minutes goes into the book for a completely unnecessary challenge.,2

McKennie slides in on Frendrup with a sliding tackle that looks clean enough, but after the referee blows for a free-kick, the midfielder's protests earn him a needless yellow card!,2

Juventus look to freshen up their attack for the final 20 or so minutes, with Arkadiusz Milik on in place of Vlahovic.,0

Ekuban stretches to get on the end of a flick-on but is caught late by Danilo, and the Brazil defender becomes the first player in this game to be shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! That's thrown a spanner in the works!! Ekuban makes an instant impact, turning away from three Juventus defenders to find his captain on the edge of the box. A series of flicks and headers between Badelj, Frendrup and Ekuban allows the latter to nod the ball into the path of Gudmundsson, who stretches to volley into the bottom corner!!! 1-1 just two minutes into the second half, and the Stadio Luigi Ferraris is rocking!,1

Genoa make an attack-minded change at the break, hoping they will reap the benefits early in the second half. Caleb Ekuban enters the fray in attack, with left-wing-back Vasquez the man withdrawn.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Chiesa steps up from 12 yards and powers a well-struck, low penalty into the bottom-left corner, putting Juventus 1-0 up in Genoa! Martinez, who conceded the spot-kick, dives the wrong way, and the hosts have a mountain to climb from here on in!,1

GOALLL!!!! 3-0 LEWANDOWSKI! Lewandowski gets his second goal of the game with an easy finish to the far post. The ball is loose after a cross from Dembele and Depay finds his striker with a clever pass.,1

GOALLL!!!!!! 2-0 DEPAY! Depay doubles Barcelona’s lead with a brilliant finish past Badia. Balde passes to Depay, who has his back to the defender. He quickly turns his body away from his man and finishes high into the goal with his left foot.,1

GOAL!!!!! 1-0 LEWANDOWSKI! Lewandowski breaks the deadlock for Barcelona as he finishes home a cross from Balde. Depay almost scores the chance himself but misses the ball, but the Polish striker is there to rescue the chance.,1

RED CARD! Verdu is sent off for Elche as the captain takes down Lewandowski to deny to clear goal-scoring opportunity. Easy decision for the referee.,3

A final change of the night for either side as Barcelona look to wind the clock down, bringing on Munir in place of Coutinho.,0

Martinez arrives late as he sends Busquets crashing to ground, earning himself a yellow card - the third of the match for Inter.,2

BARCELONA PUT THE MATCH TO BED! 2-0! A lovely run from Alba, who is picked out by an even better ball by Rakitic, and the full-back produces a striker's finish to coolly beat Handanovic from 10 yards. Surely three points for them now!,1

A second change here for Barcelona as Vidal comes on for some fresh legs in midfield, replacing Arthur.,0

The third and final Inter change sees Keita on to replace Perisic, who didn't have much joy tonight. A lot of pace in attack for Inter, now can they make something of it in the final 10 minutes?,0

Frustration setting in for Inter. It's a second yellow in quick succession for the visitors as Skriniar makes no attempt to play the ball, blocking the path of Suarez before shoving him to ground.,2

Brozovic hauls down Coutinho following a clever run from the Brazilian, which will see him into the book.,2

Barcelona's first change of the match sees Rafinha replaced by Semedo. A bit of defensive stability for the visitors.,0

Valero is the second of Inter's ineffective starters to give way, as Martinez comes in to partner Icardi up top. The visitors are going to have an honest go of it over the final 30 minutes.,0

Suarez is determined to get on the end of a ball over the top, and winds up catching Miranda unintentionally in his pursuit. The referee doesn't like it and deems it worthy of a yellow card. That's a bit harsh on the Uruguay international.,2

One change for Inter to start the second half as Candreva is indeed replaced, with Politano taking his spot on the wing.,0

SIMPLY SENSATIONAL! 1-0 BARCELONA! Rafinha finds the back of the net against his former side with a simple first-time finish from six yards, on the end of an absolutely sublime cross from Suarez! That was inch-perfect from the Uruguay striker!,1

After bagging a brace to help his side into the semis, Firmino is brought off; Origi comes on to typically warm applause.,0

BENFICA LEVEL! It is now 3-3 at Anfield, as Nunez powers a shot from the left side of the box into the bottom-right corner, following a throughball from Mario. Remarkably, it's 6-4 on aggregate in this wide open tie!,1

BENFICA GET ONE BACK! The VAR says there is no offside, so Yaremchuk's goal - in which he rounded Alisson before slotting the ball into the back of the net - will stand. Now, it's 3-2 to Liverpool on the night!,1

Benfica respond by bringing off Taarabt, and Joao Mario now has a chance to make an impression in midfield.,0

Diaz is the latest Liverpool player to be withdrawn - with next weekend's trip to Wembley surely in mind - and Mane comes on.,0

FIRMINO FIRES IN A THIRD! Liverpool go 3-1 up with ease, as Benfica's defensive line switches off, and he ghosts in at the back post to volley home Tsmikas' free-kick from the left flank. It is now 6-2 on aggregate: party time at Anfield!,1

LIVERPOOL LEAD AGAIN! Putting his side three goals in front on aggregate, Firmino takes advantage of an error by Vlachodimos, whose mistake ultimately sees the ball fall to Jota. The Portugal international then crosses for his Brazilian colleague to tap home from close range! It's 2-1 to Liverpool; 5-2 overall!,1

Benfica have made a half-time change, as Goncalves makes way for Yaremchuk, who will join Nunez up front.,0

BENFICA LEVEL! Out of nowhere, Benfica have equalised, as Ramos is picked out by Goncalves inside the area and drives a low shot past Alisson into the bottom-left corner. It's 1-1!,1

LIVERPOOL LEAD! For the second week in a row, Konate opens the scoring for Liverpool - rising highest neat the penalty spot to power a header past Vlachodimos and into the bottom corner! The hosts are 1-0 up on the night, and it is now 4-1 on aggregate: they have one foot in the last four!,1

WHAT A GOALLLL!!! NEYMAR SURELY WINS IT FOR PSG!! The former Barcelona forward scores with a superb overhead kick from Diallo's cross. It was almost as if it were scripted!,1

SUBSTITUTION STRASBOURG - Third and final change for Strasbourg, with Thomasson coming off and he is replaced by Prcić,,0

SUBSTITUTION STRASBOURG - It's the end of the game for Ajorque as he jogs off the ground to be replaced by Mothiba.,0

SUBSTITUTION STRASBOURG - Strasbourg make their first change of the match, with Simakan making way for Liénard.,0

SUBSTITUTION PSG - Make that a double change for PSG, with their third and final change being made. Kurzawa is off and Kimpembe is on.,0

YELLOW CARD STRASBOURG -  Ajorque with a sliding tackle on Gueye in the middle and the referee awards the subsequent yellow card.,2

SUBSTITUTION PSG - PSG make their first change of the match, with Choupo-Moting taking an early shower, being replaced by Icardi.,0

YELLOW CARD PSG - Kurzawa with a sliding tackle on Lala and the referee instantly raises the yellow card in the air.,2

Giroud's game is up and he makes way for Abraham, who scored a hat-trick against Luton in the FA Cup at the weekend.,0

Neto is shown a yellow card for a shove on Jorginho after taking objection to a tackle from the Chelsea midfielder.,2

The game is slowed by a raft of changes as Spurs settle for the result. Son is deservedly clapped off. Lamela comes on for him. There will be two added minutes.,0

Favre has had enough. Pulisic is hauled off and replaced by Larsen. He'll rue his wastefulness earlier.,0

GOAL! 3-0 SPURS! What did we tell you? Spurs win a corner on their left off Schmelzer. Eriksen whips the ball in and it's nodded straight into the net by Llorente. Dortmund look done for already.,1

Spurs make their first sub - Lucas is replaced up front by Llorente. No doubt the Spaniard will love all the crosses coming in.,0

GOAL! 2-0 SPURS! Spurs are in control of this tie now. Sissoko robs Gotze of the ball and passes wide to Aurier. The Ivorian whips in a quick cross towards the far post from deep which Vertonghen reaches just in time to lash it into the net! It's his first Champions League goal for Spurs.,1

GOAL! 1-0 SPURS! Yes, they can! Eriksen intercepts Hakimi's lax pass and passes to Vertonghen. The Belgian has all the time in the world to arc a cross towards Son, who volleys the ball spectacularly past Burki from close range!,1

Dortmund deal with the corner and Aurier gets an early yellow card for hauling down Pulisic as the away side try to counter.,2

GOAL!!! DZEKO FINALLY GETS HIS HAT-TRICK! It's 5-0 to Roma now as Florenzi whips a corner straight onto the striker's head, and he guides it into the bottom-left corner with aplomb for his third of the night! That's actually a perfect hat-trick, given he scored the first with his left foot and the second with his right!,1

Roma win it high up the field, but Schick flings out an arm and catches his man in the face, picking up a yellow card.,2

Plzen have essentially accepted defeat. Krmencik - their scorer in the 2-2 draw against CSKA Moscow, is replaced by Reznicek.,0

GOAL! KLUIVERT MAKES IT FOUR! Under races onto a long ball forward on the right, and tries to flick it goalwards with the outside of his left boot. Kozacik saves it, but he doesn't parry it to safety, and Kluivert pounces on the loose ball and fires it home! It's 4-0 to Roma! ,1

Ubong is replaced by Ekpai, but the substitute can offer little more than damage control at this stage.,0

GOAL!!! UNDER SCORES! It's now 3-0, and that should be that. Pellegrini slides another great ball through, this time out to the right, and Under opens up his body and places the ball across the goalkeeper with his left foot! The young winger has been excellent tonight.,1

Hejda becomes the first man to pick up a yellow card tonight as he makes a cynical challenge and prevents a counter-attack.,2

GOAL! DZEKO DOUBLES THE LEAD! It's 2-0 to Roma now, and it's Dzeko once again! Under floats in a delightful ball to the back post that the striker chests down before rifling a half-volley past the goalkeeper! That goal might relax the hosts now, and Dzeko will be thinking about a hat-trick before the end of the night.,1

GOAL!!! EDIN DZEKO OPENS THE SCORING! IT'S 1-0 TO ROMA! The Bosnia-Herzegovina striker continues his fine record against Plzen as he receives the ball from Kolarov on the left wing before racing past his marker and slotting a left-footed finish coolly into the far corner! It's 1-0 to Roma inside the first three minutes!,1

In a bizarre change, Inzaghi brings off Handanovic to allow back-up goalkeeper Cordaz a rare league appearance.,0

Barella stays down clutching his face after being brought down by Singo, who goes into the referee's book with a caution. The Torino fans are furious but the wing-back bundled the Italy midfielder down as he looked to latch onto a loose ball.,2

Juric takes the chance to make two changes of his own, the first of which sees Vojvoda come off for Aina.,0

Calhanoglu gets shown the first yellow card of the game after slicing down Buongiorno with a lunging tackle. Torino also get a free-kick in a good position to the left of the area.,2

GOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 INTER! Brozovic opens the scoring by drilling a left-footed attempt into the bottom-right corner. Torino initially offered the Croatia midfielder too much space outside the box following Lukaku’s offload and he makes them pay. Milinkovic-Savic may feel he should have done better with his attempted save, too.,1

Burnley make a final change: Delcroix comes on for Tresor, who only arrived as a half-time substitute.,0

Two more changes for Burnley, as Kompany seeks to get his side over the line: Odobert departs with a goal and an assist to his name; Roberts comes on.,0

BERGE PUTS BURNLEY TWO UP! Invited to stride forward from midfield after collecting a pass from Odobert, Berge reaches the edge of Fulham's area, then drives his shot past Leno and into the bottom-left corner! It's now 2-0 to the Clarets, who are closing in on a rare away victory!,1

Burnley also take the opportunity to make their second change. Foster is replaced by Rodriguez, who makes his 250th Premier League appearance.,0

A clear foul on Berge ensures Joao Palhinha picks up his customary booking - that's his eighth yellow card of the season.,2

BURNLEY BREAK THE DEADLOCK! Flying out of the blocks at the start of this second half, the Clarets strike first! Odobert exchanges passes with Foster on the edge of Fulham's area, then lets fly with a rocket that nestles in the right-hand side of Leno's net! The goalkeeper had no chance! It's 1-0 to Burnley!,1

Burnley have made a half-time substitution: Kompany replaces Bruun Larsen with Tresor for the second half.,0

After catching Burnley captain Brownhill with a stray arm, Bassey is booked by the referee. That's the first yellow card of today's game.,2

HESTAD!!! 2-1 MOLDE! The midfielder calmly sends Silva the wrong way from the penalty spot. Although, it is probably no more than a consolation for the Norwegians.,1

SOLDADO!!! 1-1! Granada restore their two-goal advantage! And that may just seal their place in the quarter-finals. Terrific movement by Soldado to meet Herrera's cross to the near post, and guide his header past a helpless Linde.,1

Diaz goes into the book for a late challenge on Hestad, who was threatening to break away down the right.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! JOTA WINS IT IN THE FINAL SECONDS! Unbelievable scenes, as Neves picks out Jimenez with a wonderful diagonal pass. He sends a brilliant cross into the box, where Jota is waiting to tuck home!,1

GOAL! MORGAN HAULS LEICESTER LEVEL! Well, out of nothing, Leicester could well have salvaged a point! Maddison curled in a fantastic cross, and Morgan – who has been poor at the other end – got his head on it, sending his effort back across goal and past Patricio.,1

A late booking for Jonny, who dived in on Mendy, handing Leicester a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

A second change for Wolves. Moutinho, who assisted the first two goals, makes way, with young Gibbs-White coming on. Puel also wants to make a change, but is unable to do so, as Iheanacho is still getting ready on the touchline.,0

Maddison is on for Leicester, with Barnes making way. The former Norwich City man is almost immediately involved, as he looks to get on the end of Gray’s deflected shot, but Patricio reacts quickly to get their first.,0

Changes for both sides, now. First, Doherty replaces Vinagre for Wolves, meaning Jonny will switch over to the left flank.,0

WOLVES ARE BACK AHEAD! Almost in a carbon copy of the last chance, Neves picks out Jota with an exquisite pass. The forward brings the ball down brilliantly on his chest, before slamming home, with Schmeichel only able to help it into the roof of the net.,1

The first booking of the second half goes to Ndidi, after the midfielder dived in recklessly on Moutinho.,2

While Leicester were celebrating at one end, however, they have been handed a blow by an injury to Maguire, who has now gone off. Evans is his replacement.,0

LEICESTER ARE BACK IN IT! Well, they didn’t need a change after all, as a superb goal from Gray has hauled Leicester into the contest. Vardy does brilliantly to hold off Bennett and slip a wonderful pass into Gray, whose pace gets him way from Saiss before he drills a low finish across Patricio and into the bottom-left corner. Game on!,1

That seems harsh! Jota races across to try and block a clearance from Simpson, whose swinging leg catches Wolves’ goalscorer. However, it is Jota who gets the booking.,2

Another yellow card, now, and it goes Pereira’s way. Jota barges Mendy out of the way and charges towards Leicester’s area, with Pereira lunging in and scything down Wolves’ forward in order to limit the damage.,2

Unusually sloppy play from Moutinho allows Vardy to capitalise and race clear down the left flank, with Bennett having little choice but to obstruct the Leicester man’s run, and he picks up the game's second booking.,2

IT’S 2-0 TO WOLVES! More dreadful defending from Leicester, and Bennett is able to double Wolves’ lead. A corner was whipped in from the left, with Bennett getting the better of Maguire in the air to head in from six yards out.,1

GOAL! JOTA GIVES WOLVES THE LEAD! What a start this is for the hosts. Gray was robbed of possession in midfield, and Moutinho wasted no time in drifting in a cross to the back post, with Jota getting there ahead of Simpson to prod in from close range.,1

An early booking for Mendy, who is now going to have to tread lightly for the rest of this match. Jimenez latched onto a long ball after Barnes had lost possession, and had plenty of space to run into, with Mendy having little choice but to bring the striker down.,2

Enrique makes an attacking alteration as PSG push for a third goal. Dembele comes on to replace Soler.,0

Ramos is the latest player to make way, with Mbappe coming off the bench to provide something different in the final third.,0

PSG switch things up at the back, with Danilo heading to the bench. Mendes enters the fray in his place.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!! 2-2!! REIMS EQUALISE! Agbadou receives the ball on the halfway line and spots the run of Diakite in beyond the PSG defence. He produces a superb throughball from deep and Diakite bursts through on goal. He’s escaped the offside trap and only has Navas to beat, and he places it into the bottom corner and wheels away in jubilation!,1

Ugarte goes into the referee's book for a challenge on Edoa, and he's managed to hurt himself in the process.,2

GOOOAAAAAALLL!! 2-1 PSG!! Just a few minutes after finding an equaliser, the home side are in front! The ball is switched out wide to Lee and he delivers a dangerous cross into the penalty area. Edoa fails to clear it, and it falls straight into the path of Ramos. The Portuguese striker pounces inside the box and pokes it towards goal, and it creeps into the bottom corner! What a turnaround!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 REIMS!! Hakimi has the ball with his back to goal inside his own box and he’s pounced on by Diakite. The forward wins possession and finds Munetsi unmarked in the penalty area, and he strikes it into the top corner with a superb finish! It's a huge mistake for PSG at the back!,1

As tensions continue to rise, Kolo Muani is cautioned after the PSG forward hacks at the ankles of Locko.,2

For his gesture to the crowd in celebration, Mbappe is cautioned by the referee. That takes the yellow card count to six, even though it was at zero less than 10 minutes ago!,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! 3-2 PSG! After waiting an age, Mbappe stands over the spot-kick. The France international goes to his left, but sees Bizot save the penalty. However, the PSG superstar is there on the rebound to tap into an empty net and restore the visitors’ lead!,1

The referee continues to flash the cards as goalkeeper Bizot is shown a yellow card for his efforts to delay the penalty.,2

Seemingly arguing with Bizot, Fabian is also cautioned as Mbappe still stands over the spot-kick. That is five yellow cards in a matter of minutes!,2

Martin is also cautioned for his role in the scuffle before Mbappe can take the spot-kick. The Brest midfielder seemed to push the PSG forward.,2

Hakimi, seemingly trying to defend the penalty spot from Brest players, is shown a yellow card for his part in a confrontation with several of the hosts' players.,2

As part of a double change, Barcola also makes way for Dembele. Both the PSG substitutes started in midweek against Milan, with Luis Enrique looking to his first-choice attacking options.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! BREST ARE BACK ON LEVEL TERMS! Del Castillo floats an inviting right-sided corner towards the near post, where Le Douaron glances a header towards the bottom-left corner. Donnarumma is unmoved as the winger’s flick-on nestles into the back of the net, clipping the left post on the way in. Roy’s side restore parity to make it 2-2!,1

GOOOALLLLLLLLL! BREST PULL ONE BACK! Roy’s side have a lifeline after making it 2-1 on the stroke of half-time. Lala has so much time on the right-hand side to get his head up and whip an inviting centre towards the near post. Mounie manages to work his way in front of Danilo before heading into the ground and past Donnarumma. Game on!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! 2-0 PSG! Luis Enrique’s visitors double their lead from a rapid counter-attack. The away side wrestle back possession on the edge of their own area before Lee sends an inviting ball in behind the Brest defence. Mbappe powers into the space before making it into the area, where he threads a right-footed finish past Bizot with the help of a deflection off Chardonnet.,1

WHAT A GOALLLLLLLLL! 1-0 PSG! Barcola slips past a few Brest tackles before offloading to his right for Zaire-Emery. The teenage midfielder takes a few touches out of his feet before arrowing a right-footed strike into the top-left corner. Bizot had a long way to see that long-range effort but could not get anywhere near it!,1

Final roll of the dice for Inter now as Cedric's debut comes to an end as Ranocchia comes on in his place.,0

SANTANDER PUTS BOLOGNA AHEAD! He gets in front of De Vrij on a corner and just flicks the ball into the back of the net with the back of his head despite being held by the defender. 1-0 Bologna!,1

CELTA VIGO MAKE IT 3-1! Atletico Madrid fail to clear a Celta corner-kick, with Aspas able to pick up possession and play it through the lines for Veiga. The substitute swivels and hits a first-time shot that manages to squeeze in-between the goalkeeper and the near post!,1

3-0 ATLETICO! WHAT A STRIKE! The wing-back sprints the entire length of Celta Vigo’s half and gets into the penalty area, slaloming inside and out to earn room ahead of Mallo before slotting a shot that beats the goalkeeper at his near post!,1

Griezmann makes his weekly appearance just after the hour mark, replacing Morata, whose match ends goalless.,0

ATLETICO MADRID DOUBLE THE LEAD! 2-0! Carrasco finds a pocket of space down the left and chips the ball into the penalty area for Koke, who lays it off to the approaching De Paul. The Argentina international curls a low shot from 20 yards out that takes a deflection and leaves Marchesin powerless!,1

Nunez slides through Morata with a raised foot near the halfway line, prompting the referee to brandish the yellow card.,2

A desperate sliding challenge from Hermoso catches the ankle of Aspas on the right wing, giving Celta Vigo a free-kick in an attacking position and earning the centre-back a yellow card.,2

ATLETICO TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! The hosts capitalise on a well-worked move that sees the ball progress from left wing to right before De Paul is able to slip a pass into the penalty area for Correa, who finishes with a lovely first-time hit!,1

Kessie surges down the right but is tugged back by Vesga, and upon bringing the Ivorian to ground, the Bilbao midfielder is booked.,2

Eric Garcia flies late into a challenge on Alvarez as the Bilbao centre-back passes long, and the Barca centre-back picks up a yellow card.,2

The undoubted man-of-the-match Dembele comes off in Barca's final change, and La Masia graduate Pablo Torre, making his Blaugrana debut, will replace the France winger.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! There's number four!! Dembele picks up the ball on the right once again, and dribbles forward before playing a beauty of a throughball in behind the defence. Torres races onto it, and slots the ball beyond the onrushing Simon from a tight angle, and Barca add another to make it a 4-0 rout here!,1

Sancet gets away from Balde and looks to drive at the hosts' defence, but Busquets slides into him from behind and is penalised, with the Barca captain also booked by the referee.,2

Inaki Williams is last off for the visitors, with a fellow Bilbao veteran in Raul Garcia replacing him.,0

Zarraga is next off in Bilbao's penultimate change, and Unai Vencedor will replace the starting midfielder.,0

Xavi makes a raft of changes for Barca with Lewandowski coming off for Ansu Fati, who also scored in the 3-0 rout of Villarreal last time out.,0

Kounde comes off too, and Marcos Alonso, who deputised at centre-back against Villarreal, will likely do the same for the remainder of this one.,0

Subbed on for Herrera in the first half, Dani Garcia has picked up a knock and needs replacing, so Oihan Sancet will come on for the Bilbao midfielder.,0

Gavi finally makes his way off to rapturous applause from the home fans, and Franck Kessie will replace him in midfield.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! There's the third!!! Dembele gives Yuri another nightmare as he glides past the left-back and inside, towards the box. He passes to Lewandowski in the centre, who turns De Marcos with ease and strokes the ball home with his left foot, to put a cruising Barca 3-0 up already!,1

Valverde takes early action to address Bilbao's issues, taking off Ander Herrera for Dani Garcia barely 20 minutes into the game.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Barca double their lead!!! Roberto sets off over halfway and plays a one-two with Dembele. He receives the return ball inside the box, and blasts a shot across the face of goal, which takes a deflection off Martinez to wrong-foot Simon and fly into the net!! 2-0 inside 18 minutes, and Barcelona are well and truly up and running here.,1

Nico Williams takes on Balde but is dispossessed, and the Blaugrana left-back sets off on the counter. De Marcos blocks his run, and is subsequently penalised and booked by the referee.,2

GOOOOOAAAALL!!!! The Blaugrana take the lead!!! Pedri's wide pass finds the Frenchman down the right, and he cuts inside before firing a curling shot towards the far corner. Simon saves, and parries it wide, where Lewandowski picks up the ball and crosses back into the area, where Dembele rises above Yuri to head into the net!!! A rare headed goal from the Frenchman, and it's 1-0 to the home side!,1

Moutinho concedes a foul on Mane to the left of Wolves' box. The veteran midfielder receives a yellow card.,2

Wolves make another change. The quiet Neto is replaced by Vitinha. Wolves have faded badly in this second half.,0

This raft of substitutions shows that this game is all but over as a contest. Jota comes on to face his former club. Firmino is the one who goes off for him.,0

Wolves substitution. The Algerian left-back Ait Nouri is on for Podence. Traore moves back to the right flank.,0

GOAL! LIVERPOOL 3-0 WOLVES! Matip surely secures the win for Liverpool! Liverpool take the corner short to Salah. Salah darts inside onto his left foot and curls a peach of a cross into the box for Matip who powers a header past Patricio.,1

Wolves substitution. Neves makes way for the teenage striker Silva. Wolves have lacked a clear focal point up front in Jimenez's absence.,0

GOAL! LIVERPOOL 2-0 WOLVES! Wolves get caught out and find themselves outnumbered on the break. Wijnaldum has Mane and Salah to choose from but needs neither as the Dutchman fires into the top right corner from outside the box.,1

GOAL! LIVERPOOL 1-0 WOLVES! Salah gives the hosts the lead! Henderson fires a direct pass forward from the back. Coady miscontrols the header and Salah is clinical, taking a touch and slotting it underneath Patricio. That's unfortunate for the Wolves captain.,1

The rookie right-back Williams picks up a yellow card for tugging down Neto just outside Liverpool's penalty area. Let's see what Wolves can do with the set-piece.,2

GOAL!!!! 2-1 BURNLEY! Just a few seconds after the restart, the Clarets take the lead once again! Substitute Bruun Larsen unleashes a sensational strike from range to silence the Kenilworth Road faithful.,1

GOOOOOAAAAL!!!!!!!! Luton equalise!!! 1-1! Chong sends a dangerous ball into the box which Burke nods down towards Adebayo, who holds off the defender and places the ball into the corner beyond Trafford!,1

Kabore leaves the pitch and is replaced by Adebayo as Edwards makes his second change of the game for Luton.,0

GOAAAAAAAAL!!! 1-0 Burnley!!! Foster latches on to a superb throughball from Berge beyond the Luton defence and places the ball under Kaminski and into the back of the net. The Hatters striker grabs his third goal of the season to give his side the lead at Kenilworth Road.,1

GGGOOOOOOAAALLLL!!!! Ronaldo steps up and smashes the free-kick through the wall and into the bottom corner!!!! Krul gets two hands to it but can only push it into the corner, and it's 3-2 to Manchester United!!!,1

GOOOAAAALLL!!! Norwich are level!!!! Dowell splits the Red Devils' defence wide open and puts Pukki into the clear, and the striker beats De Gea to slot the ball in at the near post!!! What a response from Norwich, and we're locked up at 2-2!!!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! Norwich pull one back! Giannoulis plays in Pukki, who's got free of Lindelof, and crosses to Dowell at the back post who heads in! We're back at 2-1, and it's game on here!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!!! Ronaldo has two!!! The Portuguese gets away from Gibson and rises high at the front post, heading the ball down and beyond Krul into the back of the net!!! 2-0 to United, and both have come from their number seven.,1

GOOOAAALLLL!!! The Reds break the deadlock!!!! After being denied by Krul from long range, Ronaldo opens the scoring!!! Elanga picks Gibson's pocket in his own box, and tees up Ronaldo to slot into an empty net!!! 1-0 to the hosts in no time at all!,1

Solskjaer now makes a triple-substitution as he desperately searches for a late equaliser. Williams comes off for Fosu-Mensah in the first change.,0

GOAL!!! SEVILLA ARE IN FRONT!!! United switch off at the back as Navas crosses from the right, with Lindelof and Wan-Bissaka both failing to mark De Jong, and the substitute prods in from close-range as the delivery finds him in the six-yard box! It's 2-1 to Sevilla now!,1

Suso is now taken off, with Vazquez replacing him as Lopetegui continues to add fresh legs in the final third.,0

Rashford picks up a needless yellow card as a throw-in goes Sevilla's way, slamming the ball into the ground in frustration.,2

Surprisingly, Lopetegui brings Ocampos off for Munir in the first part of a double-substitution. The winger must have picked up a knock.,0

GOAL!!! SUSO LEVELS THE SCORES!! Reguilon storms down the left, collects a pass from Ocampos and flashes a low ball across the face of goal that just evades United's defenders before Suso arrives to fire in at the near post! It's 1-1! ,1

Sevilla are committing a lot of men forward when they attack - the full-backs are particularly high - and United are finding plenty of space to counter into. Carlos is forced to pick up a yellow card for a foul on Martial to prevent the Red Devils breaking away.,2

Williams slips as he goes to challenge for the ball and his trailing leg catches Jordan on the top of the ankle. The young full-back is shown a yellow card.,2

GOAL!! FERNANDES SCORES!! The midfielder scores in trademark style, hopping just before making contact with the ball and guiding his shot into the top-left corner past the outstretched arm of Bounou! It's 1-0 to United now!,1

Gundogan shoves Kante in the back to prevent a Chelsea counter-attack and picks up a yellow card. That's an easy decision for the referee.,2

A third City substitution has to be made, with Aguero forced to limp off - following in the footsteps of Rodri and Silva. Jesus takes his place up front.,0

Lampard uses his remaining two changes at once as he chases the game, replacing Abraham with Batshuayi up front in the first switch.,0

Silva is down and appears to be suffering with cramp. He's replaced in midfield by Foden in a second enforced change for Guardiola.,0

Jorginho cuts across De Bruyne and fells him as he's charging forward, earning himself a yellow card.,2

Lampard's first change is to replace Emerson with James, meaning Azpilicueta comes across to left-back.,0

GOAL!! WHAT A GOAL FROM MAHREZ!! The winger picks the ball up on the right and ghosts past two defenders before curling into the bottom-left corner through Tomori's legs! It's 2-1 to City now!,1

GOAL!! CITY ARE LEVEL!! A deflection falls kindly for De Bruyne and his low strike takes nicks off of both Zouma and Tomori, diverting it away from Kepa and into the back of the net! It's 1-1!,1

GOAL!! KANTE GIVES CHELSEA THE LEAD! A long ball over the top causes City all sorts of problems and the midfielder then deftly rolls the ball past the onrushing Ederson and into the net! It's 1-0 to Chelsea!,1

Klich wanders over to the touchline and he is replaced by Phillips, who makes his return from injury.,0

GOALLLLLLL! 3-1 LEEDS! Raphinha breaks the offside trap down the left-hand side after a pass from Koch. The Brazilian races into the area, choosing to slide across to an unmarked Rodrigo to the right of goal and the Spaniard smashes a left-footed strike into the bottom left corner. Tottenham are adamant Raphinha was offside but VAR sticks with the original decision and therefore the goal stands!,1

Mason sends on Ndombele as he looks to chase an equaliser. Lo Celso is the man to be replaced by the Frenchman.,0

Bamford, who so far looks to have scored the winning goal, comes off for Rodrigo with just over 10 minutes to go.,0

Lucas' first involvement sees him booked by referee Oliver for catching Alioski with a stray arm in the middle of the park.,2

At the same time as Lamela's introduction, Lucas also comes on to replace Bale, who struggled to replicate his remarkable form that he displayed in his hat-trick against Sheffield United last time out.,0

Reguilon becomes the first Tottenham player in the book as he gets cautioned for a soft foul on Raphinha near the left-hand touchline.,2

Roberts comes off for Raphinha as Bielsa makes the first change of the game. Dallas moves centrally and it looks like Harrison will also move out to the right-hand side to accommodate for the Brazilian's introduction.,0

Son starts progressing over the halfway line, only to be brought down by Koch. The German's interventions don't go unnoticed as he becomes the first name in referee Oliver's book.,2

GOOOOOALLLLL! 2-1 LEEDS! The warning signs on the left flank have been there for the visitors and now they have been made to pay. Roberts works it out to Harrison, who rolls Alioski in on the overlap towards the byline. The left-back takes his time before sliding a left-footed cross towards the near post, where Bamford taps in from close range to restore Leeds’ lead. The English forward won’t get many simpler finishes than that.,1

GOALLLLLLL! 1-1! Spurs level with their first big chance of the game as Son places a right-footed finish past the incoming Meslier and into the bottom right corner. All credit goes to Alli, however, who slotted a pass for Son in between two Leeds defenders to release the Spurs scorer into the area. The equaliser is a tad harsh on Leeds, who have dominated this game so far, but Mason and his men won't care as they are back level!,1

GOALLLLLL! 1-0 LEEDS! Koch plays towards Alioski and the full-back moves the ball out to the left flank. Harrison runs at Aurier, reaching the byline before drilling a low cross towards the back post. Reguilon deflects the initial cross towards his own goal, forcing Lloris to make a smart parry. Dallas, however, is on hand to rush into the six-yard area and smash a right-footed strike into the top right corner.,1

Wass is now off as Gracia makes a late change to try and grab an equaliser, with Jason replacing him.,0

Koke is the latest player to go into the book, and he might count himself lucky to be getting away with just a yellow. He swings for a bouncing ball as he tussles with Correia, but catches the Valencia substitute in the face with his boot! There was no intention, however, which is likely the reason he wasn't sent off.,2

Felix picks up a yellow card for knocking the ball out of Correia's hands as he tried to take a quick throw.,2

Llorente protests his innocence, but the referee has made his mind up and books the midfielder for handball.,2

Youngster Musah is the third player to be replaced, with Correia the final pair of fresh legs tasked with earning all three points in the closing stages - or preserving the one they have.,0

Gracia makes a triple-substitution now as he looks to snatch a late winner. Gomez is the first man to be replaced, with Gameiro coming on up front in his place.,0

Lemar is also, surprisingly, being taken off, with Kondogbia coming on for him. Llorente will return to a wider role as the substitute slots into midfield alongside Koke.,0

Correa goes into the book now for stopping a Valencia counter by catching the heels of Guedes as he sprinted away.,2

Simeone makes another attacking change as he brings Saul off for Carrasco. Llorente tucks in to the middle as Carrasco goes onto the left wing, allowing Lemar to switch back to the right.,0

Guillamon hasn't been able to shake off that injury and will have to be replaced at the back by Mangala.,0

Guillamon is booked for time-wasting as he takes an age to be substituted off. The defender trudges off as slowly as he possibly can, much to the frustration of the Atletico players.,2

There's a half-time change from Simeone as Lodi comes off for Felix as the Argentine reverts to a 4-4-2. Hermoso is forced to shuffle wide and fill in at left-back in Lodi's absence.,0

Saul is booked for a cynical challenge as he prevented a Valencia counter-attack with a foul on Vallejo.,2

Racic picks up the first yellow card of the game as he catches Llorente in the face with a stray arm.,2

GOALLL!!! 2-0 HOJBJERG!!! Hojbjerg doubles Tottenham’s lead as a deflected strike beats Pickford. Bentancur finds his midfield partner in the box and the Denmark international takes a touch to set himself before finding the back of the net.,1

GOALLL!!!! 1-0 KANE!! Kane makes no mistake from the spot and puts Tottenham in the lead! He slots the ball into the bottom-left corner and Pickford cannot save it despite diving the right way.,1

Antony comes off following a bright but goalless performance, as Erik Ten Hag bolsters the defence with the late introduction of Victor Lindelof.,0

Brentford make their fourth and fifth changes of the game, with Roerslev replaced at right wing-back by Aaron Hickey.,0

Norgaard is the last substitution for the Bees, and Yoane Wissa comes on to provide some more attacking impetus for the final 15 minutes.,0

Anthony Martial also enters the fray, replacing Sancho, and it'll be interesting to see if the Frenchman plays down the left, as Sancho did, or swap positions with Rashford up front.,0

The booked Damsgaard also comes off for the Bees, with Josh Dasilva joining Baptiste and Norgaard in the engine room.,0

A triple change coming from the visitors, the first of which sees Jensen replaced by Shandon Baptiste in midfield.,0

A Brentford corner is easily dealt with by the hosts, who look to set off on a fast break before Norgaard trips Fernandes on the edge of his own box. United win the free-kick, and Norgaard goes into the book.,2

Damsgaard turns and sets off for goal, striding into space down the right. Fernandes quickly closes the gap, but can't win the ball cleanly as he slides in from behind, receiving a yellow card from the referee's pocket.,2

Antony and McTominay play a one-two on halfway, sending the midfielder racing through the middle. He's barged over by Damsgaard 40 yards from goal though, with the Bees playmaker shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2

McTominay recklessly slides in on Jensen, who rides the challenge well, but the nature of the attempt sees the referee issue the Manchester United midfielder with a yellow card.,2

Erik Ten Hag makes a first-half substitution, bringing off an injured Shaw for Tyrell Malacia at left-back.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! It's that man again!!! United's initial corner is cleared, but Antony crosses back into the centre of the box. Sabitzer rises to head the ball down, and Rashford's there to smash home the bouncing ball and give his side a 1-0 lead! An instinctive finish from a striker who has the Midas touch at the moment, and the Red Devils make their dominance count!,1

Toney and Mbeumo collectively bring down a high ball in Manchester United's half, but the former is chopped down recklessly from behind by Shaw as he looks to release his strike partner! Shaw goes into the book, becoming the first player to do so in this game.,2

Barella is Inter's third central midfielder to make their way off the pitch. Arnautovic will want to make an impact up front and will see a good opportunity to score against a weakened Torino side.,0

Torino captain Rodriguez is on his way off for Masina. Ivan Juric probably wants to rest the defender.,0

Bastoni has had a pretty simple second half in Inter's defence and is now coming off for Buchanan, who makes his sixth appearance off the bench.,0

Another switch in Inter's midfield sees Mkhitaryan come off for Frattesi, who is making his 100th appearance in the Serie A.,0

Calhanoglu scored both of Inter's goals but is denied the chance of netting a hat-trick by Inzaghi. Asllani takes his place in the midfield.,0

Zapata had two chances to give Torino the lead in the first half but has been quiet since the restart, with the visitors struggling to get forward. Sanabria is on up front.,0

GOALLLL! CALHANOGLU SCORES AGAIN! 2-0 INTER! The hosts are in complete control now! Martinez hands the ball to Calhanoglu, who fires an unstoppable penalty into the top-left corner. Milinkovic-Savic dives the other way.,1

GOALLLL! CALHANOGLU SCORES! 1-0 INTER! The Serie A champions take the lead! Barella has possession on the edge of the box and rolls a pass over to Martinez, who protects the ball well before finding Mkhitaryan. The midfielder then chips it down the left to Calhanoglu, who blasts his effort across the goal and into the net.,1

RED CARD! The referee is told to go to the screen after Tameze drags Mkhitaryan to the floor on the edge of the box. She initially gave a yellow card but upgrades it to a red after a VAR check. Tameze is off after stopping a goal-scoring opportunity, and Torino are down to 10 men.,3

Jorginho replaces Chalobah, which will require a re-shuffle from the Blues. Azpilicueta drops back into the back three, while Pulisic shifts into the right wing-back spot.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! REDEMPTION FOR PULISIC!!!! CHELSEA ARE LEVEL!!!! 2-2!!!!!  The American missed a sitter earlier in the game, but on this occasion he holds his composure to hook a strike into the top-right corner. Rudiger wins a 50/50 challenge at midfield before Kante lifts a ball over the top of the Liverpool defence. Pulisic takes it in stride before firing over Kelleher into the back of the net. What a first half.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!! KOVACIC SCORES A STUNNER!!!!!!! 1-2!!!!!! Chelsea are back in the game courtesy of a special effort from Kovacic. Alonso drills a free-kick towards the right post that requires Kelleher to punch it away from danger amid the threat to his goal and Rudiger on the charge. However, Kovacic pounces on the loose ball on the edge of the box, striking a first-time volley into the top-right corner with the aid of the post giving the Liverpool keeper no chance. There's a slight delay for a VAR check for offside, but the goal stands.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! SALAH MAKES IT TWO!!!!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! The Reds double their advantage as Salah coasts in down the right flank before beating Mendy at his near post. Alexander-Arnold plays Salah into space in the right-inside channel and he runs to the byline. He finds enough room to cut back on his left foot to blast a strike into the right corner of the net. A fine strike from Salah.,1

Pulisic catches Jota with his follow-through after winning the ball. The American goes into the book for his challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MANE FIRES LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Mane capitalises on a mistaken from Chalobah and hammers a left-footed strike into an empty net. Chalobah tries to head a cross from Jota away from danger, but slips and guides the ball straight to Mane. The Senegalese rounds Mendy before dispatching his effort past Silva on the line.,1

Mane goes into the book after 15 seconds, catching Azpilicueta with an elbow to the face in an aerial duel.,2

Peluso is shown a yellow card late in the match for cutting across Icardi and taking his opponent's legs.,2

A double change for Inter, with Martinez being replaced by Politano in the frontline in the first of the alterations.,0

Sensi is unable to shake off the injury problem and is replaced by Magnanelli. That is all three changes made by De Zerbi.,0

Duncan is off and Bourabia on in his place. Sassuolo have 17 minutes to see through and you get the impression that they will take a point now.,0

Nainggolan is brought on in place of Joao Mario with around half an hour to play. Sassuolo boss Roberto De Zerbi has yet to turn to his bench.,0

Rogerio pulls back on Politano and is shown a yellow card by the referee. A good turn from Politano left the Sassuolo full-back with little choice.,2

Brozovic becomes the second player to enter the referee's notebook for lunging in on Rogerio to halt the Sassuolo attack. The Inter midfielder may have got a slight touch to the ball, though...,2

Demirbay is replaced by Lars Bender as Bayer look to tighten their grip on this lead going into stoppage time. ,0

Alario comes on for Bellarabi to provide a more physical presence up top in a substitution that will most likely see Volland drop into a deeper, attacking-midfield role. ,0

Wendell is booked for a high challenge on Kulikov that - on another day - could have received a harsher punishment.  ,2

STUNNING STRIKE FROM BENDER! 2-0! That's a huge goal for Leverkusen and what a moment for Bender to get his first goal in two years! Lokomotiv clear a free-kick to the edge of the area, where Aranguiz elegantly dinks a pass over Ignatjev before Bender latches onto the pass to lash a volley across Guilherme and into the far top right corner!,1

It's all getting bit silly. Lallana is booked after his part in shoving Sangare and again, eating more seconds away.,2

Sangare rises to Brighton's time management. Chops down Gross and gives him a bit of verbal for good measure too. Yellow card.,2

They've got a serious player here. Adingra is replaced by Lallana - and despite not being on the scoresheet, the young Ivorian receives a great applause for his offensive efforts.,0

That's close, but just outside the area! Hudson-Odoi is clearly a great choice from the bench as Veltman can't deal with the tricky winger's pace. He cuts in from the left and gets tripped by the Dutchman. It's right on the edge here for Gibbs-White to take.,2

Forest aren't happy. They want a red for Moder's seemingly studded approach on Williams - yet Salisbury decides a yellow is enough. Gibbs-White could be in trouble too for a raised leg in the build-up. VAR are having a look.,2

Forest going for a different dynamic as Origi makes way for Elanga. That's two clear enough chances that he's squandered today.,0

Perhaps sensing Forest's potential threat, the booked Fati comes off for Lamptey - a player who also provides a defensive aspect.,0

Ferguson comes off for Welbeck. It's experience on for youth as Brighton look to add to their slender lead.,0

Williams enters the book. Estupinan anticipates the former Liverpool youngster at the right byline and the wing-back bodies his ball-shielding marker. The tackle was bad enough, but the banker was definitely the verbal assault on referee Salisbury.,2

Fati goes into the book. Where he's previously been fouled a couple of times, his attempt at tackling is just as bad and he brings down Williams, overshooting the ball while he goes.,2

There's a bit of a bitty sequence here. Toffolo fouls after a brief scuffle and now, referee Salisbury has gone back to book Omobamidele for a foul on Ansu Fati earlier on. It's fair, it was from behind and rather industrial.,2

Dominguez goes into the book. His first touch on the edge of his box is poor, and as Veltman looks to punish, the Argentine lunges and leaves him sprawled. Poor timing. Certainly a booking.,2

Falcao enters the pitch to a rapturous reception from the fans of his former employers, Comesana is the one to make way. ,0

De Paul clatters into Comesana, in an attempt to regain possession, and he's put in the book for his efforts. ,2

GOAL!! 2-0!!! It's a sumptuous flowing move by the hosts, and a deserved second goal. Lemar drives forwards, and feeds Lodi out on the overlap. He delivers a beautiful low cross, leaving Correa with a simple finish into an empty net. ,1

GOAL!! 1-0! Carrasco surges down the right, and does extremely well to keep the ball in play with an outrageous little flick on the byline. He pulls it back for Hermoso, whose effort is blocked, but the ball ricochets back to Correa who slams it in the net from a tight angle!,1

Suarez goes into the book for a cheap foul on the centre circle, he'll be suspended for their next fixture too. ,2

MBAPPE SCORES! And this one will count! Rennes are caught out by the quick break as Icardi drives through the middle. He touches it onto Messi, who picks out Mbappe in space on the left of the box. The Frenchman has time to set himself before curling his low shot past Alemdar, who can't get enough on it to keep it out. 1-0 PSG!,1

Verratti kicks out at the back of Sulemana to stop him from breaking forward and is shown a yellow card for the challenge.,2

Just before PSG can take the corner, Rennes make another change. Majer goes off this time, with Truffert replacing him.,0

PSG are making a double change now, and it's Draxler that's first to go off, with Di Maria on for him.,0

Mbappe tried to keep the attack alive for PSG but caught Omari with a late challenge on his shin. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Lo Celso replaces Ndombele in the Spurs midfield. The latter was involved in the Europa League match during the week and may have just been tiring.,0

Zouma becomes the latest player into the book. He slides in hard on Ndombele and is cautioned by referee Tierney.,2

Reguilon and James duel it out again, but the Chelsea man goes into the book for putting a stray arm into the face of the Spaniard.,2

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-0 ATLETICO MADRID (3-0 AGG)! Emerson scores with his first touch off the bench! Chelsea break upfield and have three attackers against one Atletico defender. Pulisic rolls left to Emerson who slams it across Oblak into the bottom right corner.,1

RED CARD FOR ATLETICO! Savic is dismissed for a elbow into Rudiger's chest as Chelsea defend Atletico's latest corner. It looks fairly innocuous and Rudiger makes the most of it but it's still violent conduct and Savic makes the lonely walk down the tunnel. Atletico will have to play the last 10 minutes with 10 men.,3

Koke shows his frustration, catching Kovacic with a trailing leg. The Atletico captain joins a few of his teammates in the referee's book.,2

Atletico keep on making changes in an attempt to swing the momentum of this match. Lemar comes on for Trippier.,0

Gimenez's poor touch puts him in trouble and the Atletico centre-back slides in wildly to redeem himself, taking Havertz out. A yellow card is his just reward.,2

Suarez's miserable game comes to an end. The Uruguayan leaves the pitch, flashing a wry smile. Correa takes his place up top for Atletico.,0

Simeone makes another change with Atletico clearly being outplayed at the moment. Dembele, the French striker on loan from Lyon and formerly of Chelsea's West London rivals Fulham, comes on.,0

Saul is the next player to be booked for a coming together with Havertz. Chelsea's midfielders are dominating their counterparts.,2

Atletico make a predictable substitution at half-time. Lodi had a torrid time against James in the first half and goes off. Hermoso replaces him. It looks like they'll match Chelsea's three at the back.,0

GOAL! CHELSEA 1-0 ATLETICO MADRID (2-0 AGG)! Havertz plays Werner in down the left. The German glances up and plays a perfect ball across goal for Ziyech who squeezes it under the keeper and into the net. ,1

Lodi gets booked for diving in on James near the touchline in pursuit of a lost cause. He'll miss the first leg of the quarter-final if Atletico go through.,2

Havertz goes for an aerial challenge with Savic and leads with his below. Savic gets caught with it and the referee quickly flashes a yellow card at the German.,2

Puado is the next man into the book after chopping Dembele down outside the box. That was a reckless challenge, and it wouldn't have been a surprise to see a card of another colour.,2

Vidal replaces Olivan, who provoked those chaotic scenes with his foul on Lewandowski, as Espanyol look to waste some precious seconds.,0

ANOTHER RED CARD! IT'S 10 AGAINST 10 HERE! Souza is shown a second yellow card for Espanyol in the aftermath of a foul on Lewandowski, which provoked a chaotic confrontation between both teams! Espanyol have squandered their numerical advantage!,3

RED CARD! BARCELONA HAVE LOST THEIR LEAD, AND THEY'VE NOW LOST ALBA! Lahoz continues to flash his yellow card, and Alba has talked himself into a second booking after Espanyol were awarded a free-kick! The Barca defender was in conversation with the referee while setting up a defensive wall for the kick, and he's clearly said something Lahoz didn't like!,3

Pedri now becomes the fifth player booked in a matter of moments following a foul in midfield. Lahoz has lost control of this fixture.,2

This is remarkable! Straight from kick-off, Barcelona attack and Torres goes down in search of a penalty. The referee has a long look... and books him for diving!,2

Alba is shown a yellow card amid the jubilant celebrations from Espanyol, which appear to have riled several Barca players.,2

Souza has followed his team-mate into the book! Lahoz has a reputation for wielding his cards easily, and he's doing so again here!,2

JOSELU SCORES! 1-1! Espanyol have barely mustered a chance in this game, but Joselu has levelled things up with his eighth goal of the season! The striker rolls his spot-kick straight down the middle, and Ter Stegen makes a despairing dive to his right. Game on!,1

That stoppage provides a chance for more Barca changes. Torres is on for Fati, who has been kept quiet by Espanyol.,0

Dembele is also on for his first appearance since he was withdrawn before half-time by France in the World Cup final. Raphinha goes off.,0

Calero is cautioned for a cynical foul on De Jong, who was breaking down the left wing after Espanyol clumsily conceded possession in midfield.,2

Busquets is the first substitute to enter the fray in this Catalan Derby, replacing Gavi in midfield. Xavi will hope the 18-year-old has avoided any lasting damage.,0

Cabrera is the next man cautioned for a clear block on Roberto. Espanyol need to regain their composure.,2

Gavi and Olivan clash in the penalty area before the corner is overhit by De Jong. The referee books both men.,2

Fati picks up the first yellow card of the game after appearing to throw an arm towards Gil as he shielded the ball in his own half. That's a needless foul, and it gives Espanyol a right-wing free-kick.,2

GOAL! BARCA LEAD 1-0, AND ALONSO HAS HIS FIRST LEAGUE GOAL FOR THE CLUB! Espanyol defend the resulting corner terribly, with Christensen given a free header at the back post. The Denmark defender nods the ball across the six-yard box, where the unmarked Alonso powers a header home!,1

GOAL! 3-0 Gladbach! The goal is given! The routine was one from the training ground and it worked brilliantly. The corner is played short before being floated into the area by Kramer, taken down by Herrmann and then fired home.,1

First Gladbach change of the game sees Stindl, who has only just returned from a long-term ligament injury, replaced by Zakaria.,0

Ribery barges Ginter to ground and takes issue with the referee's decision to call for a foul, earning a yellow card for dissent.,2

Confirmation that Alaba is unable to continue as Bayern are forced into their final change with Sanches taking his place.,0

GOAL! 2-0 Gladbach! Bayern the architects of their own downfall as Hofmann steals the ball off Thiago, who received a short goal kick from Neuer, and teed the ball across for Stindl. The Gladbach captain, making his first appearance of the season, turned onto his right foot before firing a low drive into the net.,1

GOAL! 1-0 Gladbach! The visitors have had their backs against the wall since the start but have snatched the lead against the run of play. Plea plays a one-two with Hofman before curling a low finish beyond the reach of Neuer and into the bottom corner.,1

The referee doesn't go over to the monitor to look at this one and it's only a yellow card for Elneny.,2

Bellerin slides in on Lowton and completely misses the ball before he takes out the player so he's shown a yellow card.,2

There's a change for Arsenal now following the sending off and Arteta is bringing on Ceballos for Lacazette.,0

Burnley are making the first change of the game before they take the free-kick and Barnes is coming on for Rodriguez.,0

ARSENAL DOWN TO 10! Xhaka was originally shown a yellow card for the tackle on McNeil, but after that, the replays showed him grabbing Westwood by the neck. VAR had a look at the incident, and after going over to the monitor, Graham Scott upgrades the yellow to a straight red for violent conduct.,3

Muriqi backs into Oyarzabal with some force, knocking the La Real captain to ground. He's protesting his innocence but has his name taken by the referee.,2

And Larin, who has been a frustrated figure due to his limited involvement, is also taken off, with Radonjic on in his place.,0

Mallorca's final change is a double one. Samu Costa is the first to go off, with Mascarell on in his place.,0

Alguacil might have one eye on a potential penalty shoot-out now as he makes his final two changes. Merino is taken off for Olasagasti.,0

Mallorca are making a double change, with both changes coming down their left side. Rodriguez is the first to go off, with Darder replacing him.,0

La Real are making their third change here, and Mendez, who missed the penalty in the first half, is replaced by Turrientes.,0

Mallorca were ready to make this change before the goal, and Morlanes is coming on in different circumstances than he expected. He replaces Sanchez.,0

OYARZABAL EQUALISES! What an impact by the substitute! La Real win it back on halfway, and Mendez plays a one-two with Kubo to work through the midfield press before sliding it through to Oyarzabal. He times his runs perfectly to stay onside before drilling his low shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-1!,1

Oyarzabal was a major doubt coming into this game, but Alguacil has decided that he's needed in this game. He comes on to replace Zakharyan.,0

Mallorca are making their first change of the game now, and it's a straight swap up front as Muriqi is brought on for Prats.,0

GONZALEZ SCORES! Samu Costa dinks it out to the left, and it's cushioned into Jaume Costa, who swings a brilliant first-time delivery into the box. Gonzalez is completely unmarked and he thumps his header back across goal, out of the stretching Remiro's reach and into the back of the net. 1-0 Mallorca!,1

La Real are making a change at the break. Silva, who barely got into the game and didn't manage a single shot, is taken off for Becker.,0

Copete has a fistful of Kubo's shirt when he drags him back so he can clear the ball. He can have no complaints as he receives the first booking of the game.,2

Senesi is shown a yellow card for a second foul on Pedro, who skipped past the centre-back just inside Brighton's half.,2

Mitoma skips past Brooks before being pulled down by the Bournemouth substitute. He is then shown a yellow card. The Wales international threw the ball away after giving away a free-kick a couple of minutes before, so is fortunate to still be on the pitch.,2

Lamptey got two assists against Manchester United in Brighton's last Premier League outing and is now coming on. Adingra is given a rest.,0

Christie is replaced for the final eight minutes of the match. He got an assist before the break but has not been able to replicate his performance in the second half. Traore is now on.,0

GOALLLL! MITOMA SCORES AGAIN! 3-1 BRIGHTON! De Zerbi will be delighted with his decision to bring on Mitoma. Baleba drives forward with possession and then gives it away before getting it back almost immediately. Estupinan then receives the ball on the left and finds Mitoma with an excellent cross, who runs away from his marker and heads his effort into the net.,1

Baleba is coming on for his Brighton debut. He replaces Dahoud in the midfield, who got the assist for the second goal.,0

Bournemouth make their first change of the game. Tavernier is given a rest and is replaced by Ouattara in the attack.,0

Welbeck is also coming off the pitch after a strong performance. Pedro scored twice in the Europa League during the week and is now being introduced.,0

GOALLL! WHAT AN IMPACT FROM MITOMA! 2-1 BRIGHTON! The Seagulls win possession quickly and Fati has it on the left. The Barcelona loanee plays a pass across the box to Dahoud, who directs it towards Mitoma. The substitute is in the middle of the box and finishes past Neto. Kerkez got a touch on as it went in. The ball went into the net just 16 seconds after the restart.,1

De Zerbi has seen enough and has decided to make a couple of changes before the restart. Ferguson is the first player to come off and is replaced by Fati.,0

Estupinan spins past a couple of Bournemouth players and drives forward with possession before being pulled to the floor by Zabarnyi. The centre-back is then shown a yellow card.,2

Veltman battles for the ball on a couple of occasions and slides across to put the ball out for a throw-in. He then shows his frustrations to the referee and is shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLLL! SOLANKE SCORES! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Solanke makes the most of a mistake from Verbruggen. The goalkeeper walks out with possession and does not know that Christie is rushing towards him. The former Celtic man blocks his pass, with Solanke receiving the ball and shooting into an open net.,1

Dumfries gets involved in an awkward tangle with Leris and is forced to limp off the field of play. Taking no chances, Inzaghi immediately sends Bellanova on to replace him.,0

INTER MAKE IT THREE! 3-0! Another counter-attacking goal for the hosts, with Correa driving from penalty area to penalty area before dispatching a lovely shot into the top corner! It’s a fantastic strike from the substitute!,1

Vieira runs across the path of Martinez on a counter-attack and picks up Sampdoria’s sixth yellow card of the game.,2

Bastoni's late tackle leaves Djuricic on the ground in a heap. The foul leads to a bit of a scrum between the two teams with the Italy international defender shown a yellow card.,2

A frustrated Djuricic wrestles Mkhitaryan to the ground and receives a yellow card for the infraction.,2

INTER DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE BEFORE THE INTERVAL! 2-0! It’s as direct as it can be from Inter as Bastoni launches a long pass up the field from deep in his own half, which is latched onto by his international team-mate. Barella takes a touch to set himself before blasting a powerful shot that leaves Audero with no chance!,1

INTER BREAK THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Calhanoglu swings a corner-kick into the penalty area, where it’s met by the rising De Vrij, who nods it powerfully past Audero!,1

Yepes receives the first yellow card of the game for an ill-advised tackle that brings Barella down from behind.,2

MOUNT SCORES! Chilwell's cross is palmed away from the goal by Areola, but he gives it straight to Mount, who is unmarked in the middle. He hits the shot on the volley and the keeper can't stop it from hitting the back of the net. 1-0 Chelsea! ,1

De Cordova-Reid slides in on Chilwell to try and win the ball back for Fulham and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

FULHAM DOWN TO 10! Cavaleiro loses possession and Robinson tries to win it back. He flies into the challenge on Azpilicueta, completely missing the ball and taking out the right-back. The referee goes straight to his pocket and pulls out the red card.,3

GOOOOOALLLL! Brentford strike back and that could be that! 2-1 to the Bees and Wissa is the man. Mebeumo slides the ball to Wissa, who hammers the ball into the net past a helpless Travers. That's surely the winner? Well, you never know.,1

GOOOOOALLLL! Solanke finally gets his goal! A fantastic leaping header off a cross down the left past a diving Flekken from Bournemouth's star goalscorer, whose frustration after those disallowed goals comes to an end. 1-1!,1

GOOOOOALLLL! Mbeumo gives Brentford a 1-0 lead! Once again its Mbeumo who scores late in this fixture, just as he did at the Gtech earlier this season, but this time it could be the winner! Wissa plays a volley into the Mbeumo's path, who convincingly slots the ball past Travers into the bottom corner.,1

Jensen is booked on his return for a foul in the middle of the pitch. He makes another challenge seconds later. Risky business!,2

More changes for the hosts. Scott replaces Christie, who receives a huge ovation after going off in his final home game this season.,0

Changes galore here for the Bees. Wissa comes on for Lewis-Potter, who had Brentford's best chance of the half so far just a couple of minutes ago.,0

Ouattara is shown a yellow card for a foul on Norgaard. The Bournemouth player left a foot on the Bees captain in the middle of the pitch. He was just a bit too late on the ball.,2

Senesi is the first 'player' to be shown a yellow card today as he takes down Ajer, who stayed down for a few seconds.,2

City win one more corner down their right. They make a hash of it and McAtee is booked for preventing Williams' counter.,2

McKirdy finally goes off, assisted by Williams. At least he has a goal to remember. Dabre takes his place on the pitch for Swindon.,0

City give a few more players a run-out first. Ake goes off. Mbete-Tabu, another youth product, takes his place at centre-back.,0

City make another substitution to wind down the clock, having quelled Swindon's brief resistance. The Belgian teenager Lavia replaces Gundogan.,0

GOAL! SWINDON TOWN 1-4 MANCHESTER CITY! Palmer grabs the goal he deserves, snaffling Silva's blocked shot to fire into the top left corner off the post. He looks a real talent.,1

Walker's booked for a tactical foul down Swindon's left. The Swindon fans are making a mighty rachet now. They half-believe their team can salvage something from this. ,2

GOAL! SWINDON TOWN 1-3 MANCHESTER CITY! Swindon are rewarded for their persistence! City get caught upfield and their in-form forward McKirdy dashes onto William's inviting pass to lash past Steffen into the far bottom corner.,1

City make their first substitution of the game. De Bruyne is taken off as a precaution. The Salford-born teenager McAtee comes on.,0

GOAL! SWINDON TOWN 0-3 MANCHESTER CITY! That's a fantastic free-kick by Gundogan, and poor defending by Swindon. The German curls the ball around Swindon's ill-placed defensive wall, beating Ward at his near post.,1

GOAL! SWINDON TOWN 0-2 MANCHESTER CITY! Swindon give away a naive goal, fluffing their passing from the back. City pounce and De Bruyne slips in Jesus who slots the ball calmly into the bottom right corner of the net.,1

GOAL! SWINDON TOWN 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY! The English champions take the lead. Silva ghosts into space to tap into an empty net, getting on the end of Palmer's low cross from the right.,1

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 3-1! Benzema takes full advantage of Espanyol’s goalkeeper woes, sneaking his low effort into the bottom corner as Cabrera can only stare across his line in dismay.,1

RED! HE’S OFF! Lecomte is deemed to have volleyed the underside of Ceballos’ leg, getting to the ball late and instead catching the man right outside the penalty area. The goalkeeper is given his marching orders as captain Cabrera is tasked with going in goal.,3

BENZEMA DOES WHAT HE DOES BEST! 2-1 REAL MADRID! It’s a delightful cross from Rodrygo, who dribbles into the penalty area and finds room between two defenders to hook the ball across the box to Benzema, who greets it with a side-foot volley into the bottom of the goal!,1

Valverde comes off as Ancelotti opts to put a natural winger on the right, with Rodrygo taking his place.,0

ESPANYOL EQUALISE! 1-1! Sanchez finds Gil in a pocket of space on the right side of midfield just outside of the penalty area, where he is allowed to pick out the perfect pass for Joselu. The striker’s first effort is denied by Courtois but he regathers possession and tucks it away at the second time of asking!,1

VINICIUS JUNIOR OPENS THE SCORING IN FANTASTIC STYLE! 1-0! Tchouameni strides forward and plays a one-two pass with Vazquez 25 yards from goal before slipping a phenomenal disguised ball through the defensive line for Vinicius Junior, who opens up his body to steer the ball into the far corner!,1

Musiala is brought off after another impressive showing - registering an assist on both of Bayern’s goals. Wanner is sent into the fray.,0

BAYERN DOUBLE THE LEAD! 2-0! Bayern Munich hit with blistering pace on the counter-attack after clearing Schalke’s free-kick, with Musiala and Gnabry interchanging down the right flank. It’s the former who gets to the edge of the penalty area and slips a pass through for Choupo-Moting, who dispatches a calm finish to score against his former side!,1

GNABRY BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0! Schalke’s resistance is broken seven minutes before the interval, with the Germany international winger getting onto Musiala’s backheel layoff and firing a first-time effort that beats Schwolow from 16 yards out!,1

MBAPPE APPLIES THE FINISHING TOUCH! 4-1! Mbappe recorded a pair of assists in the first half, but he's finally got himself on the scoresheet tonight as he picks out a tidy finish on the end of Neymar's assist, having got behind a tired Red Star defence.,1

Gobeljic clips Neymar with a challenge and is shown a yellow card. The Brazilian has been on the receiving end of a number of physical tackles tonight.,2

Stojkovic slides through the back of Mbappe to try and win the ball, but you can't do that. It's a yellow card for the Red Star skipper and a free-kick for PSG.,2

THAT SHOULD DO IT! 3-1! PSG restore their two-goal advantage and are surely headed into the knockout stage now! Di Maria picks out an exquisite delivery from a free-kick to pick out the head of Marquinhos, who thumps his header home!,1

A double change for the hosts sees Ebecilio replace Simic. His pace could cause PSG problems out wide.,0

And now Bernat goes into the book for a bad foul on El Fardou to stop Red Star from breaking forward on the counter. It's all become a little worrisome for the visitors.,2

GAME ON IN BELGRADE! It's 2-1! A cross in from the left is not appropriately dealt with as a headed clearance drops kindly in the path of Gobeljic who lashes a stunning volley past Buffon at the near post!,1

PSG ON COURSE FOR THE LAST 16! It's 2-0! That's exactly the sort of response they wanted from Neymar, who takes matters into his own hands, sprinting forward on the end of a terrific throughball from Mbappe before cutting into the centre and showing outstanding patience to wait out a pair of defenders and the goalkeeper before chipping in a delicate finish from 10 yards!,1

Moments later and the second booking is produces as Kehrer sees yellow for a hard foul on Simic, who certainly felt the brunt of that.,2

The first yellow card of the match is shown to Pavkov, who gets an elbow up into the face of Marquinhos in an attempt to win the ball in the air.,2

PSG HAVE THEIR EARLY LEAD! 1-0! Mbappe sprints down the left as he leads a clinical counter attack, getting beyond Stojkovic before squaring unselfishly for Cavani who turns it into the empty net from five yards!,1

Meite is the next Fiorentina player to get booked for his reaction after getting caught offside. Kessie had tried to play him through.,2

Milan substitution. Meite is on for Calhanoglu who looks like being the matchwinner for the visitors.,0

Kouame is shown a yellow card for that foul on Dalot. Fiorentina look to be ending the game empty-handed.,2

Fiorentina make a few changes. Martinez Quarta has been struggling to handle Diaz. The Ivorian forward Kouame comes on for him.,0

GOAL! FIORENTINA 2-3 AC MILAN! Milan are back in front! Fiorentina lose possession from a throw-in and Kessie quickly finds Calhanoglu in the box. The Turkish midfielder calmly rolls the ball through a mass of Fiorentina defenders into the bottom right corner.,1

Milan make a few substitutions which they were preparing before they scored. Bennacer is on for Tonali first.,0

GOAL! FIORENTINA 2-2 AC MILAN! We're level again! Kjaer heads Milan's latest corner towards goal and Diaz bundles it into the net from close range! This game is great fun.,1

GOAL! FIORENTINA 2-1 AC MILAN! Ribery scores with a great strike to give the hosts the lead! Vlahovic holds up Eysseric's cross from the right in the box and lays it off. Ribery arrives on the scene to curl it into the net from the edge of the box.,1

Tonali picks up a yellow card for leaving a trailing leg on Ribery. This is too far out for Pulgar so Eysseric will take the free-kick.,2

Dragowski walks off the pitch. The injury doesn't look too bad but he won't be able to continue. Terracciano replaces him in goal for Fiorentina.,0

GOAL! FIORENTINA 1-1 AC MILAN! It's a fantastic free-kick by Pulgar! The Chilean steps up and sweeps the free-kick into the top left corner. Donnarumma gets a hand to it but can do nothing about it finding the roof of the net.,1

GOAL! FIORENTINA 0-1 AC MILAN! Milan get up and running right away. It's a simple goal as Ibrahimovic latches onto Kjaer's ball over the top to get through on goal. The Swede hits his effort into the turf and it bounces past Dragowski into the far bottom corner.,1

Both sets of players pile in following the melee, and Lejeune is shown a yellow card at its conclusion having been at the centre of the incident. That will bring an end to the confrontation between the centre-back and Rudiger, for the time being at least! The full-time whistle will be close now, too.,2

Rudiger and Lejeune do battle on the far side, with the latter conceding a corner. The Madrid centre-back's not happy with the Frenchman's challenge and shoves the Rayo defender to earn himself a yellow card!,2

Dimitrievski's arguing with the referee over whether the ball stayed in play, but he's not going to change his mind and instead picks up a yellow card.,2

After playing the initial advantage, the referee comes back to book Trejo, whose shirt-grabbing challenge on Bellingham was as cynical as it was unsuccessful!,2

Palazon is also taken off by Francisco despite shaking off that shoulder injury, and Jorge de Frutos enters the fray for the last few minutes of the contest.,0

A late change coming for Madrid, as Camavinga is replaced by Nacho in a change that suggests Los Blancos will be pumping the ball forward at every available opportunity.,0

Alvaro Garcia also comes off, as Rayito manager Francisco introduces his favourite get-out-of-jail card in the form of Bebe.,0

De Tomas is the next player off for Rayo having drawn a blank against his former club, and he's replaced by a man adored in the Rojiblancos-supporting areas of the city, Radamel Falcao.,0

A touchline battle between Trejo and Camavinga is eventually halted by the referee's whistle, with the giving of a Rayo free-kick incensing Vinicius to the point that he's booked for dissent by the official!,2

Toni Kroos is next on for the Madridstas, replacing Fran Garcia in a change that will see the German stalwart operate from the base of midfield, and Camavinga move to left-back.,0

Los Blancos captain Modric comes off in their first change of the match, with the introduction of Rodrygo set to add a new dimension to the Madrid attack.,0

A wild mid-air clash between Camavinga and Palazon leaves both players down on the deck, with the Madrid midfielder shown the yellow card after the Rayo winger was caught in the face mid-jump!,2

After being cautioned, midfielder Ciss is also withdrawn, with his place in the Rayito side taken by Kike Perez.,0

Lopez comes off in the first change made by the visitors, and he'll be replaced in midfield by Oscar Trejo.,0

Ciss and Modric get tangled up in midfield and the Rayo midfielder looks to stop the ball for the free-kick he thinks is going his side's way, but the referee has other ideas and books the Senegalese international instead!,2

Ratiu and Vinicius come together in a shoulder-to-shoulder challenge, but the Rayo right-back is penalised for flicking his legs up after hitting the deck and catching the Madrid winger! That's a rather bizarre yellow card, and certainly won't make the battle down that side any easier for the Romanian!,2

Rashford steps inside from the left and Snodgrass brings him down, giving away a free-kick just outside the box and earning himself a booking.,2

United are making their first change now and it's Martial that's making way, with Greenwood on for him.,0

WHAT A GOAL! Fernandes just pulls away his defender in the middle of the box to get on the end of Shaw's cross and he gets his leg up to hit it on the volley. Johnstone can't get close to it and United at level. 1-1!,1

Gallagher gave the ball away and he steps across Fred to try and make up for his mistake, committing a foul and picking up the first booking of the game.,2

WEST BROM LEAD! It's a lovely cross into the box from Gallagher and despite being behind Lindelof, the forward out muscles him to get his head on the ball and put it past De Gea for his first goal for the club. 1-0 West Brom!,1

Vinicius makes way as Ancelotti looks to eat into the remaining stoppage time. The Brazilian taunts the Barcelona fans as he makes his way off the pitch to be replaced by Vazquez!,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! WOULD YOU BELIEVE IT? IT'S BELLINGHAM IN STOPPAGE TIME! The Barcelona fans are stunned into silence as Madrid complete the turnaround! Carvajal finds space to cross from the right, and an unmarked Modric gets a touch to send the ball bouncing over Martinez's head. Bellingham is in the right place at the right time again as he pokes the ball between Ter Stegen's legs before standing with his arms aloft in trademark fashion. 2-1 to Madrid!,1

Raphinha is also entering the fray, with Joao Felix withdrawn. He started brightly before fading in the second half.,0

Xavi introduces Romeu at the base of midfield, with Fermin taken off after receiving a yellow card earlier in the game.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! INCREDIBLE STRIKE FROM BELLINGHAM! It's surely the pick of the bunch from Bellingham in a Madrid shirt! Los Blancos are level out of nowhere as a left-wing cross is headed out as far as the England international. He takes a touch to set himself before crashing a 25-yard strike into the top-right corner! Ter Stegen got a slight touch but was beaten for power, and it's 1-1 in El Clasico!,1

Rodrygo is also going off, with Ancelotti introducing a physical presence up front in the form of Joselu.,0

Ancelotti responds with two substitutions of his own. Modric finally enters the fray, with Kroos off after enduring a difficult 63 minutes.,0

A big cheer goes up as Lewandowski makes his return from injury! Torres makes way as Xavi turns to his bench for the first time.,0

Carvajal is booked for pulling Joao Felix's shirt on halfway. Madrid have struggled to cope with the Atletico Madrid loanee.,2

Torres is booked for stopping Vinicius' run by dragging the winger down, with what will surely be the final action of the first half.,2

Moments after striking the post, Fermin picks up the first yellow card of the game for a late challenge on Kroos deep in Madrid territory.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL! GUNDOGAN PUTS BARCELONA AHEAD! The former Manchester City captain has his first goal for the Blaugrana, and what a time to get it! Gundogan looks for a give-and-go with Torres, and Tchouameni gets a toe to the forward's return pass. Alaba is unable to reach it on the slide, and Gundogan bursts into the area before side-footing past Kepa! 1-0!,1

Tello is shown a yellow card just two minutes after coming on for an ill-advised sliding tackle on Correia.,2

Fekir won't be able to continue after an apparent problem with his left leg. Ruibal takes his place in the side.,0

Canales is recalled to the bench with nine minutes left in regulation. Tello is called to see out the remainder.,0

Iglesias comes off and looks absolutely exhausted. He departs as the top scorer of the 2021/22 Copa del Rey with five goals. Jose is his replacement.,0

Foulquier makes way for Musah in the 100th minute of the match as Bordalas injects pace into the side.,0

Despite his age, Joaquin is still able to get by defenders as he dribbles his way through midfield, only to be stopped abruptly by Soler. The referee issues a yellow card to the Valencia player and gives Real Betis a free-kick 35 yards from goal.,2

Iglesias goes through the back of Gabriel and gives away a free-kick in midfield but the referee halts the restart to award the goalscorer a yellow card.,2

Real Betis' first change of the match is an inspirational one, with club legend, captain and Copa del Rey winner Joaquin coming on to replace Juanmi.,0

Bordalas intelligently takes Guillamon off the pitch before the midfielder picks up a second booking. He finishes the match with an incredible seven fouls conceded in 85 minutes. Racic is his replacement.,0

Confirmation of the change for Valencia as Correia comes onto the pitch but it’s Moriba who makes way - as the former Portugal under-21 international is tasked with playing slightly more inside.,0

Guillamon is finally shown a yellow card after his fifth foul conceded, after stepping across Fekir and bringing him down.,2

A poor pass back from Bellerin to Pezzella is almost intercepted by Moriba on the edge of Real Betis’ penalty area, prompting the centre-back to slide into a clumsy challenge. It’s a yellow for the Argentina international - the third of the match.,2

VALENCIA GET THEMSELVES BACK INTO THE GAME! 1-1! After winning possession in their own half, Valencia immediately get the ball up the pitch on the counter-attack, finding Moriba in the centre-circle unmarked. He prods a pass between Bartra and Bellerin for Duro, who charges into the penalty area and scoops a delightful finish into the net!,1

A cynical tackle from Carvalho on Guedes stops a Valencia counter-attack 35 yards from goal - earning the midfielder a yellow card.,2

IGLESIAS POWERS BETIS AHEAD! 1-0! It’s a well-worked goal from the Verdiblancos as Fekir picks up possession in midfield before spotting the overlapping run of Bellerin down the right flank. The full-back puts a perfect cross into the area for Iglesias, who attacks it with vigour and leaves the goalkeeper no chance!,1

The referee stops play and shows Gabriel a yellow card for an incident off-the-ball which has left Iglesias on the ground holding his face.,2

Tielemans picks up a late yellow card for a poor tackle on Buendia. The Leicester captain won't care.,2

Soyuncu barges into Duran to give Villa a free-kick down their right. The Turkish international is booked. A goal for Villa might give them some hope, but they've been flat in this second half.,2

Leicester wisely decide to protect their two-goal lead. Off goes Tete who's done well. On comes their centre-back Soyuncu.,0

Villa bring on a few more players, but it's surely too late for them to turn this around. Duran is on for Bailey first.,0

Leicester start to make changes of their own. Vardy replaces Iheanacho first. No doubt the Villa defence will love facing him.,0

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 2-2 LEICESTER CITY! Iheanacho levels things up for Leicester again! The Nigerian lurks in the box to nod unmarked past Martinez as he gets on the end of Barnes' excellent left-wing cross.,1

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 1-1 LEICESTER CITY! Leicester equalise instantly due to a Villa mix-up at the back. Kamara gets caught on the ball in the box. Iheanacho pounces on him to find Maddison who gleefully rifles into the net!,1

HE'S OFF!!!! It's a second yellow in as many minutes for Barcola!!! Frustrations boil over for the young PSG wideman, who needlessly swipes at the legs of Brahimi, gets nowhere near the ball, and is shown another yellow card by the referee! He's not the only frustrated one, with PSG fans who've seen their side blow a 2-0 lead voicing their frustrations at the 21-year-old!,3

Barcola links up with Soler before skipping into the area and being dispossessed by Lees-Melou, who is clipped by the PSG forward as he clears the ball, resulting in a yellow card for Barcola.,2

On comes Goncalo Ramos in one last throw of the dice for PSG, replacing his international team-mate Vitinha in an attack-minded change from Luis Enrique.,0

Brest make another pair of changes after locking the scores level at 2-2, with Del Castillo replaced by Algeria forward Billal Brahimi out wide.,0

Julien Le Cardinal will also come on to replace Locko in defence, after the starting left-back played a crucial role in Brest's equaliser!,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! We are level in Paris!!! Locko plays a lovely clipped pass down the line to Satriano, who cuts inside, races into the box, and crosses through the legs of Danilo for Pereira Lage to dart in at the near post and score with a cheeky back-heel!!! Another well-worked goal takes Brest from 2-0 to 2-2, and the momentum is with the visitors as we enter the final 10 minutes here!,1

Asensio's first-half contribution sent PSG on their way in this game, and now he's on his way to the bench with his Spanish compatriot Carlos Soler entering proceedings.,0

PSG Marquinhos also comes on for the final 15 minutes of the game, replacing Hernandez in central defence and being given the armband by stand-in Mbappe.,0

Camara's goal got Brest back into the contest, but he comes off now for Jonas Martin to provide even more of that attacking impetus in the final 20 or so minutes here.,0

Kolo Muani's goal on the half-time whistle is the difference between these two sides as things stand, and he comes off in PSG's first change with Ousmane Dembele a like-for-like replacement.,0

Brest make their first alteration of the match in the attacking positions, with Le Douaron replaced out wide by Uruguayan forward Martín Satriano.,0

Brassier loses out to Kolo Muani and drags down the PSG forward as his team-mates break over halfway on the counter. The referee gives advantage as Mbappe wins the hosts a corner, but he's soon coming back over to show Brassier the yellow card.,2

Zaire-Emery catches Locko late with a poor challenge that leaves the full-back needing treatment, and once he's back to his feet, the PSG youngster is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! Brest pull one back!!! Del Castillo advances up the right and links up with Lala before getting the ball back. He beats two defenders on his way into the area before squaring to Camara, whose shot takes a huge deflection off Danilo and wrong-foots Donnarumma to squeeze into the bottom-right corner!! A stroke of luck perhaps, but they all count, and at 2-1 down Brest are well and truly back in this game!,1

Lala is also booked following that fracas, having cynically dragged Mbappe to the floor after being beaten for pace by the striker!,2

Mbappe is dragged down by Lala and doesn't like the challenge one bit, racing in to shove the full-back and being met with a swift yellow card!,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! They make it two right on half-time!!! PSG win possession in the final third and Barcola tees up Asensio in the box once again. His low shot is parried well by Bizot, but the goalkeeper can do nothing to prevent Kolo Muani sliding in to tap the ball into an empty net!! It was an even and end-to-end contest for a while, but that one-two punch late in the half leaves Brest 2-0 down with it all to do in the second period.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! PSG break the deadlock with goal right out of the top drawer!! Vitinha's cross-field pass finds Barcola, who scoops the ball over the top and into the box with Asensio arriving, and it's met on the volley by the Spain international who guides it hard and low into the bottom-right corner!!! An opener that oozed class from start to finish, and it's put PSG 1-0 up in the capital.,1

Quick inter-play between Barcola and Asensio allows the Spaniard to burst over halfway down the left-hand side. He's into the final third but gets clipped from behind by Lees-Melou's reckless lunge, earning the Brest midfielder a yellow card.,2

Del Castillo plays a throughball down the line for the advancing Magnetti, but he's clattered right on the edge of the box by Hernandez, gifting Brest a dangerous free-kick and resulting in the the first yellow card of the game for the PSG defender.,2

A promising-looking Toulouse attack is brought to a halt by Moutoussamy's well-timed intervention, and he sends Ganago away down the left. The winger looks to cut inside Desler but is barged to the floor, with the Toulouse right-back shown a late yellow card for the foul.,2

Two-goal centre-back Costa has written his name into Toulouse folklore for many years to come in this game, and he comes off to a chorus of purple cheers as Anthony Rouault enters the fray.,0

Spierings comes off for Toulouse have excelled in the middle of the park, and Moussa Diarra will see out the game for Les Pitchouns.,0

Blas comes off for Nantes having been unable to repeat the heroics of last season's final, and Les Canaris' captain is replaced late on by Marcus Coco.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! But it doesn't matter as Toulouse have FIVE!!! Van den Boomen's low free-kick strikes the bottom of the wall, and the half-cleared ball skews out to Aboukhlal. He drills a first-time shot goalwards, and hard, with the ball taking a slight nick off the back of a defender to take it into the top corner! Their four-goal lead restored, Toulouse make it 5-1, and their fans can truly celebrate now as we enter the latter stages!,1

Chaibi comes off in the latest Toulouse change, and he'll be replaced in the champions-elect's frontline by Rafael Ratao.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! Blas coverts!! Just as he did last season, Blas steps up from 12 yards and lashes home a penalty in the Coupe de France final, sending Haug the wrong way and cutting the gap on Toulouse's lead to 4-1!,1

Captain Dejaegere also comes off, and Vincent Sierro will replace the Toulouse winger, who will no doubt be keeping himself warmed up for the near-inevitable trophy lift at full-time.,0

Toulouse make their first changes of the final, and Dallinga, who has been kept very much under wraps in the second half, is denied the chance to complete his hat-trick as Ado Onaiwu comes on to replace him.,0

Booked left-back Joao Victor comes off in Nantes' latest change, and on comes Quentin Merlin looking to provide a touch of magic from the bench.,0

Ganago's been very lively since coming on and breaks up a Toulouse attack before playing a one-two with Sissoko on halfway. However, he's pulled back by Dejaegere as he runs onto the return ball, and the penalised Pitchouns captain goes into the book.,2

Mollet was also a passenger for much of the first half, and Samuel Moutoussamy replaces him at the break.,0

Andy Delort's introduction completes a trio of half-time changes, and he comes on for booked defender Pallois in a move that will likely result in a change-up of Nantes' formation.,0

A raft of half-time changes coming for a Nantes side needing some spark in the second period, with the first seeing Ignatius Ganago replace the ineffective Moses Simon.,0

Toulouse cut out a promising-looking Nantes attack and the clearance is launched up field. Dallinga is nudged by Castelletto and wins the softest of soft free-kicks, with Nantes' bench so enraged that their substitute goalkeeper Remy Descamps is shown a yellow card!,2

Aboukhlal bursts away from Victor on the turn and races into open pasture, but he's soon felled by Pallois sliding across, who gets none of the ball, all of the man, and a yellow card to boot.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! Four goals in half an hour!! Toulouse add another to their collection at breakneck speed, as Spierings drives through midfield before feeding Chaibi. He drills a low shot goalwards which is parried by Lafont, but Dallinga is on hand to tap the ball home and make it 4-0, yes FOUR-NILL, to Toulouse! What a final, what a performance, and what a shock to anyone who thought this game would be a slow burner!,1

Victor pulls on the shirt of Aboukhlal to prevent him connecting with a lofted pass, and the Nantes left-back is shown a yellow card by the referee as the leaders line up another free-kick.,2

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Toulouse make it three with a pearler of a goal!! Suazo has the ball in space on the left and clips an absolutely exquisite curved throughball into the path of Dallinga. The ball bounces kindly for Dallinga, who has clearly shaken off any injury worries and confidently chips the ball over the onrushing Lafont and into an empty net! A goal worthy of winning any final, and with Toulouse 3-0 up in just 23 minutes of play, it may well do just that!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!!! This is what dreams are made of! Costa and Toulouse at the double after Nantes fail to deal with another ball into the box! Van den Boomen's free-kick is flicked on at the front post, but no-one can turn the ball goalwards. However, Spierings keeps the ball alive and knocks it back across the face, where Costa lays in wait to power in his second header of the game! Toulouse double their lead to 2-0, and after just 10 minutes, Les Pitchouns are in absolute fantasy land here!,1

GOOOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! The sea of purple rises around the Stade de France! It's advantage Toulouse inside four minutes as Van den Boomen drills in the corner. Costa climbs above Girotto at the front post and launches a bullet header into the top corner, giving Lafont no chance! A dream start for the underdogs, and it's 1-0 to Toulouse early on in the final!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KJAER EQUALISES AT THE DEATH!!!!! 1-1!!!!! Milan get a deserved leveller as Kjaer rises to power a header into the net. Krunic puts his delivery from a corner on the left flank into a dangerous position. Kjaer makes great contact with his header and it travels with speed past Henderson. The keeper gets a hand to the ball and perhaps should keep it out, but it hits the back of the net.,1

Fernandes makes way for the home side after another vital contribution. Fred replaces the Portuguese.,0

McTominay kicks the ball out of the hand of Donnarumma as he attempts to launch a counter for the visitors. The Scot is rightly booked.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! DIALLO BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!!! The teenager notches his first goal for United with a precise header over Donnarumma. Fernandes floats a perfect ball over the top and Diallo makes a good run in behind the Milan defence. The forward produces a back header from 10 yards that travels over the outstretched hand of Donnarumma and into the back of the net. What a moment for Diallo.,1

Martial is withdrawn at the break for the home side. Diallo replaces the Frenchman in the final third. Martial did not look injured.,0

GOOOALLL!!! WHAT A STRIKE! That is a stunner from Bissouma, and Brighton have one back with a few minutes remaining. Everton showed a real lack of control and handed the ball back to Brighton, and this time they are punished, as Bissouma thumped a wonderful effort beyond Pickford and into the the corner.,1

GOOOOOAALLLL!!! EVERTON LEAD 4-1! Brighton had been building the pressure but one mistake and the Toffees pounce! Doucoure feeds Iwobi, who returns it to the Frenchman. He lofts a fantastic pass over the goalkeeper, and James is in the same place to side-foot home his second!,1

Delph has come on in place of Coleman. It appears as though Davies will switch to right-back, with the former Manchester City man dropping into midfield.,0

GOOOOALLLLL!!! JAMES SCORES! Trossard’s dreadful pass was cut out by the Colombian and Everton pounce – Calvert-Lewin laying it through for Iwobi, who manages to squeeze it back across goal where James is waiting to acrobatically turn in his second Premier League goal. Everton 3-1 Brighton!,1

GOOOOOAAALLLL!!!! EVERTON RESTORE THEIR LEAD! Parity did not last long and, against the run of play it has to be said, Everton have their second. James delivered a fantastic cross, and his compatriot Mina leapt highest to head home from close range. Everton 2-1 Brighton.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON EQUALISE! It’s another howler from Jordan Pickford! Trossard’s tame volley fell right into his arms, yet the England goalkeeper failed to keep hold of it, and Maupay was on hand to bundle it home. It’s 1-1!,1

Well, Richarlison is off, and that is a boost for Brighton. Iwobi has replaced Everton’s Brazil international, who may now be facing a race against time to be fit for the Merseyside derby on October 17.,0

GOOOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! EVERTON LEAD! And who else would it be?! Calvert-Lewin – fresh from his first England call up – has his sixth league goal of the season, as he meets Sigurdsson’s cross at the back post and powers in a brilliant header. It’s 1-0 to Everton!,1

An early booking for Alzate, who drags Coleman back to prevent the full-back getting forward down the right.,2

Rashford hobbles off the pitch, which is not encouraging for his hopes of playing again in the near future. Greenwood replaces the forward.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SHAW DOUBLES UNITED'S LEAD!!!! 2-0!!!!! The full-back leads the charge downfield for the visitors and then finishes the move with a precise finish. Shaw gallops down the left flank and offloads to Rashford. He continues his run into the box and collects the offload from his team-mate. Shaw takes a touch before placing a left-footed strike past Ederson into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! FERNANDES PUTS UNITED AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!! The visitors take the lead as the Portuguese converts from 12 yards. He fires low and hard towards the bottom-left corner. Ederson gets a hand to the ball, but cannot keep it out. A great start for the Red Devils.,1

Lowton trips Maitland-Niles on the edge of the box. He is given a yellow card and hands West Brom a free-kick in a dangerous spot.,2

OFF! After looking at the screen at the side of the pitch, referee Dean sends Ajayi off for deliberate handball. The West Brom man can have no complaints.,3

IT'S A HAT-TRICK! Bamford strikes again, and what a remarkable team goal that is. Villa's record is now surely gone, with Leeds' number nine curling home a wonderful finish despite being crowded out by four defenders. It came at the culmination of a slick move – Costa combining with Shackleton to feed Bamford, who did the rest in some style. It's Villa 0-3 Leeds!,1

GOOOOOAALLLL!!! LEEDS HAVE A SECOND! It’s that man Bamford again, and what a strike it is! Klich drove forward through midfield and found the striker, who turned away from two markers before curling a sublime finish into the top-right corner. It’s 2-0 to the visitors!,1

GOOOOAALLL!!! LEEDS TAKE THE LEAD! Well, Villa had been building the pressure, but it is the visitors who have drawn first blood! Another brilliant counter down the left saw Harrison release Rodrigo, whose low shot was parried out by Martinez. Bamford reacts quickly, and is on hand to lash home from five yards. Villa 0-1 Leeds!,1

Here is that Leeds change! Bielsa seemed confident that Struijk could fill in for Phillips but, with the youngster having already been booked, he has now been taken off. Shackleton is on in his place.,0

A first booking of the game goes to Struijk, who lunged in late on Grealish. Villa's captain stayed down for a while, but will not require treatment.,2

GOOOAAAALL! Newcastle are level once again, it's 2-2! What a response by the hosts and it's another superb strike. The Magpies win a free-kick down the right wing as Fernandinho fouls Manquillo. Atsu steps up to take the set piece, but instead of whipping it into the box, he pulls it back to Shelvey on the edge of the area, who curls the ball into the corner of the net. Fantastic finish.,1

City make their third and final substitution now, with Jesus coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Rodri.,0

WHAT A GOAL! De Bruyne with a superb volley to fire City back into the lead, it's 2-1! The midfielder chested the ball down and the volleyed it into the back of the net, via the crossbar, out of the reach of Dubravaka. A moment of magic has put City within touching distance of clinching all three points now.,1

Meanwhile City make a double change, with Mahrez the first man coming off and he has been replaced by Bernardo Silva.,0

Newcastle make their first substitution of the game, with Joelinton the man coming off and he has been replaced by Gayle.,0

Fernandinho is booked after he brings Joelinton down around 35 yards out, with the striker just getting a toe to the ball before the City defender.,2

GOOOAAALLL! City's lead doesn't last very long, Newcastle equalise to make it 1-1! Almiron finds Willems in the box, as the left-back sprinted forward to get into the attack and his strike is perfectly placed into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, drilling it past Ederson.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Gundogan after he trips Saint-Maximin as he looks to break away. The midfielder will now be suspended for the game against Burnley in midweek.,2

GOOOAAALLL! City take the lead, Sterling scoring to make it 1-0! They finally make their possession count and get their noses ahead. David Silva breaks into the box, but he runs out of room and back heels it to Sterling instead, who slides the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net from around the penalty spot. Lovely finish.,1

GOALLL! FORNALS! 1-0. West Ham take the lead. Rice hits a crisp pass into Fornals who swivels before hitting a strike from 25 yards that flicks off Konsa before looping over Martinez and in!,1

HERMOSO IS SENT OFF! RED CARD! The substitute centre-back who got Atletico Madrid back into the match with his earlier goal has put his side at a real disadvantage, picking up his second yellow card in two minutes after giving Ceballos a two-handed shove during a corner-kick for the hosts! Atleti down to 10 men!,3

An aggravated Hermoso comes across and gives Carvajal a push, seemingly unhappy with the earlier challenge. The substitute goalscorer is also given a yellow card - which does nothing but waste time for the hosts.,2

Carvajal runs up behind Reinildo during a race for the loose ball and gives him a push, sending the Brazil international to the ground. The referee immediately takes out his card and shows the Real Madrid right-back a yellow with two minutes left.,2

Ceballos comes on for Rodrygo and he will undoubtedly be tasked with winning the ball back and keeping possession with neat passes.,0

HERMOSO CUTS THE DEFICIT! 2-1! Atletico Madrid punish their opponents’ mistakes at the back as Griezmann’s corner-kick is missed by Courtois, allowing the substitute defender to shoulder the ball into the back of the net!,1

Koke is shown a yellow card for a dangerous body check, throwing himself in the path of Rodrygo to prevent a certain counter-attack.,2

THE VISITORS DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! Vinicius breaks into the penalty area with unmistakable speed, putting himself ahead of Witsel and Felipe to prod a shot towards goal. Oblak makes a great close-range reaction save which pushes the ball onto the far post but Valverde is there to take care of the rebound and finish the move!,1

Mendy leaps into a scissor-style tackle which makes sure to catch both of Llorente’s legs, bringing him down near the byline. It’s a yellow card for the Real Madrid left-back and a free-kick in a dangerous position for the hosts.,2

Rodrygo goes down holding his right leg after receiving a flying stomp from Reinildo during a chase for the ball. The centre-back is immediately shown the yellow card with the referee apparently debating an even more severe punishment.,2

REAL MADRID TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Rodrygo cuts in from the left and plays a pass to Tchouameni, who brilliantly lifts the ball over the top of the defence in order to return it to the Brazil international. A leaping Felipe can’t get on the end of it, which allows Rodrygo to steal in and tuck his finish past Oblak from close range!,1

GOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-5 ARSENAL! Smith Rowe wraps up the scoring for Arsenal with the easiest finish of the lot. The substitute pokes in Pepe's blocked shot from a few yards out. VAR checks the goal before confirming it's onside.,1

GOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-4 ARSENAL! This has turned into a romp for Arsenal. Lacazette confidently smashes the penalty into the bottom right corner of the net, sending Gunn the wrong way. Norwich have been woeful.,1

Saka heads off to warm applause from the Arsenal fans, high-fiving his colleagues on the bench. Pepe gets a run-out with the game surely won already for Arsenal.,0

Płacheta's race is run. He's been Norwich's best player here, which isn't saying much. The teenage Greek Tzolis comes on.,0

Arsenal make their first change of the game. Elneny takes the booked Partey's place at the base of midfield.,0

GOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-3 ARSENAL! Saka grabs his second goal of the game! The Englishman receives Lacazette's pass, teases his man near the corner of the box before darting inside and passing into the bottom left corner. He's been excellent.,1

Partey picks up a yellow card for cynically bringing down Kabak as Norwich break forward on the counter.,2

GOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-2 ARSENAL! Tierney gives Arsenal a cushion before half-time! Odegaard finds the Scot's gut-busting run from deep with Norwich out of shape. He takes a great first touch in the box before firing the ball into the bottom right corner where Gunn can't reach it.,1

Things are starting to get a bit ill-tempered. White nudges Placheta off the ball and Placheta reacts poorly, shoving the Arsenal defender. The Norwich man is booked once the referee calms things down.,2

The referee consults his assistant before showing Xhaka the yellow card. If Xhaka had connected with Sargent there, it could have been nasty.,2

GOAL! NORWICH CITY 0-1 ARSENAL! The visitors take an early lead! Tierney wins possession for Arsenal high up the pitch and the Gunners find Odegaard. The Norwegian passes to Saka who cuts onto his favoured left foot and calmly slots past Gunn into the far bottom corner.,1

Bayern have been waiting to make a double change for the last five minutes and there's finally a stop in play that allows them to do it. Musiala is the first to go off, with Choupo-Moting on for him.,0

Coman spots Marusic take a heavy touch so tries to nick it off him, but catches him late and is shown a yellow card.,2

Davies slid in late on Lazzari at the byline to stop the cross and gives away a free-kick. Kimmich isn't happy with that decision though and he's booked for dissent.,2

Escalante tracks back to try and win possession back but he slides in late on Lewandowski from behind and has his name taken by the referee.,2

Coman just steps across Marusic to control the ball and he clips the back of his heels. He's booked and Bayern have a free-kick on the edge of the box.,2

Correa just seemed to slip as he tried to nick the ball off Boateng and he catches the defender with a late challenge which earns him a booking.,2

There's a double change for Lazio now and Leiva is the first to make way, with Escalante replacing him.,0

CORREA SCORES! And just like that, Lazio pull one back! Lazio work it upfield well from deep in their own half, and Correa gets lucky as it bounces into him. He drifts away from Boateng's challenge to get into the middle of the box before slotting his shot past Neuer and into the bottom corner. 4-1! ,1

SANE SCORES! Coman put Patric under pressure and nicked the ball on the halfway line when he slipped. He drove forward into the box, wrongfooting Acerbi to get his shot away and it's pushed away by Reina. He puts it into Sane's path though and he's left with an easy tap-in. 3-0 Bayern!,1

Lazio are making a change here and it's Musacchio, whose mistake led to Bayern's first goal, that makes way for Lulic.,0

Alberto slid in late on Davies, and although he did get a touch on the ball, a free-kick goes against him. He isn't happy about it and he's booked for dissent.,2

MUSIALA SCORES! None of the Lazio defenders spot Musiala in a pocket of space on the edge of the box which means he has time to set himself when Goretzka picks him out. He keeps his shot low, hitting it into the near bottom corner, and there's nothing Reina can do to keep it out. 2-0 Bayern! ,1

BAYERN LEAD! It's a poor backpass from Musacchio and Reina rushes off his line but can't get there. Lewandowski is alert to intercept it and takes it around the keeper before slotting it into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Bayern! ,1

Neto is booked for time-wasting as he takes his time over the corner. He protests his innocence, but the referee isn't having it.,2

Nuno replaces Willian Jose as the game draws to a close, replacing him up front with young striker Silva.,0

Nuno is forced to replace Marcal, who came on earlier in the half for Jonny, due to an injury. Ait-Nouri comes on in his stead.,0

The second change sees Harrison replaced by Costa, who goes out to the right, meaning Raphinha switches to the left.,0

Bielsa makes a double-change now as he looks to get his side on level terms in the closing stages of the game. Klich is the first to go off, with Alioski replacing him. The substitute goes to left-back, with Dallas moving into midfield.,0

Bielsa responds immediately to going behind by replacing Shackleton with Hernandez in midfield. Klich drops deeper to dictate the game.,0

Jonny is replaced in what appears to be a pre-planned substitution, managing the Spaniard's game-time after a lengthy injury layoff. Marcal replaces him at left wing-back.,0

Spurs' third goalscorer Doherty also comes off, and Emerson Royal will see the game out in his wing-back position.,0

Bryan drags at the shirt of Ayew to prevent the Ghanaian making another break, and the Spurs youngster is shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOAAALLLL!!! It's four!!! Good one-touch play between Bryan and Kane sees the latter clip a ball forward for Son to chase. Guehi looks to have it covered, but mistimes his touch, leaving Son clear to blast it home! The first Asian player ever to rack up 200 Premier League starts marks his milestone with a goal, and one which stretches Spurs' advantage to 4-0.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Spurs seal it!!! Kane picks up the ball on the left, and it's magnetised to his foot as he races towards the box. He releases it wide to Son, who steps beyond Ward and crosses, but the ball is deflected back to Doherty who side-foots it home with his left foot! Another second-half goal for Spurs, and Doherty joins Kane's party to put his side 3-0 up.,1

Skipp comes off in Spurs' first substitution, and another youngster in Pape Sarr will replace the midfielder.,0

That yellow card is the last action Schlupp will see in this game, as Palace manager Patrick Vieira brings on striker Jean-Philippe Mateta in his place.,0

A poor Schlupp pass is easily cut out by Bryan, who looks to break but is deliberately brought down by the Palace midfielder. Spurs play on and Kane crosses for Perisic to have a shot blocked, and following that passage of play, Schlupp is booked.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! It's two!!! And just like that, Spurs are in full control!!! Andersen dispossesses Doherty, but his hooked clearance is cut out by Kane. He plays a one-two with Bryan as he runs into the box, before firing a low shot across the face of goal which nestles in the far corner!! Palace gave him an inch, and Kane's taken a mile, as he puts Spurs 2-0 up at Selhurst Park!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! One chance, one goal!!! Spurs break at speed and Bryan finds Perisic unmarked to his left. He hooks a cross to the back post, and Kane rises above the defence to head beyond Guaita and in from close range! He scores on his 300th Premier League appearance, and with their first threatening chance of the game, Spurs take a 1-0 lead!,1

Skipp slides into Ayew and catches the Palace forward, with the loose ball being latched onto for a Palace counter-attack. It comes to nothing though, and the referee comes back to book the Tottenham midfielder.,2

KOOPMEINERS SCORES! And that should do it for Atalanta! Napoli have numbers back, but they're slow to get in position as Ruggeri squares it to Koopmeiners on the left of the box. He gets a yard on Rrahmani to drill his low shot across goal and into the far bottom corner, just out of Meret's reach. 3-0 Atalanta!,1

It's a frustrated challenge from Di Lorenzo as he kicks De Roon's legs out from underneath him. He knows the yellow card is coming as soon as he does it.,2

Scalvini moved off the pitch to receive treatment, and now that his number has gone up, he'll go down the tunnel to get more. Toloi replaces him.,0

Both sides are making another change here, starting with Atalanta. Kolasinac goes off, with Djimsiti on in his place.,0

As we hit the hour-mark, Atalanta are making a triple change after struggling to make much of an impact in the second half so far. Zappacosta went down holding his ankle and is replaced by Ruggeri.,0

Kolasinac kicks Rui's standing leg out from underneath him, and can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

Napoli are making a double change at the break as they look to get back into this game. Raspadori is the first to go off, with Ngonge on for him.,0

SCAMACCA SCORES! Just before the break, Atalanta double their lead! Scamacca initially gives the ball away, but when Jesus dawdles on the ball, it's the Italian's pressure that forces the mistake. The defender gifts it to Miranchuk, who slides it into Scamacca on the edge of the box, and he drills his shot past Meret and into the bottom-left corner. 2-0 Atalanta!,1

Osimhen thinks Hien was holding him and wants a free-kick, which the referee doesn't give. He throws his hands up in frustration, and whatever he says to the official results in him being booked for dissent.,2

MIRANCHUK SCORES! Zappacosta's initial cross just isn't dealt with by Napoli, and De Roon nods it back into the danger zone. Jesus heads it away from Scamacca in the middle, but he only gets it as far as Pasalic, whose touch goes straight to Miranchuk, who is left with a simple tap-in. 1-0 Atalanta!,1

Cook receives the first booking of the game after a reckless challenge on Eriksen. The United midfielder is not happy at all.,2

WHAT A GOAL!!! 1-0 UNITED!!! CASEMIRO!!! The visitors take the lead after Casemiro scores a bicycle kick! Eriksen plays a lofted pass over the top of the Bournemouth backline, which the defenders fail to clear. The Brazilian international keeps his eyes on the ball and his acrobatic effort goes in off the crossbar.,1

Maksimovic is the latest player to go into the book after taking Luis Suarez out. It's been a feisty affair.,2

Saiz comes on for his debut since joining on loan from  Leeds, replacing Rodriguez. The new man will play off Mata in an advanced midfield role. ,0

Cabrera clatters into Luis Suarez and picks up the third card of the second half. The free-kick is in a promising position out wide for the visitors.,2

Damian Suarez is lured into a foul by Messi on the edge of the box and gets booked. The Argentine could well punish him from the set-piece.,2

GOAL!! GETAFE PULL ONE BACK! Mata scrambles home from Rodriguez's square ball across the face of goal from a deep left-wing cross that wasn't dealt with! The hosts are back in the game at 2-1! ,1

GOAL!!! LUIS SUAREZ DOUBLES BARCELONA'S LEAD! WHAT A STRIKE! A free-kick is floated in and half-cleared to the edge of the box, but only as far as the Uruguayan, who strikes the ball sweetly on the volley, arrowing it into the corner despite Soria getting fingertips to it! ,1

GOAL!!! MESSI MAKES IT 1-0! Messi nutmegs the goalkeeper with his first touch as a high ball drops inside the box, before racing onto it and slotting into the empty net! Another moment of genius from the Argentine! ,1

Alba quickly follows his team-mate into the book with a rash challenge on Foulquier in a dangerous position for the hosts.,2

Arthur catches Rodriguez in the face with an elbow and he's very lucky that the referee brandishes a yellow card at him rather than a red. The Getafe players are furious - they think he should be off. ,2

Newcastle make a late change. Anderson has missed most of the season but is on for the final few minutes. Miley is off.,0

Howe makes a change just before the restart. It comes at right-back with Livramento coming on for Trippier.,0

GOALLL! SZMODICS SCORES! 1-1! Blackburn are level against the run of play! Lascelles makes the mess of a clearance on the left, allowing Sigurdsson to surge towards the byline before cutting the ball across to Markanday. His powerful effort is pushed away by Dubravka, but Szmodics is the quickest to react and he bundles the ball in from close range.,1

McFadzean has been brilliant in the Blackburn defence but is now coming off for a rest. Koumetio is on.,0

GOALLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! The Magpies have the lead after a fantastic spell! Trippier chips the ball down the right to Almiron, who beats the offside trap and waits for options in the middle. He slides a pass across to Gordon, who races into the box and taps a first-time strike low past Pears.,1

Buckley is also on his way off, with John Eustace taking off another midfielder. Garrett comes on and will have to get used to the pace of the contest quickly.,0

Dolan has had some nice touches in Newcastle's half but has also worked hard defensively. He is off for Markanday.,0

Newcastle are going without a recognised striker, with Isak coming off for Barnes. Gordon will go up front.,0

Howe has seen enough from his Newcastle side and has decided to make some changes. Willock has only recently returned from injury and comes off for Miley.,0

Blackburn get the ball rolling again. Gallagher was carrying an injury near the end of the first half and is replaced by Sigurosson. Szmodics will now lead the attack.,0

Moran is shown the first yellow card after dragging back Murphy around the halfway line. He stopped a counter and will have to be careful now.,2

Shatov is given a yellow card for another cynical Zenit challenge that stops a potential counter-attack.  ,2

Reine-Adelaide's been lively today, but he exits for Terrier as Lyon desperately look for a breakthrough.  ,0

Traore makes way for Cornet, as Lyon search for an injection of creativity to make the difference in this game.,0

Kone becomes the first Lyon player to be booked tonight after a dangerous challenge just inside his own half.,2

LYON EQUALISE! Depay calmly steps up, and rifles the spot-kick into the bottom left corner despite Lunev guessing correctly, to make it 1-1.  ,1

Azmoun eventually fails to overcome the earlier knock to his ankle and is replaced by Ozdoev. He'll be delighted that he still managed to open the scoring after suffering the injury though.  ,0

ZENIT TAKE THE LEAD! Well, Azmoun certainly doesn't appear to be injured now! A crisp one-two between the Iranian striker and Dzyuba releases the former clean through on goal and he cheerfully lashes a shot beyond Lopes from 12 yards to make it 1-0!,1

Napoli turn to their bench again as Osimhen makes way to a huge round of applause as Raspadori comes on to replace him.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! IT'S FIVE!!! This is becoming a rout for the league leaders against Juventus. Di Lorenzo has the ball on the right-hand flank and feeds Elmas. The winger has a lot to do but he cuts inside beautifully to beat Kostic and his strike deflects off Sandro and into the back of the net.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! OSIMHEN WITH ANOTHER!! 4-1!! The goal has been coming as Juventus pushed forward and it is Kvaratskhelia at the heart of it again. Bremer again is sloppy with the ball and the ball is given to Kvaratskhelia. The Georgian makes no mistake and stands up the perfect cross for Osimhen who towers above the Juve defence and slams it into the net.,1

Juventus turn to their bench after the goal with a double change. Locatelli comes off shortly after his collision with Osimhen and Paredes replaces him.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! 3-1!!!! Napoli restore their two-goal lead and what a time for Rrahmani to find his first goal of the season. Kvaratskhelia whips the ball in and the ball heads all the way through to Rrahmani. It is a sweet strike from the centre back and it flies into the back of the net. There is a VAR check for offside but the goal stands and it's a huge one for Napoli.,1

Danilo flies into a rash challenge on Kvaratskhelia and the Juventus defender is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! JUVENTUS PULL ONE BACK! 2-1!! That two-goal lead didn't last long and it is Di Maria with the crucial goal. He jinxes his way onto the edge of the box and the ball squirms past Kim and somehow finds Milik. He lays it back to the onrushing Argentine who finishes well past Meret to drag his Juventus side right back into this game.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! 2-0!!!! Napoli double their lead out of nowhere and it is Kvaratskhelia with the composed finish. It's a hopeful ball into the box but Bremer makes a meal of it and gives away the ball cheaply to Osimhen in the box. He selflessly squares it across to Kvaratskhelia who opens up his body and fires it past Szczesny into the far post.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! NAPOLI LEAD!!! Just moments after that chance, Osimhen puts Napoli ahead. Di Lorenzo feeds it to Politano on the left wing and the Napoli forward's cross finds Kvaratskhelia. The Georgian's effort is acrobatic but saved well by Szczesny. However, the Juventus goalkeeper can only push it out into the path of Osimhen who nods it into the unguarded net.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! CHELSEA 3-0 MALMO! Hudson-Odoi joins the scoring and it is greeted by the biggest cheer of the day. Willian's crossfield pass is controlled by the youngster and he drives into the box before catching Dahlin out with his early shot into the far corner.,1

Ampadu is brought on for Azpilicueta in the sixth and final change of the match. The versatile defender will seemingly slot into the position vacated by the man he has replaced.,0

Barkley leaves the field with another goal to his name - and what a goal it was, by the way - to be replaced by Jorginho.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! CHELSEA 2-0 MALMO! Barkley adds insult to injury following that red card for Bengtsson as he sends the resulting free-kick up and over the wall. Dahlin can only watch as it flies past him, out of his reach. Great technique from the Chelsea midfielder to seal the victory for good.,1

Bengtsson lunges in on Emerson on the edge of the Chelsea box to receive a second yellow card. He initially looked to have got away with it but the referee waited for the Malmo defender to get to his feet before showing him the card.,3

Malmo manager Rosler makes his second change of the game, bringing on Lewicki for Christansen, a scorer in the first leg, for the final 20 minutes.,0

Strandberg is the player brought on for injured striker Rosenberg, who dragged a shot wide in the first half from Malmo's best opening of the game so far.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! CHELSEA 1-0 MALMO! Giroud scores his sixth Europa League goal of the season, including his second of this last-32 tie, to all but send the home side through to the next round. Kante creates the goal by picking up a loose ball and carrying it forward to the edge of the box, before laying it off to Willan, who squres for Giroud to tap home a few yards out.,1

Malmo pick up another yellow card as Bengtsson enters the referee's book for a bad challenge on Barkley. Bengtsson will miss the visitors' next European match if they progress through.,2

Christiansen is booked for stopping the run of Emerson. Like in the first half, Chelsea have struggled to get going since kick-off.,2

Rosenberg hacks the legs of Kovacic and is shown the third yellow card of the first half. That looked to be a frustrated challenge from the Malmo striker.,2

Hudson-Odoi is growing more and more into the match, which is not a good sign for Malmo. He takes the ball past one opposition player and is then taken out by Safari, who is rightly cautioned.,2

Christiansen attempts to break clear of Kovacic and Barkley but the latter makes contact with the Malmo midfielder and is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

GOAL! 3-0 CHELSEA! Barkley arrows a shot into the top left corner after he gets on the end of Azpilicueta's low cross. It's no less than Chelsea deserve.,1

Chelsea make another change. Their snappy Scottish midfielder Gilmour replaces Kante at the base of midfield.,0

Willian makes way for Loftus-Cheek. The Brazilian's experience has likely helped Chelsea to another win.,0

Mariappa's booked for charging into the back of Pulisic. The right-back protests but it's a no-brainer.,2

GOAL! 2-0 CHELSEA! Willian delivers from the penalty spot for the third Premier League game in a row! The Brazilian sends Foster the wrong way and slams it high into the net. That's six goals in his last seven games now.,1

GOAL! 1-0 CHELSEA! Scatch that! Chelsea ramp the tempo up a notch and get their reward. Giroud sniffs a chance in the box and skids a left-footed effort into the far corner.,1

Capoue arrives slightly late on Giroud, catching him on the ankle. The referee gives Capoue a yellow card.,2

Skriniar goes in a fraction late on Lozano and goes into the book. Napoli have a free-kick in a useful position on the left flank.,2

Lukaku goes into the book for blocking off Ospina, although it appeared that the keeper ran into the forward.,2

Martinez is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Hakimi. The forward is not thrilled with the decision.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LUKAKU CONVERTS!!! 1-0 INTER!!! The home side take the lead from the penalty spot as the Belgian holds his composure. Lukaku fires his effort low and hard on his left foot into the bottom-left corner, sending Ospina the wrong way. Inter have the advantage and could be making their way to the top of Serie A tonight.,1

OFF! Insigne vents his frustration at the referee for the penalty decision and goes over the top. The official brandishes a red card to dismiss the forward for dissent. A huge moment in the game and potentially the title race in Serie A.,3

Brozovic is withdrawn and he makes his way to the sideline with a limp. Sensi replaces the midfielder.,0

GGGGGOOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!!!!!!! HE'S WON IT!!! Carrasco steps up, sends Lopez the wrong way, and slots it home to make it 2-1 to Atletico after 100 minutes of play!!! Late drama, and the back end of this game has more than made up for the poorer periods!,1

Vidal's protesting the penalty decision to the referee, and is swiftly brandished with a yellow card.,2

Griezmann sets off on the counter for Atletico, who have numbers, but he's dragged down by Morlanes, who immediately goes into the book.,2

Llorente and Vila engage in a tussle on the near touchline, with Atleti eventually gaining the free-kick. A fracas ensues though, and Llorente is booked for starting it.,2

Vila didn't react at all well to Llorente, and the substitute's first real contribution is to receive a yellow card.,2

Gomez comes off for Espanyol, and Wu Lei, who scored a late winner in their last game, comes on. Lightning never strikes twice, does it?,0

Savic shoves De Tomas to the floor after catching him late, and his booking for that foul means both of Atleti's centre-halves are now on yellow cards.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!!!!! Espanyol are level!!! The free-kick is finally taken, and De Tomas' strike sneaks around the wall before Oblak pushes it onto the post and into the back of the net! Oblak makes a rare and glaring error to make the score 1-1, and the last 15 minutes look set to be interesting!,1

RED CARD!!! A Darder shot from 25 yards strikes Kondogbia on the hand, and the referee says it was a deliberate handball and gives him a second yellow card!!! He is off!,3

Lodi has started the second half at an electric pace, but he's withdrawn now for Reinildo to come on for Atleti.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!!! Atleti break the deadlock!!! Correa turns to feed Cunha, who in turn finds Carrasco on the run with a delightful throughball. He cuts inside, and just when it appears the defence will crowd him out, fires a low shot that beats Lopez at his near post to make it 1-0 to Atleti! The substitutions have had the desired effect for Diego Simeone's side!,1

Lemar was also injured right at the end of the first period, and his fellow France international Antoine Griezmann comes on for him.,0

Gil picked up an injury at the end of the first half, and Aleix Vidal will replace him down the right for Espanyol in the second.,0

Darder scythes through the midfield and is eventually brought down by a shoulder barge from Felipe! He's given his third yellow card of the week after picking up two against Manchester City, and it also rules him out of Atleti's next league game.,2

Gil drags down Lodi to prevent him getting to a Felix throughball, and the Espanyol wing-back is booked for that cynical foul.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JOAO FELIX FIRES HOME!!!! 2-0 ATLETICO!!!! The visitors take command of the game as the Portuguese buries a right-footed effort on the half-volley into the back of the net. Pau Torres is at fault as he heads a low cross from Vrsaljko straight to Joao Felix. The forward chests the ball down to control it before rifling his strike into the bottom-left corner.,1

Lemar is booked for catching Capoue with his elbow after the referee consults the screen at the side of the pitch.,2

Costa vents his fury at the officials about the goal being awarded on the sideline. The Villarreal substitute is booked before he can even get on the field.,2

GOAL! BRIGHTON TAKE THE LEAD! The home side finally get the breakthrough goal, with Gross the goalscorer. Welbeck receives the initial ball and lays it off to a team-mate, they work it back and Trossard sends it to Gross down the right, who sprints onto the end of it and drills it into the bottom left corner of the net. Brighton lead 1-0!,1

Roca is booked after he dives into the back of March and stops the midfielder from breaking forward on the counter.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown early on to Struijk after he brings down March on the halfway line. Poor challenge.,2

Jovic's foul on Hummels gifts Dortmund a free-kick which Can is in no hurry to take, and is eventually shown a yellow card for time-wasting.,2

Following a fast, unsuccessful break by Adeyemi down the right, Reus has pulled up with injury and comes off. Julian Brandt enters the fray, having scored late on against Newcastle last time out.,0

Adli also comes off in midfield, and is replaced by striker Luka Jovic in a change that suggests Pioli is going for broke here.,0

Milan make late changes looking to rescue this game, with Chukwueze surprisingly being brought off for 18-year-old forward Chaka Traore.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!! Dortmund make it three, and might just have wrapped up the points here!! Fullkrug brings down a high ball impressively, and flicks it on to Reus. He does likewise for Adeyemi, who cuts inside Adli's challenge and lets fly with a venomous shot which Maignan gets a hand to but can't prevent from crossing the line! The goalkeeper claws the ball out of the goalmouth, but it's given and Dortmund double their lead to go 3-1 up in Lombardy!,1

There's plenty of pushing and shoving in the box as Milan prepare to attack a corner, and Tomori is shown a yellow card for his part in the melee.,2

Bynoe-Gittens has been superb and frankly unplayable at times, but having scored what could be the winger, comes off now for Marius Wolf.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! Beautifully worked by the men in yellow!! Reus' inside ball is flicked on with deft first touches from both Fullkrug and Sabitzer, the latter teeing Bynoe-Gittens up to squeeze the ball right into the bottom-left corner!! A composed finish from the 19-year-old which had Maignan at full-stretch, but creeps into the back of the net and puts the visitors back in front at 2-1!,1

Dortmund also make another change in the forward positions, with Karim Adeyemi replacing Malen out wide for the Schwarzgelben.,0

Another defender is down, this time Dortmund's Schlotterbeck, and he's also forced off with Salih Ozcan his replacement.,0

Doing his best to keep up with the ever-dangerous Bynoe-Gittens, Thiaw's hamstring pull sadly isn't one he can shake off, and Rade Krunic comes on to replace the defender for Milan.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! A spectacular individual effort brings Milan level!! Maignan collects a blocked Malen shot and throws the ball out quickly, as Milan build a composed attack of their own. It comes out to Chukwueze on the right-hand side, who cuts inside and glides between Bensebaini and Bynoe-Gittens before smashing a low shot right into the bottom corner!! A nick off Schlotterbeck leaves Kobel with no chance, but that was a move that deserved a goal regardless and we're locked up at 1-1!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The opener is dispatched!!! Reus makes no mistake from 12 yards, thumping a curling effort right into the top-left corner to put Dortmund 1-0 up! While Giroud's was an easy effort to save, Maignan had no chance there, and as things stand, the visitors are into the last 16!,1

Donnarumma is now shown a yellow card as Paris Saint-Germain look to take time off the clock; legally or otherwise.,2

Neymar steps across Guendouzi, which sends the Marseille midfielder to the ground in a heap. Furious with what he determined to be play-acting, the Brazil international launches into a tirade - standing over the fallen former Arsenal player and yelling abuse. It’s a yellow card for Neymar, who will have to calm down or face further punishment.,2

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 2-1 PSG! Lopez guesses the right way but it doesn’t matter as Mbappe sends his curling effort out of the reach of the goalkeeper to take the lead!,1

Mendes clatters through the back of Guendouzi, who lets out a scream on his way down to the turf. There’s no doubt it’s a foul as the referee comes over to show the PSG left-back a yellow card; the third booking of the match.,2

GOAL FOR MARSEILLE TO LEVEL LE CLASSIQUE! 1-1! Donnarumma steps off his line to punch away Payet’s corner but the imposing goalkeeper flaps at the delivery, missing the ball entirely. A mad scramble on the goal line ensues but Caleta-Car has the time and presence of mind to poke it home!,1

Messi’s mazy drive towards the penalty area is abruptly ended by Gerson, who takes one for the team and brings down the Argentina captain - earning himself a yellow card.,2

Verratti unorthodoxly brings Guendouzi down with his hands after the PSG midfielder stumbled in pursuit of his opponent. The rugby-style tackle earns him a yellow card and gives Marseille a free-kick.,2

PSG TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Messi drives forward before laying it off to Verratti in central midfield. The Italy international picks his head up and scoops a fantastic cross to the far post for the run of Neymar, whose diving poke towards goal skips over the head of Lopez and in!,1

Rabiot has been given a booking for charging into Linetty and then kicking the ball away in frustration.,2

Cuadrado becomes the latest player to pick up a booking, after he dived in on Leris as this match becomes increasingly scrappy.,2

De Ligt seemed to sustain an injury while making that block a few moments ago, and he has now been replaced by Rugani.,0

RED CARD! Matters are made worse for Samp, as Thorsby receives a second booking after he lunged in on Pjanic. A hefty touch took the ball away from him, and as soon as he made the challenge, the midfielder knew his game was over.,3

GOOOOAALLLL!!! BERNARDESCHI MAKES IT 2-0! Juve are one step closer now, as – after Audero could only parry out Ronaldo’s effort – Bernardeschi slams home on the rebound.,1

GOOOOOAAALLLLL!!! JUVE TAKE THE LEAD! Right on the stroke of half-time, the hosts hit the front through Ronaldo. Pjanic played a short free-kick to the edge of the box, catching Samp’s defence off guard, with Ronaldo on hand to send a brilliant first-time finish into the bottom-right corner.,1

A booking now for Tonelli, who had to pull back Rabiot to prevent the midfielder driving through towards the box.,2

A change for Juve, as Dybala is forced off with what appears to be a quad issue. Higuain is on in his place.,0

Ronaldo is again the target as Cuadrado lifts in a cross, but the Colombia winger gets too much on it. Meanwhile, Samp have made a change, replacing the injured Chabot with Leris.,0

PSG youngster Diaby will get some minutes with his side cruising. Di Maria gets a well-earned rest on the bench.,0

ANOTHER GOAL FOR MBAPPE! Meunier and Neymar both smash the ball goalwards during another PSG attack. Mbappe even tries to set up Neymar before the ball falls kindly to him on the rebound. Plenty of Lyon players were in the way, none could stop him. 5-0... for now.,1

GOOOAAALL! Mbappe has his hat-trick! PSG are deadly on the counter-attack with this much room. The teenager races into acres of space and then smashes it beyond Lopes, one-on-one. 4-0. Can anyone in France get near the league leaders?,1

GOAL! The game's done and dusted for PSG. Marquinhos helps out in attack by playing a one-two with Verratti in the box before neatly assisting Mbappe, who had an open goal to aim at. Two goals for Mbappe, 3-0 to PSG.,1

Unlike some of his team-mates, Morel is punished for a late challenge on Neymar. Lyon's heads are going.,2

GOAL! Scrap that, Mbappe has scored, even if he needed both posts to do it. Neymar is at the heart of it, running into the Lyon box with no one wanting to make contact, and the Frenchman is on hand to slam the ball home with his left foot. 2-0.,1

This has been an ugly game, in all honesty. Tousart brings Mbappe down, who was ready to spring a counter for his side. A second yellow means both sides are down to 10 men.,3

Neymar leaves his studs on Morel, and yet another Lyon player is down on the ground receiving treatment. First Fekir, then NDombele and now a defender to complete the set.,2

Kimpembe originally goes into the book for a lunge on NDombele, but the decision is later changed to a red card. ,3

Tousart earns the first yellow card of the evening due to a high tackle on Verratti inside PSG's half.,2

GOAL! Neymar converts from the spot and it was so calmly done. The Brazilian waits for Lopes to dive to his right and then rolls it into the opposite bottom corner. 1-0 to PSG.,1

Shaw is booked for aggressively bringing Grealish down with a slide tackle just as the away side counter-attacked once more.   ,2

Shaw replaces Williams to help tighten Manchester United's left flank against the threat of Trezeguet.   ,0

ASTON VILLA EQUALISE STRAIGHT AWAY! The away side force a corner fresh from the disappointment of conceding, and while it's initially cleared, Targett clips a second delivery into the box where Mings ghosts in to acrobatically volley beyond De Gea! It was ruled out for an offside at first, but replays reveal that Williams was mistakenly playing everyone onside, and VAR gives the goal! ,1

MANCHESTER UNITED TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! It's another well-worked set-piece! This time the short corner ends up finding its way to Fred, who swings in a devious cross that flicks off a Villa head and through to Lindelof, who nods calmly past Heaton from close range at the back post!! ,1

Williams is booked for cynically tugging Trezeguet's shirt just as Villa made a rare foray forward.   ,2

Guilbert is booked for hauling James over near the corner flag, however the away side just about manage to clear the set-piece.   ,2

Fred is booked after sliding in and tripping Grealish, just as he burst through the centre of the pitch once more.,2

ASTON VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! What a strike! El Ghazi bursts down the right and races past Williams before standing up a cross that drifts towards Grealish just outside the box. Grealish takes it down before cutting inside and beating Pereira and then imaginatively curling a beautiful, spinning effort across goal and into the top corner! De Gea was left motionless!   ,1

Aarons brings an unfair end to Ait Nouri's drive. The Norwich defender becomes the latest player to receive a yellow card.,2

Norwich bring on Sorensen to replace Normann. Their central midfield has struggled with physicality all season.,0

Norwich substitution. Gilmour goes off. He may still be struggling with the knock he took earlier. Rupp replaces him in central midfield.,0

GOAL! WOLVES 1-1 NORWICH CITY! Ait Nouri pops up to equalise for Wolves! Wolves' free-kick causes confusion in the penalty area and the ball pops up for the Frenchman to nod past Gunn!,1

Wolves race out of the traps from the start, tempting Giannoulis into bringing down Hwang down their right. Giannoulis is booked.,2

Wolves make an attacking change at half-time. Their captain Coady goes off. Chiquinho comes on. They're switching to a back four.,0

GOAL! WOLVES 0-1 NORWICH CITY! Pukki gives the Canaries the lead! The Finn latches onto Aarons' throughball to jink into the box on his left foot and slot the ball calmly into the bottom right corner of the net.,1

Villa substitution. The likely matchwinner El Ghazi goes off. Davis comes on for the last few minutes.,0

GOAL! EVERTON 1-2 ASTON VILLA! Everton are heading for another home defeat! The hosts get caught out in transition and Traore finds El Ghazi who takes a touch on the edge of the D and curls a wonderful effort into the far corner.,1

Everton substitution. Bernard replaces the ineffectual Iwobi. The hosts have missed the mercurial Rodriguez.,0

Everton make the game's first substitution. Delph comes on to add more bite to their midfield. Gomes makes way.,0

Douglas Luiz trips Richarlison from behind and concedes a free-kick. The Brazilian's booked for the foul. ,2

GOAL! EVERTON 1-1 ASTON VILLA! This game could be fun. Everton win a corner down their right and Digne swings it in. Calvert-Lewin peels off at the far post and powers a header past Martinez.,1

GOAL! EVERTON 0-1 ASTON VILLA! Villa take the lead after an error from Holgate! Holgate plays himself into trouble and Watkins presses him into giving the ball away. Watkins races after the loose ball and lashes it past Pickford into the bottom left corner.,1

GOAL!!! MBAPPE GIVES PSG HOPE!!! He levelled with a superb strike earlier, and this one might be even better as he gets on the end of Kolo Muani's deep cross. He hits it on the volley, and the ball bounces into the ground before looping over Bulka and in. Nice's lead is cut to 3-2!,1

Having had a hand in all three of his team's goals, Moffi is replaced by Boga. The striker has been absolutely brilliant.,0

GOAL!!! MOFFI MAKES IT 3-1!!! The Nice number nine has been brilliant in this game, and he could have scored the goal that puts the scoreline beyond PSG's reach! He receives the ball on the right and cuts onto his left, shifting to make the space to shoot. His effort is low and accurate, flying into the bottom corner past the despairing Donnarumma. What a shock we are in for at Parc des Princes!,1

Luis Enrique looks to his bench to try and get his side back into the game. His first change sees Ugarte come on for Soler.,0

Bard goes in the book for cynically bringing down Dembele as the former Barcelona man looked to counter.,2

GOAL!!! NICE RESTORE THEIR LEAD!!! After snuffing out a dangerous PSG attack, a sweeping counter-attack sees them fly up the pitch. Moffi shows some neat footwork to beat Pereira, get to the byline and then dig a cross out to the back post, where Laborde is waiting to sidefoot home. The visitors are 2-1 up at Parc des Princes!,1

Thuram receives the first booking of the contest after halting Dembele's mazy run with a mistimed sliding challenge.,2

GOAL!!! MBAPPE ATONES FOR HIS ERROR!!! It is a sublime strike from the superstar forward, as he smashes Hakimi's infield pass towards goal. Bulka gets a hand to the shot, but the power on Mbappe's effort means he can only paw it into the back of the net to make it 1-1!,1

GOAL!!! NICE ARE IN FRONT!!! Mbappe gives the ball away in a terrible position, and though the PSG defence do well to get back and block Todibo's initial shot, Moffi's second effort takes a nick off Hernandez and nestles into the bottom-right corner to make it 1-0 to the visitors! Are we in for a huge shock at Parc des Princes?,1

Bayern's final roll of the dice is an attacking one. Davies, who had one of the better chances to equalise, goes off for a striker in Choupo-Moting.,0

RYERSON SCORES! After soaking up all of that Bayern pressure, Dortmund get a second goal! The visitors move it out to their left, and Sancho holds off Kimmich before laying it off to Adeyemi. He squares it to the edge of the box to Haller, who could have a shot, but instead, he helps it out to Ryerson. It looked like Davies might cut it out, but the right-back wanted it more, and put his laces through the shot, with the power beating Ulreich. 2-0 Dortmund!,1

Dortmund are also making a change. Fullkrug, who has only managed one shot in this game, is replaced by Haller.,0

Bayern are making a triple change here as they continue to search for an equaliser. Musiala, who hasn't been able to extend his run of getting a goal involvement to six consecutive games, goes off for Gnabry.,0

ADEYEMI SCORES! It's lovely play from the visitors in midfield as they knock it around Bayern before working it to Brandt. He spots Adeyemi ahead of him on the edge of the box, and threads it through to him, and the winger hits his low shot across goal and into the bottom corner with Dortmund's first chance of the game. 1-0 Dortmund!,1

Gordon is the latest player to go into the book for hauling Giannoulis to the ground by his shoulders. An easy decision for the referee.,2

Benitez makes a late change now as he hands 18-year-old forward Dobbin his senior debut, replacing Iwobi.,0

Williams wrestles Gordon to the ground as the Everton substitute raced down the right and the Manchester United loanee earns himself a yellow card.,2

Benitez replaces Gray with a central midfielder in Davies as he looks to control the game in the closing stages.,0

Lees-Melou is booked after cynically clipping the heel of Doucoure as the Everton midfielder drove forward on the break.,2

GOAL!!! DOUCOURE DOUBLES EVERTON'S LEAD!!! McLean is caught by Allan in midfield and Gray surges forward with the ball before slipping it into Doucoure, who fires low across the goalkeeper and in from the right side of the box! It's 2-0 to Everton now!,1

Normann is also brought off as a precaution, and he too is replaced by another forward in the form of Tzolis.,0

Farke makes an attacking change as he chases the game now, bringing centre-back Kabak off for an extra forward in Rashica.,0

Digne is the next player to be booked for scything Aarons down at the byline after the Norwich right-back burst past him.,2

Kabak is the first player to go into the book after a clumsy sliding challenge on Rondon. The Norwich defender has been very rash at times this afternoon.,2

GOAL!!! TOWNSEND SCORES!!! The Everton winger steps up and calmly slots his penalty down the middle as Krul dives away to his left! There was a lengthy delay between the incident and the spot-kick, but Townsend was unfazed. It's 1-0 to Everton!,1

Isco is replaced by a left-back in Mendy as Zidane looks to shut up shop for the remainder of the game.,0

Duarte then challenges Casemiro on the edge of the Madrid box and is shown a yellow card. He shakes his head in disbelief.,2

GOAL! REAL MADRID ARE AHEAD AGAIN! Modric's right-wing cross is palmed onto the post by Pacheco and it bounces back across goal where Carvajal pokes it in! It's 2-1 to Real Madrid!,1

GOAL!! PEREZ EQUALISES FOR ALAVES! The striker steps up and coolly dispatches the penalty into the bottom-right corner, sending Areola the wrong way! It's 1-1!,1

Rioja is replaced by Burke on the left before the free-kick is taken, however, as Garitano makes his first change.,0

GOAL! RAMOS GIVES REAL MADRID THE LEAD! Kroos floats a free-kick into the box and the centre-half deftly glances the ball into the bottom-left corner! It's 1-0 to Madrid!,1

Pina catches Carvajal in the face with a stray hand and the right-back is left with a cut on his forehead. Pina is shown the yellow card.,2

Vidal cuts inside Ramos and goes over in the box, appealing for a penalty! However, the referee instead shows him a yellow card for diving! The Alaves players are furious.,2

Both sides are making a change now and it's Palace first, who are bringing on Mateta to replace Benteke.,0

TORRES SCORES! And just like that, it's 2-0! Palace are all over the place at the back and they just can't clear their lines. Torres latched onto the loose ball on the edge of the box and he drills his shot through the crowd and into the far bottom corner.,1

AGUERO SCORES! He just drops back as he waits to get the ball from Mendy and he has time to take a touch before hitting the shot. It's a tight angle at the near post, but he lifts the shot over Guaita and into the back of the net. 1-0 City! ,1

Milivojevic caught Rodri earlier on in City's attack but the referee played an advantage. He goes back to it when play is stopped and shows him the first yellow card of the game.,2

Dunk brings down Jimenez on the charge and goes into the book. Wolves have a free-kick on the edge of the box.,2

LEAO FINALLY BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0 MILAN! It’s a moment to forget for Terracciano, who mishits his kick out of the penalty area, presenting it to Leao on the left flank. The Portugal international slaloms his way back into the 18-yard box before curling an effort over the goalkeeper and in!,1

Martinez Quarta kicks through Hernandez after the ball had already gone out of play for a throw-in. It’s a yellow card for the Fiorentina defender but because it had already gone out of touch the Rossoneri will have to restart with a throw and not a free-kick.,2

Maleh is brought off 57 minutes after his yellow card - with former Milan player Bonaventura sent on to replace him.,0

Messias hasn’t really involved himself in the match and he’ll be taken off just shy of the hour, with former Viola Rebic replacing him.,0

Venuti comes across and shoves Leao to the ground - stopping the forward in his tracks with cynicism. It’s a yellow card for the full-back and a free-kick to Milan late in the half.,2

The referee comes over to show Maleh an early yellow card for an aggressive and ill-advised block on Maignan’s quickly taken drop-kick.,2

Arsenal are making a late change here in an attempt to further run down the clock. Saka is taken off, with Lacazette on for the final seconds.,0

SAKA SCORES! And that should do it for Arsenal! Saka steps up to take the penalty that he won, and it's a good spot-kick from the youngster. He sends Mendy the wrong way and fires his shot into the right of the goal. 4-2 Arsenal!,1

Azpilicueta isn't happy that the penalty has been given, and he's arguing with Saka about it. Arsenal players are pulling him away, and he's been booked for dissent.,2

Final roll of the dice for Chelsea as they look to find a late equaliser. Alonso makes way, with Ziyech on in his place.,0

Arsenal are making their second change now, and it's a defensive one. Smith Rowe goes off, with Soares on to replace him.,0

Arsenal are making their first change now, and Nketiah won't have the chance to go for his hat-trick. He's taken off and replaced by Martinelli.,0

Chelsea are making their second change in response to going behind. Lukaku, who's struggled to get into this game, goes off for Havertz.,0

NKETIAH SCORES AGAIN! It's a poor pass from Azpilicueta as he plays it behind James and Tavares drives down the left. He squares it to Nketiah, who takes a heavy first touch to gift it to Sarr. It bounces back to him off the defender though and he slots it into the bottom corner. 3-2 Arsenal!,1

AZPILICUETA EQUALISES! Chelsea persisted down their left side and Mount took it off Werner to swing a good cross onto the edge of the six-yard box. None of the Arsenal defenders spotted Azpilicueta's run and he slips in behind to tap it past Ramsdale. 2-2!,1

SMITH ROWE SCORES! After playing themselves out of trouble in their own box again, Arsenal break on the counter. Xhaka nutmegs Alonso before driving forward, and it's worked out to the right. Odegaard squares it into the D for Smith Rowe, who's running onto it and his low shot nestles in the bottom corner. 2-1 Arsenal!,1

WERNER EQUALISES! Loftus-Cheek is in quickly to nick the ball off Nketiah, and he slides it through to Werner down the left. He cuts inside before taking a shot, that looks like it's heading wide until it takes a deflection off White. That wrongfoots Ramsdale, and it rolls in at the near post. 1-1!,1

NKETIAH SCORES! Tavares gets Arsenal upfield with a long pass, but it's a horrible mistake from Christensen as he mishits it back to Mendy. Nketiah was just behind him and latches onto the loose ball, skipping past the challenge from Sarr, before coolly slotting it past the outrushing Mendy. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

Radonjic's first involvement is to pick up a yellow card after clipping Hernandez. What an introduction!,2

A double substitution for Torino sees Djidji drop to the bench, with Gravillon the one to replace him.,0

A clumsy challenge earns Buongiorno a yellow card, and he will need to be careful for the rest of tonight's match.,2

Kjaer is also now in the referee's book after he obstructed Singo, who had tried to launch a counter-attack for Torino.,2

The first yellow card of the match is handed to Gineitis after a strong challenge on Saelemaekers in the middle of the park.,2

Sent off! Ugarte receives a second yellow after a very reckless sliding challenge on Saka in midfield. That was a really poor tackle.,3

GOAL!!! Incredible!!! What a strike to put Sporting level! Arsenal sloppily give the ball away in midfield, and Pote spots Ramsdale off his line. He decides to go for the spectacular from just inside the Gunners' half, and his ambitious effort is brilliant to beat the scrambling Ramsdale and dip under the crossbar to make it 1-1!,1

GOAL!!! Xhaka gives Arsenal the lead! Martinelli is played in, but Adan makes a great stop to deny his low effort. However, Xhaka is there waiting to tuck away the rebound first-time and put the Gunners 1-0 up and 3-2 ahead on aggregate!,1

GOAL! RASHFORD MAKES IT 3-0! Rashford uses his pace to sprint clear of the Tottenham defence after Matic slides the ball through to the striker, who then only had Lloris to beat. Rashford picked his spot and placed the ball in the bottom right corner of the net, out of the reach of Lloris. It looks like Davies played the striker onside.,1

Another United change, with Fernandes replaced by Matic, who will sit deep in midfield alongside Fred and McTominay.,0

Fred is booked after he trips up Alli and Bergwijn in the middle of the pitch, stopping Spurs from breaking forward on the counter.,2

Third and final Tottenham change, with Lo Celso heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Alli.,0

Tottenham make their second substitution of the game, with Skipp the man coming off and he has been replaced by Ndombele.,0

GOAL! UNITED DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Cavani makes it 2-0! Fernandes nicks the ball off Skipp in midfield and United counter quickly, with Ronaldo spotting the run of Cavani in behind, who stays onside as Dier is slow to react. The striker then only has Lloris to beat and he coolly chips it over the keeper and into the back of the net.,1

Tottenham make their first change of the game, with Lucas heading off, much to the disappointment of the Spurs supporters, who make their voices heard. Bergwijn is the man coming on.,0

GOAL! UNITED TAKE THE LEAD! Fernandes receives the ball off Shaw down the left wing and he whips a cross into the penalty area, finding Ronaldo at the far post and he produces a superb volley, firing it into the bottom left corner of the net. Lovely cross and finish to send United 1-0 ahead!,1

Maguire and Varane both go to challenge Lo Celso right on the edge of the box and neither get anywhere near the ball and end up tripping the Spurs man up. Free-kick to Tottenham in a very good shooting position and Maguire is booked.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Shaw, after he rugby tackles Lucas to the ground after the United left-back lost possession and tried to stop Lucas from breaking forward.,2

GOALL!!!! 1-0 MCTOMINAY!!!! Man United find a goal in the 93rd minute to break Omonia hearts! Sancho’s initial shot is deflected into the path of McTominay, who takes his time before firing past Uzoho from eight yards out.,1

Tagliafico sees yellow for trying to wrestle the ball out of Neuer's arms to get the match restarted, and he's not happy about it. He has to keep his emotions in check or he could be the latest to be sent off.,2

IT'S GAME ON AGAIN! Ajax are back on level terms and they have two minutes left to find a winner! Ziyech's deflected effort falls for Huntelaar, who squares for Tagliafico, but Sule slides in and knocks the ball into his own net!,1

BAYERN WIN IT NOW, SURELY! Another sloppy pass out from the back gifts Bayern possession as Thiago picks out Coman, who picks out the far corner! Bayern are going through as winners of Group E now, barring an incredibly late comeback from Ajax.,1

Ajax bring on yet another striker with their second change as the vastly experienced Huntelaar replaces Neres.,0

BAYERN BACK TOP OF GROUP E! Lewandowski stutters in his run up and that helps him send Onana the wrong way, rolling a perfect spot-kick just inside the post! Bayern are back on level terms and it's Ajax who need yet another response!,1

SENSATIONAL PENALTY! AJAX LEAD FROM BEHIND! 2-1! The hosts have completely turned this match around on the back of a remarkable showing in the second half. Tadic rifles his penalty into the top corner as Neuer didn't even move! Even if he guessed right he wasn't stopping that!,1

At long last Ajax bring on a true striker as Dolberg comes on to replace Van de Beek. The hosts are gearing up for the final push now.,0

THE PLAYING FIELD IS LEVEL! It was accidental by Muller, but horribly dangerous nonetheless as he gets a boot up into the head of Tagliafico, who has been cut open in the process! Muller can't be putting himself in that position. He sees red and hands Ajax a huge lifeline in the process!,3

A second substitution of the match for Bayern sees Coman come on to replace Ribery in a straight swap on the left flank.,0

AJAX DOWN TO 10 MEN! Well that really puts a dent in their plans! It's sloppy, late and reckless from Wober who thought he could break up a counter but arrives late and dangerously hacks Goretzka to ground. It's a straight red and Ajax have a tough task ahead of them now.,3

Blind sees yellow for dissent following a Tagliafico foul that he did not see eye to eye with the referee on.,2

Bayern are forced into a change to try and shore up the midfield as Thiago comes on to replace Gnabry.,0

AJAX HAVE THEIR EQUALISER! 1-1! Simply stunning from Ajax following a string of one-touch passes! De Jong picks out Ziyech, who plays a stunning first-time ball over the top for Van de Beek who fizzes a delivery across the face of goal for Tadic to turn into the empty net!,1

De Ligt stomps on the foot of Muller in an attempt to win the ball back, and that will see him into the book. There wasn't any intent or malice in that, but he certainly caught him.,2

Very cynical, that, from Rafinha. The right-back sees yellow for a late slide to take down Neres and prevent Ajax from breaking quickly.,2

Kimmich is likely not too pleased with himself for that miss, but he takes it out on the referee claiming he should have won a corner, and he goes into the book for dissent.,2

BAYERN HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Ajax are caught ball watching in defence as Lewandowski runs across into acres of space where he's picked up by Gnabry, and the striker is never going to miss a chance like that as he beats Onana from 12 yards. Bayern take a big step towards winning the group!,1

There's a double change for Chelsea in defence here, with Alonso the first to go off. Chilwell comes on in his place for his first appearance of the season.,0

There's a double change for Zenit here and Malcom is the first to make way, with Dzyuba on in his place. ,0

LUKAKU SCORES! It's a great ball over the top from Azpilicueta and Lukaku just peels off the back of Chistyakov on the penalty spot. He glances it on with a clinical header at the far post and Kritsyuk can't get across to stop it from going in. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

Chelsea are making the first change of the game just before the free-kick is taken. It's Ziyech that's going off, with Havertz on to replace him.,0

Mount flicks the ball past Rakitskiy before turning the defender, who sticks out a leg to trip him. He gives away a free-kick in a dangerous position and earns a yellow card.,2

Azpilicueta gets caught wrong side of Azmoun and throws out an arm to try and shield him from the ball. He catches him in the face and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Hughes looks to break down the right wing - and Matic carelessly barges into him to cut off his run. It's a second yellow for the United man - and therefore a red. The visitors will play out the final minute or so with 10 men.,3

Valencia picks up a booking as the game enters the final 10 minutes for an intentional handball in open play.,2

Matic is shown a yellow card by referee Dean, but only after it had initially appeared to be branded at Deeney.,2

GRAY PULLS ONE BACK FOR WATFORD! 2-1! A strong spell for the Hornets pays off with a lovely finish from the striker, as he races into the box to meet Doucoure's shaped cut-back pass and thrash it into the top-right corner. United have held firm for so long today but now find themselves with a tenuous lead.,1

SMALLING MAKES IT TWO IN THREE MINUTES! 2-0 TO UNITED! A finish from heaven at Vicarage Road as a Young corner is delivered to Fellaini who knocks down for his team-mate to turn in with a beautiful half-volley on a dime. Wonderful stuff.,1

Holebas is convinced that Lukaku was offside as he nudged that ball in, accosting the referee who books him for dissent.,2

LUKAKU GIVES UNITED THE LEAD! 1-0! It all comes from the free-kick 40 yards out that Young floats out wide to Fellaini on the right of the box. The Belgian's square cross back into the box deflects out wide to the left where Young lashes it back in again towards the right post - and Lukaku pops up to bundle it in. The visitors have their noses in front.,1

Capoue brings down Lingard as the United man threatens to break free and referee Mike Dean books the Watford man for his cynical foul.,2

Mejbri receives a yellow card for a foul on Zaha, and then a bit of a tussle as they both lifted themselves off the turf.,2

Hughes is the first player to go in referee Martin Atkinson's book, after cynically bringing down Fred in midfield.,2

Palace take the lead!!! Zaha outmuscles Dalot and then cuts onto his right foot inside the area. He fires a low shot into the bottom left corner past De Gea and makes it 1-0 against his former team.,1

Double Southampton change coming up now, with Djenepo the first to come off and he has been replaced by Perraud.,0

Southampton make their first substitution, with Elyounoussi the man coming off and he has been replaced by Stuart Armstrong.,0

GOAL! UNITED TAKE THE LEAD! It’s a lovely move by the visitors, which is superbly finished off by Fernandes. It involves lots of quick one touch passes in the final third, before Dalot whips a low cross towards Fernandes on the edge of the penalty area and he volleys the ball first-time into the bottom left corner of the net. They lead 1-0!,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Dalot after he stops Djenepo after the full-back skipped past him.,2

Paredes replaces the yellow carded Gueye as PSG look to hold their lead with nine minutes remaining. ,0

Pochettino opts for more stability in the midfield as Di Maria is also brought off - giving Herrera a chance to play. ,0

Gueye is now shown a yellow card as the match begins to get scrappy. The former PSG midfielder's late challenge to win the ball catches the Monaco player on the ankle - bringing him to the ground in a heap. ,2

Martins is shown a yellow card for interfering with Donnarumma during the goalkeeper’s diving parry. The winger had charged through into the penalty area and launched himself towards the ball - catching the Italy international instead. ,2

Maripan steps across and catches the ankle of Messi - sending him to the ground. It’s a free-kick in shooting range for PSG while the Monaco defender receives a yellow card.,2

Confirmation of the enforced change as Bernat heads right down the tunnel to receive further treatment in the physio's room. Kehrer is chosen to replace him at full-back. ,0

PSG GET A SECOND JUST BEFORE HALF-TIME! Messi plays creator - intercepting a sloppy pass in midfield before driving towards goal, drawing two defenders towards him in the process. The Argentina international looks left and slips a pass through for Mbappe, who cuts inside on his right and dispatches a curling effort that sneaks into the far corner! 2-0!,1

Mbappe is now shown a yellow card for charging through the back of Diop after the France international lost possession in midfield. It’s a rash and frustrated tackle - worthy of a booking.,2

Fofana comes across and pulls Mbappe down during a counter-attack after the forward won possession inside his own area. It’s a cynical challenge and the referee immediately pulls out the yellow card for the Monaco midfielder.,2

MBAPPE MAKES NO MISTAKE! The France international steps up to the penalty spot and dispatches his effort low to the left corner - beating the goalkeeper easily! 1-0!,1

The referee goes over to the touchline and has a second look at the incident. After review he shows a yellow card to Sidibe and awards PSG a penalty! ,2

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! VALENCIA 2-1 MADRID! Has this come a little too late to mean anything? Benzema peels away from Kondogbia and Gaya to guide Modric's corner into the back of the net from five yards.,1

Gameiro is replaced by Mina for the closing stages, eating up some more seconds. The hosts have five minutes of normal time to see through.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! VALENCIA 2-0 MADRID! Garay's powerful header from a corner kills off the contest as Valencia open up a two-goal lead! The former Madrid defender gets above Casemiro and sends the ball flying past Navas, who can barely react in time.,1

This is a poor call from the referee. Parejo almost appears to pull out of the challenge with Vazquez but his momentum carries him into his opponent, catching Vazquez with his knees. A talking to would have sufficed.,2

Zidane has seen enough. The Frenchman makes a double change, bringing on Bale for Asensio in the first of those subs.,0

On comes Isco for Kroos in the second of those changes. The two players making way can have few complaints.,0

Odriozola's cross is poor - again - and he catches the boot of Guedes to prevent the Valencia winger from countering. The referee reaches into his pocket for the second time today.,2

GOOOOOOOAAALLL!!! VALENCIA 1-0 MADRID! Guedes opens the scoring for Valencia with an impressive finish from just inside the box. Ramos backs off the winger and, with very little backlift, he places the ball into the bottom right of Navas' goal. The Madrid keeper got across but could not keep it out.,1

Madrid turn over possession and Asensio is on the charge. Wass clips the feet of his opponent to halt the attack and earn himself an early caution.,2

GOALLLLL! NKETIAH SCORES! 2-1 ARSENAL! Marquinhos’ cross from the right is met by the striker, who heads the ball into the ground past Brecher.,1

GOAAALLL! KRYEZIU SCORES! 1-1! Kryeziu makes no mistake with the penalty, rolling the ball into the bottom left corner with Turner diving the other way.,1

Yellow card for Kryeziu for a tackle on Marquinhos. Arsenal have a free-kick in a dangerous crossing position.,2

GOAAAAL! MARQUINHOS SCORES! 1-0 ARSENAL! Nketiah bursts down the left, putting a perfect cross into the feet of Marquinhos who directs the ball into the top corner from close range.,1

Inzaghi switches things up on the right, too, as Dumfries is withdrawn for Darmian to have a brief run-out.,0

In a forgettable match, a memorable moment for Gosens - he makes his Inter debut in place of Perisic on the left flank.,0

After putting a solid but ultimately fruitless shift, Dzeko makes way for Correa, who completes his return from an injury layoff.,0

Having pipped Diaz to selection for the starting XI, Krunic is now brought off for the Spanish playmaker.,0

Milan respond with a triple change of their own. First, Leao treks to the bench and will be replaced by Rebic in the Rossoneri's front three.,0

Inzaghi has seen enough of this insipid Inter performance, so the virtually invisible makes way for Sanchez up front.,0

Inter's second change sees Barella substituted following a below-par display, and the experienced Vidal is brought on in his place.,0

Contesting a loose ball with Maignan, who had come flying out of his goal, Martinez slids into the goalkeeper quite recklessly and is shown a yellow card.,2

As Brozovic simply can't live with the formidable pace of Leao, he gives up hope of catching the Milan forward and hauls him back by the shirt - that's the game's first yellow card.,2

Having sustained a muscular injury clearing the ball away from the goal line, Romagnoli is forced off and Kalulu will come on to join Tomori in central defence.,0

Simeone makes another change as the game draws to a close, with Correa coming off for Sanabria for the final few minutes of normal time.,0

GOAL!!! IT'S 3-0 TO ATLETICO NOW! Torreira pings a lovely diagonal to the back post where Vrsaljko ghosts in unmarked to side-foot a volley across the keeper and into the bottom-left corner! The substitute right-back left his marker completely static and came up with a tidy finish.,1

Sanchez, having had a dream debut, is now coming off for Vrsaljko in a like-for-like swap at right-back.,0

Simeone now makes his first changes of the night. Saponjic comes on to replace Vitolo in Atletico's first substitution.,0

Fernandez is also off, with Calvo taking his place as Tomas looks to throw fresh legs on in the wide areas.,0

Sanchez now has a yellow card to go with his goal and assist as he puts in a poor challenge on Hernandez out wide.,2

Fernandez goes into the referee's book for catching Lodi on the top of the ankle with his studs. He was nowhere near the ball.,2

There's a half-time change for Cardassar as Soler is off for Llull. Perhaps the left-back is still feeling the after-effects of that knock.,0

GOAL!! ATLETICO DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! It's an absolute stunner from Sanchez! He charges down the right and cuts inside before curling a beauty of a shot into the top-left corner from the edge of the box! He's now scored and assisted on his debut from right-back!,1

Saul is booked for a foul on Cardassar left-back, Soler, who has stayed down in the aftermath of the challenge and is being seen to by the medical team.,2

GOAL!!! ATLETICO TAKE THE LEAD! Lemar cuts in from the left and hits a low shot back towards the near post with his right from the edge of the box, just as he did for his earlier effort, but this time it's unstoppable and flies in off the inside of the post! It's a fantastic strike and Atletico are 1-0 up!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! MESSI! It's 4-0 and Barca's main man has his goal! This is what the leaders have been missing: the link-up between Suarez and Messi. The former feeds the latter, who jinks right and shoots high past Reina. This is harsh on Mallorca.,1

YELLOW: Rodriguez collects a yellow card for a rather pointless lunge. He attempts to clip Rakitic's heels, fails to slow the midfielder and still gets a card which sees him suspended for Mallorca's next match.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! ALBA! That should be that! 3-0 Barca! As in the first half, the visitors come flying out of the traps after the water break. Alba stays just onside to run clear and send Reina the wrong way with a cool finish.,1

YELLOW: Alba goes into the book as he checks Pozo's run on the overlap as Mallorca attempt to get forward.,2

SUB: Barca make two more changes. Semedo is on for Roberto at right-back. The substitute missed training earlier this week.,0

SUB: A big boost for Barca as Suarez returns to action for the first time since knee surgery in January. He replaces Griezmann, who has endured another slightly underwhelming outing.,0

SUB: Barca also make a change, with goalscorer Vidal - who was booked in the first half - making way for Rakitic.,0

YELLOW: Vidal is the first man into the book for a poor late lunge on Rodriguez. The Mallorca man stays down as his team-mates attack, before the play is called back for the card.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! BRAITHWAITE! It's 2-0 to Barca! After a strong spell from Mallorca, Barca regain control and keep the pressure on. The hosts' failure to clear the ball in the box leads to a scrap in which De Jong towers over a defender to nod the ball on, and it falls Braithwaite's way after a touch from Messi. The Dane thumps high into the net.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! VIDAL! What a start! The midfielder powers a header low past Reina to break the deadlock in just 65 seconds. 1-0 Barca!,1

WHAT A FINISH BY GNABRY!!!! 7-0 BAYERN!!!!!! The visitors continue to pour on the agony for Bochum as Gnabry blasts a low strike into the back of the net. Gnabry is played into space down the inside-right channel by Vidovic and he has enough time and space to rifle a shot across Riemann and into the back of the net with the aid of the left post.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MANE DISPATCHES HIS PENALTY!!!!!! 5-0 BAYERN!!!! Mane notches his second of the game with a cool penalty. He fires low and hard on his right foot and finds the bottom-left corner, sending Riemann the wrong way.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MANE SCORES THIS TIME!!!!! 4-0 BAYERN!!!! Bochum are all over the place as Mane gets on the scoresheet with a clinical finish. Coman releases Mane through on goal down the inside-right channel. He cuts back to open up room for a left-footed strike and he finds the bottom-right corner with deadly precision.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! COMAN MAKES IT THREE!!!! Bayern are in complete control now as Coman is on the spot to score on the rebound. Gamboa gets a header back to Riemann all wrong and Muller pounces to steer a strike towards goal. Riemann makes an excellent stop, but the ball falls kindly for Coman to react and fire low into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DE LIGT HEADS HOME!!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!!!!!! De Ligt nods in his first Bayern goal following a mistake by Riemann. The Bochum keeper attempts to punch a deep corner to the back post from Kimmich away from danger, but he fails to connect. De Ligt rises behind him and heads into an empty net to register his first Bayern goal.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!! SANE SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!!! Sane wraps his boot around a right-footed strike and finds the top-right corner with a stunner. The winger combines with Coman on the edge of the Bochum box and is afforded space and time to fire past Riemann. A super start for the visitors.,1

It's 3-0!!! Son makes it three just one minute into the second half, after a tackle in the box on Kane ends up prodding the ball out to Son. He takes it first time, and calmly finishes into the far corner to surely put this game beyond the visitors.,1

Kane makes it 2-0!!! A Son corner is nodded on towards the back post by Bentancur, where Kane is waiting. The striker comes sliding in, and heads it into the bottom corner to send the home fans into raptures.,1

Holding is sent off!!! Arsenal are down to 10 men after the centre-back receives his second booking for pushing over Son, as the Korean looked to latch onto a long Dier through ball.,3

Kane makes no mistake!!! The Englishman steps up, and sends Ramsdale the wrong way as he strokes it into the bottom right corner to make it 1-0 from the spot. It's first blood to the hosts.,1

Davies is booked for cynically clipping the heels of Saka, after the English winger had caught him in possession.,2

MAKE THAT FOUR - EMPOLI 1-3 MILAN - A deadly counter-attack from Milan puts the game to bed, and this incredible game will go the way of Pioli's side. Empoli committed too many players forward, allowing Rebic to pick out Leao. He did the rest, bursting forward before chipping Vicario in the Empoli goal.,1

INCREDIBLE - EMPOLI 1-2 MILAN - The home fans fall silent as Ballo-Toure taps home at the back post to restore Milan's one-goal lead. Empoli fell asleep at the back, allowing Krunic a free header from inside the box. His flick-on looped towards Ballo-Toure, who stayed composed to score. Absolutely fantastic finish to this match.,1

WOWWWWWWW - EMPOLI 1-1 MILAN - It's a case of third time lucky for Bajrami as he finds the top corner with a delicious free-kick to punish Milan at the death. Bennacer's foul proved costly, with Tatarusanu unable to stop that effort. It was inch-perfect from outside the box, and Empoli look to have stolen a point!,1

Bennacer is the latest Milan player to be booked after stopping an Empoli attack on the edge of his own box.,2

GOAAALLL - EMPOLI 0-1 MILAN - Breakthrough for the champions as Rebic taps home to give Pioli's side the lead. While the striker did what Giroud could not, Leao did everything in the build-up. The Milan forward barged his way into the box before teeing up Rebic, who could not miss from eight yards out.,1

De Ketelaere is also making his way back to the bench, with Díaz getting less than 20 minutes to impress.,0

Kjaer will head down the tunnel for treatment, allowing Dest to take his place at the heart of defence.,0

Grassi has been unable to shake off his injury and Marin replaces him with minutes to go in the first half.,0

Kjaer is the first man to be carded tonight after a clumsy challenge on Parisi near the touchline. Empoli will have a free-kick in a decent position...,2

OZDOYEV MAKES IT 2-0!!! Zenit have breathing space with six minutes remaining! A cross from the right is cushioned into the path of Ozdoyev, whose shot takes a huge deflection off Marcelo before beating a helpless Lopes.,1

Cornet is unable to continue following the strong challenge from Ozdoyev and is replaced by 16-year-old Rayan Cherki.,0

Barrios has his name taken for bringing down Reine-Adelaide, who was threatening to counter for Lyon.,2

Unhappy at a decision not going his way, Dubois talks himself into a booking. Lyon need to be mindful of their discipline here.,2

Marcal is shown a yellow card for protesting after he felt there was an infringement leading up to the goal.,2

DZYUBA!!!!!! 1-0 TO ZENIT! The hosts lead at the Gazprom Arena and it has come courtesy of their talisman. Dzyuba climbs brilliantly to meet Douglas' corner and power his header beyond the helpless dive of Lopes.,1

Kuzyaev is shown the first yellow card of the game for a late challenge on Marcal. He will now miss Zenit's final group game.,2

GOAL! FULHAM 0-3 BRENTFORD! Mbeumo grabs his second goal of the game, converting Ajer's cross from the byline with a simple tap-in. It's been a great showing by Brentford.,1

Palhinha kicks the ball away after snapping into a tackle. He becomes the latest Fulham player to get booked.,2

Fulham react to their parlous situation by making a triple substitution. Pereira's first to go off. Willian replaces him.,0

GOAL! FULHAM 0-2 BRENTFORD! Mbeumo takes a short run-up and cheekily dispatches the penalty into the bottom left corner, leaving Leno rooted to the spot. The three points look to be going the Bees' way.,1

RED CARD FOR FULHAM! Things go from bad to worse for Fulham. Ream's foul was his second bookable offence of the game, so he has to go! This game is slipping away from the hosts.,3

Henry's shown the yellow card for time wasting. That's part of the new directive referees have been given.,2

GOAL! FULHAM 0-1 BRENTFORD! Wissa capitalises on a foolish mistake from Fulham! Diop mishits a backpass to Leno, allowing the DR Congo forward to nip in, round the keeper and slot into the empty net.,1

Rashford gives the ball away and then slides in hard on Mount. The forward goes into the book for his challenge.,2

Shaw pulls back James on the charge down the right flank. He goes into the book, while Chelsea have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Pique is trying to walk the long way off in an attempt to time waste, but the referee is having none of it. Lenglet replaces him.,0

Babel's okay after treatment, but that block will be his last involvement in the game. He goes off for Dervisoglu.,0

Dest limps off holding his hamstring after receiving treatment, and Araujo is brought on to replace him.,0

AUBAMEYANG SCORES! It's a perfect start to the second half for the visitors! Alba's cross is cleared as far as Busquets on the edge of the box, and his low shot is saved by Pena's foot. The rebound falls to Aubameyang, whose header is also parried by the keeper. De Jong meets that though and nods it back to Aubameyang, who puts it into the empty net. 2-1 Barca!,1

Garcia is slower to get back up, and it's because he knows a yellow card is awaiting him. He overran the ball and caught Marcao with his studs when he stretched to try and make up for the mistake.,2

PEDRI EQUALISES! It's a lovely goal from Barcelona! Torres plays a one-two with De Jong on the edge of the box before playing a wonderful reverse pass into Pedri at the near post, which catches out the Galatasaray defenders. He takes it around Boey and skips past Nelsson before coolly slotting it past Pena. 1-1!,1

Marcao kicked the corner flag during his celebration, and while he's fixing the damage he caused, the referee books him for the excessive celebration.,2

MARCAO SCORES! It's a great corner from Cicaldau, with a great finish from the captain! It's pulled back towards the penalty spot and Marcao dives from behind Torres to get his head to the ball. He wanted it more and his effort nestles into the back of the net. 1-0 Galatasaray!,1

Barcelona thought they should've had a free-kick when Traore went down, but Galatasaray played on. Cicaldau was breaking through the middle when Busquets kicked out a leg to stop him, and he's shown the first yellow card.,2

Inter make their final changes now: first, Dimarco is replaced by January signing Buchanan at wing-back.,0

4-0! Inter finally prosper from a set-piece, as De Vrij powers in a header from Dimarco's right-sided corner! The Dutch defender rises highest in the centre of Lecce's box, then beats Falcone with a guided finish into the top-left corner! The non-stop Nerazzurri are cruising now: Lecce have got no gas left in the tank!,1

With the points secure, Inzaghi replaces his star striker. Arnautovic comes on for Martinez, who will not complete his hat-trick today.,0

Clearly attempting to halt Lecce's counter-attack, Mkhitaryan clips Gendrey. The replacement referee produces his first yellow card since taking over at half-time.,2

D'Aversa responds to his team's setback by making a triple substiution: first, Sansone is replaced by Banda.,0

EL TORO FINISHES IT! Frattesi now turns provider, as he streaks clear on the right before driving a low ball across Lecce's box for Martinez to convert! Inter's captain arrives at speed and applies a sliding finish that surely ends this game as a contest: 3-0! This is now Martinez's most prolific Serie A season - and we're only in February!,1

INTER LEAD 2-0! Having drifted to the right byline, Sanchez produces a precise cutback to Frattesi, who makes a short sprint into the six-yard box and guides the ball into a gaping net from close range! Falcone was covering his near post, but the ball was past him before he could react! That puts the Nerazzurri in total control, so surely they'll re-establish their nine-point lead at the top of Serie A!,1

Despite his protests, Asllani clearly caught Rafia with a mistimed challenge, and the referee wastes no time in issuing a yellow card to the Inter midfielder.,2

LAUTARO GIVES INTER THE LEAD! With his 100th Serie A strike, Inter's main man puts the league leaders in front! After Asllani plays a perfect pass with the outside of his boot, Martinez slips past Touba with ease and then stretches to guide the ball into the bottom-left corner! Falcone had no chance, and it's already 1-0 to the Nerazzurri!,1

As Bisseck charges up from the back, Sansone reacts by tugging the Inter defender's shirt and is shown an early yellow card.,2

Tete is booked after bringing down Harrison in a promising position. There'll be four minutes added onto the end of this game.,2

Mitrovic talks his way into the referee's book after he shares too much of his thoughts about that foul that went Leeds' way.,2

GOAL! 4-3 FULHAM! Is Fulham's comeback on?! Now Mitrovic grabs his second of the game. It's a towering header from the Serbian as he meets Tete's great cross from the right.,1

GOAL! 4-2 FULHAM! Fulham are down but aren't quite out yet. This is great fun. Anguissa finds Reid and the substitute slots home from the centre of the box.,1

Fulham finally make those changes but they've got plenty to do now. Kamara makes way for the French winger Kebano first.,0

GOAL! 4-1 LEEDS! Bamford skips down the left as Hector misses a header near the halfway line. Bamford pulls the ball back for Costa who sends it into the roof of the net. It's Costa's second of the game!,1

GOAL! 3-1 LEEDS! Bamford grabs his second goal in two games! He's having a great start to the season. Klich slides Bamford through, he opens his body up and rolls the ball past Areola into the bottom right corner.,1

Leeds make a half-time substitution. The quiet Rodrigo is replaced by the Welsh striker Roberts. Bielsa's gonna Bielsa.,0

GOAL! 2-1 LEEDS! Klich sends Areola the wrong way to put Leeds back into the lead! That was a composed finish from the Polish midfielder.,1

GOAL! 1-1 FULHAM! Meslier dives the right way but can't stop Mitrovic from slamming the ball into the bottom left corner. Leeds will be disappointed with that silly challenge from Koch. Fulham had accomplished little before that.,1

GOAL! 1-0 LEEDS! Pick that one out! Costa is left totally unmarked at the back post. When the corner lands to him, the Portuguese winger takes a touch and smashes it in via the crossbar. Fulham will be disappointed to concede so early.,1

Like Benzema, Asensio goes off to a standing ovation from the home crowd and Vazquez comes on to replace him for the last couple of minutes.,0

Carvajal's frustration gets the better of him as Yuri bursts past him again, and he just kicks out a leg to take him out. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2

That goal is Benzema's last involvement. He takes his time leaving the pitch as he claps the fans and he goes off to a standing ovation. Modric is on in his place.,0

BENZEMA EQUALISES! He has a goal in his final appearance for Madrid! It's as cool as you like from the Frenchman as he fires the penalty straight down the middle. Simon is already diving to his right and can only watch as it hits the back of the net. 1-1!,1

Yuri caught Militao in the face with his arm as he jumped to bring down the ball. He can't believe the spot-kick has gone against him, and his frustration only grows as he's shown a yellow card.,2

There's a double change for Athletic here. Nico Williams is the first to go off, with Berenguer coming on in his place.,0

There's a double change for Madrid here. Ceballos is the first to make way, with Asensio coming on to make his final appearance for the club.,0

Ceballos is late getting across to Herrera and crashes into him. He gets nowhere near the ball and is shown the first booking of the game.,2

SANCET SCORES! It's sloppy from Celballos as he loses the ball when tracking back towards his own goal. Herrera manages to slide it through to Sancet who sees his first shot well saved by Courtois, but he reacts quickly to latch onto it again, and he fires this one into the roof of the net. 1-0 Athletic!,1

LUCAS!!! 2-1! Hope for Tottenham as the Brazilian meets Bale's corner at the near post to place a wonderful header past the helpless Fabianski.,1

LINGARD!!! WHAT A STRIKE! 2-0 WEST HAM! What a start to the second half by the Hammers! Receiving the return ball from Fornals, Lingard bursts into the area before firing across Lloris and into the far corner. Originally denied by the offside flag, VAR eventually rules that the goal is legitimate and the hosts have breathing space.,1

Tottenham make a double-change at the break. The first sees Gareth Bale introduced in favour of Lamela.,0

Reguilon is booked for a trip on Bowen. It looked a little harsh and it is fair to say that the Spurs left-back is not happy.,2

ANTONIO!!! 1-0 WEST HAM! The Hammers lead after just five minutes! Bowen whips in a delicious ball from the right that is met by Antonio, whose volley is kept out by Lloris. But the Tottenham keeper is powerless as the West Ham forward tucks in the rebound.,1

Pozo and Arribas were both going for the ball but there was a lot of force behind the right-back's challenge and he's shown a late yellow card.,2

There's a double change for Eibar now and Leon is the first to make way, with Rodrigues on in his place.,0

BENZEMA SCORES! Vinicius' run down the left drew some of the Eibar defenders to him which opened up the space in the middle. Benzema had a free header in the middle and nodded the substitute's cross past Dmitrovic and into the back of the net. 2-0 Madrid! ,1

Eibar are making a change now as well and it's Garcia that's being taken off, with Enrich on for him.,0

There's a double change for Madrid now and it's Modric that's making way first, with Kroos on in his place.,0

ASENSIO SCORES! The Eibar defenders just sit back when he gets the ball off Casemiro and he has time to carry it into the box before taking a shot. Dmitrovic rushes off his line, but the forward lifts his effort over the goalkeeper to pick out the bottom corner and this one will count. 1-0 Madrid!,1

Gil tried to nick the ball off Vazquez and then pulled him back. He's shown the first yellow card of the game and he'll miss the next match against Levante.,2

Genoa decide to make a substitution. The former Inter man Pandev makes way for the Inter loanee striker Pinamonti.,0

GOAL! MILAN 1-2 GENOA! Milan are back in this! Castillejo's corner lands to Bonaventura on the right of the box who shoots. Bonaventura's shot bounces up nicely for Ibrahimovic just outside the six yard box, and the Swede swivels and smashes it past Perin!,1

GOAL! MILAN 0-2 GENOA! Genoa double their lead! Sarabia passes out wide to Biraschi. Biraschi whips in a low cross from the right and Schone back-heels it towards Cassata who taps it in! ,1

GOAL! MILAN 0-1 GENOA! Sanabria skips into the box from the right and cuts back for Pandev, who makes no mistake from a few yards out! First blood to Genoa.,1

Tierney gives away a free-kick on Neto, killing Arsenal's momentum. Wolves take their time over it and punt it towards the corner flag where Dendoncker tries to hold it up, fouling Gabriel in the process.,2

Coady is next to receive a yellow card for crudely stopping the run of Lacazette. Arsenal achieve nothing with the free-kick.,2

Arsenal make an attacking substitution. Lacazette, their leading goalscorer with three goals this season, goes up front. The Frenchman comes on for Xhaka.,0

Odd one, this. The substitute Silva, Jimenez's replacement in the first half, is replaced by Kilman. Wolves have changed to a 3-5-2 with Traore and Neto up front.,0

Here's that expected Wolves change. Neves comes on for Podence. Wolves may switch to their more familiar 3-4-3 now.,0

Bellerin gets a yellow card for tugging back Neto after he'd been beaten by the touchline. It's fair enough.,2

Arsenal make a substitution. Nelson comes on for Willian. Arsenal need more pace to beat this Wolves backline. Aubamayang has been very quiet.,0

Silva catches Saka with a slightly wild high foot and gets booked. Arsenal have a free-kick in a centre-left position 20 yards out.,2

Gabriel is fine now as he pulls out of making a challenge on Traore skipping into the box. Traore flops over and gets a deserved yellow card for simulation.,2

Boly picks up a yellow card for bundling Willock over about 30 yards out. Saka floats a poor free-kick in and Boly heads clear, getting whacked in the face by Holding in the process. Arsenal free-kick.,2

Arsenal make a change at half-time. Holding replaces the bandaged up David Luiz. It begs the question as to why David Luiz wasn't taken off earlier.,0

GOAL! ARSENAL 1-2 WOLVES! Wolves sucker-punch Arsenal on the counter-attack again! Wolves take the free-kick quickly. Traore turns and feeds Neto. Leno spills Neto's shot from outside the box and Podence latches onto it near the penalty spot, bundling into the empty net!,1

GOAL! ARSENAL 1-1 WOLVES! Arsenal take the corner short. Willian sends the cross in from the right and Gabriel rises high to power a head past Patricio!,1

GOAL! ARSENAL 0-1 WOLVES! Neto gives the visitors the lead! Silva drops deep to lay a pass off and immediately goes on the run into the box. Traore beats Tierney down the right and finds Dendoncker with a cross and he smashes a header against the crossbar! It lands nicely for Neto who sweeps it home off a defender!,1

Wolves make that enforced change up front. The Portuguese teenager Silva comes on to replace the stricken Jimenez.,0

GOAL! LEEDS UNITED 0-3 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool put the gloss on a comfortable win. Thiago receives Henderson's cross from the right and passes inside to Mane. Mane turns on the spot and smashes the ball past Meslier.,1

RED CARD FOR STRUIJK! After examining Elliott the referee reaches to his pocket and dismisses Struijk. Both Leeds and Liverpool players console the defender as he leaves the pitch. Klopp is in furious discussion with the officials. He's clearly disgusted by the tackle.,3

GOAL! LEEDS UNITED 0-2 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool are cruising now! Van Dijk gets on the end of Alexander-Arnold's corner and nods it down for Fabinho whose first shot is blocked. The Brazilian gets another try and this time smashes the ball home! VAR takes a look at a possible offside against Mane, but the goal stands.,1

GOAL! LEEDS UNITED 0-1 LIVERPOOL! After some patient Liverpool build-up, Alexander-Arnold squares the ball for Salah who taps into the net from inside the six-yard box.,1

Leeds' captain Cooper is shown a yellow card for that challenge on Mane. Alexander-Arnold promptly wastes the free-kick with a poor ball in that floats harmlessly out of play.,2

Another double change for Madrid now as they chase the win. Asensio is taken off, with Hazard making a return to action.,0

Madrid are making a double change now with Odriozola, who scored last time out against Cadiz, coming on for Carvajal.,0

Both sides are making a change here, with Madrid going first. It's Rodrygo that's being taken off, with Vinicius on for him.,0

Isco just slips as he closes down Miranda and ends up sweeping the full-back's legs out from under him which earns him the first booking of the game.,2

The crowd aren't happy one bit as the referee blows for full-time as Levante look to have carved out a promising-looking last attack, and Pier's protests earn him a second yellow card after full time!!!,3

GOOOOALLL!!!! Bardhi's even cooler than for the first penalty, and calmly slots it past Oblak to level the scores as the game comes to a dramatic conclusion!!! They might not have enough in them to win it, but the fight from Levante has shown that they're not dead and buried just yet!,1

There's a fair bit of push and shove going on inside Atleti's box as a small scuffle breaks out over the awarding of the penalty, and Correa's booked for his involvement in proceedings.,2

GOOOALLL!!!! What an impact!!! It's Cunha with one of his first touches for Atleti!!! De Paul surges forward and drinks a delightful pass into the Brazilian, who makes no mistake as he smashes it past Fernandez to make it 2-1!!! That might be the winner for Atleti, and the hosts have less than 15 minutes left to respond!,1

The champions' on-loan goalscorer Griezmann comes off after a noteworthy performance, and fellow summer import Matheus Cunha comes on in his place.,0

Pepelu brings down Felix and is booked, and this free-kick is from just close enough a distance to tempt Herrera with a shot on goal.  ,2

GOOOALLLL!!!! It's 1-1!!! Bardhi steps up from 12 yards and makes no mistake as he sends Oblak the wrong way and brings Levante level against the champions!!! Will this spur them on to go one better and snatch another in quick succession? There's only one way to find out.,1

Felipe scythes down Franquesa on the left wing with an awful tackle, and is rightly booked by the ref. We're less than half an hour into the match and two of the away side's centre-backs have already seen yellow cards.,2

Hermoso hacks down Levante captain Morales down the right, and the home side have a free-kick from a good crossing position as Hermoso gets the game's first yellow card.,2

GOOOALLLL!!!! The champions take the lead!!!! There's shots aplenty from the corner, as Herrera's is deflected back out, but as the ball is headed back across goal, Griezmann, who took the original corner, pops up at the far post to head Atleti 1-0 in front!,1

GOOOAAALLL! Rashford makes it 1-0 late on! That is surely the winning goal. Fernandes plays a long ball over the top of the Wolves defence and Rashford is forced out wide, but he manages to find some space and fire a shot towards goal, which then takes a big deflection off Saiss and fools Patricio, flying into the back of the net.,1

Patricio is the first Wolves player to be booked, after he takes too long with a goal-kick and the referee shows him a yellow card for time wasting.,2

United make another change now, with Greenwood the man coming off and he has been replaced by Martial.,0

Here is the Wolves substitution, with Vitinha the man coming off and he has been replaced by Podence.,0

Poor challenge by Rashford on Hoever after the right-back flicked the ball past him and Rashford raced back and clipped him from behind. A deliberate challenge.,2

GOAL! 6-0 BAYERN! Tolisso finally grabs his goal as Red Star get caught in possession and he slots past Borjan at the near post.,1

Lewandowski will score no more here. He goes off to a rapturous reception. Muller replaces him up front for Bayern.,0

GOAL! 5-0 BAYERN! Lewandowski gets his fourth, slotting the ball into the bottom corner after some nice interplay involving Perisic on the edge of the box. That's four goals for him in 15 minutes!,1

GOAL! 4-0 BAYERN! Lewandowski gets his hat-trick as he cheekily nips in front of Borjan to nod Pavard's cross into the net.,1

With the job seemingly done, Bayern boss Hans-Dieter Flick decides to call Coutinho off for a rest. Perisic comes on for him.,0

GOAL! 3-0 BAYERN! Tolisso connects with Coutinho's corner and looks to head wide, but Lewandowski is there to poke it past Borjan at close range! The man's a born finisher.,1

GOAL! 2-0 BAYERN! Lewandowski takes a stuttering run-up before smashing the ball past Borjan. There was never any doubt where that was going. Bayern are cruising now.,1

GOAL! 1-0 BAYERN! Goretzka gets a lovely header on the end of Coutinho's cross from the right. It loops over Borjan and into the far corner of the net. The keeper had no chance.,1

It is also a first competitive outing for Real Madrid loanee Diaz. Calhanoglu, who has looked very good today, is the player to make way.,0

Farrugia makes way for Kavanagh, who is making his first appearance of the season after battling back from injury.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! SHAMROCK 0-2 MILAN!! What a finish this is! Calhanoglu thinks about shooting but instead plays it to Kessie. He in turn passes to Saelemaekers and the Belgian tees up Calhanoglu to casually side-foot a shot past Mannus from 20 yards.,1

Castillejo carries the ball inside from the right and is taken out by Grace, who is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! SHAMROCK 0-1 MILAN!!! You simply cannot give Ibrahimovic this much time and space in the box. Following some nice interplay outside the area, Calhanoglu knocks it into the path of Ibra, who delicately taps it inside and tucks past Mannus with a clinical finish.,1

Isco catches Arambarri with a high boot right on the edge of the box. He goes into the book, but more importantly hands the home side a great opportunity from the resulting free-kick.,2

OFF! Ruiz is handed a second yellow card for handball. It's a harsh one on the midfielder as his arms were down by his side. However, the referee feels that it was an intentional ploy to stop a Milan counter and sends the Napoli man on his way.,3

Ruiz slips on the pitch and puts his hand on the ball to stop him from losing possession. The referee has no choice but to book the Napoli man.,2

Ospina gathers a delivery from Calhanoglu before being tripped by Cutrone, preventing a quick release. The Milan forward is booked for his challenge.,2

Valverde flies into a challenge on Vlasic to prevent a break from CSKA. He is fortunate to only receive a booking for his strong tackle.,2

Marcelo is withdrawn shaking his head and is replaced by Carvajal. It's their final substitution so Bale will remain on the field.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! SIGURDSSON MAKES IT THREE!!! 3-0 CSKA!!!! The Russian side have a third in the Bernabeu and are now surely on the path towards victory. Vlasic is afforded space and time in the box and he opts to work the ball back to Sigurdsson rather than take on the strike. The winger hits his effort first time and the ball flies past Courtois into the bottom corner. A fine strike from Sigurdsson, sending the visiting fans into raptures.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SCHENNIKOV DOUBLES CSKA'S LEAD!!! 2-0!!!! The visitors are in dreamland, notching a second goal at the Bernabeu. Mario Fernandes is afforded too much space in the final third as he latches on to Chalov's flick. His effort from a tight angle is saved by Courtois, but the rebound falls to Schennikov in the box. He holds his composure from 10 yards, volleying his effort into the ground away from the Belgian.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! CHALOV SCORES A FINE GOAL!!! CSKA 1-0!!! The Bernabeu is stunned as the visitors take the lead. Sigurdsson runs through the Madrid midfield before offloading to Chalov in space on the edge of the box. He takes a step to open up room for a strike on his left foot. The forward hits his effort with curl to bend it around Courtois into the net. A great strike from Chalov to put his team ahead.,1

Salah's game is over. He leaves the field, to be replaced by Origi. The Egyptian looks set to be Liverpool's matchwinner today.,0

A final change for Brighton. Gross, who conceded the penalty which gave Liverpool the chance to take the lead, makes way for Kayal.,0

Liverpool have made their final change. Shaqiri is off, with Milner coming on. That means the Reds will switch to a three-man midfield, with Firmino moving wide.,0

Hughton has seen enough, and will now make two changes. The first substitution sees Murray make way for Andone.,0

Liverpool lead! An emphatic finish by Salah, who makes no mistake with a powerful strike into the right-hand corner. Button guessed the right way, but could not keep it out.,1

Krunic slides into a tackle and catches Boga from behind, earning the midfielder a yellow card which will see him miss Milan’s next match.,2

Saelemaekers is also given a chance to stretch his legs, with Messias coming off with a goal to his name.,0

THE HOSTS TAKE A TWO-GOAL LEAD! 2-0! Krunic plays a square pass to Leao inside the centre-circle, with the Portugal international immediately sweeping it forward for the run of Messias. The winger gets past the last defender and draws Musso off his line before chipping it over the goalkeeper and in!,1

Ibrahimovic makes his long-awaited return to the pitch, replacing Giroud with just over 15 minutes remaining.,0

Thiaw is shown a yellow card for sticking out a leg and catching Maehle, giving Atalanta a free-kick in a promising position on the left.,2

Leao pleads his case that Toloi should be shown a red card for his handball to break up play and stop a Milan attack, but he has a bit too much to say as he's also shown a yellow card.,2

Toloi goes into a sliding challenge on Leao, handling the ball in the process. It appears to have been a cynical attempt to break up a counter-attack, with the referee producing a yellow card for the infringement.,2

Fleck is the latest player to be booked, after his foul on Zaha down the right wing. The Palace winger then reacts angrily towards the Blades midfielder.,2

Another Sheffield United change now, with Berge heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lundstram.,0

Milivojevic is booked after he deliberately stops McBurnie in his tracks as he tried to break forward on the counter.,2

The visitors make the first substitution of the game, with Sharp the man coming off and he has been replaced by Mousset.,0

Tomkins is the first Palace player to be booked today, for his late sliding challenge on Sharp, which hands the Blades a free-kick in a decent position out on the left wing.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Baldock after he holds onto Zaha and pulls the winger to the ground as he looked to break forward.,2

Palace make another change, as young midfielder Ozoh enters the fray. January signing Wharton heads to the bench.,0

GOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! 1-1!! Everton equalise! From the resulting corner, McNeil stands over it and whips a dangerous delivery towards the back post. Onana leaps higher than everyone inside the box and powers a header into the back of the net! Johnstone couldn't deal with the set-piece and the Toffees are back in it! Only Arsenal (11) have scored more goals from corners than Everton (10) in the Premier League this season, and what a time to add another!,1

GOOAAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 PALACE!! It's a screamer! The ball comes to Mateta who tussles with Branthwaite, but the striker holds it up well just outside of the box. Onana makes a tackle but it falls to Ayew, who gets it out of his feet and unleashes a thunderous right-footed strike towards the top-left corner, and it flies into the back of the net. What a finish!,1

There's an alteration in the middle of the park for the Toffees, with Gueye removed for Onana to enter the fray.,0

Kompany makes a double-substitution for Burnley. The first of these sees Vitinho withdrawn in favour of Redmond.,0

Everton make a change and Calvert-Lewin is given a breather by Dyche. Beto replaces him for the last eight minutes.,0

Garner kicks the ball away, almost hitting the referee in the process. The Everton midfielder goes into the book for his troubles.,2

Burnley make a change as we enter the final 20 minutes of this game. Al Dakhil is introduced by Kompany with Delcroix making way.,0

Everton also make a change with Doucoure, who picked up an injury during the first half, making way to be replaced by Dobbin.,0

Burnley make a change at the break. Foster enjoys a welcome return to action as he replaces Rodriguez.,0

KEANE!!! 2-0 EVERTON! Two former Burnley players combine to haunt their old side! Tarkowski climbs to flick Pickford's long kick down for Keane, whose drilled volley is kept out by Trafford. However, the ball ricochets back to the centre-half and he makes no mistake at the second attempt in tucking home from six yards out.,1

ONANA!!! 1-0 EVERTON! The visitors lead at Turf Moor. From the resulting corner, McNeil swings a dangerous ball into the six-yard box, where Onana outjumps Trafford to bury his header into the back of the net.,1

Jorginho is also thrown on to shore up the visitors' midfield, as captain Odegaard trudges to the touchline.,0

Frank is stunned into action now, making his two final changes. First, Ghoddos is replaced by Jorgensen.,0

ARSENAL LEAD! A typically dextrous intervention from Saka finally opens the door, and the Gunners go 1-0 up at the death! Timing his run to perfection, substitute Havertz arrives at the back post to head home the winger's delightful curling cross from the right, and he breaks Brentford's hearts!,1

Having been stung into action by his side almost going a goal down, Arteta sends on the versatile Havertz for Martinelli.,0

A disappointing display from Jesus comes to an early conclusion, as Nketiah replaces the Brazil international up front.,0

A foul on Onyeka sees Martinelli receive a yellow card: he clearly caught his opponent, having left his boot dangling.,2

Just after conceding a free-kick, Ajer is penalised further for kicking the ball away - that's the game's first yellow card.,2

Et Rennes va terminer ce match à dix ! Meling, coupable d'une grosse semelle sur Ounas, est exclu pour les dernières minutes de cette rencontre.,3

Et Benjamin Bourigeaud ne temble pas ! Le milieu de terrain rennais s'élance et sa frappe du droit finit sa course dans le petit filet droit de Chevalier et le portier lillois est pris à contrepied. Renne égalise et le score est désormais de 1-1.,1

Et Lille ouvre le score dans cette rencontre ! À la suite du coup de pied de coin, Cabella hérite du cuir côté droit et centre dans la surface de réparation. Mandanda capte le cuir mais commet ensuite une erreur de main en le relâchant. Fonte est à l'affût et vient pousser le cuir au fond des filets. 1-0 pour le LOSC.,1

Bernardeschi is booked for diving in an attempt to win a penalty for Juve. Vojvoda went to make the tackle, but there was no contact and the winger threw himself to the ground.,2

GOAL! The original offside decision has been overuled by VAR and Ronaldo's header stands, it's 2-2! The striker managed to stay onside as Chiellini's flick came through to him, following a Bernardeschi cross and he headed the ball into the back of the net from just a couple of yards out.,1

Cuadrado is the first Juve player to be shown a yellow card after his late and dangerous challenge on Verdi down the wing. The Torino man flicked the ball past him and then the Juve right-back dived in.,2

Torino have made their first change of the game, with Rincon heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lukic.,0

Rincon is booked following his challenge on Sandro, using his body to turn and throw the Juve left-back to the ground.,2

GOAL! Torino take the lead straight after the break, it’s 2-1! Kulusevski plays a poor pass back to his defenders and it goes straight to Sanabria, who takes advantage. The striker turns and races towards goal, skipping past De Ligt and then firing an effort towards the near post, which Szczesny gets a hand to, but he can’t stop it from flying into the back of the net.,1

GOAL! Torino have levelled the score, it’s 1-1! Sanabria with a header from close range to get Torino back into the game. It comes after Mandragora drills a powerful effort towards goal from the edge of the box and Szczesny is forced to get down quickly and make the save. However, he can’t push it away from goal and it bounces up inside the six-yard box and Sanabria pounces, getting to the ball first and heading it into the back of the net.,1

GOAL! Chiesa fires Juventus into the lead and makes it 1-0! The winger does brilliantly to skip past a couple of Torino players on the edge of the box after a quick one-two with Morata and Chiesa races into the penalty area and beats Sirigu from a tight angle, drilling it through the keeper’s legs.,1

A final change for the hosts sees Fiks replace Neumann, who has made the absolute most of a very difficult task up top today.,0

Klee, who was the player who played Lewandowski onside, complains to the referee that there should have been a foul in the build-up to the goal as he makes his way off. He's run himself into the ground here and will be replaced by Stohr.,0

BAYERN HAVE THEIR BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Drochtersen/Assel hearts are broken so late on here, as Lewandowski redirects Goretzka's shot in from close range! The striker appeared to be offside, but a Drochtersen/Assel defender was down on the pitch on the far flank, after taking a stray arm to the face from Ribery, and was playing Lewandowski onside.,1

Goretzka also comes on for Bayern, replacing Hummels. Certainly a statement of intent from the visitors in bringing an attacking player on for a defender.,0

Enough is enough says Kovac, who makes the first change here as Coman comes on to replace Robben in a like-for-like swap on the flank.,0

Robben has tested his luck with the referee, whose patience has run thin. The Dutchman becomes the first player in this match to see yellow.,2

Barcelona are making another double change now. Ezzalzouli is the first to go off, with Pique on for him.,0

JUANMI SCORES! It's a great counter-attack from Betis, with Canales being given all sorts of space down the right. He drives forward before laying it off to Tello. He touches it out to Juanmi, who is unmarked, and he coolly slots his shot past Ter Stegen and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Betis! ,1

Second change for Betis now, and it's a defensive one. Willian Jose is taken off and replaced by Carvalho.,0

Barcelona are making a double change here. Coutinho is the first to make way, with Dembele on in his place. ,0

The ball is long gone from Guardado's feet when Gonzalez stepped in, and he's shown a yellow card for the late challenge.,2

Gavi is taken off the field on the stretcher to a standing ovation from the crowd and Puig is on in his place. ,0

Busquets slid in to win the ball off Willian Jose, and then the forward accidentally kicks him when he tries to keep possession. He doesn't think it should be a Barcelona free-kick, so he's booked for dissent.,2

Robinson steals some ground as he wanders forward from a throw-in on the left. The centre-back takes too long, however, and Moss decides to caution Robinson for wasting time.,2

Baldock nudges over Calvert-Lewin outside the area and Moss gives a free-kick. The wing-back gives Moss his opinion of the decision and unsurprisingly he goes into the book for dissent.,2

At the same time as Bernard's introduction, Gomes also comes on and Doucoure is the man to come off for the hosts.,0

Rodriguez makes his second needless foul in as many minutes, this time in the right-hand channel on Basham, and Moss has no option but to caution the Colombian.,2

Sigurdsson replaces Holgate at half-time as Ancelotti signals his attacking intentions. Coleman will move back to right-back as the Icelandic comes on in midfield.,0

Basham becomes the first name in Moss' book for a late and high challenge on Digne in the middle of the park. The home side seem to want more than a yellow card, however, Moss clearly thinks just the caution is sufficient for the centre-back.,2

GOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 UNITED! Robinson receives possession from Osborn in the left-hand channel, dancing around two or three tackles and racing towards the left of goal. The left-sided centre-back drills a low cross across the face of goal and Jebbison is there to tap-in to an empty net at the back post with his right foot. What a moment for the youngster, who was on loan at sixth-tier Chorley Town at the start of this season!,1

Brentford are desperately getting bodies forward in search of a late equaliser, but it doesn't pay off. When a free-kick is given Arsenal's way, Ajer complains and gets booked for dissent.,2

Odegaard makes his way slowly to the sideline as his number goes up, and Partey comes on to play the last couple of minutes.,0

And Damsgaard is brought on in place of Zanka, who has taken a few hits in this game and wasn't looking too comfortable.,0

Brentford's final roll of the dice is a double one as Thomas Frank tries to get a late goal. Janelt goes off for Ghoddos.,0

HAVERTZ SCORES! Odegaard's clipped cross goes straight back to him, so he switches it out to White on the right. He gets a yard on Lewis-Potter to lift a good cross onto the edge of the six-yard box where Havertz has a free header, and he thumps it past Flekken and into the back of the net. 2-1 Arsenal!,1

And Zinchenko makes his return from injury for the last 11 minutes plus stoppage time as he comes on for Kiwior.,0

There's a double change for Arsenal now, too as they look to add something different to their attacks. Trossard makes way for Nelson.,0

Brentford are making a double change, and it's two of their players on bookings that are making way. The goalscorer, Wissa, is replaced by Maupay.,0

The yellow card is out now, and it's for Wissa, who sends Ramsdale to ground when he plucks a cross out of the air.,2

It's not Havertz that's being taken off in Arsenal's first change of the game. It's Jorginho instead, with Jesus replacing him. The German will drop back into midfield.,0

WISSA EQUALISES! It's a moment to forget for Ramsdale! Arsenal were in full control, knocking it back to Ramsdale, and just like he has so many times in this half, Wissa races to close him down. The goalkeeper never saw him coming, and as he went to play a long pass upfield, it hit Wissa, whose block looped into the back of the net. 1-1!,1

Havertz catches Collins in the mouth with his arm as they both go up for an aerial challenge, and the German is booked for it.,2

Norgaard is struggling after picking up that earlier knock to his back, so he's taken off. Jensen is brought on for him.,0

Zanka commits to that challenge, sliding in to completely take out Trossard. He's protesting his innocence, but the referee was always going to show a yellow card there.,2

RICE SCORES! Arsenal take the lead! White gets the ball on the right, and Brentford are slow to get out to him. He curls a great cross into the box, and Rice never looks favourite to get to it with Zanka there, but the midfielder wants it more. He gets in front of his marker to thump a header into the back of the net. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

Gabriel nods down the long ball, but Wissa turns him to latch onto it. The defender grabs a fistful of his shirt to tug him back but is adamant it wasn't a foul. His frustration only grows when the yellow card comes out.,2

Trossard sets off on the counter, and Onyeka runs a long way to get over to him. He slides in with a late challenge on the Belgian though, and picks up a very early booking.,2

Mayoral receives a late yellow card after catching Murillo with a high boot deep inside the Barca half.,2

GOAL! The visitors have pulled one back! Suarez brilliantly dribbles beyond two Levante defenders before cutting inside where he is impeded from behind by Coke just inside the penalty area. Coutinho steps up and calmly strikes the ball into the bottom left corner of the net. Fernandez dived the right way but failed to get a hand to it. 2-1.,1

The hosts make their final change of the evening as Doukoure comes on to replace Rochina. The midfielder was instrumental in the opening goal.,0

Busquets is the latest player to go into the book following a very late sliding challenge on Jason in the centre of the field.,2

Levante make their first substitution as Morales comes on to replace Boateng. The forward worked extremely hard and was crucial in the hosts’ second goal.,0

Cabaco is the fifth player to receive a yellow card this evening following a cynical foul on Dembele as he looked to drive at the Levante defence.,2

Chumi receives the third yellow card in only the last five minutes! The defender is caught out by Boateng’s pace and is forced to pull him down.,2

Murillo is shown the first yellow card of the match for a cynical foul on Mayoral inside Levante’s half.,2

GOAL! Levante have now doubled their lead! Boateng picks the ball up in space just outside of the Barca penalty area before dinking it in behind for Mayoral to run onto. The Spaniard controls the ball brilliantly and calmly slots his finish into the bottom left corner of the net. Once again, Cillessen could do little about it. 2-0.,1

GOAL! Levante have taken the lead after only three minutes! Rochina’s wonderful left-footed delivery from the left wing is perfectly placed for Cabaco to head home from the centre of the penalty area. Cillessen stood no chance. 1-0.,1

GOALLL!!! 2-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Dendoncker puts Ruddy in all sorts of trouble with a horrible pass backwards. Tella dispossesses the goalkeeper, fakes to shoot and then opts to unselfishly roll in Armstrong. Saiss retreats to defend on the line but Armstrong composes himself to place a right-footed finish into the back of the net off the right-hand post.,1

Romeu hacks down Neto, offering the hosts a free-kick in a great position, 25 yards out from goal in the centre of the park. For his cynical efforts, Moss also books Romeu.,2

Djenepo, who conveniently finds himself on the opposite side of the pitch, takes an age to make his way to the touchline after being substituted. Tella is the man to replace him.,0

Nuno sends on another of his attackers, this time it is Neto who is charged with getting his side back in this game. He replaces Vitinha.,0

Gibbs-White goes down in the middle of the park with Ward-Prowse appearing to foul his opposite man. Moss is unconvinced, however, as he books Gibbs-White for simulation.,2

Walker-Peters takes a heavy touch and, perhaps attempting to make up for his initial mistake, clatters into Silva with a sliding tackle. Referee Moss feels he has no option and shows the right wing-back the first yellow card of this fixture.,2

GOALLL!!! 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON! VAR indicates Ings is onside so the goal, after being ruled out, now stands. Initially Bertrand had rolled Ings in before the striker’s first shot was saved by Ruddy. The rebound ricocheted off Ings and into the back of the net in lucky fashion but he will not mind!,1

Jonny, who has only just returned from injury, lasts 45 minutes before being brought off at half-time for Ait Nouri.,0

Lorient make a double substitution. First, Cabot's game is over. It's not his fault that Lorient are losing. Lauriente replaces him.,0

GOAL! 1-0 PSG! Sarabia has broken the deadlock! PSG's captain Silva is in space outside the box and curls a magnificent ball in towards the Spaniard who heads it back across goal and into the bottom corner!,1

Lorient substitution. Hamel, whose physical presence has caused PSG problems, goes off. Lecoeuche replaces him.,0

Lorient keep their calm to pass the ball out from the back as another PSG attack fails. Paredes is booked for diving in two-footed on Le Fee to prevent the counter. That could easily have been a red.,2

GOOOOAALLLL!!! BOURNEMOUTH PULL ONE BACK! Some poor defending from City allows Callum Wilson to race in behind, with the striker outpacing Stones before laying it off to Brooks, who finishes calmly beyond Ederson. It’s 2-1!,1

Stanislas has been Bournemouth's biggest threat so far, but his race is now run. Brooks is on in his place.,0

Bournemouth have also took the chance to make some changes – three, in fact. First, Solanke has gone off, to be replaced by Wilson.,0

City have made two changes at the break, with Walker one of the players going off. He has been replaced by Garcia.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!! JESUS MAKES IT 2-0! Just as Bournemouth had been building up some momentum, they have been dealt another blow – Jesus cutting into the area from David Silva's pass, getting the better of his markers with some excellent footwork and drilling a low finish into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOOOOOAAALLLLL!!! CITY TAKE THE LEAD! In what is set to be his penultimate match at the Etihad, David Silva has just curled in a sublime free-kick from the edge of the area. The playmaker got his effort up and over the wall, and it clattered in off the underside of the crossbar.,1

Koeman continues to roll the dice, replacing Fati with Braithwaite in an attempt to steal a late winner.,0

Rioja’s goal has Alaves in position to earn a point, but his match is over as he’s replaced by Garcia.,0

Koeman looks to freshen up his side with 20 minutes to go, as Alba is taken off and replaced by Dest. ,0

BARCELONA GET THEMSELVES LEVEL! Fati makes a challenge on the loose ball outside the penalty area and it breaks kindly for Griezmann, who latches onto it inside the 18 and chips it over Pacheco! 1-1!,1

RED CARD FOR ALAVES! Jota has made his side’s fight for three points a lot more difficult, getting himself sent off for a second yellow card after raising his boot high and catching Pique high in the chest. It’s unfortunate for the midfielder, but it’s worthy of a booking. The hosts down to 10 men!,3

The third change of the match for the hosts is a straight swap on the wing, as Tavares is in for Mendez. ,0

Deyverson has been very good in his limited touches today, sparking a couple of dangerous counter-attacks. He’s taken off before the hour though, as Joselu comes on to replace him.,0

The third switch is an interesting one, as winger Pedri is on for Lenglet - who was playing in defence. ,0

Busquets is booked for a sliding challenge in midfield, in a failed attempt to prevent a counter-attack.,2

The counter continues, just until Lenglet as Rioja’s jersey is pulled by the centre-back. It’s a free-kick for the hosts, while the Barcelona player receives a yellow card.,2

Alaves are forced into a change four minutes from half-time, as Navarro is unable to run off an earlier injury. Aguirregabiria is his replacement. ,0

Messi is booked for a cynical foul after failing to get the referee to award him a free-kick for various niggling fouls during Barca’s last attack.,2

ALAVES TAKE THE LEAD AFTER A MESS IN BARCELONA’S DEFENCE! Rioja bursts forward on a counter-attack, but loses possession just outside the 18-yard box to Pique. The defender passes it back to Neto and looks for the pass back, but the keeper’s first touch is poor - allowing Rioja to slip in, take possession back and tuck it away! 1-0 to the hosts!,1

Deyverson steps into Messi - sending the Barcelona captain to the floor just outside the 18-yard box. It's a yellow card for the Alaves striker while giving Barcelona a chance to trouble Pacheco.  ,2

Jota tugs Griezmann’s jersey back inside the centre-circle and receives the first yellow card of the match.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MODRIC MAKES IT THREE AT THE DEATH!!! 3-0!!! Madrid end the game in style on a quick counter. Valverde is released into acres of space down the left flank and he surges into the box. The midfielder slides a low ball across the six-yard box for Modric to meet and he bundles his strike into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VARANE HEADS HOME!!!! 2-0 MADRID!!! There's no doubt about this one as Varane's goal as the Frenchman powers his header into the net from six yards. Kroos floats a dangerous ball into the middle from the free-kick and the Madrid defender is left unmarked at the back post. Varane thumps his effort past Soria to double the visitors' advantage, which is confirmed after a lengthy VAR check.,1

Militao goes down in a heap in a battle with Rodriguez for the ball in the air. The referee gives the decision the way of the visitors and Suarez is furious. He protests to the referee, but takes it too far and goes into the book.,2

Wolves make an attacking change as Nuno introduces club-record signing Traore in place of Costa for his home debut.,0

GOAL! 1-1! Gundogan floats a superb free-kick towards the far post where Laporte fires a strong header past Patricio for his first Manchester City goal.,1

GOOOOAL! 1-0 Wolves! Moutinho goes short from the resulting corner to play a one-two with Neves, then whipping an inviting cross into the middle where Boly bundles home.,1

Neves spins Kompany in midfield and is fouled, which sees the Belgium international earn the game's first booking.,2

Now Garcia is booked himself for a foolish challenge, leaving him to rue his mistakes. That set-piece doesn't provide the threat that Bilbao were looking for.,2

Kroos gets slapped with a booking now after sliding in on Dani Garcia. It's a foolish play at this stage of the game and hands Bilbao a free-kick inside the Madrid half to ease some pressure.,2

It is the end of Raul Garcia's game - and what a game for him - now as Bilbao bring on Asier Villalibre.,0

GOAL! KARIM BENZEMA PULLS IT BACK FOR REAL MADRID! 2-1! VAR overturns the on-field decision! There's no need for the monitor, and Bilbao may have some raised eyebrows on the replay, but there's enough to warrant a reversal from the referee. Los Blancos are back in this!,1

That is a rash challenge from Capa, who would do well to watch his step with that. He picked up that red card against Madrid the last time these sides met. He gets a booking this time around.,2

GOAL! RAUL GARCIA MAKES IT TWO FOR ATHLETIC BILBAO! 2-0! A double for the striker and a coolly composed finish from the spot as he strokes it in at the right post, Courtois sent skimming the other way. Madrid pay the price there.,1

Penalty to Bilbao! Oh, Vazquez should not be doing that, absolutely clattering Martinez as he dinks into the box to collect a cross. It is a spot-kick, plain and simple, no VAR about it. The defender gets booked for his troubles too.,2

GOAL! RAUL GARCIA OPENS THINGS FOR ATHLETIC BILBAO! 1-0! It is a peach of a throughball from Dani Garcia and Madrid's defence should really do better as the striker latches onto it and sweeps a cool finish past Courtois. Glorious stuff!,1

Oblak limps off the pitch with the medical team before going straight down the tunnel. Grbic comes on for the last five minutes or so.,0

And Correa is also being brought on to replace Morata, who is making complaints to the fourth official as he exits the pitch.,0

Sociedad have had to wait a while to make this triple change. Silva is the first to go off, with Kubo replacing him.,0

Atletico make their second change as they look to restore their lead. De Paul goes off to be replaced by Griezmann.,0

Morata thought he should've won a free-kick, but the referee played on, and now he's making his frustration known. He's booked for dissent.,2

Zubeldia is late with his challenge on Joao Felix and he's the latest player to go into the referee's book.,2

SADIQ EQUALISES! Silva works it out to Cho on the left and he gets the better of Gimenez to clip a cross into the far post. Reinildo misjudges it and it sails over him, leaving Sadiq to nod it in from inches out. After a quick VAR check for offside, it stands! 1-1!,1

Both sides are making a change at the start of the second half, beginning with Sociedad. Sadiq comes on to make his debut in place of Sorloth.,0

Atletico were awarded a free-kick, but they can't take it yet due to a disagreement between Llorente and Cho. It quickly gets heated and Llorente is shown a yellow card for his involvement.,2

Zubimendi was losing track of Morata and clipped him with a late challenge, which earns him a yellow card.,2

De Paul has a couple of attempts at tugging Merino back and eventually goes into the book for his challenge.,2

Saul lunges into a heavy challenge on Gorosabel and takes out the right-back, getting nowhere near the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

MORATA SCORES! It's a brilliant corner from Carrasco as he whips it against the bottom of the near post. Remiro is left scrambling and Morata is left with a simple tap-in from the middle of the box. 1-0 Atletico!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Moura gets a goal to mark his last appearance, and rub salt in Leeds wounds! Taking a pass from Sarr on halfway, he glides through poor challenges from Cooper, Ayling and Kristensen before stabbing the ball home from close range! 4-1 to Spurs, and Leeds' relegation is confirmed with another poor goal from their perspective.,1

Porro got the ball rolling for Spurs in the second half, but comes off now for Lucas Moura to make his final appearance for the Lilywhites.,0

Another debutant is introduced by Ryan Mason, as George Abbott makes his Spurs debut in replacing a fellow academy product in Oliver Skipp.,0

Harrison has pulled up with cramp, and is brought off for Leeds late in the game. Wilfried Gnonto, who we surprisingly haven't seen earlier given his exploits this season, will replace the sole goalscorer for the Peacocks.,0

Matthew Craig will also come on to make his debut for Tottenham, replacing Bissouma in what will be an extremely proud moment for the young midfielder.,0

Son leaves the field in Spurs' latest change, and will be replaced by Richarlison for the last quarter of an hour at Elland Road.,0

GOOOOAAALL!!! Spurs restore their advantage just seconds after Harrison's goal!! Leeds are wide open at the back as Sarr heads forward to Porro. He advances into space and releases Kane to his left, who slots the ball beyond the onrushing Robles and into the bottom corner!! 3-1 to Spurs, and it's looking increasingly likely Leeds will be relegated in the next 20 minutes or so.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! Leeds pull one back!!! Rutter holds off Lenglet on the edge of the box, and finds Harrison to his right. He steps beyond Davies and Bissouma before hitting a low, right-footed shot, which beats Forster to nestle in the far corner! They still trail 2-1 with other results going against them, but stranger things have happened in the history of this great game!,1

Kulusevski heads off in Spurs' first change of the match, and Pape Sarr will replace the forward to close out the game.,0

On-loan Juventus midfielder McKennie also comes off, and record signing Georginio Rutter will enter the fray on the hour mark.,0

Wober also comes off having been booked early on, and Junior Firpo replaces the January signing at left-back.,0

Sam Allardyce makes three changes at once for Leeds, the first seeing Struijk replaced by attacking midfielder Brenden Aaronson.,0

Son and Skipp look to play a one-two down the left for Spurs, but the former is held back by Cooper and can't get there. The referee plays advantage, but comes back to book the Leeds captain after Kane's cross comes to nothing.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Spurs double their lead, and all-but relegate Leeds United in the process! Kane powers through midfield and slips a throughball into the box. Struijk can't deal with it, deflecting the ball into Porro's path, and the January arrival smashes a low shot across the face of goal and into the far corner! 2-0 to Tottenham, and that might just be the final nail in Leeds' three-year Premier League run.,1

Davies dispossesses Forshaw and finds Kulusevski in the centre circle, who spins away from Wober on the break. However, he's clipped as he runs through by the Austrian, who becomes the second Leeds defender in five minutes to receive a booking.,2

Leeds' corner comes to nothing and Spurs race away on the break, but Lenglet is pulled back by Struijk and the young Dutchman is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! Tottenham lead inside two minutes!! Emerson finds Porro with a clipped ball forward, and he cuts inside to find Son. He tees up Kane with space inside the box, who curls the ball into the top corner with a first-time finish to send Spurs 1-0 up!!! If Leeds' task was a big one at kick-off, it's now a gargantuan one just two minutes into the final day.,1

Wolves react to this spell of Leicester pressure. Jota shakes his head in frustration to be the one whose number's up. Wolves' new Italian striker Cutrone enters the fray.,0

Jonny curls in a right-footed cross looking for Jimenez but can't find him. The wing-back is promptly pickpocketed by Pereira and chooses to bring him down. That's a yellow card for him.,2

The referee hoists another yellow card aloft, this time for Richarlison, after the striker sprints across to get involved in a fracas on the touchline that had absolutely nothing to do with him.,2

HE'S OFF!! McBurnie's not happy with the referee's decision there, and tells him as much. The referee responds with a second yellow card for the striker, who is sent off and leaves Sheffield United down to 10 men!,3

Perisic is penalised with a caution for a stray elbow on Basham, giving the Blades a free-kick, but they're caught offside from the ball into the box and the entire stadium breathes a massive sigh of relief!,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! Oh my goodness!!! Spurs win it right at the death, and what a way to do it! Possession is won in the final third and comes to Richarlison. He cuts it back to Kulusevski, who sets himself before slamming the ball into the top-left corner, and pandemonium ensues! The stadium is absolutely bouncing to its very foundations as Spurs take a late, late 2-1 lead, and they've somehow snatched victory from the jaws of defeat!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! Third. Time. Lucky!!! Another late Spurs corner is swung into the box by Perisic, and this time it's on the money, as Richarlison rises at the front post to head beyond Foderingham and into the back of the net!! 1-1 in the dying minutes, but this game could still have one final twist in store!,1

Van de Ven's off too, and midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg replaces the centre-back for a Spurs side who will throw everything they have at the Blades from here.,0

Porro comes off for Emerson Royal to take the reins at right-back, and he'll be given license to come forward as often as possible for a Spurs side rapidly running out of time.,0

Davies chases a long Sheffield United clearance with Porro, and both stumble as they try to get to the ball. The Spurs defender comes out on top, but not for long as he's scythed down by Davies, who is shown the most textbook of yellow cards.,2

Bissouma wants Sheffield United, and the referee, to get on with the game, but his pleas are met only by the raising of a yellow card.,2

Bogle is injured in a tackle and despite doing his best to carry on, is taken off for Auston Trusty to see out the game in his position.,0

Hamer's goal is the difference for the Blades so far, and the former Coventry midfielder is withdrawn now for Tom Davies to see the game out.,0

Ivan Perisic also enters the fray to complete a triple change, and he'll replace Solomon for the hosts.,0

Sarr is also withdrawn by Postecoglou, with Richarlison sent on to add more depth in the attacking positions.,0

Spurs need to find a way back into this game, and fast, and they'll look to new signing Brennan Johnson, replacing Son, to produce some magic on his debut.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! Tear up your scripts, Sheffield United have taken the lead!!! A long throw from the right is launched into the box by Robinson. It's allowed to bounce, and that gives Hamer all the time he needs to smash a low shot across the face, off the post, and into the back of the net! For all their chance, Spurs trail 1-0, and a mammoth result may just be unfolding in north London!,1

McAtee's picked up a knock and won't be risked further as Oliver Norwood replaces him. It's a shame for the Manchester City loanee, who has been one of the Blades' brightest performers in this one.,0

Solomon slips and loses out to McBurnie, but he's immediately taken to ground by the Tottenham winger, who is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Maddison's been shown a yellow card for something, likely for complaining to the referee after another penalty shout didn't go his side's way!,2

The Blades win a free-kick which Robinson attempts to take quickly, but he does so by deliberately knocking the ball into the offside Son and is shown a yellow card for time-wasting!,2

McBurnie slides in from behind and catches Solomon late, getting none of the ball but instead receiving a yellow card.,2

Foderingham and Van de Ven collide in the six-yard box following a save from a Spurs corner, and their Dutch centre-back is shown a yellow card for his part in the challenge.,2

Wow! Foderingham is a lucky, lucky man there! As a bouncing ball heads towards the edge of his box, the Blades goalkeeper taps it back towards him with his hands. He's clearly out of the area when he does so and Kulusevski protests, but Foderingham is let off with just a yellow card!,2

Archer is caught offside and deliberately delays Romero taking the free-kick, earning himself a needless yellow card from the referee's pocket.,2

Basham drags Maddison off the ball in an attempt to win it back, but the free-kick against him is immediately blown and the first yellow card of the game soon follows.,2

Barja is shown a yellow card for the handball offense just three minutes after coming onto the pitch!,2

David Garcia is also shown a yellow card, with his protestations too much for the referee to deal with.,2

The strike is Carvajal's last involvement in the match, with Vazquez coming onto the pitch to play at full-back.,0

Bellingham comes off to a standing ovation, with the Bernabeu recognising his outstanding contribution. Ceballos is chosen to see out the remainder of the match.,0

JOSELU GETS IN ON THE FUN! 4-0! Tchouameni’s hammered clearance is controlled with an incredible touch by Vinicius, who brings the ball down with his back to goal under touch-tight marking from David Garcia. The winger is allowed to shuffle the ball between his feet before turning the centre-back and playing a pass forward for Joselu, whose first-time finish from close range beats Herrera!,1

REAL MADRID FIND A THIRD! 3-0! Camavinga steps up to win the ball ahead of Budimir, poking it forward for Valverde. The Uruguay international immediately picks his head up and plays a leading pass into Osasuna’s half for Vinicius. The winger puts his pace on display, burning Catena before dragging Herrera off his line and finishing into an open net!,1

The referee pulls back play and shows a yellow card to Tchouameni, who was deemed to have kicked through the back of Pena during an attempt to win the ball in midfield.,2

WHO ELSE BUT BELLINGHAM?! 2-0! It’s two for the England international, who begins the move by driving towards the penalty area before playing a one-two pass with Valverde and slotting his low shot between the legs of Herrera!,1

Rudiger is shown the first yellow card of the match for an elbow in the face of Torro during an attempt to win the ball back inside Osasuna’s penalty area.,2

ANOTHER ONE FOR BELLINGHAM! 1-0! Real Madrid leave Osasuna with no chance after a bit of slick build-up play through Modric, who finds Carvajal inside the penalty area with his back to goal. The right-back lays off a first-time pass for the run of Bellingham, who takes a touch to set himself before easily slotting the ball into the roof of the net!,1

Ujah battles for a long throw into the box and jostles with Martinez in the air, but he catches the Spaniard with his arm. The referee books the forward for the incident.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! THIAGO RESTORES BAYERN'S LEAD!!! 2-1!!! Niakhate makes a huge mistake at the back as he gifts possession to the visitors. Lewnandowski breaks into the right inside channel and forces a low ball across the face of goal. Thiago makes a late run to latch on to the cross and he steers it into the back of the net with his left foot on the slide. They can't take that one away from him.,1

Kovac senses that Bayern have lost their way since the restart and throws Ribery into the fold to provide a spark as he replaces Gnabry.,0

Goretzka was able to walk from the pitch, but he made his way straight down the tunnel. Sanches replaces the German in the middle of the park.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! MAINZ ARE LEVEL!!!! BOETIUS!!! 1-1!! The home side are back in the game as Boetius converts at the back post from Brosinski's cross. Mainz were allowed to build from the throw-in and Brosinski was afforded space and time to deliver a cross into the middle. It travelled towards Boetius at the back post, who edged ahead of Kimmich to guide his effort into the bottom corner.,1

Martin pulls back Thomas Muller down the right flank and he goes into the book. It hands Bayern another opportunity to whip a cross into the box.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GORETZKA PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!! 1-0!! This time the visitors do take the lead as the midfielder finishes in style from 12 yards. Kimmich was afforded space and time down the right flank and he whipped a low cross into the box. Thomas Muller left the ball for Goretzka to strike. He connected sweetly with his effort on the volley, placing his attempt beyond the reach of Florian Muller.,1

MANE AT THE DOUBLE! 4-2! That will surely seal the win for Liverpool as the striker brings up a half-century of goals for the club! He meets a delivery from Sturridge near the edge of the box, dinks it around Heaton and clips it into the back of the net.,1

GUDMUNDSSON PULLS ONE BACK FOR BURNLEY! 3-2! A kerfuffle in the Liverpool box sees an attempted clearance from Vydra fall back to the striker who taps it wide for his fellow substitute to drill in at the right post.,1

The set-piece played wide allows Salah to whip a ball into a congested box, though he finds no luck. Liverpool meanwhile replace Lallana with Keita.,0

Fabinho gets a yellow card for a careless slide tackle in midfield now. The hosts will be wanting to close this game down now without any silly errors.,2

FIRMINO BAGS A BRACE! 3-1! The Brazilian notches a second following a horrendous error from Heaton. The keeper’s deliver goes straight to Salah who races into the box. A slide tackle takes him down and as before, the loose ball is bounced on by his team-mate simply fires in from close range.,1

MANE GIVES LIVERPOOL THE LEAD! 2-1! Lallana makes a great defensive press to block a lazy attempted clearance from the visitors and the rebound falls to Salah. The Egypt international goes down to a slide tackle but the ball is pushed to his fellow forward who curls a volley into the top-right corner. Lovely stuff from the hosts.,1

FIRMINO EQUALISES FOR LIVERPOOL! 1-1! It’s an absolute muddle from Heaton and Tarkowski on the line as Salah and Wijnaldum execute a one-two for the former to slot a square ball in for his fellow striker to bundle over the line. Absolute confusion from the Burnley keeper and defender there.,1

Alisson is absolutely furious and claims very strongly that he was impeded in his attempts to get to the ball. Replays show he might have a point, with Tarkowski appearing to push him down as the ball sailed in, but instead it’s the goalkeeper who gets a booking for his protests.,2

WESTWOOD GIVES BURNLEY THE LEAD! 1-0! What a start for the visitors! The Clarets win a corner and the midfielder scores his first goal for the club directly, drifting it in at the far post from the left flank, beyond everyone in the box! What a goal!,1

Palmer was taken off earlier in the second half, but he comes back onto the pitch to join in the celebrations. He's booked for it, but he won't care in the least!,2

WRIGHT HAS WON IT FOR COVENTRY! Absolutely incredible! O'Hare is forced wide by Kilman, but he brilliantly turns to pull it back into the box. Santiago Bueno is static, and doesn't realise that Simms is behind him. The forward darts in front of him and helps it onto Wright, who curls a delightful shot past Sa and into the far bottom corner. 3-2 Coventry!,1

SIMMS EQUALISES! The visitors were pushing Wolves deeper into their own half before it's switched out to Wright on the left, and he clips a great ball into the near post. Thomas flicks it on at the near post, and Simms is unmarked in the six-yard box as he nods it past Sa from close range. 2-2!,1

Robins is making a double change to shake things up in search of that equaliser. Eccles is taken off, with Torp on for him.,0

HUGO BUENO SCORES! Wolves have turned this game on its head! Van Ewijk sells himself as he slides in but fails to block the pass into Ait-Nouri, who then leaves Thomas behind too with a clever drop of the shoulder. He has four players to his right in support, and he knocks it into Bueno, who keeps his composure to slot it past Collins and net his first senior goal. 2-1 Wolves!,1

AIT-NOURI EQUALISES! Sarabia plays a lovely reverse pass down the right to Gomes, and his cross just isn't dealt with by Latibeaudiere. It bounces off the right-back and falls straight to Ait-Nouri, who makes no mistake as he slots it past Collins and into the back of the net. 1-1!,1

It's a frustrated tackle by Sarabia on O'Hare, and it earns him a yellow card that would see him miss the semi-final if Wolves get to it.,2

Coventry are making their first change now, and it's Palmer, who arguably should've been on the scoresheet today, that's going off for O'Hare.,0

O'Neil is making a double change in reaction to that Coventry goal. With so many injuries, he turns to a youngster, as 18-year-old Chiwome comes on for his debut to replace Fraser, who has managed just one off-target shot in this game.,0

SIMMS SCORES! Coventry have the lead! It's a wonderful delivery from Palmer on the free-kick as he curls it to the back post and Kitching nods it back across goal. Latibeaudiere gets his leg up, but can't direct it on target, but Simms is behind him to walk it into the net from close range. There is a VAR check for handball though...,1

It was there to be won, but Ait-Nouri was a little late sliding in on Van Ewijk, and he picks up an early booking.,2

HERMOSO SCORES AND ATLETICO MADRID OVERTURN THE DEFICIT! 3-2 TO THE HOSTS! INCREDIBLE! Simeone is on the touchline almost in tears as the Wanda Metropolitano explodes! A lovely backheel flick from Correa directs De Paul’s pass into the path of Cunha. The forward picks his head up and sees Hermoso at the far post and from there it’s a simple pass that’s met with a simple finish as Valencia have let the three points slip!,1

CORREA FINDS A LATE LEVELLER! Carrasco cuts inside towards the corner of the penalty area and plays a ball with the outside of his boot for Suarez. The striker goes lunging in to turn the pass home but after an intervention from the goalkeeper, Correa is on the spot to deal with the rebound, turning it into the empty net! 2-2! ,1

The 10th yellow card of the match is shown to Herrera for clattering into Koindredi without any chance of winning the ball. ,2

Domenech is shown a yellow card seven minutes from time for doing his utmost to avoid taking a goal-kick, taking precious seconds off the clock in the process. ,2

Suarez is unsurprisingly booked for having one too many words to say to the referee following his awarding of a goal-kick and not a corner. ,2

The referee produces a yellow card for Lato, who catches Correa on the neck with a flailing arm during a fight for an aerial ball in midfield. ,2

ATLETICO MADRID CUT THE DEFICIT! 2-1! Carrasco’s corner from the left misses everyone at the near post and falls kindly to Cunha, who uses the side of his foot to cushion the ball into the back of the net relatively unmarked!,1

Guillamon's slide from behind Cunha is executed right in front of the referee - who shows the Valencia midfielder a yellow card. ,2

VALENCIA DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! 2-0! A hooked clearance outside Atleti’s penalty area by Hermoso presents possession to Lato, who plays an incisive pass through the heart of the Atletico defence for Duro - who dispatches a low shot into the bottom corner! ,1

Musah is now shown a yellow card for attempting to play the ball while on the ground and catching Gimenez in the chest instead. It's the fifth yellow card of the match.,2

Hermoso was arguing for a second yellow card for the Valencia wing-back and gets his name in the book with a yellow of his own for protestation. ,2

Koke lunges into an extremely dangerous sliding challenge in midfield which catches Solar on the ankle. The referee immediately pulls out his yellow card and books the Atleti captain, despite Valencia's protests for more. ,2

MUSAH MAKES IT 1-0 VALENCIA! Guedes wins back possession in midfield and fires a lovely crossfield ball to Musah, who drives forward before cutting inside and finishing at the near post!,1

Correia wins a battle for the ball with Lodi but catches Koke in the foot after the midfielder had come to cover the space. It's a booking for the Valencia wing-back and a free-kick for the hosts. ,2

Second change for West Ham as they continue to go for a late equaliser. Ajeti comes on in place of Fornals.,0

First change for West Ham now and Haller makes his return after a hip injury as he replaces Yarmolenko.,0

Tarkowski picks up the first yellow card of the game after catching Bowen high on his leg with studs after missing the ball.,2

BURNLEY LEAD! Rodriguez runs across Cresswell to get on the end of Taylor's cross and he turns the ball on target. It beats Fabianski and bounces off the underside of the crossbar before crossing the line. 1-0 Burnley!,1

GOAL! AC MILAN 4-0 RB SALZBURG! Messias adds gloss to Milan's fine victory! The substitute reaches Giroud's forward pass on the counter and jinks inside from the right to fire left-footed into the top left corner. Kohn's unable to keep the shot out.,1

Milan take the chance to bring on more fresh legs too. Off goes one of their goalscorers Krunic. On comes De Ketelaere.,0

Wober is the latest Salzburg player to leave the pitch. Their captain Ulmer replaces him at left-back.,0

Okafor heads off. He might have scored earlier but for Kalulu's intervention. Koita comes on for Salzburg.,0

GOAL! AC MILAN 3-0 RB SALZBURG! This game's over as a contest now. Leao goes on a mazy run from left to right before picking his cross. Salzburg's centre-backs can't get their feet together and Giroud smashes the loose ball into the net to grab his second goal of the match.,1

GOAL! AC MILAN 2-0 RB SALZBURG! Second place in Group E may well be Milan's now! Giroud nods Rebic's right-wing cross back across goal and Krunic heads it in from close range.,1

Okafor's shown the game's first yellow card for putting a stop to Leao's run. The Portugal international is troubling Salzburg.,2

GOAL! AC MILAN 1-0 RB SALZBURG! Giroud nods in unmarked from Tonali's corner. This goal is as easy as they come!,1

There is another red card for Monza in the dugout. This time substitute Mirko Maric is sent to the stands.,3

Kvaratskhelia is also given a yellow card for his role in the argument with Bondo. There was pushing and shoving from the pair but nothing worthy of a red card.,2

Bondo and Kvaratskhelia get into a scuffle after a tackle on the left. The Monza man reacts badly and goes into the book. The incident also ends with Napoli head coach Mazzarri getting shown his second yellow card.,2

D'Ambrosio cannot continue after going down with an injury and is now coming off. Cittadini comes on to try and protect Monza's clean sheet.,0

Colombo came into the Monza to start up front but didn't have any shots and had just 18 touches. Machin is on.,0

Napoli make a change in goal. Meret made three saves including a penalty but is now coming off with an injury. Contini-Baranovskyi is on.,0

Napoli make a couple of changes. Zielinski had an energetic performance in the midfield but is now being replaced by Gaetano.,0

PENALTY MONZA! Colpani's shot from close range is blocked by the arm of Jesus, with the referee pointing straight to the penalty spot.,2

Akpa Akpro returned to the pitch after going down with an injury but is now coming off. It looked like Monza were just waiting for Bondo to be ready to come on and didn't want to be down to 10 men.,0

Monza make their second substitution. Colpani comes on to replace Carboni, who had just one shot and 23 touches.,0

Birindelli replaced Pereira, who was on a yellow card, but the substitute goes into the book soon after coming on for a strong slide tackle on Kvaratskhelia.,2

Monza head coach Palladino has seen enough and has decided to make a change before the restart. Pereira was on a yellow card and was struggling against Kvaratskhelia. Birindelli replaces him.,0

Pereira drags Kvaratskhelia's shirt on the edge of the box on the left and goes into the book. He will have to be careful.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MBAPPPE SCORES AT THE DEATH!!!!!! 1-0 PSG!!!! Mbappe finally gets the breakthrough with a brilliant solo goal. He beats two challenges in the left-inside channel and then places his effort away from Courtois into the bottom-right corner with deadly precision. A huge moment in the tie.,1

Gueye comes on in place of Danilo, who was booked earlier in the contest. Pochettino is not taking any risks here.,0

Vinicius makes way for the visitors after earning a free-kick in a useful position. Hazard enters the action to replace the Brazilian.,0

Di Maria has not been overly influential against his former club. Neymar gets a huge reception as he replaces the Argentine.,0

Carvajal has had a tough evening, conceding a penalty in the process. Fortunately for him Courtois saved the spot-kick, and he is now withdrawn for Vazquez.,0

Brandt has been virtually invisible in his midfield role, and is replaced by Knauff for the final few minutes.,0

Meunier is the latest man to be withdrawn by Rose, and Wolf is on in his place for the final 10 minutes.,0

After an entertaining contribution to the match, Antony is replaced by his compatriot Neres in the Ajax attack.,0

HALLER HAS HIS GOAL! A sixth goal of the group stage arrives for Ajax's star striker, as he steers a close-range header past Kobel from an accurate cutback by Blind. The Ivory Coast international missed out on European football last term due to a problem with his registration, but is certainly making up for lost time now! Ajax 4-0 Dortmund: this is becoming a rout!,1

A straight swap for Ajax now, as Berghuis is substituted and Klaassen comes on in the number 10 role.,0

ANOTHER FOR AJAX! This time Antony gets it right! The elusive Brazilian collects a flicked header from Haller on the right side of the area, stands Can up and then proceeds to whip the ball around the static German defender and into the far corner of the Dortmund net - a delicious strike! Ajax have their three-goal lead: 3-0 to the Dutch champions!,1

Rose has seen enough from Malen today, and Hazard is brought on in the Dutch striker's place. Not a happy return to his homeland for the former PSV man!,0

Conceding a free-kick in a dangerous spot, Witsel commits a clumsy foul on Tadic and receives a yellow card from the referee.,2

Alvarez receives the first yellow card of the match, for crudely bringing down Malen inside the Ajax half.,2

AJAX DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! A delightful layoff from Haller on the edge of the box highlights the Ivorian striker's link-up abilities, as he tees up Blind to thump in an unstoppable left-footed strike from 20 yards out. Dortmund are in big trouble here; Ajax are 2-0 up already!,1

After Felipe was warned for his part in an off-ball wrestling match with Morris, Sels gets booked for dissent.,2

GOOOAALLLLL LUTON TOWN!! THIS TIME IT'S FOR REAL! LUKE BERRY FOR 1-1! The substitute has scored on his 150th Town appearance. Barkley floats the corner over and Burke heads it down at the back post and Berry sweeps the ball home! It's a first Premier League goal for a man who has played less than an hour of league football this season!,1

Luton gradually work it out and move up the pitch. Ogbene looks to cook Toffolo for pace on the right. A tactical shirt pull sees him go into the book.,2

Wood's taken a knock, yet you feel he'd be off anyway. Felipe comes on as Forest potentially look to move to a back three.,0

Well, it was too good to be true. Mpanzu finally succumbs to his knock and Townsend arrives in his place. He tried his best to push through but it wasn't enough.,0

Edwards has gone for a change at the break. Woodrow emerges for Doughty. Vital goal-scoring takes the place of a provider - let's see how this goes!,0

GOOOAAALLLL FOR FOREST! Just as he did in the reverse fixture at the City Ground, Wood scores for Forest! Gibbs-White puts it on a silver platter from the right! Kaminski had no chance, as a deft right-footed touch was all it needed from a few yards out.,1

Kabore brings down the Forest danger man. Right on the edge of the D, Gibbs-White knocks it away from the Burkinabe defender. Yellow card.,2

Saka went down a moment ago but didn't need treatment. He's gone down again, and this time, the medical team does come on. He's moving gingerly as he goes off, and Smith Rowe comes on for him.,0

Tomiyasu pulled up a minute ago, and it looks like he has a problem with his calf. Arsenal are taking no chances and Soares comes on in his place.,0

West Ham are making the first change of the game here as they chase an equaliser. Lanzini is taken off and replaced by Antonio.,0

GABRIEL SCORES! Saka hangs another corner into the box and this time, it's half-cleared by West Ham. Martinelli recycles it by lifting it into the far post and Gabriel stoops to head it on goal. It's straight at Fabianski, but it hits the keeper's leg which helps it over the line. 2-1 Arsenal!,1

Bowen went down after avoiding the Ramsdale's sliding challenge, and he's booked for simulation. He doesn't have too many complaints about that though.,2

Saka tries to trip Bowen but misses, and then clips him on the back of his heels with the second attempt. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

BOWEN EQUALISES! Again, West Ham look to their right side, and this time, it pays off! Rice goes long over the top for Coufal and he brings it down before volleying a cross into Bowen. His first touch sets it up nicely for a volley, and the slightest nick off Gabriel takes it out of Ramsdale's reach and into the net. 1-1!,1

HOLDING SCORES! It's a much better delivery from the corner this time as Saka hangs it up in the middle of the box. Holding outmuscles Lanzini and leaps higher than everyone else to head it past Fabianski. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

Mazzu decides to make a double alteration as De Norre makes way for Onuachu. There are five minutes of normal time left to play.,0

Klopp opts to make a double substitution as Oxlade-Chamberlain, the scorer of Liverpool’s second goal, is replaced by Mane. There are 15 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

GOAL! Liverpool lead again! Salah shows great strength to hold off Lucumi before laying it off to Oxlade-Chamberlain. From the edge of the box, the midfielder turns and fires the ball into the bottom right corner. 2-1.,1

GOAL! Genk are level! Heynen whips a dangerous cross into the box following a corner to the left, and Samatta leaps above Milner before powerfully heading the ball beyond Alisson and into the top left corner. 1-1.,1

Lucumi picks up the first yellow card of the match after dragging Salah to the floor on the edge of the penalty area following a quick break away.,2

GOAL! Liverpool take the lead! Milner breaks away down the left-hand side of the field following a one-two with Origi before drilling a low cross into the area. Genk fail to clear their lines on numerous occasions and Wijnaldum is alert to flick the loose ball into the top left corner from close range. 1-0.,1

Conte needs to change something and he has done exactly that with two more changes. D'Ambrosio is on for Hakimi.,0

Sanchez, who many expected to start today, is on for the final stages. Martinez is the player to make way.,0

Zapata, who has twice come close to scoring for Atalanta, makes way for Muriel with 20 minutes to go.,0

Romero is cautioned for a high foot. He did not catch Martinez, but the referee is right to book the Atalanta defender.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! INTER 1-0 ATALANTA!! The visitors are unable to deal with a corner and Skriniar fires the loose ball into the bottom-left corner from eight yards to give Inter a lead they do not exactly deserve.,1

Ederson clatters into Jesus after the Arsenal striker knocks the ball away to stop City taking a quick free-kick. The City goalkeeper is shown a yellow card for his needless push.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! ARSENAL 1-0! The Emirates erupts as the Gunners fire themselves into a late lead. Partey's long ball is headed down by Tomiyasu to Havertz, who lays the ball off to the edge of the area. Martinelli races forward to curl a right-footed strike that deflects off Ake and slams into the bottom-left corner. Ederson has no chance as the City goalkeeper has already gone the other way, and Arteta's side are ahead!,1

Guardiola takes the chance to make a triple substitution. The impressive Lewis is the first to make way for the fit-again Stones.,0

Arteta does not hesitate to change things, bringing on the fit-again Martinelli for Trossard at half-time.,0

Kovacic is the next City player to go into the referee’s book after crunching through the back of Odegaard with a poor sliding tackle. The VAR has a check to see if the punishment should be upgraded to a red card, but the officials stick with the on-pitch call.,2

Silva hacks Nketiah down with a needless sliding tackle and becomes the first City name in referee Oliver's book.,2

Foden powers away from Jorginho down the left-hand side before the Arsenal midfielder drags him down from behind. The Italy international is deservedly shown the first yellow card of the match.,2

Leganes goalkeeper Cuellar is sent off for a second yellow card after being deemed to waste time by the referee. Silva takes the gloves and will finish the game as goalkeeper!,3

Vrsaljko is replaced by Saponjic on his return from injury. Atletico have made all three changes now.,0

Simeone makes a change at the break, replacing Llorente for Vitolo which will see Saul move into a more central position.,0

A poor tackle from the Leganes defender on Joao Felix after a nice bit of skill from the Portuguese striker almost had him through on goal.,2

FORSBERG!!! 2-1 LEIPZIG! That must be the winner! The visitors have stolen it right at the death! Kampl's diagonal ball is nodded across the area by goalscorer Hwang, who turns provider as Forsberg applies the finishing touch.,1

BITTENCOURT!!! 1-1! What a mistake by Upamecano! Werder send a hopeful ball forward, which Upamecano looks to cushion back to the goalkeeper. But he significantly underhits the ball and Bittencourt is quickly onto it, before rounding Gulacsi and slotting into the empty net.,1

Gulacsi is booked for time-wasting after taking a little too long before eventually sending his goal-kick downfield.,2

Kampl catches his opponent with a late challenge and can have few complaints as he goes into the book.,2

HWANG!!! 1-0 LEIPZIG! The visitors have the breakthrough! The substitute breaks the deadlock for Leipzig; reacting quickly as the ball ricocheted kindly into his path, before calmly slotting past Pavlenka from close range.,1

SUB: Martinez comes on for Gnabry in a clear sign of Hansi Flick's intentions. He wants to protect this lead.,0

SUB: Ex-Bayern man Gotze, who will leave Dortmund for a second time at the end of the season, is on for Piszczek. Can he get the leveller?,0

YELLOW: Davies cannot believe it as he is penalised and carded for a foul on the edge of the area. Kimmich halts Hakimi with a good tackle, but Reyna beats Davies to the loose ball.,2

SUB: Reyna is on for Dortmund, and there might be concern for Haaland, who makes way. The striker is moving awkwardly after stretching for a Sancho cross.,0

SUB: A double Dortmund change! And Sancho is on. It is Brandt who makes way for the winger, slightly surprisingly.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! INCREDIBLE! Kimmich! 1-0 Bayern! The visitors have Dortmund on the back foot, and Kimmich picks up possession when Davies' pass is cut out. He moves forward and, spotting Burki off his line, lifts a delicious chip over the goalkeeper into the top-left corner. Burki gets a hand to the ball but cannot turn it over the crossbar.,1

Martinez also replaces Richards at the same time. Another great performance from the young American defender who played at both left-back and right-back tonight. ,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 3-1 AND SALZBURG GET ONE BACK. BERISHA!!!! Kristensen plays a lovely ball in from the right and the German striker pounces from close range to pull one back for the visitors. There was a very long VAR check to see if the forward was offside, but the goal is given.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! 3-0 TO BAYERN. SANE!!!! Bayern take the game away from Salzburg with a lovely team goal. Lewandowski plays a ball out wide to Coman on the left who delivers a ball to the back stick at the first time of asking. Sane is charging into the box, jumps highest and slots his header into the bottom right corner of Stankovic’s net from ten yards out.,1

ROCA IS OFF!!! The central midfielder recieves a second yellow card and his marching orders for a late challenge on Junuzovic. That could be a game changer!,3

Hernandez also comes on for Pavard at the same time. The French defender is quickly pulled from the action following that late challenge from Koita minutes ago. ,0

Koita is booked for a late tackle. That’s a painful one for Pavard as Koita falls on his trailing foot after going up for an aerial challenge. ,2

GOOOOAALLLLL!!! 2-0 TO BAYERN. COMAN!!!! The German champions double their lead. Goretzka wins the ball and plays a pass out wide to Coman. The French winger comes inside from the left and shoots with his right from 25 yards out. His effort is goal bound but a huge deflection from Wober sends it past a helpless Stankovic in net.,1

Roca gets a yellow for stomping on Junuzovic's foot. The Spaniard didn't mean to but that'll be a sore one for the Austrian midfielder. ,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 TO BAYERN. LEWANDOWSKI!!!! A goal somewhat against the run of play. Muller plays a one-two with the Polish striker on the edge of the Salzburg penalty area and shoots from 30 yards. Stankovic keeps out the effort but can only parry and there's Lewandowski in the right place at the right time to convert from close range.,1

Neuer goes into the book for failing to let Berisha take a quick throw in on the right wing. The Bayern goalkeeper had raced out to clear the previously danger. ,2

Another Chelsea substitution now, with Mount coming off and he has been replaced by Kovacic, who is also passed the armband.,0

GOAL! Abraham has his hat-trick and he makes it 3-1! Superb play by Chelsea, with Hudson-Odoi brilliant down the left wing, he then plays a quick one-two with Gilmour and then squares it across to Abraham, who had a tap-in from just a couple of yards out.,1

Here is the first Chelsea substitution of the game, with Pulisic the man coming off and he has been replaced by Hudson-Odoi.,0

Luton have made a triple substitution, with Cornick the first man to come off and he has been replaced by Collins.,0

Luton have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Rea the man coming off and he has been replaced by Potts.,0

GOAL! Luton have pulled one back, it's 2-1! The visitors play it really well in the final third, with Bree getting on the ball deep down the right wing and he drills a cross into the box for Clark, who volleys it towards goal and Kepa gets a hand to it, but can't stop it from going in. The keeper should be doing better there.,1

GOAL! Another by Abraham, he puts Chelsea 2-0 up! They worked the ball really well in the final third, with James then dinking a lovely cross into the penalty area, which Abraham meets and places it into the back of the net.,1

GOAL! Abraham fires Chelsea ahead, it’s 1-0! It comes from a quick throw-in which catches Luton out at the back and Werner sprints forward, gets to the byline and then pulls it back to Abraham, who drills it into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1

GOAL! LEROY SANE MAKES IT SIX OF THE BEST FOR BAYERN MUNICH! 6-0! The former Manchester City man caps this performance with a throughball from Gnabry and just trims it past Sommer. Even with 10 men, they've still got the magic.,1

It's a red card! Kouassi is deemed to have committed an offence worth a straight dismissal and his night is over already. Bayern will finish this game a man down.,3

GOAL! IT'S A HAT-TRICK FOR ROBERT LEWANDOWSKI! 5-0 TO BAYERN! The Pole steps up, and rolls it low into the right corner as Sommer goes the other way. That's 39 Bundesliga goals - he's one away from matching the all-time record!,1

It is a penalty! Neuhaus is booked as the referee points to the spot, though it is unclear directly for what. Another chance for Robert Lewandowski now...,2

Hansi Flick rings the changes for this coronation clash now and Kingsley Coman makes way for Leroy Sane.,0

GOAL! KINGSLEY COMAN MAKES IT FOUR FOR BAYERN MUNICH! 4-0! When it rains, it pours at Allianz Arena - and the champagne football is flowing. Alphonso Davies outstrips two defenders, plays Lewandowski down the left wing. The Pole could go for a hat-trick, but instead plays it across for his team-mate, who leathers a low effort in at the far post past Sommer. Gorgeous stuff.,1

GOAL! ROBERT LEWANDOWSKI HAS HIS DOUBLE FOR BAYERN MUNICH! 3-0! A delivery that is either headed for the left post or to the Pole takes a slight deflection on the way - but it won't stop him pivoting to tuck an outstanding finish in at close-range under Sommer. Cheeky stuff. Make that 38 goals this season in the top-flight.,1

GOAL! THOMAS MULLER DOUBLES BAYERN MUNICH'S LEAD! 2-0! It's a kind deflection that ultimately takes his strike away from Sommer, but the build-up play is beautiful once again from the hosts. They are excellent value for their lead so far.,1

GOAL! ROBERT LEWANDOWSKI GETS BAYERN'S CORONATION OFF TO A FLYER! 1-0! The hosts break down the left, thread the ball through the box to the Poland star on the far side and he duly wrestles a low shot in at the opposite post. What a start!,1

While the Reds were making their change, Solbakken was receiving treatment. Not wanting to risk him, Sparta make their final change as Vydra replaces him.,0

Liverpool have had to rethink things a little here. They were going to bring off Salah, but Clark is struggling with an ankle problem. The youngster, who scored his first Liverpool goal earlier on, goes off for Musialowski, who makes his debut for the club.,0

Quansah was about to be taken off, but Sparta took their free-kick too quickly for that to happen. Quansah lunges into a challenge, and gets a booking just before he leaves the pitch.,2

GAKPO SCORES AGAIN! Tsimikas' corner is unconvincingly punched away by Vindahl, and Bradley keeps it alive just outside the box. He squares it to Elliott, who fizzes another brilliant shot. Gakpo just gets a flick on it though, and that catches out the goalkeeper and takes it into the bottom corner. 6-1 Liverpool!,1

SZOBOSZLAI SCORES! And just like in the first leg, it's 5-1 to Liverpool! The Reds have enjoyed the majority of possession from the kick-off, and Salah slides another throughball down the right for Szoboszlai. He carries it into the box before aiming a low shot across goal, but a big deflection off Krejci takes it past a helpless Vindahl and in at the near post.,1

And Nunez, who opened the scoring, goes off for Elliott, who became the first Englishman to get three assists in a single Europa League game in the first leg.,0

Unsurprisingly, given the scoreline, Klopp is making changes at half-time, with a triple substitution. Gomez is the first to go off, with Tsimikas replacing him.,0

BIRMANCEVIC PULLS ONE BACK! It's a simple goal-kick that catches Liverpool out, as Gomez's attempted clearance falls to Preciado, who coolly slots it through the middle. Birmancevic gets goalside of Quansah to reach it, and when Kelleher rushes out, the forward just slots it past him into the bottom corner. 4-1!,1

GAKPO SCORES! It's just too easy! Vitik gives the ball away, but there's no intensity from Sparta to win the ball back. Szoboszlai cuts the visitors wide open with his crossfield pass to Salah, and he squares it across the box to Gakpo, who is left with a simple tap-in. 4-0 Liverpool!,1

SALAH SCORES! Absolutely incredible! It's another gift from Sparta as they try to play out from the back once more, but get it all wrong. Zeleny is outmuscled by Clark, who pushes the defender off it, and Salah races onto the loose ball. He curls a wonderful shot across goal and Liverpool are out of sight after 10 minutes. 3-0 Liverpool!,1

CLARK SCORES! What a dream moment for the youngster! Sparta get caught playing out from the back as Salah picks off Krejci's loose pass. The Egyptian's touch takes it to the edge of the box, and Clark rushes onto it before sliding his first Liverpool goal into the back of the net. 2-0 Liverpool!,1

NUNEZ SCORES! After scoring twice in the first leg, he opens the scoring here too! It's lovely play down Liverpool's right, and Szoboszlai eventually pulls it back from the byline to pick out Nunez. He meets it first time, coolly side-footing it past Vindahl and into the near bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

GOOOAAALLL! The hosts double their lead late on, it's 2-0! Caprari with a superb free-kick, sending the ball straight into the top corner and into the back of the net. Pinsoglio was rooted to the spot, he had no chance of saving that.,1

GOOOAAAALLL! Sampdoria finally manage to break the deadlock, they lead 1-0! Defrel links up well with Gabbiadini and Defrel then shows great feet to beat his marker and slot the ball into the bottom corner, with a slight deflection taking it out of the reach of Pinsoglio and into the back of the net.,1

Sampdoria now make their final substitution of the game, with Quagliarella heading off the pitch to a standing ovation and he has been replaced by Gabbiadini.,0

Another Sampdoria substitution now, with Barreto the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Vieira.,0

Juventus have made another substitution, with Chiellini coming off and he has passed the captains armband to Dybala, with Bonucci coming on as his replacement.,0

Juventus have been forced into making a change, with Can unable to run off the injury and he has been replaced by Portanova.,0

Sampdoria make their first substitution of the game, with Ramirez coming off and he has been replaced by Caprari.,0

Sub Luiz now joins Felipe. This game has become too stop-start and SPAL are shooting themselves in the foot here.,2

A huge round of applause greets Icardi as he comes off for Gagliardini. No hat-trick for the Argentinian tonight!,0

GOAAAALLLLL!!!! SPAL 1-2 Inter - Icardi grabs his second of the afternoon and that is thanks to a beautiful finish inside the box. The striker beats the offside trap and opens his body before lofting the ball past Gomis. He made it look so simple!,1

GOAAAALLLLLLLLL - SPAL 1-1 Inter! Paloschi with one of his first touches draw his team level. His fresh legs make a huge difference as he sprints into the box and gets behind Miranda to tap home! GAME ON!!!!,1

First change of the night sees Antenucci brought off. After his penalty miss that is no surprise and he is replaced by Paloschi.,0

The referee is card happy at the minute but Vrsaljko deserves his yellow after he caught Felipe once the ball had gone.,2

Lazzarri becomes the first man into the referee's book but he does all he can to plead his innocence. However, that looked like a strong challenge in the middle of the park.,2

GOAAALLLLL SPAL 0-1 Inter! Icardi breaks the deadlock with a diving header at the near post and that is another fine example of his ability inside the box. Inter had two attemps at Gomis' goal but the second fell to Icardi who peeled away from his marker to stoop low and head home.,1

GOAL!!!!!!! 5-0 BAYERN!!!! Goretzka scores a brilliant goal from outside the box after a driving run forward. No one closed him down and he finished low into the corner.,1

Sabitzer comes on to see the game through, replacing Gravenberch. The Dutchman had a very impressive game today.,0

GOAL!!!!!!! 4-0 BAYERN!!!!!! Musiala gets onto the scoresheet with an easy finish past Voll after some good one-touch build-up play from his teammates. This game is over now.,1

GOAL!!!!!! 3-0 BAYERN!!!!! Mane makes it 3-0 to Bayern after he and Gnabry use their pace to leave the Koln defenders behind. Kimmich played a lofted pass into Gnabry, who gave Mane an open goal to finish into.,1

GOALLLLL!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!! Tel scores a well-deserved goal to end the first half! He combines well with Gravenberch, cuts inside past two players into the box, and curls the ball around Voll to double Bayern's lead.,1

GOAL!!!!!!!! GRAVENBERCH 1-0!!!!!! Bayern break the deadlock with a brilliant left-footed finish from Gravenberch. There was good build-up play but the ball was rebounded into the feet of the Dutchman and he was clinical.,1

TOMIYASU SCORES! The resulting corner causes all sorts of problems in the Sheff United box as it's flicked on by Elneny at the near post. Kiwior is on the ground which actually helps it on its way to Tomiyasu, and he readjusts quickly to volley his shot into the near top corner. 5-0 Arsenal!,1

VIEIRA SCORES! Cool as you like from the man who won the penalty! Foderingham dives to his right and can only watch as Vieira slides it straight down the middle of the goal to make it 4-0 to Arsenal!,1

He's only been on the field for a minute, but Osborn clips the back of Havertz's heels and is shown the first booking of the game.,2

The visitors are making a double change in response to that third goal. Brewster, who has struggled to get into the game, goes off for Archer.,0

HAT-TRICK! Martinelli dinks it over Bogle to pick out Smith Rowe, and United are slow to close him down. He lays it off to Nketiah, who takes on the shot from the edge of the D, firing it over Robinson as he ducks to try and block the shot. Foderingham is stretching, but can't stop it from nestling into the net. 3-0 Arsenal!,1

NKETIAH SCORES AGAIN! He won the corner which was whipped into the six-yard box by Saka. Foderingham has White and Bogle in front of him and stretches awkwardly to get a glove on it. Nketiah reacts quickly to get onto the loose ball and rifles it into the top right corner of the net. United are claiming the keeper was impeded, but after a quick VAR check, the goal stands! 2-0 Arsenal!,1

NKETIAH SCORES! The home fans were starting to get frustrated, and Arsenal do something about it! It's worked down the right, through White, Havertz and Saka, who squares it into Rice. He has a quick glance up to spot Nketiah in space near the penalty spot and curls a low cross into him. He takes it around Trusty before slotting past Foderingham. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

Doku is tripped by Endo on halfway, and the Liverpool substitute is the next player to be cautioned. Doku has caused the Reds so many problems, but City haven't always taken advantage of his electrifying play.,2

Akanji is back to his feet and will be fine to continue, as Silva talks himself into a booking, questioning the referee's decision to stop the play a moment ago.,2

City have another free-kick in a dangerous area as Matip brings his studs down on the top of Doku's foot. He is deservedly booked.,2

Klopp appears happy for Liverpool to protect what they have now! Nunez has failed to net from his team-high four shots, and he is replaced by Elliott as the Reds revert to a 4-3-3 shape.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLL! ALEXANDER-ARNOLD WITH A BRILLIANT EQUALISER! Liverpool are level with 10 minutes to play as Salah offloads to Alexander-Arnold near the edge of the City area. A run from a team-mate creates space for the right-back, who steadies himself before drilling a great strike past Ederson's dive and into the bottom-left corner! It's all to play for now!,1

The game finally has its first booking as Nunez trips Foden out on the City right, granting the hosts a free-kick in a crossing position.,2

Gakpo replaces Szoboszlai in a very attacking change for the Reds. He will play just behind the front three of Salah, Nunez and Diaz.,0

Jota is replaced by Diaz, who should be in great spirits after scoring a match-winning brace for Colombia against Brazil last week.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL! HAALAND HAS 50 PREMIER LEAGUE GOALS IN RECORD TIME! Andy Cole's record for the fastest half-century of Premier League goals falls as Haaland puts City ahead! It's a poor decision from Alisson which kick-starts the move, with the goalkeeper slicing a rushed kick out to Ake. He steps between Szoboszlai and Alexander-Arnold before finding Haaland, who makes no mistake as he finds the bottom-right corner on the turn! 1-0 to the champions!,1

It's a really poor challenge from Casemiro, who jumps into the tackle and clips Diaz on the top of his foot. He knows what's coming as soon as he looks up, and the yellow card is out again.,2

Antony was convinced that he was fouled by Robertson in that last move, and he's furious that he doesn't get a free-kick. Amrabat moves him away from the referee, but the Brazilian is still booked for dissent.,2

Mac Allister is racing away on a Liverpool counter, and Mount takes one for the team as he slides in with a clumsy tackle from behind. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

Jones leaves a leg hanging to trip Hojlund, before following up with a sliding tackle to take out Amrabat. He's shown a yellow card.,2

In the aftermath of the Liverpool goal, United are going to make their final change. The scorer of their second goal, Mainoo, is taken off, with Mount on in his place.,0

SALAH SCORES! Liverpool are back level! The Egyptian takes a long time to place it on the spot and doesn't rush it even when the referee's whistle goes. He stares down Onana for a bit longer, and he does enough as he coolly curls his shot into the bottom-left corner, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way. 2-2!,1

Onana has been pushing the limits on how long he can take over a goal-kick. The referee has had enough, and the goalkeeper is booked for time-wasting.,2

Ten Hag is already looking to try and see this win out as he brings on a defensive-minded player. Garnacho is taken off, with Ambrabat on in his place.,0

It's a late one from Kambwala as he slides in on Gomez, and he clips the substitute on the bottom of his foot. He picks up United's first booking.,2

Klopp is not happy with what he's seen from his side so far in the second half, and he's making another double change here. Nunez, who had five shots without scoring today, is replaced by Gakpo.,0

MAINOO SCORES! United have turned this game around! Casemiro acrobatically clears the ball upfield, picking out Mainoo in midfield. He helps it out to the left before getting into the box, and Wan-Bissaka plays it back to him. The youngster spins away from Jones to open up space before curling a lovely shot past Kelleher into the far post. 2-1 United!,1

Rashford does make his way straight off the pitch, though it's unclear what the injury is. Antony replaces him.,0

Liverpool are the first to make a double change. Bradley, who was booked very early on in this game, goes off for Gomez.,0

WHAT A GOAL! Fernandes equalises in style! It's United's first shot of the game, and it comes from a mistake from Quansah as he plays a loose square pass too far in front of Van Dijk. It's straight to Fernandes' feet, and he takes it first time from just inside the centre circle. Kelleher was off his line and couldn't scramble back to keep it out of the empty net. 1-1!,1

DIAZ SCORES! Robertson swings the resulting corner into the box, and it's really poor defending from United. Nunez flicks in on at the near post after getting in front of Wan-Bissaka, and Diaz is on hand at the back to acrobatically scissor-kick it into the back of the net from close range. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

After initially playing the advantage to United for a late tackle on Rashford, the referee now goes back to book Bradley for it.,2

VARDY GETS THIRD WITH THE LAST KICK OF THE GAME! The Arsenal players just seem to stop tracking the forward as he moves into the six-yard box and Leno was drawn towards the cross which left Vardy with a simple tap-in from very close range. 3-0 Leicester!,1

VARDY DOUBLES LEICESTER'S LEAD! Sokratis doesn't deal with the ball over the top and Vardy's initial chip over the goalkeeper rebounds off the crossbar and into his path. Sokratis then doesn't get off the goal line quick enough and Leno can't get a hand to block the forward's header as he fires it into the back of the net. 2-0 Leicester!,1

Pereira is shown a yellow card for a bad foul a little earlier in the play when the referee played an advantage. ,2

TIELEMANS GIVES LEICESTER THE LEAD! He waited to make his run into the box until the cross had been played to him and he was unmarked on the penalty spot as he got his head to the ball and sent his effort past Leno and into the back of the net. 1-0 Leicester!,1

Emery makes a defensive change at the start of the second half after Maitland-Niles' red card as Koscielny comes on for Iwobi. ,0

MAITLAND-NILES IS SENT OFF! His touch let him down when he received the ball and he slid in on Maddison to try and win it back. The referee is across quickly to show him his second yellow and a red card as he is told to leave the field. ,3

Castillejo is booked for recklessly running into Insigne off the ball. It’s a silly booking for the winger to pick up - especially as it will force him to miss the Juve fixture.,2

Hernandez is withdrawn as Pioli looks to avoid any unnecessary injuries. Calabria is on in his place, though he'll go to right-back and send Dalot to the left. ,0

Milan make a couple of changes as they look to freshen up the XI. First up is Castillejo, who replaces Saelemaekers.,0

MILAN DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Hernandez plays a pass into Ibrahimovic just inside the penalty area before continuing his run towards the edge of the six-yard box. Ibrahimovic’s low shot is parried well by Montipo, but the goalkeeper can only put it into the path of Hernandez, who tucks it easily into an empty net!,1

Bennacer’s overeager attempt to win possession from Lapadula gets him in hot water. It’s a yellow card for the Algeria international - the first booking of the match.,2

GREAT WORK FROM MILAN MAKES IT 1-0! Kessie and Calhanoglu work it between them in midfield before a pass to the flank for Saelemaekers spreads the play. The winger immediately puts it back in the box, where Kessie’s dummy allows Calhanoglu the space needed to dispatch a shot into the bottom corner!,1

There will be no double hat-trick for Haaland here, he'll have to settle for five goals! Alvarez is on for the final 14 minutes plus stoppage time.,0

GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLL! CITY HAVE A SIXTH! For once, it's not Haaland! Kovacic adds further gloss to the scoreline, firing home from 25 yards out! The Croatian is found by Stones and isn't placed under any pressure, so he takes a touch out of his feet before lashing towards goal. Krul sees it late, and even though it's not perfectly in the top-left corner, it whistles past him and crashes the back of the net! 6-2 to the holders, and this could get really ugly for Luton from here…,1

Mpanzu takes the place of Clark, who comes off to warm applause after scoring twice. He just couldn't keep pace with Haaland!,0

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLL! HAALAND HAS FIVE! WHAT A PERFORMANCE FROM THE CITY STRIKER! City work the ball from right to left as Matheus flicks it into Silva, and it's the Portugal international – rather than De Bruyne – who assists this one. He picks out Haaland on the left side of the box, and the Norwegian drills his effort beyond Krul at the near post! Haaland 5-2 Luton!,1

Luton respond to that fourth City goal with a change as Townsend replaces Woodrow. Surely a rescue act is beyond the Hatters now.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! FOUR GOALS FOR HAALAND, FOUR ASSISTS FOR DE BRUYNE! City restore their two-goal cushion almost immediately, and it's that duo again! De Bruyne bursts in behind with the Luton defence all at sea again. He has too much for Burke as he races into the box on the right-hand side, then he has the presence of mind to tee up Haaland for a tap-in. It's 4-2, and surely City's place in the last eight is secure now!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! GAME ON AT KENILWORTH ROAD! IT'S CLARK AGAIN! Well, well, well… do we have a cup comeback on our hands?! City are masters of their own downfall here as Ortega plays a dismal pass straight to Barkley, whose first-time shot is blocked at close range. However, Kovacic fails to clear and Barkley dinks a lovely ball over the City backline, allowing Clark to volley past Ortega when one-on-one. Out of nowhere, it's 3-2!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! WHAT A HIT FROM CLARK – IT'S 3-1! Wow. Barkley is crowded out after taking in Clark's pass on the edge of the box, so he turns and gives it back to him. Clark lets fly from all of 25 yards out, and his shot whistles into the top-right corner, giving Ortega no chance! Are the Hatters back in it?,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! NOW HAALAND HAS HIS HAT-TRICK! The Norwegian has his eighth treble in City colours, capping a brilliant first-half performance. A loose ball drops for De Bruyne just inside his own half, and he slides a wonderful pass in behind the disorganised Luton defence. Haaland bursts through before drawing Krul out of his goal and dinking a nonchalant finish over him. 3-0 and it's surely game over now!,1

Edwards has changed his mind on the Luton substitution, deciding to introduce Johnson instead of Osho. Bell hobbles off.,0

Grealish can't continue, and it's a sad sight as he sits in the dugout and pulls a coat over his face. That's a real blow for the England man. Doku is his replacement.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLL! HAALAND HAS TWO, AND IT'S ANOTHER GREAT GOAL! This time, City go route one, but it's the same result! Haaland holds off his marker to knock Ortega's long kick down for De Bruyne before immediately setting off towards goal. De Bruyne doesn't disappoint with his throughball, sending the Norwegian clear, and he blasts his finish straight through Krul and into the centre of the goal! 2-0, and it's a long way back for Luton now!,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! THAT DIDN'T TAKE LONG! HAALAND STRIKES! City look up for this one, and they need just three minutes to take the lead with a beautifully worked goal. Matheus stands up Bell in an inside-left position before playing a lovely reverse pass through for De Bruyne. The Belgian's cutback is slightly behind Haaland, but he stretches to cut his finish into the top-left corner! 1-0!,1

Amoura's game is going to come to an end here as he makes his way off with the physio. Rasmussen comes on to replace him for the last few minutes.,0

Union are making their first change of the game now. Nilsson, who set up their opening goal, is taken off and replaced by Rodriguez.,0

Liverpool's final change sees another youngster getting a chance off the bench. McConnell comes on in place of Gordon.,0

While the VAR check is ongoing, Liverpool are going to make another double change. Chambers is the first to go off, with another youngster in Scanlon coming on.,0

Sadiki can't catch up to Doak so he tugs at his shoulder. He picks up a booking that will see him miss Union's next game in Europe, whichever competition that's in.,2

Klopp is making a double change at the start of the second half, introducing a couple more experienced players. Endo is the first to go off, with Gravenberch on for him.,0

PUERTAS SCORES! Union are back in front just minutes after Liverpool's equaliser! It's another sloppy loss of possession by the Reds, and before they know it, it's in the back of the net. Amoura is hugging the touchline and squares a pacy low cross into the box. Puertas runs onto it, firing it past Kelleher with his first touch. He's deserved that goal. 2-1 Union!,1

QUANSAH EQUALISES! Out of nowhere, Liverpool are back on level terms! Jones swings a good corner into the box and it's brought down by Quansah just inside the box. He controls it with a lovely first touch before rifling it past Moris to score his first goal for the club with the Reds' first shot in the game. 1-1!,1

AMOURA SCORES! Jones is caught in possession, and Nilsson comes away with the ball, sliding it down the right for Amoura to chase. He races through Liverpool's half and into the box, taking it around Kelleher, who did get a hand to it. The keeper can't keep hold of it, and the Algerian slots it into the empty net. VAR has a check to see if he was offside, but they spot nothing wrong and the goal counts! 1-0 Union!,1

Bradley crashes into Machida in an attempt to win the ball back, and the referee shows him the first yellow card of the game for the challenge.,2

GOALL!! And just like that it's 4-2! Vinicius, perhaps the best player on the pitch, strides onto Isco's pass and slides the ball across the face for a Benzema tap-in at the back post. Madrid have established a two-goal buffer for the first time.,1

GOAAALLL!!! The captain delivers again! Ramos completes his brace and restores Madrid's advantage, staying forward following a free-kick in order to power in a header from Marcelo's cute left-sided cross. It's 3-2 and they'll want more!,1

The much-maligned Isco gets a chance to make an impact with 20 minutes to play. He's on for Ceballos.,0

GOALL!! Girona have a precious equaliser entirely against the run of play! It's all thanks to Llorente's strange decision to stick his hand up in the air, seemingly unnerved by an impending collision. Granell punishes him with an expert spot-kick and it's back to 2-2.,1

He'd barely been on the pitch for five minutes but Llorente left the referee with no choice but to award a penalty and a yellow card.,2

A warm round of applause goes up to welcome Kroos back for his first appearance since January 6. Modric is the man to make way.,0

Ramos earns a needless caution for a foul on Lozano. That's both Madrid centre-backs walking the tightrope now.,2

That's not ideal for Girona. Borja Garcia has limped off after appearing to hurt his hamstring in innocuous circumstances. Paik is his replacement in midfield.,0

Solari makes his first change of the match and it's a like-for-like swap, Llorente replacing Casemiro.,0

Eusebio isn't willing to take any risks after Alcala picked up a caution in that first half. He's replaced at the break by fellow defender Espinosa.,0

GOALLL!!! Gloriously cheeky and just so stereotypically Ramos! The captain puts his team ahead with a Panenka penalty following Lozano's foul on the influential Vinicius. Madrid lead 2-1 just before half-time.,1

Alcala clatters into Vinicius on the touchline and unsurprisingly picks up a booking. That looked like an attempt to dent the young winger's enthusiasm more than anything.,2

GOALL!! Well that didn't take long after all! Odriozola is played in behind and keeps his composure to cut the ball back for Vazquez, who makes no mistake with a simple close-range finish. Girona's lead is erased in little more than 10 minutes and it's 1-1.,1

GOAL!!! Who saw that coming?! Raul Garcia escapes down the left and curls in a fine cross that Lozano neatly tucks away. Girona lead 1-0!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! MCGOLDRICK! Sheffield United pull it back to 2-1! This is the Blades' first goal of the season and might just set up a dramatic finish... McGoldrick has the ball on the edge of the box and, with little else on, shapes a wonderful left-footed effort into the bottom-left corner.,1

Sheffield United are going for it! Basham makes way for Sharp. The service to the forward must improve, though.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! PEPE! Wonderful goal! 2-0 Arsenal! What a spell! Pepe, not long off the bench, trades passes with Bellerin down the right and drives towards the box before placing a fine low finish beyond Ramsdale, clipping the post on its way in.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! SAKA! That's more like it! 1-0 Arsenal! Saka, called up to the England squad this week, is unmarked at the back post to nod into the top-left corner after a brilliant, flowing move down the Arsenal right. Arteta fistpumps as the Gunners finally get their breakthrough!,1

Arsenal respond with a substitution of their own. Pepe is introduced in place of Nketiah, presumably allowing Aubameyang to move central.,0

The first change of the game sees Sheffield United replace one Scotland striker with another. Burke heads off as McBurnie is introduced.,0

Not great from Berge. He lunges after the ball in midfield and catches Aubameyang's ankle. It is a booking for the Blades man.,2

Calero, perhaps still feeling the effects of Fati's challenge a little earlier, is replaced by Darder.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!! BARCELONA 1-0 ESPANYOL!! Barca have the breakthrough and it is a well-worked goal for the hosts. Griezmann is played in down the left and back-heels the ball into the path of Messi, whose shot is blocked. Suarez gets on the end of the loose ball and guides it past Diego Lopez.,1

ESPANYOL DOWN TO 10 MEN! Lozano follows through on Pique and is shown a yellow card. However, like the Fati decision a couple of minutes ago, the referee checks the pitchside monitor and changes his initial decision.,3

BARCA DOWN TO 10! Both of Fati's feet are off the ground as he launches himself at Calero. He catches his opponent on the shin and is initially shown a yellow card, but the referee rightly changes that to a red when reviewing the incident.,3

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BENZEMA CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!!!!! 4-3!!!!! Benzema notches his second of the night to bring Madrid back into the game yet again. The Frenchman goes for panenka chip right down the middle of the goal and finds the net as Ederson dives early to his left. A huge goal for Madrid and yet another for the veteran forward.,1

Ceballos replaces Modric in the Madrid midfield. The veteran may just be feeling the pace of the game.,0

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SILVA SCORES A STUNNER!!!!!!!!!! 4-2 CITY!!!!!!!! The Portuguese finds the top-left corner with a stunner to restore City's two goal advantage. Zinchenko is wiped out on the edge of the box by Kroos, but the referee plays on. Silva uses the advantage to turn in space before curling a sublime strike into the back of the net with Courtois flat-footed. A huge moment in the tie.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! VINICIUS STRIKES BACK FOR MADRID!!!!!!!! 3-2!!!!! The Brazilian speeds away from Fernandinho before beating Ederson with a low finish from the inside-left channel. Fernandinho gets too tight to Vinicius, who leaves him in his wake down the left flank. No City player goes across to the forward and as a result he has time to find the back of the net with a composed finish.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FODEN SCORES THIS TIME!!!!!!! 3-1 CITY!!!!!!!!! Foden was denied by Carvajal on the line five minutes ago, but this time he finds the back of the net with an inch-perfect header. Fernandinho surges down the right flank and lifts a perfect cross into the middle. Foden drifts between Militao and Carvajal to guide his header into the bottom-right corner.,1

Stones was carrying an injury into the game and has now been withdrawn for Fernandinho, who has to slot into right-back.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA GETS MADRID BACK IN THE GAME!!!!! 2-1!!!!!!!! The Frenchman does it yet again with a brilliant finish on his left foot. Mendy floats a cross to the back post for Benzema to attack. He makes a good run and gets there ahead of Zinchenko before guiding a left-footed strike on the half-volley away from Ederson into the bottom-right corner. A sublime finish.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! JESUS DOUBLES CITY'S LEAD!!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!!! The home side are in dreamland as Jesus capitalises on a defensive mistake from Alaba and slots a close-range strike past Courtois. De Bruyne whips a cross into the middle from the left flank that Alaba looks to clear with his left foot. However, he scuffs his attempt and it falls perfectly for Jesus to turn and fire into the right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DE BRUYNE HANDS CITY THE PERFECT START!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The Belgian makes a late run into the Madrid box and plants a diving header into the bottom-left corner. Mahrez collects on the right flank and skips past two challenges after cutting inside on his left foot. He delivers a perfect cross for De Bruyne's run towards the penalty spot before the midfielder provides the finish. What a start for the hosts.,1

United make a double substitution in stoppage time with the first switch seeing Rashford replaced by Greenwood.,0

Propper becomes the fifth Brighton player to receive a booking after tugging back Lingard on the edge of the box.,2

GOOOAL! Rashford makes it 3-1 to United! Fred slides a throughball into the path of Martial who is tackled by Dunk, but the striker shows great awareness to pull it back to Rashford who sees his drilled effort crash off the crossbar and into the net.,1

GOOOAL! Dunk pulls one back to make it 2-1! Gross whips a corner delivery in from the right-hand side, and Dunk then rises above Maguire just outside the six-yard box to close the gap between the sides.,1

Williams is shown a yellow card following a late tackle on Alzate, but there will be a VAR check to assess whether it was a red-card offence.,2

Brighton are making a double substitution at the break with the first change seeing Montoya replaced by March.,0

Burn is the latest player to be booked by the referee following a late tackle on James near the United right wing.,2

Rashford is shown United's first yellow card of the match following a late tackle from behind on Montoya.,2

GOOOAL! An own goal from Propper makes it 2-0 to United! Fred whips a testing delivery into the box which Maguire manages to nod down to McTominay, but Propper pokes the ball into the net from close range before McTominay can reach it. However, there will be a VAR check before the goal is confirmed...,1

GOOOAL! Pereira makes it 1-0 to United! The attacking midfielder surges forward from deep before Stephens' intervenion helps him pick out Martial on the left-hand side of the box. The forward then bides his time before pulling it back to Pereira on the edge of the area, and he sweeps his effort into the net with a helping hand from Stephens' wicked deflection.,1

Stephens is shown the first yellow card of the match for a late challenge on Pereira inside the Brighton half.,2

GOOOOALLLL! 5-1! Luton get their consolation. At least the fans can leave with something. "We've scored a goal" rings out from the fans. Berry is the man to get it. He latches on to a Janelt mistake and rounds Flekken to soil the Bees' clean sheet and at least end this one with some sort of positive...,1

Doughty falls foul to more Mbeumo magic and challenges him from behind. Dragging him down, it's a nailed on yellow.,2

IT'S FIVE GOALS FOR BRENTFORD AND SCHADE HAS IT! Mbeumo is involved again, as Luton just haven't been able to cope with his presence in some pretty slick moves. This is just another one. He slides in Janelt and he squares it. Maupay leaves it for the German and without a Schade of a doubt... it's five and Brentford are well and truly home and hosed. Luton poor, Brentford ruthless...,1

The lively Lewis-Potter has been brilliant today, but his race is run. Schade comes on for the double-barrelled scorer. Luton have faced more than two barrels today, that's for certain.,0

Damsgaard comes off for Norgaard as Brentford look to see this one out in the final 20 minutes. Well, they could score again, but you catch my drift...,0

GOOOOAAALLLL 4-0 BRENTFORD AND IT'S LEWIS-POTTER! What feels like a flash since the last goal, Brentford have another. Yet again, that is so poor from the Hatters. Mbeumo crosses brilliantly and it's allowed across the face for Lewis-Potter to arrive at the back stick to head low. Luton may as well have statues in defence here.,1

GOOOALLLLL 3-0 BRENTFORD! It's Pinnock with the header. Morris rises and misses the ball. Osho lets his man go and a sumptuous (albeit easy) nod flies into the top left corner with Kaminski rooted. Good header, poor defending yet again from Luton today...,1

As Luton look to drive in-field, Damsgaard presents a cynical clip and goes into the book. Doughty curls it in from the left, yet Janelt clears.,2

Burke makes way for Berry, the big defender really was poor for that second Wissa goal and has perhaps paid the price.,0

GOOALLLL FOR 2-0 BRENTFORD AND IT'S WISSA AGAIN! It's squirmed home after Mbeumo drives down the right side. Burke can't get his feet right and Wissa pokes it past Kaminski who was heading the wrong way. It got a brief VAR checking for offside on the scorer, yet Luton were all at sea and remains.,1

Morris brings down Kaminski's goal-kick and turns Pinnock. The defender can't keep up and pulls the big forward down as he looks to break past the halfway line. Into the book he goes.,2

It's an end to Kabore's afternoon, as it's another Luton injury here. Onyedinma arrives to take his place in the right wing-back spot.,0

GOOOOAAALLLLL! 1-0 BRENTFORD! IT'S WISSA FOR THE LEAD! Mbeumo sees his strike partner darting ahead of his right-centre channel run. Wissa is slid in expertly and before Mengi can even get over, it's placed superbly into the top right corner!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!!! What a strike!!!! And guess who it is!!!! Pulisic cuts inside and beats one before finding Gallagher, who picks out the top corner from the edge of the box with an absolutely thunderous strike!!! What a hit, and what a way to potentially win this game, and it's all the more heartbreaking for Palace, who go 2-1 down thanks to their former loanee with mere moments left to play!,1

Kovacic is dispossessed by Mateta in midfield, but commits a foul himself by holding Olise back, by his foot, as the Palace man comes away with the ball. The Croatian international picks up a late yellow card for the foul.,2

Mount's gone close a few times for Chelsea, but he comes off now, with Christian Pulisic taking his place.,0

Palace's goalscorer Edouard comes off, and in his place comes Jean-Philippe Mateta, hoping to add a late winner to compliment Edouard's early opener.,0

Havertz also comes off, and is replaced by Conor Gallagher, who excelled on loan at Selhurst Park last season and whose qualities are well known to the home supporters.,0

Aubameyang's goal locked this game up for Chelsea, but he's off now, with Armando Broja hoping to have an even greater impact from the bench.,0

Jorginho comes off in Chelsea's first change of the match, and he's replaced in midfield by Ruben Loftus-Cheek.,0

Following a clearance, the loose ball is picked up by Doucoure, but he's shunted to the floor by Mount, and the England international is booked!,2

Clyne won't play any further part in this match, and James Tomkins replaces him. The change will likely see Ward move to right-back with Tomkins in the centre of defence.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! We are level!!! James' cross-field pass finds Silva in the box, and he heads it onto Aubameyang, who turns and fires a shot into the bottom corner, leaving Guaita with no chance!!!! 1-1, and it's a first goal in Chelsea blue for the ex-Arsenal and Barcelona striker!,1

Ayew wins the ball from Silva and looks to bear down on goal, but the Chelsea defender strikes the ball with his hand as he falls, and is booked! The Palace players think it was certainly deliberate and demand a red card, but it's just a yellow for now at least!,2

Edouard clips the heels of Fofana as he moves forward with the ball, with the Palace goalscorer picking up a yellow card for the foul.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Palace lead!!!! Edouard turns on halfway and heads for goal before finding Ayew. Wide to the right, the Ghanaian crosses into the area, where Edouard sneaks between his markers to stroke the ball past Kepa and into the top corner!!! Soft defence maybe, but a clinical finish from the Palace striker to put his side 1-0 up!,1

Mbappe clashes with Disasi on the edge of the Monaco area and goes into the book. It has been a frustrating day for him.,2

After putting in a huge shift for Monaco, Volland is given a well-earned rest by Kovac. Fode Ballo-Toure comes on in his place.,0

MARIPAN!!! 2-0 MONACO! Breathing space for the visitors! The ball breaks kindly for the centre-half, who neatly slots it into the far corner and beyond the reach of Navas.,1

DIOP!!! 1-0 MONACO! What a start for the visitors! Following a quickfire break down the left, Aguilar nods a deep cross into the path of Diop, who makes no mistake in heading past Navas from close range.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MBAPPE DOUBLES PSG'S LEAD!!!!! 2-0!!!!! The forward is clinical from close range to extend his side's advantage, although it looks to be in vain for their title hopes. Di Maria releases Mbappe through on goal and he rounds Larsonneur as the keeper commits himself early. Duverne makes a great challenge to stop his first strike, but the ball falls kindly for the forward and he gets to his feet before tapping home into an empty net.,1

Neymar is frustrated as he fails to get a decision on the left flank. He is guilty of dissent and is booked by the referee. He has to watch his temperament now.,2

EL GHAZI!!! 1-1! Villa are level! Although, Chelsea will feel aggrieved after having a man down injured. The visitors play on and El Ghazi ghosts in at the far post to meet Cash's deep cross, before slotting his volley through the legs of Mendy.,1

GIROUD!!! 1-0 CHELSEA! What a lovely goal by the hosts! The Frenchman neatly links up with Pulisic, who releases Chilwell on the left, and the striker is in the right place to head home the England international's cross at the near post.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HENDERSON MAKES IT THREE!!! LIVERPOOL 3-1!!!! The Reds are on their way to securing a huge win this evening. Henderson surely delivers the three points as he makes a run into the box and latches onto Firmino's low cross. The Liverpool skipper guides his effort beyond Gunn into the bottom corner. ,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!! A HUGE MOMENT IN THE PREMIER TITLE RACE!! SALAH SCORES ON THE COUNTER!! 2-1 LIVERPOOL!! The Reds hit the home side on the break through Salah and he runs all the way from the centre circle to the Southampton box. He has Firmino in support, but he goes on his own. The Egyptian takes on the strike and finds the bottom corner with his effort to send the away end into raptures. That could be a very important goal for Klopp's men.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KEITA EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! Liverpool are back on level terms despite not being at their best. The Reds put the Southampton goal under pressure with a series of crosses into the box. The third delivery is on the money from Alexander-Arnold and Keita rises at the back post to direct his header towards the bottom corner. Gunn gets a hand to the ball, but it's not strong enough to keep it out of the net. A vital response from Liverpool.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LONG PUTS SOUTHAMPTON AHEAD!! 1-0!!! Long converts the simplest of chances from close range to put the home team in front. Bertrand was afforded acres of room down the left flank and he floated a cross into the box. Hojbjerg headed the ball towards the penalty spot. Long, who was unmarked, took a touch before dispatching his strike low into the bottom corner. ,1

GOALLLL!!! 5-1 LEIPZIG!!! Szoboszlai gets his second of the game as he scores from the penalty spot! Flekken dives the right way but the shot is too powerful for the goalkeeper.,1

GOALL!!!! GREGORITSCH!!! Freiburg get a goal back as the striker heads the ball past Blaswich! He is completely unmarked in the box and guides Sallai’s cross into the bottom corner as the goalkeeper did not even move. It is now 4-1 Leipzig.,1

Nkunku is now shown a yellow card for failing to stand in the right place as Freiburg prepare their free-kick.,2

RED CARD! Following a trip to the VAR monitor, Gvardiol is shown a red card for a last-man challenge! This could be a lifeline for Freiburg.,3

GOALLL!!! 4-0 LEIPZIG!!! Nkunku adds a fourth goal for the away side as this game could be over before half-time! The forward is in acres of space in the box and Olmo drills the ball into him. He takes a touch before shooting past Flekken with a lot of power.,1

GOALL!!! 3-0 LEIPZIG!!! Szoboszlai gets on the scoresheet as Leipzig are running away with this game! The Hungarian international plays a give-and-go with Olmo before curling the ball around Flekken. Great football from the visitors.,1

GOALLL!!! LEIPZIG 2-0!!! Leipzig double their lead as Henrichs fires the ball home! Werner passes to Olmo, who plays Henrichs into the box with a first-time pass. The defender takes a touch before shooting with his left foot into the bottom left corner.,1

GOALLL!!! 1-0 LEIPZIG!!! Leipzig take the lead in the semi-final after Olmo heads the ball past Flekken! Halstenberg sends in a cross from the left wing and Olmo dives in front of Sildillia to win the header and find the back of the net.,1

It's 3-0 to Milan! Messias has his second of the game after a brilliant move led to Diaz laying it off to him. The winger finished low and into the far corner to surely put this game to bed.,1

Ibrahimovic, scorer of the opening goal with an exquisite free-kick, has been brought off for Pellegri.,0

It's 2-0 to Pioli's men! Messias is the goalscorer as Messias sends a header looping over Sirigu as the ball rebounded to him to double his side's advantage.,1

It's 1-0 to the visitors!!! It's a quite brilliant free-kick from Ibrahimovic as he leaves Sirigu motionless as it nestles in the right of the net to put his side in front.,1

LINGARD SCORES! It's a lovely worked goal from Manchester United as they pass it between them in the crowded Newcastle box. Pogba turns away from Almiron before sliding it through to Martial. He steps over it, letting it run through to Lingard, who takes a touch before curling his shot past Woodman. 4-1 Manchester United! ,1

Manchester United are making a double change here and Greenwood is the first to make way for Van de Beek.,0

FERNANDES SCORES! It's a great ball out from De Gea to get the hosts upfield and Greenwood picks out Pogba, who plays in Fernandes. He takes a touch to open up the space before hitting the shot from the edge of the D. It's a great effort that's just out of Woodman's reach and he makes it 3-1 Manchester United! ,1

Newcastle are making their first change now and it's the goalscorer, Manquillo, that's being replaced by Murphy.,0

RONALDO SCORES AGAIN! Shaw had so much space through the middle when he was picked out by Pogba and drives forward before slotting it through to Ronaldo. He stayed onside before pulling away from Hayden and he sends his shot through Woodman's legs and into the back of the net. 2-1 Manchester United! ,1

Pogba turned with the ball but landed on Longstaff's foot in the process and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

MANQUILLO EQUALISES! It's another great counter-attack from Newcastle, with Almiron picking it up on the halfway line and driving forward. He picks out Saint-Maximin, who touches it onto Manquillo and he fires his shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-1! ,1

RONALDO SCORES! Greenwood cuts inside from the right before drilling a low shot towards the near post. Woodman is behind it but he spills the ball and it bounces straight into Ronaldo's feet. He taps it in from very close range to break the deadlock. 1-0 Manchester United!,1

WHAT A GOALLLL!!!! NAPOLI 1-1 INTER - Eriksen comes alive at the right moment to drag his team back into the contest. The Denmark international pounced after a clearance from the Napoli defence, and he met the ball with pace and power. His technique was inch-perfect, with the former Spurs man keeping his shot low to give Meret no chance. GAME ON!!,1

Third and final change for Eibar sees De Blasis take the place of Kike, who earns a deserved rest and a standing ovation from the home fans.,0

First change of the game for Eibar sees Enrich, scorer of the game's second goal, replaced by Charles.,0

GOOOOOOAL! 3-0 Eibar! Unbelievable! Cucurella is again involved as he plays a dangerous cross into the middle that Enrich pokes towards Kike, who taps home into the empty net.,1

A forgetful incident for Odriozola as he also sustained an injury and has his place taken by Carvajal.,0

GOOOOOAL! 2-0 Eibar! Kroos plays a cross-field pass over the top of his own defence to Odriozola and Cucurella quickly steals possession, then feeding the ball to Enrich who takes one touch before firing an attempt past Courtois that bounces in off the post.,1

Bale is furious after colliding with Cote and earns a booking from the referee for dissent after directing his fury towards the officials.,2

Jordan becomes the second Eibar player to be booked in a matter of minutes after fouling Kroos in midfield.,2

GOAL! Eibar hit Real Madrid on the counter and Cucurella cuts a pass back across goal to Kike. His poked effort at goal is saved well by Courtois but Escalante bundles the loose ball home. There's a long delay for a VAR check but a goal is eventually awarded.,1

Cedric catches Young with a late boot to send him tumbling to the deck. The full-back goes into the book and hands Villa a free-kick in a threatening position.,2

Xhaka goes into the book for a challenge and then shove on Buendia after losing possession on the edge of the Villa box.,2

Mings lunges in on Saka in the middle of the park and catches the winger later. Arsenal react furiously and want a red card. However, referee Andy Madley takes his time and brandishes only a yellow.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SAKA BURIES A LOW STRIKE!!!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!!!!! The Gunners take a deserved lead as Saka connects with a strike on the half-volley and beats Martinez. Saka starts the move with an offload to Cedric down the right flank. He angles a cross into the box that is deflected out to Saka on the edge. The winger connects first-time and his left-footed drive travels through a crowd of players and past Martinez.,1

Arsenal make their final substitution of the game. It's a straight swap at right-back with Tomiyasu replacing White.,0

Martinelli has a goal to his name and is now making his way off the pitch. Vieira, who started against Sporting, gets a chance in the Premier League.,0

After getting three assists to his name, Trossard is replaced. Jesus makes his first appearance since before the World Cup.,0

Pereira has had a bright second half but has been unable to get a goal or an assist to his name. Wilson is given the final 14 minutes to make an impact.,0

Odegaard is the first Arsenal player to receive a yellow card after a tactical foul on the edge of the box.,2

Arsenal make their first change of the game with Zinchenko coming off. Tierney is given some rare minutes at left-back.,0

GOALLLL! 3-0 ARSENAL! It must be game over now! Martinelli slides the ball down the left side of the box with Trossard rushing on. Getting to the byline, he chips a cross to Odegaard, who chests it down before curling the ball into the bottom corner.,1

GOALLLLL! MARTINELLI SCORES! 2-0 ARSENAL! Arsenal have dominated the game and now have their second goal. Xhaka feeds the ball to Trossard who twists onto his left foot to get past Tete before crossing towards Martinelli. The winger gets in front of Robinson and puts his header into the net. That's his third goal in his last three away games.,1

GOALLLL! GABRIEL SCORES! 1-0 ARSENAL! This one will count and Arsenal have the lead through Gabriel. Trossard's inswinging corner is met by the defender who powers his header from close range past Leno. That's his third goal in four appearances against Fulham.,1

GOAL! BREST 2-4 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Di Maria finally sees off Brest after a fast counter-attack! Brest's corner comes to nothing and PSG find themselves three-on-one. Hakimi floats a pass to Di Maria who dinks the ball over Bizot from outside the box.,1

Icardi, meanwhile, trudges off for PSG after taking a slight knock in the run-up to Mounie's goal. Kalimuendo-Muinga comes on for him.,0

GOAL! BREST 2-3 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Faivre beats Hakimi to send a dangerous cross in from the left. Mounie controls the ball with his chest and rifles it past Navas.,1

GOAL! BREST 1-3 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! A fantastic Gueye goal surely seals the win for PSG. Brest clear PSG's corner but the visitors regroup and Gueye belts an powerful shot towards the top left corner from way out. Bizot gets a hand to it but is unable to stop it from going in.,1

Mbappe gets a yellow card for the challenge. The France star looks perplexed. Honorat soon gets to his feet.,2

Verratti's cynical challenge earns him a yellow card. PSG plead his innocence but the referee disagrees.,2

GOAL! BREST 1-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Mounie scampers down the left and waits for support. The forward lays off to Faivre who finds Honorat racing into the box to his right with a lovely backheel. Honorat fires low across Bizot and into the far bottom corner.,1

GOAL! BREST 0-2 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Kehrer's header down in the box is hit on the volley by Wijnaldum into a Brest defender. The ball rises nicely for Mbappe who races onto the scene to power a header past Bizot.,1

GOAL! BREST 0-1 PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! Mbappe's high cross is headed out as far as Herrera who smacks it opportunistically on the half-volley from range. The shot catches Bizot off guard and bounces into the net. It's a tame opener for Brest to concede.,1

The referee has no choice but to caution Kaba after the Lecce midfielder pulls on the shirt of Milik to stop the striker's progress on the left flank.,2

GOOOOOOOOALLLLL! JUVENTUS MAKE IT 3-0! The Bianconeri are coasting back towards the Serie A summit after further extending their lead over Lecce. Iling-Junior delivers a wonderful whipped free-kick from a wide position, teasing a cross towards the six-yard area. Bremer comes steaming in, leaping well above anyone else to thump a header past the helpless Falcone. Another set-piece goal for Juventus, and more such woes for D’Aversa’s side.,1

Cambiaso, who teed up Vlahovic's opener, comes off after a positive showing. Alex Sandro is the man introduced on the left of Juve's defence.,0

Kostic also gets a rest after working hard down the left-hand side, with Iling-Junior on in his place.,0

Another fine outing comes to an end for Yildiz, who is replaced by Milik up top. The striker will partner Vlahovic as the Serbia international searches for his hat-trick.,0

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 2-0 JUVENTUS! Kostic receives possession on the right-hand side, cutting inside and delivering an inswinging cross towards the far post. McKennie is unmarked and heads across goal, beating Falcone before Vlahovic taps in on the line to claim his second goal of the game. The Juventus midfielder may have wanted it to go down as his, but will no doubt be happy to celebrate with his team-mate regardless.,1

At the same time as Dorgu's introduction, Lecce also introduce Pierotti for Oudin. The young Argentinian comes on for his Serie A debut.,0

D'Aversa has decided action is needed after Vlahovic's opener, bringing on Blin for Gonzalez, who has been quiet in midfield.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! JUVE 1-0! Vlahovic goes into double figures on the scoring charts in Serie A this season with the opening goal against Lecce. Yildiz is initially denied by Falcone, who palms away to his right. Cambiaso keeps the chance alive, crossing towards the back post for Vlahovic, whose left-footed volley bounces against the ground and finds the top-left corner. It is fortunate for the Serbia international, but he will not care!,1

Allegri signals his attacking intent with the first change of the game, sending on Weah for Miretti, who was poor at times in the first half with numerous errors.,0

McKennie is shown the first yellow card of the game for smashing into Gonzalez with a late challenge. The Juve midfielder stays down clutching his face, as does the Lecce man, after a brutal collision between the pair.,2

Liverpool are level!!! Diaz is the scorer, though his effort from 25 yards out takes a wicked deflection off Bentancur. He cut onto his right before firing at goal, and his shot comes off Bentancur's leg and wrongfoots Lloris, nestling into the bottom corner to make it 1-1.,1

Spurs take the lead!!! Son is the scorer, after a brilliant move from the visitors. Kane drives towards goal, before laying it to his left to Sessegnon. The young winger keeps his composure to pull it back to Son in the middle, who strokes it into the back of the net to make it 1-0.,1

Davies is the first player to go in the referee's book, after dragging down Salah as Liverpool looked to counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! BURNLEY PULL ONE BACK! Cornet makes it 3-1 in stoppage time! Villa switch off at the back and Burnley capitalise on the counter-attack, with Cornet finding himself through on goal with just Martinez to beat and he rounds the keeper and then fires the ball into the back of the net.,1

The home side make their third and final change of the game, with Barnes heading off and on comes Pieters.,0

Brownhill is booked after he catches Buendia late, after the Villa man flicked the ball away from him in the nick of time.,2

Villa make their first change now, with Chambers the man coming off and he has been replaced by Chukwuemeka.,0

GOOOAAALLL! VILLA HAVE A THIRD! Villa counter quickly and open Burnley up at the back, with McGinn finding space down the left wing, before whipping a superb cross into the box for Watkins, who powers a header into the back of the net. They lead 3-0!,1

GOOOAAALLL! VILLA DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Buendia makes it 2-0 just after the half an hour mark, to finish a lovely move by the visitors. Watkins picks up the ball inside the box down the left, he plays a one-two with Ings, before Watkins feeds Digne on the overlap and the left-back then picks out Buendia, who slides it into the back of the net. It takes a slight deflection off Tarkowski in the process.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Digne after he dives into a tackle with McNeil and catches him quite high with the follow through.,2

GOOOAAALLL! VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! Ings scores against his former club to make it 1-0! The striker once again sneaks in behind the Burnley defence as Buendia slides a lovely ball through to him and Ings races onto it and then fires it past Pope and into the back of the net.,1

Haller gets into a dangerous position on the edge of the box and Skriniar is forced to bring the Frenchman down and picks up a yellow card for that foul.,2

Palencia picks up a late yellow card after cynically bringing down Vecino on the halfway line as the Inter midfielder looked to break.,2

Frankfurt make their final change of the game as Palencia comes on to replace Rode. Only a few minutes left to play.,0

Inter make their final substitution of the match as Politano makes way for Merola. As it stands, Frankfurt are still going through with this 1-0 scoreline.,0

Inter make their second change of the match as they look to make something happen in the final exchanges. Valero is replaced by Esposito.,0

The away side make their second substitution of the match as Willems makes way for Stendera. There is less than 20 minutes left to play.,0

Rode picks up a yellow card after blocking Vecino as the midfielder looked to break for Inter from deep inside their own half.,2

Frankfurt are forced into their first change of the match following that injury to Gacinovic. The Serbian midfielder is replaced by De Guzman. It remains 1-0.,0

Haller goes into the book after going in late on De Vrij deep inside the Inter half. Free-kick to the hosts.,2

Valero is shown a yellow card after sliding in from behind and cynically bringing Jovic to the ground on the halfway line as the Serbian looked to break. The Spaniard has no complaints with that decision.,2

D’Ambrosio picks up the first yellow card of the match after going over the top of ball and catching Gacinovic rather later. He cannot have too many complaints with that one.,2

GOAL! Jovic gives Frankfurt the lead! A hopeful long ball forward is missed by De Vrij who makes a real mess of heading the ball back to his goalkeeper and Jovic nips in to take the away from the Inter defender on the right side of the penalty area. Handanovic rushes out to close down the Frankfurt striker, but Jovic calmly lifts the ball over the top of the Inter goalkeeper and into the top left corner. 1-0.,1

Bennacer is shown a yellow card for clattering into Hjulmand during an attempt to win the ball back just outside Lecce's penalty area.,2

On-loan from Milan, Colombo's match comes to an end without a goal for Lecce. Persson is selected to replace him for his Serie A debut.,0

THE CAPTAIN LEVELS THE GAME! 2-2! Pobega’s cross to the far post is met by Giroud despite having a defender on either side. The France international nods it forward to Calabria, who finds himself inside the penalty area to tuck it home!,1

Calabria lunges into a sliding challenge right on the outside of the penalty area and takes Gallo down, earning a yellow card in the process. The Lecce supporters are all convinced the foul happened inside the 18-yard box but referee Daniele Orsato is adamant it’s just a free-kick.,2

MILAN STEAL ONE BACK! 2-1! The visitors receive a bit of fortune as Diaz’s shot is not dealt with cleanly by Falcone, who allows the chance for a rebound on the penalty spot. The Milan number 10 gets to the loose ball and pokes it to the left wing for Leao, who takes a touch and curls a low, accurate shot that beats the goalkeeper!,1

IT’S A SECOND FOR LECCE! UNBELIEVABLE! 2-0! This time the Giallorossi get their short-corner routine perfect, with Strefezza initiating the move by finding Hjulmand on the edge of the penalty area. His cross finds the leaping Baschirotto inside the penalty area, where he tucks his header away coolly!,1

GOALLLL!!! 2-1 MILAN! Ibrahimovic scores from inside the six-yard area with a scissor kick back over his shoulder into the bottom corner! Initially, De Maio had done well to hook Rebic’s cross into the air before the Swedish striker provided the acrobatic finish past Musso from close range.,1

Okaka, who perhaps could have had a penalty in the first half, is brought off in place of fellow striker, Lasagna.,0

Arslan, who was booked in the first half, is replaced by Makengo as Gotti makes his first change of the game.,0

Tonali is the first substitute of the game as he comes on to replace Bennacer in the middle of the park.,0

After conceding the goal Donnarumma is booked for dissent towards the officials as he is clearly still unhappy with the original penalty decision.,2

GOALLL!!! 1-1! Donnarumma dives the right way to his right but it isn't enough as De Paul slots the penalty into the top corner with his right foot.,1

Arslan is the next booking of the first half after fouling Bennacer just to the left of Udinese's area. Perhaps that one is a tad harsh as Arslan had protection behind him and did look to have won it fairly.,2

Becao becomes the second caution of the game after going in late on Calhanoglu near the centre circle.,2

GOALLLL! 1-0 MILAN! Ibrahimovic does well to bring down Bennacer’s cross, holds the ball up and then rolls in Kessie on the edge of the area. He runs onto the pass before slamming into the top of Musso’s net, via the crossbar.,1

Hernandez receives the first booking of the game after mistiming a slide tackle on Pussetto on the right-hand side.,2

Jensen has been a threat with his throw-ins and corners but is now on his way off. Yarmoliuk is given the final few minutes to impress.,0

Roerslev cannot continue after picking up an injury a couple of minutes ago and is coming off for Ajer, who is tasked with helping the Bees defend their lead.,0

Brentford make two late substitutions. Lewis-Potter will be disappointed that he failed to score from one of his three shots. He is replaced by Dasilva.,0

Brentford make their first two changes. Damsgaard has been energetic in the midfield and is given a rest. Baptiste is on in his place.,0

Brentford are on their way to their first win in six Premier League outings. Frank wants to protect their lead, so is making a defensive change. Reguilon is on for his debut and replaces striker Maupay.,0

GOALLLL! MAUPAY SCORES! 3-2 BRENTFORD! The Bees take the lead for a second time! Toney switches the ball over to Roerslev on the right, who takes his time before curling a cross towards Maupay just inside the box. He twists past a defender to make space before blasting his effort into the bottom-right corner. There is a VAR check for handball against the striker, but the goal stands.,1

GOAALLLL! WOOD SCORES! 2-2! What a response from Forest. Danilo battles well to retain the ball outside the box before rolling a pass into Hudson-Odoi. He shifts possession onto his right foot and curls a cross into Wood, who gets into the middle and heads his downward effort into the bottom-right corner.,1

Nuno has seen enough and has decided to make his first change. Yates rushes off the pitch and is replaced by Williams, who will take a more advanced position than usual.,0

GOALLL! MEE SCORES! 2-1 BRENTFORD! The Bees come from behind to take the lead. Jensen's inswinging corner from the right is met by Mee, who rushes towards the near post and powers a header into the top-left corner.,1

Danilo goes into the book after a late tackle on Collins. The referee allowed the game to continue before going back to book the Brazilian when the ball went off the pitch.,2

GOALLLL! TONEY SCORES ON HIS RETURN! 1-1! It really couldn’t be anyone but Toney to score for the Bees! He has a free-kick just outside the box on the right and goes low with his effort, curling the ball into the bottom-right corner. There was a large space left by the Forest wall and he makes the most of it!,1

Mangala is the first player to go into the book after dragging back Damsgaard on the edge of the box. Toney is over the free-kick.,2

GOALLLL! DANILO SCORES! 1-0 FOREST! What a start for the Tricky Trees! Brentford have had most of the possession, but it has been in their own half. Janelt's sliced clearance on the edge of the box is headed away by Mee, with the centre-back playing it straight to Danilo. The Brazilian then takes a touch off his thigh before volleying the ball beyond Flekken.,1

GOALLLLL!!!! 3-3 TROSSARD HAT-TRICK!!! Trossard scores his third of the game to equalise for Brighton. Mitoma sends a cross across the box, Welbeck leaves the ball to Trossard to shoot and Alisson cannot keep the ball out of the net.,1

GOALLLL!!! 2-2 FIRMINO!!! Firmino equalises for Liverpool with his second goal of the day. Liverpool’s front three counter-attack with Diaz dribbling forward on the left side. He plays the ball to Firmino, who chops past Dunk and finishes into the bottom corner.,1

GOALLL!!!!! 2-1 FIRMINO!!! Firmino pulls one back for Liverpool after he reacts quickest to a poor touch from Salah. Game on!,1

GOALL!!!! 2-0 TROSSARD!!! Trossard scores again to double Brighton’s lead! Alexander-Arnold makes a mistake in his own half and gives the ball away. Caicedo finds March on the edge of the box before the ball is played to Trossard. The winger fires past Alisson across the goal.,1

GOALLLL!!! 1-0 TROSSARD!!! Brighton take the lead away at Anfield after Trossard picks up the ball in the box, sends Alexander-Arnold the wrong way and finishes low into the bottom right corner past Alisson.,1

Everton bring on the former Spurs man Alli, who receives a warm reception. Calvert-Lewin goes off. The Toffees can't risk him chasing after this lost cause.,0

Tottenham substitution. Son gets an early rest with the game all but over as a contest. Bergwijn replaces him.,0

Everton make a substitution to bolster their left side, which Spurs keep cutting open at will. Van de Beek goes off. The Ukrainian left-back Mykolenko comes on. Everton have switched to 3-4-3.,0

GOAL! TOTTENHAM 5-0 EVERTON! Things are going from bad to worse for Everton as Kane grabs his second goal of the game. Doherty's throughball makes its way all the way through to Kane who fires into the far bottom corner from the left of the box.,1

Spurs make another change with the win surely already wrapped up. Romero looks unhappy to be replaced by Sanchez at centre-back.,0

GOAL! TOTTENHAM 4-0 EVERTON! Tottenham extend their lead almost straight from the kick-off! The hosts burst forward down their right and Kulusevski fires into the centre. The ball bypasses Kane and is fired home by Reguilon at the far post!,1

Everton also make a change. Keane, who had a nightmare of a first half, goes off. Branthwaite comes on.,0

GOAL! TOTTENHAM 3-0 EVERTON! This is quickly becoming a rout. Lloris' long kick forward is collected by Kulusevski and passed to Son. He lays off to Doherty who slides Kane one-on-one with Pickford. The England captain enters the box and makes no mistake, slotting into the bottom left corner.,1

Romero's booked for his forceful challenge on Richarlison. Everton have a free-kick from the left of Spurs' box.,2

Sessegnon loses the ball to Gordon who dashes forward. Son tracks back to bring the winger down and is booked.,2

GOAL! TOTTENHAM 2-0 EVERTON! Everton are facing an uphill struggle already! Spurs' front three combine to present Son with a shot inside the box and the South Korean confidently fires past Pickford. It's Kulusevski who makes the final pass.,1

RONALDO MAKES THE DIFFERENCE AS JUVENTUS OVERTURN THE DEFICIT! 2-1! Incredible! Rabiot charges forward down the left and launches a cross to the far post for Ronaldo, who turns it home from an acute angle! Scuffet really should have done better at the near post as the visitors take the lead!,1

Rabiot is sent on for McKennie, as the Juventus midfield receives an injection of fresh legs with six minutes left. ,0

De Paul is booked for the handball which has provided Juve a chance to draw level in the late stages of the match! ,2

Arslan was booked earlier in the match and with that in mind, he’ll be removed with 18 minutes remaining. Forestieri is his replacement.,0

Confirmation of the change, as Bernardeschi is withdrawn for Kulusevski. He’s had a very poor match, failing to contribute anything of note from that left wing.,0

Pereyra is booked for kicking Cuadrado in the face during an attempt to control a bouncing ball in front of the Juventus winger. He’ll have no complaints about the card.,2

Arslan is shown the first booking of the match for a lunging tackle on Cuadrado to end a Juventus counter-attack. ,2

MOLINA GIVES UDINESE THE LEAD! JUVENTUS CAUGHT NAPPING! De Paul takes a free-kick outside the penalty area short to Molina before the Juventus defence could set themselves to defend the set-piece. Without anyone set, Molina steals into the area and blasts a shot high into the roof of the net! 1-0 to the hosts!,1

After running himself into the ground for Salzburg, Sucic is now given a rest and replaced by Capaldo. ,0

This is an injury that could change the game. Adeyemi limps off the pitch and he is replaced by Sesko.,0

RED CARD! After being shown a second yellow card, Jordan is now making his way around the pitch with his head in his hands. He pulled back Adeyemi, who was trying to launch a counter-attack for Salzburg. ,3

Referee Slavko Vincic took his time, but he decided that the challenge on Ulmer from Jordan was worthy of a yellow card. ,2

GOAAALLL - SALZBURG 1-0 SEVILLA - Lift-off for Salzburg, who move one step closer to qualification as they take the lead on home soil. Matthias Jaissle's outfit carved through the Sevilla defence, with Adeyemi collecting possession on the edge of the box. After a free-flowing move, his cross picked out Okafor, who opened up his body before side-footing his shot past Bounou.,1

For the second time in five minutes, Augustinsson fouls Adeyemi, and he is shown a yellow card for a blatant block near the halfway line.,2

RONALDO SCORES! It's a great cross in from Fred on the left which Ronaldo cushions down for Lingard. He does brilliantly to touch it back towards Ronaldo, and he hits it from a very tight angle on the right of the box. Rulli gets a hand to it, but can't stop it from finding the top corner. 2-1 United! ,1

Another double change for United here, and it looks like Telles was just struggling with an injury, so Fred is on to replace him.,0

Pogba is also coming off, which will see Ronaldo move out onto the left wing so Cavani can play through the middle.,0

Albiol has just gone down off the ball here, and it looks like his game is over because of a muscle injury. He goes straight off and is replaced by Mandi.,0

Telles slides in late on Pino and gets nowhere near the ball as he takes the forward out. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Greenwood takes one for the team as he tugs Dia back to stop his run and his name is taken by the referee.,2

Pino just clips the back of Telles' heels as he closes the left-back down and he's shown a yellow card.,2

TELLES SCORES! Fernandes takes the free-kick on the edge of the box on the right and pulls it back for Telles, who is hovering just outside the area. He lets it drop and hits it sweetly on the volley, curling it through the crowd and into the bottom corner. 1-1! ,1

Greenwood is tripped by Trigueros and Villarreal aren't happy with the free-kick that's given. Moreno kicks the ball away and is booked for dissent.,2

Villarreal are making the first change of the game here as the goal scorer, Alcacer, goes off for Dia.,0

ALCACER SCORES! Danjuma gets away from Dalot down the left again and the right-back can't intercept the pass into him. He pulls it back for Alcacer, who sticks out a leg to poke it past De Gea and into the back of the net. 1-0 Villarreal! ,1

ABRAHAM!!! 3-0 CHELSEA! The Blues have been knocking on the door and they have their third goal! Good link-up play down the right sees James deliver a delicious cross, which Abraham turns home from inside the six-yard box.,1

WERNER!!! 2-0 CHELSEA! Same side, same result for Werner as he doubles his and Chelsea's tally! The German sends his penalty high into the roof of the net and the Blues are cruising here.,1

RED CARD FOR DALBERT! Rennes are down to 10 men as Dalbert is shown a second yellow card for that handball incident. It appeared harsh in all fairness.,3

Ziyech is booked for bringing down Dalbert, who was threatening to burst into the penalty area from the left flank.,2

Kante is shown a yellow card for kicking the ball away after Zouma was penalised for dragging down Giurassy.,2

GOAL!!! 1-0 CHELSEA! Werner steps up and although Gomis gets a hand to his penalty, the power takes it beyond the Rennes goalkeeper. The Blues lead at Stamford Bridge.,1

UNITED MAKE IT TWO! 2-0! Lingard dispossesses Schmeichel on the edge of the area and proceeds to take a touch before rolling it into an empty net!,1

Evans is shown a straight red after taking a heavy touch and diving in with a dangerous lunge on McTominay.,3

Albrighton is replaced by Gray as Leicester make a triple substitution to try and turn this game around.,0

FERNANDES SCORES! 1-0! Fernandes confidently steps up and buries the penalty into the bottom left corner to hand Man Utd a critical lead!,1

Neres is booked for his overly eager attempts to get the ball back and return to the centre spot. Benfica have salvaged some pride, but Inter's Champions League progression is about to become official...,2

GOAAAL! It's 3-3 as Musa hammers home! Benfica can't salvage the tie, but they have levelled this second leg! The visitors work a left-wing corner short, and Neres gets to the byline to cut back for the substitute Musa, who swivels and fires in the equaliser! Benfica's Champions League campaign is about to end, but they will at least avoid suffering a fourth successive defeat in all competitions.,1

Joao Mario lifts a wild effort well over the crossbar as his final contribution before being replaced. Schjelderup comes on for Benfica.,0

GOAL! Benfica get a consolation through Silva! Grimaldo whips the free-kick towards the far post, where Silva meets it with a glancing header to find the top-left corner. This is surely too little, too late for the visitors – it's now 3-2 at San Siro, and 5-2 on aggregate!,1

GOAAAAAAL! INTER HAVE ANOTHER AS CORREA STRIKES! There's no catching the Nerazzurri now! Moments after replacing Martinez, Correa has scored a stunner! The Argentine dances past Otamendi on the left-hand side of the area before whipping a brilliant effort against the far post and in! It's 5-1 on aggregate, and the Nerazzurri are running riot!,1

Martinez is the first Inter player to make way, doing so to a standing ovation. The Argentine has been terrific here, and given he was one of several Inter players at risk of a suspension, withdrawing him makes sense. Correa replaces him.,0

Calhanoglu is the final Inter player to come on, replacing Barella, who scored the opener in brilliant fashion.,0

Dzeko would also have missed any semi-final first leg with a booking here, but he avoided being cautioned. Lukaku replaces him in attack.,0

GOAAAAAAL! MARTINEZ PUTS INTER 2-1 AHEAD! That is surely that for the tie as Martinez puts Inter 4-1 up on aggregate! Dimarco combines with Mkhitaryan on the left and breaks to the byline, crossing low for Martinez to finish into the roof of the net from just a couple of yards out! A Milan derby in the Champions League semi-finals surely beckons now!,1

Rafa becomes the first player booked as he cynically stops an Inter counter-attack, chopping Mkhitaryan down.,2

Schmidt turns to his bench as Benfica seek goals. Neres replaces Gilberto in an attacking switch, which could mean a change of system.,0

GOAAAAAL! BENFICA LEVEL! 1-1, 3-1 ON AGGREGATE! Benfica get themselves back in the tie through Aursnes! Rafa picks up possession on the right flank and opts to swing a cross towards the back post, where Dumfries fails to track Aursnes. The Norwegian rises to power a header beyond Onana and into the top-left corner, and out of nowhere, this second leg is all square!,1

GOAAAAL! BARELLA PUTS INTER 1-0 UP! WHAT A FINISH! The Nerazzurri have a 3-0 aggregate lead as Barella finds the top-left corner! Martinez breaks through midfield and tees up Barella to his right. The Italy international feints to shoot with his right foot before cutting inside and bending a brilliant left-footed effort high into the net!,1

Lacazette is withdrawn for the closing stages due to an apparent head injury. He is replaced by Nketiah.,0

Rashford's final act is to miss the target with his strike. Greenwood replaces the England man on the right flank.,0

Wan-Bissaka brings down Cedric on the charge after a one-two with Willian. The United full-back heads into the book.,2

McTominay is forced off with his stomach complaint and is replaced by Martial. It results in Pogba dropping back alongside Fred.,0

Cedric collides with Fernandes, who hits the deck. The Arsenal man is booked for his challenge and a melee with his compatriot after the fact.,2

Jack Cork's on at the death for Burnley in place of centre-back Ekdal, but you get the feeling that the Clarets will throw absolutely everyone forward in a bid to re-gain the two points they look set to drop.,0

VAR had a good look at the goal, but judge that Trafford ran into Adebayo rather than being deliberately impeded. The Burnley keeper's not happy with that, and his protests to the referee earn him a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! It's a leveller for Luton!!! Doughty is left in yards of space and fizzes another threatening cross right into the centre of the box. Trafford comes for it, but runs into the back of Adebayo, leaving the skies free for Morris to jump and head into the empty net!!! The home crowd and players alike are fuming, but the goal is given and it's 1-1 at Turf Moor!,1

Luke Berry is on late as Luton throw the dice trying to get back into this game, and he'll replace Lokonga in the middle of the park.,0

Odobert has similarly run Luton ragged at times throughout this game, and Jacob Bruun Larsen is on for the final few minutes in place of the Clarets' wideman.,0

Amdouni's goal remains the difference well into the final 10 minutes at Turf Moor, and that'll be his defining contribution as Mike Tresor comes on to replace him.,0

Another change coming in the final third for Luton, as Carlton Morris enters the fray in place of Clark. He'll likely form a front two with Adebayo, and that should provide the Hatters with a bit more impetus in the box.,0

The first change of the game sees Townsend withdrawn for Luton, and on comes Tahith Chong to replace him.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! First blood to the Clarets! Burnley break at speed as Foster charges through the middle before finding Odobert to his left. The winger beats his marker and cuts the ball back into the area, where Amdouni pops up at the far post to stroke it home!! 1-0 to the hosts, and that could prove to be a huge goal in Burnley's fight to claw themselves out of the bottom three!,1

GOALLL!! 2-1 INTER!! MARTINEZ!! Inter take the lead as Martinez scores his second of the game! He is played into a good position by Dzeko and shoots across goal. His effort deflects over a helpless Carnesecchi, who could only watch it go over him.,1

GOALL!! 1-1 INTER!! MARTINEZ!! Martinez scores an equaliser for Inter with an instinctive finish! A deep corner is volleyed toward goal by Dzeko but Carnesecchi makes a good save. The rebound falls to Martinez who reacts quickly to level the game.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!! 1-0 CREMONESE!! OKEREKE!! Cremonese score against the run of play to take the lead as Okereke scores a wonderful goal. He cuts inside from the right side of the box and curls his effort toward the far post. The ball hits the underside of the bar and goes in, leaving no chance for Onana to stop it.,1

GOAL! PEPE DOES IT AGAIN! Arsenal turn it around in stoppage time. Pepe steps up for the second time, this time just outside the area and he bends it right into the top-left corner. Perfection.,1

Pepe wins a free-kick from Tapsoba in pretty much the same position he scored from a few minutes ago, and the defender is booked for tripping him. It's a little bit further out than the last one, but a similar angle.,2

GOAL! Arsenal are level again, Pepe delivers! He steps up to take the free-kick over on the right and bends it left-footed inside the far bottom corner, with the goalkeeper clearly not expecting it. Great hit.,1

A bad night for Lacazette comes to an end, as he's replaced by the record transfer Pepe. He's still looking for a goal from open play this season.,0

Lacazette gets booked after having a strop at the referee. He thought he was fouled as he looked to chase a ball over the top, but he wasn't.,2

Goalscorer Edwards goes off to be replaced by Pereira. The former Spurs man will be happy with his shift tonight.,0

Lacazette goes down holding his face after a coming-together with Garcia, who gave him a little forehead bump in the aftermath. Naughty from Lacazette, who looked as if he'd been punched to the ground, but Garcia gets booked.,2

GOAL! Vitoria lead again, Duarte finishes superbly! Davidson robs Maitland-Niles but looks to have taken the wrong option as he shoots left-footed from the edge of the area. He hits the far post and it rebounds to Duarte, who does really well to power it past Martinez first time.,1

Agu flicks the ball round the corner for Almeida to drive at the defence, and Mustafi sees yellow after being dragged towards the ball and being forced to pull Almeida back.,2

GOAL! Arsenal are level, Martinelli scores again! It's a simple goal, Tierney loops in a lovely cross from the left and Martinelli meets it in a central position ten yards out, planting a header inside the left post.,1

GOAL! Vitoria lead 1-0, it's the former Spurs man Edwards! It's a brilliant goal, Garcia gets away from Tierney down the right and finds Edwards in the penalty area. He collects the ball cleanly, turns away from Tierney and finishes right-footed through Martinez' legs.,1

With the points almost under wraps, Klopp now makes another change: Henderson replaces Bajcetic in midfield.,0

SALAH SEALS IT! That's 2-0 to Liverpool, and surely game over! Soon after they take the lead, the hosts combine through a sharp exchange of passes from Gakpo and Tsmikas on the left, and the latter then surges to the byline to cut the ball back for Salah in the centre. He makes no mistake from close range, prodding the ball home for the Reds' second goal of the game!,1

Having just set up what could well be the winning goal, Jota receives warm applause upon his withdrawal; Gakpo comes on to replace him.,0

LIVERPOOL LEAD! At the second attempt, Van Dijk puts the Reds ahead! After his initial attempt is saved by Sa at close range, Jota battles to keep the ball in play and turns it back into the Liverpool captain's path. He then nods it into an empty net! That's 1-0 to the home side, and they are finally in front!,1

Having spoken out of turn following the Nunez 'goal', Wolves skipper Neves is the latest player to have his name taken by the referee.,2

A 50-50 challenge with Lemina in midfield results in Fabinho stepping over the ball and onto his opponent. Despite his protestations, the Liverpool man is booked.,2

It is Lopetegui who makes a half-time change - his second substitution of the match - as Sarabia is replaced by Traore for the second half.,0

Just before the half-time whistle, a rather reckless sliding tackle by Sarabia on Tsimikas results in a booking for the Spain international.,2

Having raised his boot in a midfield contest with Bajcetic, Semedo becomes the second player to see yellow today - and perhaps rather harshly so.,2

A clumsy trip on Matheus sees Bajcetic receive the game's first yellow card, for trying to halt Wolves' counter-attack.,2

Lodi lunges in on Ziyech and brings down the winger. He goes into the book and Chelsea have one last chance to send a cross into the box.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! AURIER SMASHES HOME AN EQUALISER!!!!! 1-1!!!!! Forest have a deserved equaliser as Aurier buries a strike on the half-volley. Gibbs-White lifts a corner into the box from the left flank and that pinballs around the six-yard box. Boly rises highest to knock it down towards Aurier, who seizes on the chance with a brilliant finish on his right foot.,1

Yates pulls back Zakaria as he tries to advance on goal and goes into the book. Zakaria is not happy and tells the Forest skipper about it before being pulled away.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! STERLING SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!! Sterling is on the spot in the six-yard box to hammer home on the rebound after Boly flicks the ball onto his own bar. Pulisic raids down the left flank and delivers a dangerous cross towards Havertz. Boly flicks it away from the forward, but it loops back onto the Forest crossbar. The rebound falls kindly for Sterling to smash past Lodi and into the top-right corner with Henderson stranded.,1

Another Arsenal man-of-the-match contender is withdrawn, as Smith Rowe rests for the final few minutes and Tavares is brought on for a brief cameo.,0

Though his intensity naturally dimmed after a brilliant first half, Saka comes off to be replaced by Maitland-Niles.,0

Xhaka cannot recover from his collision a couple of minutes earlier, so Sambi Lokonga comes back into the Arsenal midfield.,0

SPURS HAVE ONE BACK! Ramsdale finally concedes his first goal in an Arsenal shirt, as former Sevilla players Gil and Reguilon combine on the left to feed Son, whose deflected shot from the centre of the box nestles in the top corner of the net. Is there still time for a comeback? Arsenal 3-1 Spurs!,1

Ndombele has been unable to make an impact in midfield today, so Gil is thrown on for the final 20 minutes.,0

The first yellow card of the game comes far later than many would have expected, as Skipp goes into the book for a clumsy tackle on Partey 30 yards from goal.,2

Another anonymous display from Alli sees the Spurs midfielder replaced by Skipp, who will sit deeper alongside Hojbjerg.,0

ARSENAL IN DREAMLAND! Saka somehow bundles through the sliding challenges of several Spurs defenders - including the back-tracking Kane - and threads a low right-footed shot past the grasping hand of Lloris. Sensational stuff at the Emirates! Arsenal lead 3-0 before the break: Spurs look broken.,1

A SECOND FOR ARSENAL! Brilliant stuff from Smith Rowe, after Xhaka releases the young forward on the left and he skins Sanchez; cutting back for Aubameyang to fire high into the Spurs net. A rapier counter from the Gunners, who have been irrepressible to this point. Arsenal 2-0 Spurs!,1

ARSENAL LEAD! The Emirates goes wild, as Saka pulls off a step-over on the right to beat Reguilon; his low cross finding the on-rushing Smith Rowe, who strokes the ball coolly into an unguarded net. Arsenal are 1-0 ahead! It is no more than they deserve.,1

Having put Arsenal 5-0 up, Havertz receives a standing ovation from the away end with his game over. Smith Rowe also receives warm applause as he makes his return from injury.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! IT'S FIVE FOR ARSENAL!!! Havertz is the scorer, and it's quite some goal too as he chases onto a throw-in before charging into the box. He nips the ball through the legs of Odobert to put himself in on goal, before lofting a cool finish into the back of the net to make it 5-0 to the Gunners!,1

With the three points surely in the bag, Arteta finally decides to make some changes with the Porto game on his mind. The first sees Trossard make way for Nketiah.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! TROSSARD MAKES IT 4-0!!! Having gone close on a couple of occasions in the last couple of minutes, Trossard finally gets his goal. Kiwior floats a cross into the middle, and while Havertz can't make the most of it, the ball eventually comes out to Trossard, who smashes into the bottom corner to surely put Arsenal out of sight.,1

Taylor makes his return from a shoulder injury that has seen him not play since January 5, coming on for Esteve.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! SAKA SCORES AGAIN!!! He scored a double in the romp over West Ham last week, and the Arsenal youth product has done the same here to tighten his side's grip on the game even further. Odegaard does brilliantly to receive the ball and turn before laying it to his right for Saka. The winger is forced onto his weaker right foot, but it hardly looks like that as he crashes a finish past Trafford and into the back of the net. 3-0 to Arsenal!,1

Saka petulantly kicks the ball away after being penalised for a foul, receiving a booking for his troubles.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! SAKA SCORES FROM THE SPOT!!! It's not the best of penalties from the winger, who looks to place it into the bottom right corner. Trafford dives the right way and certainly has a chance of getting there, but he is just a little late with his reaction and the spot-kick finds its way into the back of the net. 2-0 to the Gunners!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! ODEGAARD SCORES A STUNNER!!! It didn't take long for Arsenal to take the lead as they catch Burnley out. Rice has far too much space, striding forward before laying it to his left for Martinelli. The winger does well to cut the ball back for Odegaard just outside the box with the help of a deflection, and the Gunners' captain takes a touch before rifling into the bottom corner. 1-0 to Arsenal!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! AUBAMEYANG CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!! 2-0!!! The Gunners surely secure their place in the fourth round now as Aubameyang slots his strike past Dubravka from close range. Xhaka sends Tierney down the left inside channel and he puts the ball on a plate for the Gabonese to place his left-footed strike into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SMITH ROWE PUTS ARSENAL AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The midfielder produces a composed finish to stroke his effort past Dubravka into the bottom-left corner. Clark makes a mistake at the back for the visitors and Smith Rowe pounces. He plays a one-two with Lacazatte before placing his effort into the back of the net.,1

Smith Rowe lunges in on Longstaff and is initially given a red card due to the reaction of the midfielder. The referee is instructed to look at the screen at the side of the pitch by VAR. The official rescinds the red and hands the Arsenal man a yellow card.,2

Murphy replaces Krafth for the visitors. An attacking move by Bruce to add an additional player in the final third.,0

Ritchie replaces Lascelles at the break. Dummett will slide across into the centre of the defence, while Ritchie slots in on the left.,0

Cedric pulls back Almiron and goes into the book. It presents Newcastle with a chance to knock a cross into the Arsenal box.,2

Laguardia brings down Griezmann and the centre-back becomes the fourth Alaves player to get booked at the Metropolitano.,2

Burgui is taken out by Montero while on the ball, and the substitute defender is the fifth Atletico player to be cautioned by referee Hernandez.,2

GOOOAAALLLL! RODRIGO MAKES IT 3-0! Another Atletico break results in Vitolo breaking into the box, but he’s unable to get a shot in before Correa forces Pacheco to make a point-blank save! However, the unmarked Rodrigo is in acres of space and comfortably knocks the ball into an empty net! Game, set and match for Simeone’s men!,1

GOOOAAALLLL!! GRIEZMANN DOUBLES ATLETICO’S LEAD! The pacy striker is put through on goal after a pinpoint throughball by the substitute Vitolo, and despite Laguardia’s touch forcing the ball onto the post, Griezmann is able to slot the ball into the back of the net at the second attempt! 2-0 to Simeone’s men, and the Metropolitano is now rocking!,1

Abelardo makes his second change of the match as their creative hub Ibai surprisingly comes off for Burgui.,0

Arias barges into Jony as he chases the Alaves forward, and he becomes the sixth player to get booked by referee Hernandez.,2

Abelardo makes his first change during the interval, as Baston comes on for Wakaso in a like-for-like midfield swap.,0

Navarro is shown the game’s fifth booking after complaining to the referee about Kalinic’s foul, protesting that the striker should’ve been shown his second yellow.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!! KALINIC GETS ATLETICO THE LEAD! Lemar switches the ball out wide to the overlapping Arias, and the right-back’s cross is bundled into the back of the net by an onrushing Kalinic! 1-0 to Los Rojiblancos, and they are now level on points with league leaders Barcelona!,1

Correa’s late challenge on Calleri earns in the Atletico winger a yellow - the fourth one given in this match so far.,2

Pina becomes the third player booked - and Alaves’ second in two minutes - after a high foot takes down Saul.,2

It’s a nasty challenge by Calleri as he goes studs-up on Lucas’ ankle as they go for the same ball. Referee Hernandez doesn’t hesitate to book the forward.,2

Kalinic gets the game’s first booking after his flailing arm hits Navarro in the face. A bit of a fiery start at the Metropolitano, with several fouls by both teams already being committed.,2

Inter make their third and final change, with Politano's assist being his last contribution to the match. Candreva takes his place.,0

GOOOOOAL! 3-0! Keita gets his second! Politano surges into a central position and pokes a pass through to the Senegal international, who makes no mistake with his finish by slotting past Sportiello.,1

Pinamonti has struggled to make an impression against his parent club and is replaced by Campbell in Frosinone's final change.,0

Inter make their first change of the match by replacing Nainggolan, who has only just returned from injury, with Mario.,0

GOOOOOOOAL! 2-0 Inter! Just as it seemed Frosinone could have a chance! Keita fires a brilliant delivery into the middle that Martinez meets with his head, sending a fierce effort flying into the bottom corner beyond the reach of Sportiello.,1

Frosinone make a change in midfield as Cassata, who was booked in the first half, is replaced by Gori.,0

Beghetto blocks the run of Politano and earns a yellow card as the Inter man looked to burst down the right side into space.,2

GOOOAAL! 1-0 Inter! The hosts quickly win the ball back and Martinez cleverly flicks the ball on to Keita, who twists and turns into a shooting position before drilling home at the near post to score his first goal since arriving on loan from Monaco.,1

Crisetig earns an early yellow card for a foul on Politano, which hands Inter the chance to put Frosinone's defence under threat from a set-piece.,2

GOAAALLLL!!!! Hrosovsky pulls a goal back for Plzen and it is now 2-1. The Plzen midfielder followed his pass into the box and he was then given the chance to slot past Navas which he took with both hands.,1

GOAAAALLLL MADRID 2-0 Plzen - Marcelo is the man of the moment and he points to the club's crest as he wheels away in delight. The Brazil international worked a one-two on the edge of the box before chipping the ball over Hruska.,1

GOAAALLLLLL MADRID 1-0 Plzen!!! Benzema opens the scoring thanks to a fine header at the far post. The Frenchman stayed onside and peeled away from the last defender before slotting the ball past Hruska.,1

Meunier is now shown a yellow card and the referee has been busy tonight. However, he has handled the game well and deserves praise!,2

HAT-TRICK for Mbappe!!!! CLUB BRUGGE 0-5 PSG - The World Cup winner has totally changed the game and made it look like a walk in the park. He only stepped off the bench 30 minutes ago, but he breaks the home fans' hearts. Di Maria again sliced open the defence with a magical pass, and Mbappe stayed onside before finding the back of the net with a left-footed finish.,1

SIMPLY BRILLIANT!!!! CLUB BRUGGE 0-4 PSG - Mbappe gets his second after a fantastic move, and he has Di Maria to thank after a tremendous pass. The winger played him into a great position, but he still had to round two defenders and Mignolet before finding the far corner.,1

Rits shows his frustration after flying into a tackle he was never going to win. The result is a yellow card and he cannot complain.,2

As always Herrera has worked tremendously hard, but he now gets a rest as Diallo steps off the bench.,0

Icardi's night is done and he could well win the Man of the Match award. Two goals and now he can rest!,0

GOAAAALLL CLUB BRUGGE 0-3 PSG - Two goals in two minutes has given PSG the advantage they need, and they once again prove how clinical they can be. The home side fail to clear their lines and Mbappe gets to the byline before crossing for Icardi who does really well to adjust his body and fire past Mignolet from close range. Simply brilliant from the strike duo!,1

GOAAALLLLLLL CLUB BRUGGE 0-2 PSG - Mbappe pops up at the right time to head home and surely put the tie beyond the home side. PSG worked their way into the box and Mignolet did well to save a shot, but all he did was palm the ball to Mbappe who nodded home. ,1

Youngster De Ketelaere has been superb tonight considering his lack of experience but his night is over, on comes Okereke.,0

Youngster De Ketelaere has thrown himself about tonight, but this time it is a step too far. He smashes into the back of Verratti, and the referee has no choice but to show him a card.,2

GOAAAALLLLL CLUB BRUGGE 0-1 PSG - Silva carves open the home defence with a cross-field pass, and he picks out Di Maria. The winger takes a couple of touches before firing a pass towards Icardi, and the striker fires the visitors into the lead with a half volley.,1

DESTRO! 1-1! Genoa equalise as Destro beats Tomori to meet Zajc's corner and head it beyond a motionless Donnarumma from five yards!,1

REBIC! 1-0! Theo curls a free-kick into the wall and it falls to Kalulu, who chests it out towards Rebic on the edge of the box, where the attacker swivels before firing a powerful half-volley across Perin and into the top corner!,1

Verbruggen goes into the book for timewasting, with Brighton desperately trying to hold onto their lead.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL 3-2!! Forest pull one back! Gibbs-White dispatches his penalty into the bottom corner, sending Verbruggen the wrong way. There was plenty of pressure on the midfielder after a long delay. Cooper’s side are back in it!,1

Dunk is given his marching orders! Seconds after Anthony Taylor gave him a yellow, the Brighton defender receives a red! Dunk must have said something that the referee wasn't happy with.,3

Cooper makes an attacking change as Forest search for a goal. Hudson-Odoi comes on in place of Danilo.,0

GOOAAAALLL!! 3-1 BRIGHTON!! Joao Pedro steps up to the plate and places his penalty into the bottom corner, sending Vlachodimos the wrong way. The Brazilian grabs his second goal of the game! Cooper’s side have it all to do in the second half.,1

Toffolo goes into the book for a dangerous challenge on Buonanotte and Brighton now have a free-kick.,2

Lallana is taken off at half-time as Brighton make their third change of the game. Buonanotte is the player to come on in his place.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! 2-1 BRIGHTON!! Gross is fed the ball on the right-hand side and Forest fail to apply the pressure on him. His cross flies towards the back post and Joao Pedro rises above Aina, powering his header into the bottom corner, leaving Vlachodimos with no chance. The Seagulls have turned the game around!,1

Lamptey is the second Brighton player to suffer an injury in the first half. De Zerbi is forced into another change, with Hinshelwood entering the fray.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!!! 1-1! Brighton equalise! Forest look to break as Danilo sends a ball towards Gibbs-White, but Gilmour intercepts. He passes it wide to Gross who fires it into the feet of Ferguson. The Republic of Ireland striker takes one touch before curling his strike beyond Vlachodimos and into the bottom corner. What a finish!,1

Fati can no longer continue as he hobbles off the pitch after his injury. Joao Pedro comes on in his place.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! 1-0 FOREST!! Gibbs-White burst down the right-hand side with Brighton failing to come out and press the attacking midfielder, and he stands up a cross towards the back post. Elanga arrives unmarked and powers his header beyond the goalkeeper. Cooper's side have an early lead!,1

Verratti does see a card, but it's not for Mauricio. It's for the PSG player for speaking out of turn.,2

That's Neymar's last act of the game for PSG. Rafinha takes his place for the last few minutes but PSG look to be home and dry now.,0

Marquinhos is shown a yellow card for giving the referee too large a piece of his mind about that decision.,2

Kehrer's booked for a poor challenge on Fofana. It's getting tense as we enter injury-time. There'll be four minutes of it.,2

Lens make yet another change to chase the game with PSG managing to lock things down. Jean is on for Michelin.,0

Sotoca was the culprit of that Lens foul, stepping on Pereira's foot before giving the ball away. The referee wisely gave PSG the advantage before brandishing a card.,2

Kalimuendo's game is also over. The Frenchman's not had the best time in front of goal here. Banza comes on for him.,0

Medina gets the game's first yellow card for that foul. It's been a combative game but not a dirty one.,2

GOAL! PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN 2-1 LENS! Lens halve their deficit straight away! Clauss bombs down the right and reaches the byline. Kalimuendo fluffs an ambitious effort with his back to goal but Ganago is there to bundle it in from close range!,1

PSG immediately make some changes with their Champions League game next week in mind. Herrera replaces Sarabia first.,0

GOAL! PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN 2-0 LENS! PSG can breathe a little now. The hosts force a corner down their right. Neymar's delivery is perfect and Marquinhos arrives late to nod it into the bottom left corner.,1

GOAL! PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN 1-0 LENS! Neymar gives PSG the lead! Medina dawdles with the ball near his own area and promptly loses it. Neymar races onto Draxler's quick pass and finishes coolly past Farinez.,1

GOOOAL! 4-1!! A consolation goal for Burnley from a corner, as O'Shea's jumps the highest to head the ball into the back of the net. A great goal, but unfortunately for them, it is too little, too late.,1

Southgate, are you watching? Great performance from Gordon as he makes way for Ritchie in the closing stages of the game.,0

Substitution for Burnley as Brownhill is replaced by Amdouni. He is on a yellow card, so it's just about keeping all 11 on the pitch in the final few minutes.,0

More fresh legs as Isak is replaced by Almiron. With the Sweden international in touching distance of the golden boot, and this game a perfect chance to score more, should Howe allowed Isak to play the 90?,0

Minutes after coming on, Anderson is booked for elbowing Vitinho. The Newcastle player was unlucky there, as he was stronger trying to get forward, and there was nothing malicious intent.,2

It was a double substitution for Newcastle, as two-time assister Murphy is replaced by Anderson as Eddie Howe brings on some fresh legs for the final 20 minutes.,0

Substitution for Newcastle before the corner is taken as Barnes replaces Wilson. He scored the first goal, and caused Burnley a lot of trouble in front of goal in that first half.,0

Change in midfield for Burnley as Bruun Larsen is replaced by Gudmundsson with under half an hour remaining.,0

GOOOOOAL! He scores this time. Murphy passes the ball into the middle of the box, and finds Isak, who controls the ball, and finds the back of the net. It's the Swedes 20th Premier League goal of the campaign. A calm finish from the forward who redeems himself following his saved penalty. Newcastle lead 4-0.,1

PENALTY FOR NEWCASTLE!! Gordon is brought down by Brownhill. It has gone from bad to worse already, five minutes into this second half. Brownhill is booked for Burnley.,2

GOOOOAL! Rampant Newcastle are destroying strugglers Burnley. The Clarets have collapsed, and the Magpies are running riot. It's Guimaraes now putting his name on the scoresheet, as another cut-back, and another clean strike, finds the back of the net. Newcastle lead 3-0 away from home.,1

A foul from Esteve on Wilson sees the Clarets defender in the box, as Newcastle win a corner. The last thing the hosts want to go is give away sloppy set pieces and go three behind here.,2

GOOOOOAL! Longstaff scores after Murphy cuts the ball back and finds him in space in the middle of the box. Burnley are being punished here, but Newcastle are clinical and heading for a place in the top six.,1

GOOOOOAL! They only need one chance. Callum Wilson finds the back of the net, after the original shot from Isak is saved, but Wilson cannot miss as he has a tap in and finds the back of the net. It is his seventh career goal against the Clarets, as he scores in back-to-back games.,1

Early booking for Callum Wilson for simulation, after diving for a foul in the box. Despite getting up and continuing with play, Taylor has deemed that as a bookable offence.,2

SHEFFIELD UNITED MAKE IT THREE! 3-0! The hosts find an opportunity to counter-attack as Mousset races in behind the Chelsea backline, before cutting it back into the six-yard box, where Rudiger can only clear it straight to McGoldrick, who pounces to fire in from close range and grab his second of the day!,1

Pulisic makes way for Giroud after a muted display - especially compared to his fine form in recent weeks.,0

McBurnie is replaced by Mousset up top after a brilliant, tireless display that was capped off by a booming header for the hosts' second goal.,0

Berge makes way for Lundstram as Sheffield Utd search for more energy to consolidate their midfield.  ,0

SHEFFIELD UNITED GET A SECOND! 2-0! The hosts get their reward for another fine cross as Stevens rushes forward on the overlap, before whipping in a brilliant delivery to the near post, where McBurnie is on hand to thump a header past a motionless Kepa!,1

SHEFFIELD UNITED TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Chelsea repeatedly fail to clear it away from their box, allowing Baldock to clip in a precise cross towards McBurnie at the back post, who powers a volley at goal that Kepa can only push into the path of McGoldrick, who gleefully taps it in from close range!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! PALACE 2-3 CHELSEA!! It is game on again at Selhurst Park! Van Aanholt gets to the ball ahead of Christensen and spots Benteke alongside him, setting the Belgium striker up for a simple finish.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! PALACE 1-3 CHELSEA!! That should do it! Abraham comes off the bench to give Chelsea some breathing space with an impressive finish. Fellow substitute Loftus-cheek lifts the ball into his team-mate's path and Abraham threads it into the far corner.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! PALACE 1-2 CHELSEA!! WHAT A GOAL! Zaha picks up the ball a good 30 yards from goal, brings it forward slightly and belts a wonderstrike past Kepa. The Chelsea keeper perhaps could have done more to stop it, but my word that is quite some strike from Zaha.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! PALACE 0-2 CHELSEA!! A thumping finish from Pulisic gives the visitors a two-goal lead. Willian exchanges passes with Giroud and plays in Pulisic to his left. Ward shows Pulisic down the line but the angle does not matter - the American hammers the ball past Guaita at his near post before he can even react.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! PALACE 0-1 CHELSEA!! Cahill pulls up down the Palace left and Willian is left in all sorts of space to pick out Giroud on the edge of the six-yard box. The Frenchman sweeps the ball into the far corner to give Chelsea an early lead.,1

GOOALLLL! ANGERS BRING A GOAL BACK! Buffon saved the initial attempt from Tait, but the ball bounced right back to the feet of the penalty taker and the Angers man did not miss twice. Can the hosts bring this match level late? Angers 1-2 PSG,1

PENALTY! Kanga let the ball roll past him, shielding Marquinhos and the PSG captain hacks down the Angers man from behind... AND IS SHOWN RED! PSG are down to 10 men!,3

Di Maria is replaced by Draxler who, it should be noted, is in the second worst goal drought of his career (19 matches without scoring).,0

GOOALLLL!!!! PSG DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! Neymar dribbled into the penalty area before chipping a lofted ball to Di Maria who headed the ball right down the centre of the goal which was vacated by a diving Butelle. It felt like another goal was coming from the visitors, and it did indeed come. Angers 0-2 PSG,1

GOAAALLL!!! Neymar manages to direct the ball past Butelle at the bottom-right corner with a terrific diving header! Great cross in from Dani Alves as well as he had both Di Maria and Neymar to aim at before picking out his Brazilian compatriot for the opening goal! Angers 0-1 PSG,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! DAVID LUIZ MAKES IT 5-0!! A routine Willian corner finds a David Luiz in the Huddersfield box, and he is able to get a powerful header in on goal that Lossl is unable to get a firm hand on following a wicked deflection off Kachunga!,1

Diakhaby, who was the visitors’ brightest attacking outlet before fading in the second half, comes off to be replaced by Pritchard.,0

Hazard is denied the chance to get a hat-trick, but earns himself a deserved standing ovation from the Stamford Bridge faithful as he comes off to be replaced by Hudson-Odoi.,0

GOOOOAAALLLL!! HIGUAIN MAKES IT 4-0 TO CHELSEA!! Hazard cuts inside and feeds the ball to Kante, who passes it first-time to an unmarked Higuain who curls in a splendid effort that Lossl simply had no chance of stopping!,1

Grant makes his Huddersfield debut, coming on for Billing in Siewert’s second substitution of the match.,0

GOOOAAALLLL!!! IT’S A BRACE FOR HAZARD!! Not long after Barkley’s chance, the midfielder plays the Belgian in with a quick pass towards the box, and Hazard leaves the Huddersfield defence trailing before rounding Lossl and slotting the ball inside an empty net! It’s now 3-0 to Chelsea, and they are running rampant in the Bridge!,1

GOOOAAALLL!! HAZARD MAKES IT 2-0!! The Belgium winger makes no mistake from the spot as he scores his 11th Premier League goal of the season!,1

Mbenza is unable to carry on, and Mounie is brought on in his place in a like-for-like swap up front.,0

GOOOAAALLLL!!! HIGUAIN BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!! The new arrival bags his first Premier League strike following more Chelsea pressure in the Huddersfield half, and he gets on the end of Kante’s brilliant throughball before slotting it past Lossl! 1-0 to the Blues, and it has been coming!,1

Rodri goes into Tierney's book for stopping a United break cynically. United load the area from the free-kick, but Akanji and Haaland combine to clear.,2

Grealish is withdrawn by Guardiola as City look to shore up their backline. Ake enters the action for the closing stages.,0

McTominay replaces Lindelof as United go for broke. Varane will be left to defend against Haaland on his own.,0

Ortega is booked for taking his time over a City goal-kick. Guardiola's men will be looking to manage the next 10 minutes or so wisely.,2

Fred finally gets the booking he has escaped on multiple occasions, tripping Grealish to stop a dangerous City counter-attack.,2

Weghorst replaces Sancho for United. That may signal a more direct approach as the Red Devils hunt another equaliser.,0

Guardiola responds to United's improvement with a change. De Bruyne is taken off after registering two assists, with Foden coming on.,0

Ten Hag makes the first change of the final. Garnacho replaces Eriksen in a positive alteration. Fernandes will likely assume a more central role now.,0

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL! GUNDOGAN GETS ANOTHER! 2-1 TO CITY! De Bruyne lifts the free-kick to the edge of the D, where Gundogan is waiting unmarked. He doesn't strike his left-footed volley as cleanly as his opener, but it squirms beyond De Gea's dive and into the bottom-left corner! It's a brace for the City skipper in the FA Cup final!,1

Wan-Bissaka takes Grealish down with a late challenge on the United right and gets the first yellow card of the game. He completely mistimed that tackle.,2

GOOOOAAAAAAL! FERNANDES LEVELS IT UP! 1-1! United's stand-in skipper strokes the ball into the bottom-left corner, sending Ortega the wrong way! Out of absolutely nowhere, United have equalised at Wembley!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAL! GUNDOGAN PUTS CITY AHEAD IMMEDIATELY! WHAT A START! De Bruyne battles for a long ball upfield and the ball drops to Gundogan 20 yards out. The City midfielder sets himself and lashes a brilliant volley into the top-right corner, giving De Gea no chance and sending the blue side of Manchester wild! 1-0!,1

Baba is shown a yellow card for a high foot on Diaz and Madrid have a final opportunity to deliver a cross from a set-piece.  ,2

Vinicius has looked like Madrid's most exciting player so far, but he's tired in the last ten minutes and he's replaced by Diaz.,0

Odriozola is sent off for a second yellow card! Madrid have it all to do now: the right-back threw himself into a dangerous challenge to stop a breakaway, and despite claims that he took the ball, the referee doesn't hesitate to send him off. ,3

Jovic - who's been largely anonymous up top - is replaced by Valverde as Madrid search for fresh ideas going forward. ,0

Sastre is replaced by Agbenyenu at right-back, perhaps owing to the booking he picked up against the lively Vinicius. ,0

MALLORCA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! The hosts break suddenly creating a three-on-three, where Lago picks up possession on the left flank and jinks inside Odriozola, before whipping a curling shot into the far corner from the edge of the box!,1

Svanberg has had a good match but he’s replaced with 10 minutes remaining as Vignato gets a chance to make an impact.,0

CUADRADO DOUBLES THE LEAD! 2-0! It’s a magnificent hit from the full-back, who receives the ball on the right wing and drops his shoulder to get past Svanberg before firing a shot that takes a deflection on it’s way past Skorupski!,1

Dominguez's actions invites players from both Bologna and Juventus to meet at the spot of the foul for a bit of a confrontation. McKennie gets involved in a shoving match with Medel and will also receive a yellow. ,2

There’s a bit of pushing and shoving on the pitch as Morata goes down under the weight of a Dominguez challenge, which prompts the Bologna midfielder to give the striker a shove and an earful. It’s a booking for Dominguez as he is unable to keep his temper in check.,2

JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Bernardeschi takes up a position on the right edge of the penalty area and slips an incisive pass between the legs of Theate. Morata latches onto the ball and fires a first-time effort high into the roof of the net!,1

Inter make two changes. Sanchez gets an early rest after a good game. The Lazio loanee Correa takes his place up front.,0

Empoli make a few changes, surely knowing that the jig is up. Mancuso replaces the ineffectual Cutrone first.,0

GOAL! EMPOLI 0-2 INTER! It's been coming, and that, you have to say, is that. Martinez beats his man down the right-hand channel to centre the ball. Dimarco arrives at the far post to finish from close range.,1

Brozovic lands his name in the book for tripping Bandinelli on a foray forward. The Empoli man goes down inside the box but the contact was just outside it so it's only a free-kick. Brozovic is a lucky man.,2

RED CARD FOR RICCI! Inter see the corner out and immediately burst forward. Ricci slides in high on Bastoni and leaves the defender crumpled in a heap. The referee shows no hesitation in dismissing him as Martinez expresses his condolences.,3

GOAL! EMPOLI 0-1 INTER! Sanchez is impeded once more by Luperto. Inter keep the pressure on from the free-kick and the Chilean finds D'Ambrosio who's in the centre of the box to head in!,1

The Empoli fans are in fine voice at Stadio Carlo Castellani. They share their disapproval as Luperto is booked for tugging Sanchez when the Chilean beats him for pace.,2

De Vrij receives the game's first yellow card for handling the ball. Empoli will get the chance to test Inter from another free-kick.,2

GOAL! 5-3 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool counter-attack in breathtaking style as Chelsea fluff the free-kick. Robertson bursts down the left and crosses low. Jones wisely leaves it for Oxlade-Chamberlain who side-foots it into the net. ,1

Gomez gets the first yellow card of what's been a relatively good-natured game for checking Pulisic down the left.,2

Salah's number is up and the Egyptian looks disappointed not to have scored in this game. He'll cheer up when he lifts the Premier League trophy shortly. Oxlade-Chamberlain replaces him.,0

GOAL! 4-3 CHELSEA! Is a Chelsea comeback on here? Hudson-Odoi hangs the ball up for Pulisic. Pulisic takes his time with his back to goal and swivels to blast a shot into the top right corner.,1

This is a sentimental change by Liverpool. Keïta is replaced by Jones. It's Jones' fifth league appearance of the season, which qualifies him for a Premier League winners' medal.,0

GOAL! 4-2 CHELSEA! What a game this is turning out to be. Abraham scores seconds after coming on, slotting home from a few yards out after a mesmerising dribble by Pulisic.,1

Lastly, Mount is replaced by Hudson-Odoi. Pulisic will go left and Hudson-Odoi will go right of Abraham.,0

GOAL! 4-1 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool are running away with this. Alexander-Arnold sends a peach of a cross into the box from deep and Firmino thumps a header past Kepa to get his first Premier League goal at Anfield this season!,1

GOAL! 3-1 CHELSEA! Chelsea pull a goal back on the brink of half-time. Willian latches onto Alonso's backheel and fires a shot towards Alisson. Liverpool's keeper can't hold it and Giroud stabs the ball into the net from close range.,1

GOAL! 3-0 LIVERPOOL! It's almost half-time and Liverpool's win already looks secure. Liverpool win a corner down their left and Robertson fires it in. Salah has time to take it down six yards out and prod it to Wijnaldum who arrows it into the net.,1

GOAL! 2-0 LIVERPOOL! Alexander-Arnold steps up to sweep a wonderful free-kick into the top right corner of the net from outside the area. What a fantastic player he is. He's still just 21.,1

GOAL! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! Van Dijk's pass is intercepted by Willian but Fabinho nips in to win the ball. Keita dribbles forward and spanks a shot in off the crossbar from 20 yards out. It's a satisfying goal.,1

GOOOAAALLLL!!! HUDSON-ODOI MAKES IT 3-0!! Not long after more Kiev pressure, Chelsea hit a fast break as Pedro switches play out to Loftus-Cheek, and the midfielder takes a deft touch to bring the ball down and play his fellow substitute in, who finishes his chance past Boyko with aplomb!,1

Willian earns a standing ovation from the Stamford Bridge faithful as he comes off for Hudson-Odoi in Sarri's last substitution of the match.,0

Sidcley makes his first appearance for Kiev in 2019, replacing Buyalskiy who will be suspended for the second leg next week.,0

Khatskevich immediately reacts to Willian's goal by making his first change of the match as takes off Rusyn and brings on Harmash in the youngster's place.,0

GOOOOOAAALLLL!!! WILLIAN DOUBLES CHELSEA’S LEAD!! The ex-Shakhtar Donetsk winger and former Footballer of the Year in Ukraine continues to haunt the visitors with a brilliant free-kick that leaves Boyko rooted to his spot! What a way to celebrate 100 appearances in European competition, and Chelsea now have a firm grip on the tie as they lead 2-0 at the Bridge!,1

Kovacic is tripped by Buyalskiy after an exquisite dragback, leaving the Kiev winger flummoxed and unable to do anything except foul the Croatia playmaker. That booking means that he will miss the second leg of this tie.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! CHELSEA BREAK THE DEADLOCK!! Excellent team goal from the Blues as Barkley does well to find Pedro on the wing, and the winger continues his run towards goal before playing a slick one-two with Giroud and slotting the ball past Boyko to cap off a brilliant move! 1-0 to the Blues, and it’s no less than they’ve deserved after dominating this match from the get-go!,1

Zappacosta, who’s had an eventful opening 10 minutes, is scythed down by Shepelev who earns himself the game’s first booking. Willian’s free-kick is poor though, and Kiev head the ball away.,2

GOAAAL! IT'S SURELY GAME OVER AS KROOS GETS REAL MADRID'S SECOND! Kroos plays the role of super sub to seal victory for Los Blancos! Rodrygo breaks forward to exchange passes with Valverde, before cutting the ball back for Kroos on the edge of the area. The pass is slightly behind the midfielder, but he produces an excellent finish to find the bottom-right corner! 2-0!,1

Herrera is booked for that foul on Camavinga, before the free-kick is flicked harmlessly wide by Benzema.,2

Physical forward Raul Garcia is on for Vesga. Athletic will look to pick out the striker at every opportunity now.,0

Finally, club captain Muniain enters the action in Sancet's place. Does he hold the key to unlocking Madrid's defence?,0

Camavinga makes a late challenge on Yuri, and the France international becomes the first visiting player to be booked.,2

Vivian's challenge on Mendy is late, and it earns the Athletic defender a yellow card. Madrid have a free-kick on the left, at least 30 yards from goal.,2

WHAT A GOAL! MADRID LEAD 1-0 AND BENZEMA IS THE SCORER! Wow, what a finish from the Frenchman! Athletic have created plenty of chances so far, but they are left stunned by a left-footed volley from Benzema. Valverde's lofted ball is headed down by Asensio, but Benzema makes light work of a poor lay-off by swivelling and firing into the bottom-right corner!,1

Skriniar brings down Maehle on the charge and goes into the book. Atalanta have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! PALOMINO ATONES FOR HIS OWN GOAL!!!!! 3-2 ATALANTA ARE BACK IN THE GAME!!!! The home side respond to get themselves within a goal as Palomino stoops to steer a close-range header past Onana. Koopmeiners whips a dangerous corner towards the near post that Pasalic flicks on. Palomino gets ahead of his man and does well to direct his effort away from Onana into the net.,1

Bellanova enters the action to replace the ailing Dumfries. Hopefully the problem will not affect Dumfries' availability for the 2022 World Cup.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DZEKO'S STRIKE DEFLECTS OFF MAEHLE INTO THE NET!!!!!! 2-1 INTER!!!!!!! The visitors take the lead as Dzeko's strike from close range hits off Maehle's knee and trickles over the line despite a desperate swipe from Musso. Barella surges forward at the Atalanta defence and releases Dimarco down the left flank. He drills a low ball across the face of goal that Dzeko forces over the line with the aid of the deflection off Maehle. Dzeko gets the credit for the goal for his second day.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DZEKO LEVELS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 1-1!!!! Inter are back in the game as Dzeko steers home a strike from six yards. Calhanoglu collects on the left flank after his failed free-kick and curls a cross into the box. Martinez flicks it on towards the back post where Dzeko creeps in behind Palomino and guides a right-footed strike past Musso.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LOOKMAN CONVERTS WITH A FINE STRIKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1-0 ATALANTA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The home side take the lead as Lookman smashes his right-footed strike into the top-right corner. Lookman goes for height and power, leaving Onana with no chance. Atalanta have a deserved lead.,1

Ricardo Horta has looked the most likely Braga player to pull something special out of the hat and rescue this game, but he's withdrawn late on for Rony Lopes to hopefully provide that spark.,0

Mendes slides in late and recklessly on Kvaratskhelia as he releases a pass, and the Braga substitute goes into the book straight after coming on!,2

Moutinho also comes off as we enter the last 10 minutes, with Andre Horta hoping to spark some late magic for the visitors.,0

A last roll of the Braguistas' dice comes in the form of two substitutes, with Joe Mendes on to replace Gomez.,0

Napoli make their fifth change of the match, with Leo Ostigard on to replace Juan Jesus at centre-back.,0

Gianluca Gaetano also enters the fray and will be keen to make an impact late on, as he replaces Lobotka for the last 20 or so minutes of this game.,0

Napoli also make further alterations, and Osimhen comes off having scored his first goal of the European campaign (and coming within inches of assisting another). Giacomo Raspadori replaces him up front for the Partenopei, who are coasting towards three knockouts-sealing points here.,0

Napoli make their first changes of the match on the hour mark, with Eljif Elmas on to replace Politano in their attacking midfield positions.,0

Abel Ruiz comes on at half-time with Braga needing goals, goals and more goals, and will replace Pizzi in the visitors' attack.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Napoli double their lead!! Natan plays a one-two with Kvaratskhelia and sets off on a barnstorming run into the box. He bursts past Fonte and beats Saatchi in the box, squaring for Osimhen to tap past the goalkeeper and nudge the loose ball into the back of the net!! 2-0 to the Partenopei, and the last 16 looks a long way away from Braga now.,1

Napoli play the ball out from the back following their goal-kick and Banza unnecessarily clips Rrahmani late, picking up a needless yellow card with 71 minutes of the contest still to come.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Atletico make it 2-0 in stoppage time! Carrasco clinches the three points for the visitors in the 95th minute. They work the ball into the final third and Joao Felix manages to find space on the edge of the box, he tries to curl the ball into the top corner, but it strikes the crossbar and then bounces down and out to Carrasco who was lurking at the far post and he heads home from close range.,1

Another booking for Atletico, this time to Herrera who only came onto the pitch a few minutes ago, after his late challenge on Denis Suarez around 40 yards out.,2

Fifth and final Atletico change now, with Correa coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Herrera.,0

Felipe is booked for a blatant foul on Aspas as the Celta skipper raced into the Atletico final third, bringing him down and giving away a free-kick.,2

Atletico respond by making a double substitution of their own, with Lemar coming off and he has been replaced by Llorente.,0

Beltran is booked for a poor challenge on Koke and the midfielder is the first Celta player to be booked.,2

Diego Costa is booked for a swinging arm after a rough tackle on him from behind by Araujo. No need for the striker to react like that.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Hermoso after he flies into the back of Aspas with a high boot after the striker just gets to the ball first.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Atletico take the lead, it's 1-0 thanks to Suarez! It comes from their first attack of the game, with Koke playing a lovely chipped ball over the top of the Celta defence to Costa, which is then fed through to Sanchez, who gets to the byline and pulls it back to Suarez, who slots it into the back of the net.,1

Felix has been Chelsea's best attacker, but is now being given a rest. Former Liverpool winger Sterling is handed the last few minutes to make an impact.,0

Gakpo is also coming on with Jones making his way off the pitch. He will take the place of Nunez in the attack with Milner switching with Jones in the midfield.,0

Klopp has decided to put more experience on the pitch with Milner coming on for Nunez. Milner makes his 610th Premier League appearance - moving above Lampard (609) into third all-time, after Gareth Barry (653) and Ryan Giggs (632),0

Fabinho is the latest player to be booked for Liverpool after his elbow clatters into the face of Felix who twists past him.,2

Chelsea make their first change of the game. Captain Kante has brought the energy back to the midfield but is now being given a rest. Gallagher is on.,0

Kovacic spins on the ball under pressure from Fabinho but slips and lands on it before trying to get up. However, it hits his hand and he goes into the book.,2

Klopp has seen enough and has decided to make two alterations. The first is in the attack with Firmino coming off for Salah. He takes his regular position on the right with Jota now playing down the middle.,0

Tsimikas is the second Liverpool player to go into the book after a foul on Felix just outside the box.,2

Amalfitano is shown a yellow card for a tackle from behind on Mbappe. He's never getting any of the ball and ends up treading on the Frenchman's heels.,2

GOAL! MBAPPE MAKES IT 4-0! The Frenchman has so much time and so much space to pick his shot and he decides to dink the out-rushing Runarsson in sublime style. What a superb finish for his second of the game and his 32nd in the league this season.,1

Clearly something wasn't working in the Dijon team and Haddadi comes off for Bouka Moutou at the break.,0

GOAL! IT'S 3-0! Mbappe scores! PSG were pushing and pushing and the killer blow finally arrives! Kurzawa delivers a teasing cross across the six-yard box and Cavani is the first to it, but he doesn't get his connection right and misses. Dijon are too slow to clear and Mbappe is the first to the loose ball, poking it home from close range. He's vital in the build-up too, sending Kurzawa through with a clever pass.,1

GOAL! IT'S 2-0! Almost immediately from kick-off, PSG win the ball back and attack at speed, Di Maria ultimately beating his man and delivering a cross to Cavani at the far post. There was no defender tight enough to him and the Uruguayan makes no mistake and heads the ball back across Runarsson to double the lead.,1

GOAAAAL! PSG score with the first action of the game! After a familiar start - in which they enjoyed possession among their defenders - PSG broke at speed with some neat passing from Draxler, leading to a Di Maria curling shot into the far-left corner. It's a wonderful finish from outside the area and PSG lead 1-0.,1

BURNLEY HAVE ONE BACK! The game opened right up and Burnley were able to catch City out. Hendrick squared the ball across the box and Brady ran onto it. He got a lot of power behind the shot, firing it under Ederson's outstretched arm and into the back of the net. 4-1!,1

AND IT'S FOUR! Mee doesn't close Mahrez and the substitute is allowed to get into a better position to get his shot away. He drills it from the edge of the box and his effort nestles into the bottom corner of the net. 4-0 City!,1

IT'S A BRILLIANT GOAL! David Silva is being tightly marked by Mee and his shot is blocked, but it bounces out to Rodri, who is just outside the box. He lets it bounce and hits it ferociously past Pope and into the top of the net. 3-0 City!,1

Dyche is making a double change for Burnley now and he's bringing on two attacking players. Barnes is the first player to come on and he replaces Drinkwater.,0

JESUS SCORES AGAIN! He's not picked up by the Burnley defenders as he gets in front of Bardsley at the near post to get onto Bernardo Silva's cross. He takes the shot on the volley and fires it over Pope and into the roof of the net. 2-0 City!,1

JESUS SCORES! He cuts back onto his right foot after getting the ball from David Silva and curls his effort towards the far right corner from the left of the box. Pope is beaten and City have the lead. 1-0 City!,1

Bernardo Silva picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches the back of McNeil's heels.,2

Another substitution by the visitors, with Ferhat the man departing and he has been replaced by Benrahou.,0

PSG now with a double substitution of their own, the first change sees Draxler come on in place of Kean.,0

Here is the double Nimes substitution, with Duljevic heading off and he has been replaced by Majouga.,0

PSG have made their first change of the game, with Di Maria the man coming off and he has been replaced by Rafinha.,0

GOAL! Mbappe makes it 3-0! What a superb goal is it as well. Parades finds the striker in space on the edge of the box, he takes a touch and then picks his spot in the top right-hand corner of the net. An excellent finish and one that surely wraps up the victory for the hosts.,1

The visitors have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Ahlinvi the man coming off and he has been replaced by Deaux.,0

GOAL! PSG double their lead, Sarabia makes it 2-0! Di Maria spots the run of Sarabia behind the Nimes defence and lofts a lovely ball over the top to him, who slides in and glances it with his head into the back of the net. Reynet with no chance of stopping that. Great move and finish.,1

Meling has had a tough game so far and he is shown the first yellow card, after he gets on the wrong side of Di Maria and the left-back drags him down.,2

GOAL! PSG take the lead, it’s 1-0! Di Maria with the opening goal after 18 minutes. The winger cuts inside from the right wing and is fed in behind the visitors defence, before easily slotting the ball past Reynet and into the back of the net.,1

Aouar is replaced by former Arsenal midfielder Reine-Adelaide as Garcia tries to salvage something from the game.,0

GOAL!!! What a howler from Lopes!!! The goalkeeper collects the ball and tries to throw it out quickly for a team-mate in a central position, but it's straight to Pizzi who clips it in first time! Benfica lead 2-1 and might just have been gifted the winner!,1

Cervi is replaced by De Tomas in a positive change by Lage as he looks for a winner in the final stages of the game.,0

GOAL!! Depay brings Lyon level!! Dubois crosses from a slightly deeper position on the right and it finds Depay at the back post, who volleys past Vlachodimos with his left! VAR check for offside but it is allowed to stand! It's 1-1!,1

Cornet comes off to be replaced by Traore on the right wing as Garcia tries to freshen up his attack.,0

Fernandes shakes his head as he's booked for catching Dubois late when the full-back was attempting to play the ball. The yellow card tally is up to five now.,2

Terrier is replaced by Mendes in the centre of midfield as Garcia makes his first change of the night.,0

Pizzi catches the heel of Terrier and is the next player to be shown a yellow card. The referee certainly isn't holding back with bookings tonight!,2

Kone catches Tavares in the face with a swinging arm as the pair jostle for the ball and the left-back is duly booked. He's the third Lyon player already to pick up a yellow card.,2

Dembele snaps into a sliding challenge on Dias and catches the defender, picking up a yellow card as a result.,2

Silva appears to have picked up a knock, possibly in the coming-together with the referee or in his challenge on Aouar just beforehand. Pizzi replaces him.,0

GOAL!! Silva gives Benfica the lead! Lyon make a mess of trying to clean up as an attack seems to break down on the edge of the box. Cervi latches onto the loose ball and plays it to Silva in space on the right and the winger takes a touch before rifling a low effort across Lopes and into the corner! 1-0 Benfica!,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! SHREWSBURY 2-2 LIVERPOOL!!! CUMMINGS SCORES A SECOND! O'Leary, having made that impressive save to deny Origi, launches the ball long and Cummings gets the better of Lovren. The substitute striker keeps his cool with just Adrian to beat by tucking the ball into the bottom-left corner.,1

Elliott, who has not been all that involved in the match, is replaced by Oxlade-Chamberlain with around 20 minutes to go.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! SHREWSBURY 1-2 LIVERPOOL!!!! GAME ON AT NEW MEADOW! Cummings sends Adrian the wrong way from the penalty spot and Liverpool now have something to think about.,1

Larouci is cautioned for his challenge on Laurent. Further punishment could follow if Cummings converts the penalty.,2

Norburn picked up a knee injury early on and has been unable to shake it off. Experienced midfielder Edwards, who started at Fleetwood last week, comes on in his place.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! SHREWSBURY 0-1 LIVERPOOL!!! JONES OPENS THE SCORING! He was Liverpool's match-winning hero in the last round and Jones has a goal early on here. The midfielder takes Chirivella's pass in his stride and makes no mistake in finishing past O'Leary.,1

Here's that Brighton change. Undav replaces Welbeck, who caused United plenty of problems in the first half.,0

Fernandes heads off too. The 18-year-old Garnacho, a new arrival from Atletico Madrid, comes on for United.,0

Shaw's shown the yellow card for a poor challenge on Welbeck, who's looking increasingly isolated up front.,2

Trossard's booked for an off-the-ball confrontation with Maguire after the United captain trips him. It's much ado about nothing really.,2

Martiinez dawdles on the ball and is outmuscled by March. The Argentine's booked for bringing March down in response.,2

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 0-2 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Gross doubles Brighton's lead! The visitors race upfield from near their own corner flag, and March shifts onto his left foot to shoot. De Gea can't hold the shot, and Gross lashes the rebound into the top right corner!,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 0-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! United have work to do! Trossard frees Welbeck down the left. The Englishman looks up and rolls the ball towards the far post, where Gross arrives to finish from point-blank range.,1

McTominay arrives late on Caicedo, who requires treatment. McTominay receives the game's first yellow card.,2

Towering striker Kalajdzic replaces goalscorer Cunha as O'Neil adds a different type of threat up top.,0

Cooper adds a focal point to the Forest attack as Wood replaces Elanga. He has six goals in his last six Premier League appearances against Wolves.,0

Forest make a change at the back. Murillo looks to be moving awkwardly, so fellow Brazilian Felipe replaces him.,0

Doherty is also on at left wing-back for the hosts, with Hugo Bueno withdrawn. The young Spaniard is being eased in after returning from injury last month.,0

That will be Sarabia's final touch of the ball as he's replaced by Bellegarde, having created Wolves' goal.,0

Now Forest have a problem in the engine room, with Kouyate down. He is replaced by Danilo as Cooper is also forced into his first change.,0

Ball-winning midfielder Traore comes on, with Lemina walking from the field somewhat gingerly. He's been a key figure for Wolves, so Traore has big boots to fill.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL! CUNHA LEVELS FOR WOLVES! The hosts find a way through Forest's packed defence with a fabulous team goal! Cunha drives through midfield to find Lemina, who plays a one-two with Semedo before sliding a pass into the right-hand channel for Sarabia. The Spain international picks Cunha out with a delicate cutback, and he makes no mistake with his side-footed finish! 1-1!,1

GOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! FOREST LEAD THROUGH TOFFOLO! The visitors have a huge goal from the first attack of the game! Toti plays Wolves into trouble with a terrible pass towards Sarabia, and Forest work it out to Williams on the right corner of the box. He finds his opposite wing-back Toffolo with a chipped cross, and he gets above Semedo to nod past Sa! Dawson tried to keep it out on the line, but didn't manage to hook it away! 1-0 to Cooper's team!,1

Rosario picks up a yellow for a late foul in a central position some distance from goal. Spurs look for one last chance, but the set-piece comes to nothing. ,2

Dumfries concedes a free-kick for a challenge on Dier and picks up a yellow card. Spurs will look to lump this one forward.,2

GOAL!!! PSV ARE LEVEL AGAIN! What an end to the game! De Jong makes it 2-2 as Rosario's poor, scuffed effort turns into a great pass, allowing the striker to flick the ball into the back of the net from close range past a helpless Vorm! ,1

Gakpo replaces Pereiro as Van Bommel tries to press PSV's man advantage in the last few minutes and find an equaliser. ,0

Vorm comes on to take Lloris' place in between the sticks, and Son is the man to be hooked in place of the reserve goalkeeper. ,0

RED CARD! Lloris is off! Lozano is sent through on goal and Lloris comes charging out of his area to intercept. Lozano is being pressured from either side, and pokes the ball past Lloris, but is never getting there. However, the goalkeeper lunged in with his studs up and caught the winger on the ankle! It's a poor challenge by the Frenchman and a needless red card! Spurs are down to 10 men for the closing stages! ,3

Angelino goes into the book for hauling Lucas down. He was beaten there and made a desperate challenge.,2

GOAL!! SPURS LEAD! It's now 2-1! Kane heads his side in front after neat interplay down the left between Son and Eriksen, and the latter curls in a gorgeous cross off his left foot to Kane at the back post who heads home! We've had no shortage of chances tonight! ,1

GOAL! LUCAS EQUALISES! It's 1-1 and it's another deflected goal! Eriksen feeds Trippier on the right with a throughball and the Englishman cuts the ball back to Lucas in the box, whose shot takes a deflection that sends Zoet the wrong way and the ball ends up in the net! Game on!,1

GOAL!!! PSV TAKE THE LEAD! Lozano makes it 1-0, but it's a horrendous error from Alderweireld! The centre-back has his pocket picked as he received a back-pass from Sanchez, and despite sprinting to get back, Lozano's shot deflects off of him as he slides in and loops over Lloris and into the back of the net! ,1

Dembele concedes another silly foul in a dangerous position. The Belgian is tracking back well, but he is diving in far too rashly. He picks up a yellow card, too.,2

DAKA SCORES! United have been all over the place defending during set-pieces today, and they're caught out again. Tielemans curls the free-kick in and nobody can make contact at the near post. It sails through to Daka at the far side and after sorting his feet out, he taps it over the line. 4-2 Leicester! ,1

Pogba is the latest player to be booked after clipping Castagne. He had a warning earlier in the game and has finally been shown the yellow card.,2

VARDY SCORES! And just like that, Leicester take the lead again! The referee plays the advantage after Wan-Bissaka takes out Castagne and Perez drives into the box from the left. He pulls it back for Vardy and he hits the shot on the volley, sending it out of De Gea's reach and into the top corner. 3-2 Leicester! ,1

RASHFORD EQUALISES! It's a wonderful ball from Lindelof over the top and Rashford curves his run to stay onside. He's through the middle and two Leicester defenders are closing him down, but they can't get close. He lifts it over Schmeichel and into the back of the net. 2-2!,1

SOYUNCU SCORES! Daka brings the corner down at the far post and fires another low shot on goal which De Gea keeps out with his legs again. It bounces around in the box, hitting Perez before falling to Soyuncu and he pokes the ball into the empty net. There's a quick check for offside, but the goal stands! 2-1 Leicester! ,1

United have been waiting a long time to make this change, but Rashford is finally able to come on for his first appearance of the season in place of Sancho.,0

Tielemans slides a great throughball into Vardy which Lindelof slides in to intercept. He completely takes out the forward, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

TIELEMANS SCORES! United try to play it out from the back and Maguire isn't alert when De Gea passes it to him. Iheanacho nicks it off him before pulling it back for Tielemans and he chips a lovely effort towards the far post. De Gea is wrongfooted, and it floats over his head and into the top corner. 1-1!,1

GREENWOOD SCORES! And it's a great goal! Fernandes doesn't have anywhere to go, so touches it out to Greenwood on the right. He cuts inside, and Castagne can't keep with him. From outside the box, he whips a great shot past Schmeichel and into the far top corner. 1-0 United!,1

After winning the penalty and putting in a superb effort all-around, Ebosele is given an early rest, with Ferreira chosen to take over on the wing.,0

Cioffi also opts to rotate wing-backs as we approach the final five minutes of the game. Tired legs are no doubt setting in and with Milan committing more and more forward, now is the time for the change, with Zemura off for Kamara.,0

Still searching for a way back into the game, Romero makes his entrance in Musah's place, with the winger offering something different with his left foot.,0

Thauvin is sent into the fray as we approach the final 10 minutes, with Samardzic the man chosen to make way.,0

Payero is recalled to the bench by Cioffi, who gives Lovric a chance to see out the remainder of the game.,0

Looking to add a bit of strength to the midfield, Loftus-Cheek returns from injury to take over from Reijnders with 23 minutes left.,0

UDINESE TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Pereyra is made to wait a long while but he shakes it off and dispatches his penalty coolly, slipping it into the bottom corner while Maignan dives the other way!,1

A second yellow card for an Udinese defender within the space of a minute, as this time Leao draws a flailing arm in the face from Kabasele over on the right wing. It's another set-piece for the hosts, this time a lot closer to goal.,2

Perez catches Leao with a clumsy and mistimed tackle on the left touchline. It’s a yellow card for the Udinese centre-back, while Milan are given a free-kick in a promising position.,2

Jovic doesn't retake his place before the start of the second half, with Okafor sent on in his spot to add a bit more pace.,0

Krunic slides into an ill-advised challenge on Success and catches the striker on the ankle, bringing him to the turf 25 yards from goal. It’s a yellow card for the Milan midfielder - the first booking of the game.,2

Inzaghi takes no chances with his captain and star midfielder, with Barella taken off eight minutes after picking up a yellow card. Asllani is sent into the fray, with the match there to be won.,0

A rare sight, Inzaghi makes a change of goalkeeper with just over 20 minutes to go. A product of the Inter youth academy, Di Gennaro comes on for his first appearance for the club, at 30 years of age.,0

Cabal is protected with 23 minutes to go, with the centre-back playing more than 30 minutes on a booking. Magnani comes in in relief, with the match level.,0

Verona turn defence to attack after Perilli’s saves, with Mitrovic taking over and driving into Inter’s half down the left wing, where he’s chopped down by a cynical Barella tackle. It’s a yellow card for the Italy international, the first of the game for the visitors.,2

Dimarco goes off to a chorus of boos, with the former Verona wing-back replaced by Buchanan on the left.,0

Inter use their first substitution of the game to add experience on the wing, with Dumfries making way for Cuadrado.,0

A DOUBLE FOR ARNAUTOVIC! 2-2! Barella launches a pass into the penalty area from a position deep on the left wing, with Frattesi able to meet it with his chest. Unselfishly, the midfielder plays it across the face of goal for Arnautovic, who smashes home his first-time finish to level the game!,1

COMEBACK COMPLETE FOR THE HOSTS! 2-1! Serdar steals the ball from the foot of Barella, before finding Noslin inside the penalty area. The striker unselfishly draws a defender towards him before laying a pass off to the edge of the 18-yard box for Suslov, who rolls a left-footed finish past Audero for his third goal of the year.,1

Cabal mistimes his tackle on Thuram, kicking through the back of him, with the forward looking to receive the ball and roll his opponent. It’s a yellow card for the Verona centre-back, while Inter are given a free-kick 35 yards from goal.,2

VERONA FIND AN ANSWER! 1-1! Bisseck’s poor pass in midfield is intercepted by a sliding Tchatchoua, which sets the hosts away on a counter-attack. Suslov shows off his incredible speed, racing into Inter’s penalty area before slipping a clever pass through the lines for Noslin, who beats Audero with a first-time finish!,1

INTER TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! A rushed clearance from Serdar near his corner-flag is met in midfield by the head of Mkhitaryan, before Bisseck nods it forward towards the penalty area. The pass somehow manages to split Coppola and Tchatchoua, with Arnautovic latching onto it before dispatching a neat finish past Perilli!,1

Hojbjerg is booked for a challenge on Osborn as we enter the final couple of minutes of the one-sided match.,2

Alli may not have been on the scoresheet today, but he can be happy with his performance. Lamela is brought on for the final 12 minutes or so.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! TOTTENHAM 4-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! This is superb from Son! He steps inside Baldock and curls a 20-yarder in off the far post, leaving Ramsdale with little chance of keeping it out.,1

Hat-trick hero Bale is replaced by Bergwijn with 15 minutes to go. Mason is taking no risks on the Welshman's fitness.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! TOTTENHAM 3-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! A HAT-TRICK FOR BALE! Aurier shifts the ball to his left and Bale does not hesitate in pulling the trigger and sending a low shot past Ramsdale into the bottom-right corner. ,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! TOTTENHAM 2-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! Bale doubles his tally to put Spurs in complete control! Son plays the ball inside to the Welshman, who has a couple of touches to compose himself and then drills a shot away from Ramsdale into the top-right corner with a thumping finish.,1

Berge, who has not featured yet in 2021 because of injury, comes on for Bogle in the second of United's substitutions.,0

Sheffield United have made a double substitution for the start of the second half. Burke is on for Brewster in the first of those changes.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! TOTTENHAM 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! Aurier lifts the ball over the top of the United defence and Bale does likewise by clipping it over Ramsdale with the angle against him for the opening goal of the match.,1

Son was caught by Egan in the build-up to that Kane shot that was blocked on the line. The Sheffield United defender is issued the first yellow card of the game.,2

Here's that enforced change for Brighton who switch to four at the back. Lallana is on for the stricken Webster.,0

Brighton's first change is up front as Welbeck replaces Connolly. Connolly has faded since his rash of half-chances earlier.,0

GOAL! BURNLEY 1-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Burnley pepper Brighton's goal from the corner. Barnes has a shot blocked and Sanchez saves Pieters' rasping effort. Gudmundsson grabs the equaliser by following up from the edge of the box.,1

GOAL! BURNLEY 0-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION! Dunk gives Brighton the lead with a brilliant header! Tarkowski loses his man and Brighton's captain capitalises on it, rising high to power the ball into the far corner.,1

Gudmunds­son's booked for a sliding tackle on Connolly just when Burnley were under pressure on the counter.,2

Mee earns the first yellow card of the game for a clumsy challenge on Maupay. It's just outside the penalty area.,2

Arribas, who opened his account for Madrid's senior team at the Club World Cup last week, is on for Asensio, who got the ball rolling earlier on with an outstanding solo goal.,0

GOAAAL! 4-0 to Madrid, and what a finish that is from Modric! Rodrygo leads an attack on the left wing, with the ball eventually being worked across to Modric inside the D. The Croatia midfielder steadies himself before firing a brilliant finish into the top-left corner, giving Badia no chance!,1

There will be no hat-trick for Benzema! He has brought up another landmark here by surpassing Raul's tally of 228 LaLiga goals for Los Blancos, leaving him behind only Ronaldo. Mariano comes on as Ancelotti rests his star striker.,0

Madrid break forward down the left as Rodrygo skips inside Gonzalez, who trips the Brazilian. He becomes the next player into the book, and Madrid have a free-kick on the left-hand side of the box, 25 yards out.,2

Boye replaces Nteka in Elche's fourth substitution. The powerful forward got little joy against Madrid's backline.,0

GOAL! 3-0 MADRID! Benzema makes no mistake once again! The Frenchman opts to go the other way, but Badia has no chance as he powers the ball high into the top-left corner. That's surely game over!,1

GOAL! BENZEMA MAKES IT 2-0! Benzema's 229th LaLiga goal for Madrid sees him surpass the legendary Raul, as the Ballon d'Or holder smashes the ball into the top-right corner, sending Badia the wrong way. It's a long way back for Elche now…,1

Roco is booked for the handball. He can have no complaints, and Madrid have the chance to double their lead...,2

GOAL! MADRID LEAD 1-0! What a goal that is from Asensio! There appears to be little danger as the Madrid wideman receives the ball 30 yards from goal, but the Spain international drives between two challenges to enter the penalty area before stroking a neat finish into the bottom-left corner. Great goal!,1

GOAALLL! MBEMBA SCORES! 4-1! It’s a composed finish from the defender. Sanchez’s shot from a tight angle is palmed to his feet. Shaping to shoot, he rolls the ball past Reis and Inacio, who were anticipating a shot, smashing the ball across the goal into the bottom corner.,1

Substitution for Marseille, Bailly is replaced by Gigot. The Manchester United loanee has not been challenged in this second half.,0

There is a scuffle after Tavares is taken down after multiple challenges. Esgaio is down holding his head and gets a yellow card for his troubles. He charges through Tavares and could be considered lucky not to have been given a red card.,2

GOAALLLLL! 3-1 MARSEILLE! It’s a third mistake of the evening from a Sporting goalkeeper. Balerdi gets to a corner from Harit before Israel who looks to punch the ball away. The substitute goalkeeper completely misses it, and the ball ends up in the net.,1

Edwards has looked energetic so far but has been substituted. Wibmer is on the pitch replacing Adan who saw red moments before.,0

It’s gone from bad to worse for Sporting and Adan, with the goalkeeper now seeing red. Rushing out, he stops the ball from going to Tavares with the ball bouncing over his head. The referee looks to play advantage, but there is none. The goalkeeper completely misjudges the flight of the ball and has paid the price.,3

GOALLLL! HARIT SCORES! 2-1 MARSEILLE! In an instant, the home side lead. Clauss finds Harit with a deep cross into the box. The scorer gets in front of his marker and heads the ball past Adan. Harit scores moments after having a low drive saved by the Sporting goalkeeper.,1

GOAALLLL! SANCHEZ SCORES! 1-1 ! Marseille equalises through Sanchez. Adan hovers on the ball inside his own six-yard box. Under pressure, he smashes an attempted kick upfield against the former Arsenal man, with the ball deflecting into the net off the post.,1

GOAALLLLL! WHAT A START! 1-0 SPORTING! It’s an electric start from Sporting. Edwards flicks the ball down the right to Trincao who bursts forward. The man on loan from Barcelona then cuts in and curls a low shot into the bottom corner. It's the fastest Champions League goal so far this season.,1

GOALLL! CRISCITO WINS IT! 2-1. The defender steps up and cooly knocks the penalty beyond Szczesny and into the bottom right corner! Genoa have won it with two late goals.,1

GOALLL! GUDMUNDSSON! 1-1. Genoa equalise late on. Amiri finds space 25 yards from goal and places a superb throughball behind De Sciglio and into the path of Gudmundsson. The sub takes a touch before curling a precise finish into the far corner from 12 yards!,1

Juventus also make two changes. The first sees Cuadrado depart with Alex Sandro coming on in defence.,0

GOALL! DYBALA! 1-0. Juventus open the scoring. Kean drives towards the edge of the box, before laying it off to Dybala 20 yards out. The attacker takes a touch out of his feet, before whipping a superb strike into the bottom corner!,1

Havertz is the latest Chelsea player to be rested with the weekend in mind, and Ziyech replaces him for the final few minutes.,0

CHELSEA LEAD! Again the champions strike out of the blue, as Mount receives the ball in the area and crosses from the left towards the back post. Haring in from his right-wing position, Azpilicueta is the man to make decisive contact: guiding the ball home from close range to effectively end the tie. Lille 1-2 Chelsea, and it is 4-1 to the visitors on aggregate!,1

Tuchel has opted to shuffle his pack during the interval, and Kovacic has been replaced by Mount for the second 45.,0

CHELSEA EQUALISE! After a deliberate Chelsea build-up, Jorginho finds a yard of space around 20 yards from goal and prods through a beautifully weighted pass to pick out Pulisic in the box. The American winger stays cool to cut inside and steer the ball home at the far post; leaving Jardim with no chance. Lille 1-1 Chelsea, and the visitors are now 3-1 ahead on aggregate!,1

For a clear shirt-pull on Havertz out on the left flank, Gudmundsson is the first Lille player to receive a yellow card.,2

LILLE LEAD! With supreme confidence, Yilmaz steps up to the penalty spot and firmly plants the ball into the top-right corner, leaving Mendy without a hope of saving it. Lille have reduced their aggregate deficit to one goal: just 2-1 to Chelsea overall, and the home crowd are going wild!,1

No sooner has he sprung from the bench, Chalobah goes into the referee's notebook for fouling David just outside the left side of the area.,2

Christensen's game comes to an early end, and his injury-induced substitution sees Chalobah come on in his place.,0

OFF! Referee Oliver brandishes the red card to Richarlison after he gets to his feet. It's a deserved one for the Toffees forward.,3

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CALVERT-LEWIN EQUALISES!!!! 2-2!!! Everton have their second leveller of the game as Calvert-Lewin rises to guide a header past Adrian. Digne is the architect as he surges down the left flank. He sends a high cross into the box for the forward to attack. Calvert-Lewin rises between Gomez and Robertson, and directs his header away from the Liverpool keeper into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SALAH BLASTS HOME A STRIKE!!!! 2-1 LIVERPOOL!! The Reds regain the lead through a fine strike from the Egyptian. Henderson lifts a cross into the box from the right and Mina fails to clear the danger, sending it straight into the path of Salah. The forward has just enough time to angle his left foot towards goal and the ball rockets off his boot away from Pickford to nestle into the bottom-left corner.,1

Coleman is withdrawn for the home side with a hamstring complaint and is replaced by the debutant Godfrey.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KEANE LEVELS WITH A THUMPING HEADER!!! 1-1!!! Everton are back in the game as the defender rises to plant his header through Adrian into the back of the net. James puts his delivery on the money from the right flank and is rewarded as Keane is on the spot to score.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MANE SLAMS HOME FROM CLOSE RANGE!!! 1-0!!! Liverpool take the lead out of nowhere. Robertson collects in acres of space down the left flank and he skips past Coleman with ease. The Scot cuts a cross back to Mane in space and the forward makes no mistake, firing the ball into the top-left corner giving Pickford no chance.,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! LIVERPOOL 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH!!! Just like that, Liverpool turn a one-goal deficit into a one-goal lead! The visitors are again punished for some sloppy play as a misplaced pass is pounced on by Van Dijk, who plays Mane clean through on goal. Mane keeps his composure to clinically finish past Ramsdale.,1

GOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! LIVERPOOL 1-1 BOURNEMOUTH!!! Bournemouth substitute Simpson gives away possession and it proves costly as Salah levels up. The chance to score looks to have gone as Mane's pass is behind Salah, but the Egypt international cuts inside, shoots through the legs of Lerma and finds the bottom-right corner.,1

Steve Cook is unable to continue. Simpson is brought on in his place with less than a quarter of the game played.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! LIVERPOOL 0-1 BOURNEMOUTH!!! Mane's cross is cleared and Bournemouth hit their opponents on the counter. Wilson nudges Gomez in the back and plays the ball across to Billing, who slots in Lerma on the overlap. He in turn squares it for Wilson to tap in from close range. It will go to a VAR check for Wilson's nudge on Gomez...,1

Havertz is booked after he shoves Mina out of frustration, who falls to the ground very dramatically.,2

Double substitution coming up here by Chelsea, with Werner the first to come off and he has been replaced by Ziyech.,0

GOOOAAALLL! EVERTON TAKE THE LEAD! What a start to the second half for the home side and a huge goal by Richarlison! Azpilicueta takes too long in possession right on the edge of his own box and the Everton striker nicks it off him and Gray picks it up, who then flicks it back to his team-mate and Richarlison coolly slides the ball past Mendy and into the bottom right corner of the net. It’s 1-0!,1

Chelsea have made a change ahead of the second half, with Kovacic heading on and he replaces Jorginho.,0

Delph is the latest player to be booked after sliding in on Mount and he catches the Chelsea man late.,2

Azpilicueta and Coleman just wouldn't let the argument go and square up to each other, they have to be separated by their team-mates. The Chelsea skipper is booked for his part in the altercation.,2

Mount drags Mina to the ground and then barges into him on the halfway line, so he is shown a yellow card.,2

Rudiger is shown the first yellow card of the game after he dives into a challenge with Coleman and gets nowhere near the ball.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! BARKLEY SAVES CHELSEA AT THE DEATH!!!! 2-2!!!! Chelsea get an equaliser in stoppage time as Barkley converts from close range after a goalmouth scramble. A cross from Pedro was headed towards the net by David Luiz and it bounced towards the target, only to strike the post. Rudiger on the rebound headed his effort straight at De Gea, but he could only divert his save into the six-yard area. Barkley was on the spot and hammered his effort into the bottom corner. What a huge moment in the context of the start to the campaign for both teams.,1

It's another underwhelming day for Morata as he gets withdrawn for Giroud with just over 10 minutes remaining.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MARTIAL PUTS UNITED AHEAD!!!! 2-1!!!! The Frenchman collects in the left inside channel before curling his strike into the bottom corner, leaving Kepa with no chance. Mata and Rashford created the opening as the Spaniard beat the challenge of David Luiz before finding Rashford. The England man picked out his team-mate with a cross-field pass into the box. Martial took one touch to control before bending an effort around Azpilicueta into the net. Another comeback from Mourinho's men.,1

Mata loses the ball on the edge of the Chelsea box and is slightly overzealous in his attempt to regain possession, sliding in hard on Azpilicueta. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! MARTIAL EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! Martial levels the scores with a composed finish from close range. Chelsea pay the price for failing to clear the ball from their box. It's a scrappy goal as Martial latches on to a loose ball in the air and brings it under control on the penalty spot. He makes no mistake burying his effort with power beyond Kepa. United are back in the game.,1

Rudiger catches Pogba late in an aerial duel and the referee goes to his card for the third time in the match to book the Chelsea defender.,2

This time Hazard does draw the foul from Young as the United right-back comes through the back of the Belgian, clipping his heels.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! RUDIGER HEADS CHELSEA INTO THE LEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! A nightmare for United as they present Rudiger with a free header and he converts to put the home side ahead. The delivery from Willian was on the money towards the edge of the six-yard box and the German made a run to latch on to the cross. Rudiger met it with a clean header, stealing a march on Pogba, directing his effort beyond De Gea into the bottom corner.,1

Matic brings down Hazard in the Chelsea half and referee Dean goes to his yellow card for the first time of the game. The Serb has to be careful from now on.,2

Gimenez catches Plaza with a boot and goes into the book. Almazan have a free-kick in a useful position on the left flank.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! JOAO FELIX SLOTS HOME FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 2-0 ATLETICO!!! The visitors surely secure a place in the next round as Joao Fellix finds the bottom-right corner. The Portuguese plays a sublime one-two with De Paul to break into the box. He produces a neat touch to turn past one challenge before placing his left-footed strike into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CORREA SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!! 1-0 ATLETICO!!!! Los Rojiblancos breathe a sigh of relief as Correa turns the ball home after Joao Felix sees his effort saved. Joao Felix is teed up on the edge of the box by Reinildo and he drills his attempt low and hard at the bottom-left corner. Gonzalez makes the save, but the rebound falls kindly for Correa to slot into an empty net.,1

Martinez goes into the book for catching Koke late. The home side are not happy and it appears the contact was minimal.,2

Fabinho is next to see a yellow card as Gomes' first act in the game is to be fouled by Liverpool's metronome.,2

Gueye finds Richarlison wide right - the Brazilian cleverly waits for Robertson to come clattering in and the Scot is booked.,2

Everton make another change. Calvert-Lewin, who's been quieter this half, is replaced up front by Tosun.,0

Secondly, Origi's chance is over - Firmino returns to the pitch after missing Liverpool's last game through injury. Liverpool's usual front three are back together again.,0

Here it is - Walcott comes off and will be replaced by Richarlison. Can Everton's Brazilian winger give them the edge?,0

Everton take the throw short but Walcott can't reach Digne's cross. Walcott gets an early booking for hauling down Origi as the Belgian tries to get away on the break.,2

IT CROSSED THE LINE! 1-1! Former PSG forward Gameiro has come on and scored within two minutes, in his last match for the club that gave him his professional debut! The substitute gets into the penalty area and squares a pass for Sanson, whose first-time effort is saved well by Donnarumma. Not dealing with the rebound, the goalkeeper allows Gameiro to latch on to the loose ball and scoop it over him from close range, putting it just over the line for the equaliser!,1

Strasbourg make an attacking change as they continue to search for the equaliser. Sissoko makes way, with Gameiro taking his place.,0

Verratti catches the heels of Bellegarde inside the centre-circle and picks up his 14th yellow card of the season.,2

MESSI MAKES THE DIFFERENCE! 1-0 PSG! Pereira hits a lovely switch of play to Mbappe on the left wing, who brings it down with a superb touch under pressure from Perrin. The France international then works an inch of space to play a pass to Messi, who receives the ball in his stride before lashing a left-footed shot into the roof of the net!,1

Looking to prevent a counter-attack following an unsuccessful corner, Diarra tugs Sanches’ kit to slow him down. The winger is shown a yellow card for the infringement - the second of the game.,2

Vitinha is shown the first yellow card of the match just six minutes in, for cynically and forcefully tripping Diarra up during a Strasbourg counter-attack.,2

IT IS 3-1! An exceptionally confident penalty, Icardi steps up and puts a Panenka right down the middle coolly - sending the goalkeeper to the right in vain!,1

Pochettino brings off his talisman with less than five minutes remaining, as Draxler is on for Mbappe. The question everyone will be asking though is will he be okay for the Champions League?,0

Herrera is shown a yellow card, much to his dismay after sliding in and taking Boulaya down. It’s the right call from the match official, who has shown four bookings in the second half alone.,2

Centonze goes for a run past Kurzawa, who takes exception and sticks out a leg to trip up the winger. It’s a yellow card for the full-back.,2

WHO NEEDS A PENALTY WITH A RIGHT FOOT LIKE THAT?! 2-1 PSG! Neymar wins the ball on the left and manages to centre a pass to Mbappe, who takes a touch to set himself before smashing a shot from 20 yards out that hits the hands of the goalkeeper as it sails into the roof of the net! Oukidja had no chance with that one!,1

Mbappe is booked for dissent after complaining to the referee that he should have been given a penalty. The referee for the second time disagrees, and has enough of the protestations.,2

METZ GET THEMSELVES LEVEL! UNBELIEVABLE! 1-1! Boulaya receives the ball on the left corner of the penalty area and shapes a superb cross to the far post. The perfectly arced delivery goes over the head of the marking Kurzawa and falls perfectly to Centonze, who nods it past Navas with confidence!,1

In the aftermath of the penalty not awarded - Verratti tracks Sarr down and gives him an impetuous kick from behind. The referee is immediately over with his yellow card brandished - the first of the match for PSG.,2

PSG TAKE THE LEAD IN UNDER FIVE MINUTES! It’s a simple ball over the top from Herrera, who launches a delivery from inside his own half for Mbappe, who gets between the two centre-backs, takes a touch off his chest to control it and fires a low half-volley that takes a touch off of the inside of the post before crossing the line! 1-0! ,1

Brest make their latest change of the game now as Gaetan Charbonnier comes on to replace Philippoteaux.,0

Brest follow that with their second swap. Le Douaron is off and former Huddersfield man Steve Mounie is on.,0

Brest make their first change of the game now with Fadiga - a PSG loanee of course - replaced by Jean Lucas.,0

It is the last act for Verratti too, but what an act. Rafinha replaces him for PSG as they look to see this one out without any trouble.,0

GOAL! KYLIAN MBAPPE SURELY SEALS IT FOR PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN! 3-0! It's almost a fluke finish for the striker, there in the right place and at the right time. A long ball finds Verratti near the left post in the Brest box and he attempts to cut it back between two defenders; instead, it ricochets off the chest of his team-mate and in at close-range past Cibois. That is very likely game, set and match to the visitors.,1

Herrera comes in with another challenge in midfield and this one tips the referee's hand; it will be a booking for the PSG man.,2

Pablo Sarabia's intervention just before the break in this game has given PSG the cushion they need to help them weather Brest's forward approach, and he takes his leave now for Angel Di Maria.,0

PSG have made a change at the break too, but perhaps not the expected one, as Timothee Pembele comes on to replace Thilo Kehrer.,0

GOAL! PABLO SARABIA DOUBLES PSG'S LEAD! 2-0! It's a close-range finish at the right post for the striker, after the visitors canter into the box. Brest try to clear and deflect an initial effort back into the path of the Spaniard, who is there to poke home. Clinical and composed.,1

A free-kick for PSG now out wide comes to nothing after a foul on a Brest man. Paredes gets booked for it and the visitors are left particularly unhappy by the call.,2

GOAL! KYLIAN MBAPPE WITH AN EXCEPTIONAL FINISH FOR PSG! 1-0! Could this be the start of a long night from Brest? The striker runs with a loose ball from the centre-circle, shrugs off three defenders and fires into the top-left corner from outside the box. Brilliant stuff.,1

GOALL!! 3-1! LUKEBAKIO! Lukebakio gets a goal back for Hertha with a brilliant volley! Richter sends in a cross from the right wing and the winger volleys it past Neuer and into the top right corner!,1

GOALL!! 3-0 BAYERN! CHOUPO-MOTING! Choupo-Moting gets his second goal in quick succession to make it 3-0! Mane drives forward with the ball before playing it to Gnabry. The German international sends in a cross, which is initially cut out, but Choupo-Moting reacts quickly to poke the ball past Christensen.,1

GOALLL!! 2-0 BAYERN! CHOUPO-MOTING! Choupo-Moting doubles Bayern’s lead with an instinctive finish! Goretzka takes the initial shot which is blocked by Rogel and Choupo-Moting slides first to the ball to score.,1

GOALL!! 1-0 BAYERN! MUSIALA!! Musiala opens the scoring for Bayern with a great finish! Mane wins the ball back in the opposition half and drives forward before finding Musiala in space. The midfielder takes a touch before firing the ball into the bottom left corner.,1

Yet another booking for dissent accrued for frustrated Atleti, as Gimenez remonstrates with the officials after the final whistle.,2

Another substitute is booked for Atletico, as Cunha goes into the referee's well-thumbed notebook for a late tackle.,2

This game is descending into an unedifying scrap here, as Nico Williams is the latest player to be booked.,2

Having tried to prompt and create from his limited opportunities, Muniain is now brought off and Morcillo comes on out wide.,0

Savic is another Atletico man to see yellow for protesting to the referee, who clearly detests any form of dissent.,2

HE'S OFF! For his heated protests about being booked just moments before, Felix is swiftly shown a second yellow card and must exit not long after coming off the bench. Incredible stuff! Can Athletic now capitalise on having the extra man?,3

Felix is harshly booked for flailing an arm, as he is clearly tugged back in the centre of the pitch.,2

Marcelino makes changes up front, as Williams goes off to be replaced by Villalibre for the final half-hour.,0

Correa is now withdrawn by the home side, with Felix on in his place - perhaps he can unlock the resolute Athletic defence?,0

One former Barcelona striker gives way for another, with Griezmann being replaced by Suarez - as an increasingly tetchy Simeone rings the changes.,0

The referee judges that Kondogbia's challenge on Garcia merits a yellow card, so he will need to take care for the remainder of the game.,2

A fleet-footed De Paul is buffeted by Dani Garcia in the centre of the pitch, and the Athletic midfielder is booked by the referee for his ill-timed lunge.,2

GOAL!! FATI MAKES IT 4-1!! This time it does count! Alba plays the ball down the line for the youngster, who reaches the edge of the box and slows up. He then cuts inside Albiol and shapes to shoot towards the far corner, but instead fires through the legs of the defender towards the near post, wrong-footing Asenjo and finding the net! ,1

Pique departs for the closing stages of the game, with Araujo taking his place at the heart of the defence.,0

Setien makes another double-switch, with Griezmann coming off for teen sensation Fati in the first change.,0

Bacca, who was introduced as an early substitute himself ion the first half, makes way for Nino in Calleja's final change of the night.,0

Calleja makes a double-change at half-time, with Iborra coming off for Soriano in midfield in the first alteration.,0

GOAL!!!! WHAT A GOAL!!! Some sharp build-up play sees Messi with the ball on the left side of the area. He plays a clever backheel to Griezmann on the edge of the box, who takes one touch before lifting an audacious effort over Asenjo and into the back of the net! Barcelona now lead 3-1!,1

GOAL!!! SUAREZ CURLS IN A BEAUTY!! It's a wonderful goal preceded by some individual brilliance from Messi, who couldn't be stopped through the centre and fed Suarez to his left just inside the box. The Uruguayan, with his first touch, simply curled an unstoppable effort into the top-right corner that left Asenjo with no chance! It's 2-1 to Barcelona!,1

Torres catches Suarez with a stray arm and the striker hits the deck. The young defender is shown a yellow card as a result.,2

GOAL!! MORENO FIRES VILLARREAL LEVEL!! A lovely ball from Chukwueze sends Alcacer away in behind, but he can't go all the way on his own and works it wide to the left. Cazorla arrives and fires a low ball back across goal that Ter Stegen can only parry into the path of Moreno, who fires into an empty net! It's 1-1!,1

Second change for Manchester City as Sane, who has been excellent in the second half, is replaced by Bernardo Silva.,0

Now in cruise control, Guardiola brings off Fernandinho, who is on a yellow card, and introduces David Silva in his place.,0

GOOOOAL! 3-0! Brilliant from Sane! Moments after providing the assist to Sterling, the Germany international latches onto Aguero's header and charges into the box before poking a fine finish past Lossl. ,1

GOOOOOOAL! 2-0! Patient play from Manchester City and they find a breakthrough. De Bruyne tees a pass through to Sane, who looks to be marginally offside, and he drills a low cross into the middle where Sterling converts with a diving header.,1

Fernandino catches Bacuna right in front of the Manchester City bench and has his name taken by the referee as a result.,2

Much better from Huddersfield in the final third but Bacuna arrives late into a challenge on Laporte inside the six-yard box and has his name taken by the referee.,2

The delivery is poor but Huddersfield pick up possession again, with Walker then lunging into a poor challenge on Lowe and earning a deserved yellow card.,2

GOOOOAL! 1-0 Manchester City! Danilo picks up the ball way outside the box and is not pressured by the Huddersfield defenders, allowing him to take a shot at goal. The attempt takes a huge deflection off Schindler and Guardiola's side have the lead.,1

GOAL! Milan counter quickly catching Parma out and Leao scores a late third goal to make it 3-1! Dalot races forward and then lays it off to an unmarked Leao, who only had Sepe to beat and the striker made no mistakes with the finish, coolly sliding it into the bottom right corner of the net.,1

Another yellow card, this time it is shown to Kessie, after his foul on Kuritc around the halfway line.,2

Another double change by Milan now, with Calhanoglu one of those heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Krunic.,0

The hosts have responded by making a change of their own, with Pezzella heading off and he has been replaced by Busi.,0

Milan have made a double substitution now, with Bennacer the first to come off and he is replaced by Meite.,0

GOAL! Parma have pulled one back, it’s 2-1! A long ball comes over the top of the Milan defence and Pelle just manages to get to it in time, heading it back across goal towards Gagliolo, who slides in and just gets to it ahead of Donnarumma and he pokes it into the back of the net. Game on!,1

Another Parma player in the book now, with Kucka the latest to be shown a yellow card after his foul on Hernandez.,2

Another Parma substitution now, with Hernani coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Grassi.,0

RED CARD! Ibrahimovic has been shown a straight red card and he is sent off! Milan are down to 10 men for the remaining half an hour. It looks like a Ibrahimovic has reacted badly to a free-kick being awarded, after Gagliolo fouls Calhanoglu and the striker has said something to the referee. The match official was quick to brandish the red card.,3

GOAL! Milan double their lead just before the break, it’s 2-0! The visitors work it well, with a few quick, intricate passes on the edge of the box and they open up the Parma defence, with Hernandez sliding the ball through to Kessie just inside the penalty area and the midfielder had time and space to slot it into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

Saelemaekers is brought down once again down the right, but this time by Gagliolo and he is also booked.,2

Pezzella is booked for his challenge on Saelemaekers deep inside his own half and Milan now have a good opportunity from a set piece.,2

Calhanoglu is the first Milan player to be booked after his stamp on Kurtic, after the midfielder just got to the ball first and flicked it away from him.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Bani after he handles the ball deep inside his own half. Luckily, the Milan free-kick doesn't come to anything as Ibrahimovic is unable to get on the end of it.,2

GOAL! Rebic fires Milan into the lead and makes it 1-0! They work it up the pitch quickly and Ibrahimovic did well on the edge of the box, finding Rebic in space and he feeds him perfectly. The winger produced a quick turn and then powered the ball into the top right corner of the net, giving Sepe no chance of saving it.,1

Cedric comes off having been impressive in his first start for Fulham, and Kenny Tete will replace the Portuguese at right-back.,0

Harry Wilson is also replaced, and Willian, who scored at against Leeds at Elland Road in this season's Premier League, will see out the game in his place.,0

A triple change coming for Fulham, the first of which sees second, and likely sealing goalscorer Solomon replaced by Bobby De Cordova-Reid.,0

Palhinha's thunderbolt of an opener sent Fulham on their way, and the ever-impressive summer signing is replaced late on by Harrison Reed.,0

Roca is next off for the visitors, as Brenden Aaronson joins the action to give Leeds an all-American midfield trio.,0

Mitrovic has been lively and involved in everything on his return to the side, and comes off now for Carlos Vinicius having set up the Cottagers' second goal.,0

Gnonto also comes off having struggled to create much down a packed left channel, and he'll be replaced by Jack Harrison.,0

Rutter has been arguably Leeds' brightest spark so far, and was harshly denied a first-half opener. He comes off now though, with Patrick Bamford on to lead the line.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! It's another sumptuous finish, and Fulham are in firm control now!!! A cross from the right is only head half-clear by Ayling, and Solomon recovers it. He plays a one-two with Mitrovic, before curling a peach of an effort into the far corner!! A fantastic goal from a player bang in-form, and Fulham lead 2-0!!,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! What a hit that was!!! Fulham lose the ball in midfield but Palhinha quickly wins it back, before unleashing a 30-yard pinger that catches Meslier off-guard as it sails into the top corner!!! The ambition to try his luck from there, and boy did it pay off as Fulham thunder into a 1-0 lead!,1

Thill is shown a yellow card for ripping his shirt off in celebration. Who wouldn't if they scored a goal like that against Madrid of all teams?,2

GOAL! REAL MADRID 1-2 SHERIFF! What an incredible goal by Thill! The Luxembourgish midfielder receives a flicked pass from Traore and smashes a left-footed half-volley towards goal from outside the box. It sails past Courtois to find the top left corner! What a historic victory this could turn out to be if Sheriff can just hold on!,1

Bruno's dribble through the middle is stopped unfairly by Jovic. A yellow card is the Serbian's reward.,2

Madrid decide to make some changes, sensing the win is within their grasp. Kroos replaces Gutierrez first.,0

Sheriff make the game's first change. Their goalscorer Yakhshiboev, who took a while to get up after miscontrolling his chance earlier, makes way for Bruno.,0

Addo is booked for preventing Valverde from reaching his flick over the Sheriff midfielder's head. Sheriff see out Madrid's free-kick and that's all for now.,2

Casemiro hands Sheriff a timely free-kick by tugging the shirt of Kolovos. The Madrid midfielder is booked for good measure.,2

GOAL! REAL MADRID 0-1 SHERIFF! Incredible! The Moldovan minnows have scored against the mighty Madrid! It's a simple goal too as Cristiano has far too much time to fire in a high cross from the left and find Yakhshiboev who nods in at the far post.,1

Sheriff's centre-back Arboleda receives the game's first yellow card for protesting the decision too much. Benzema is standing over the free-kick.,2

To rapturous applause, Fulham's chief creator Willian departs the stage, with the returning Adama Traore sent on to replace him.,0

For lunging in recklessly and taking down Andreas Pereira, Smith is shown a merited yellow card - just the second of today's game.,2

Perhaps Fulham's match-winner today, Muniz takes some warm applause upon his withdrawal; Broja comes on for his home debut.,0

Sinisterra also ends his shift early, as Enes Unal is sent on for his Bournemouth debut. He should join Solanke up front.,0

Having shown a few flickers of his potential, Scott is now withdrawn by Iraola. Semenyo will replace him.,0

Continuing an eventful few minutes for Solanke, Bournemouth's top scorer is booked for dissent towards the referee, after a free-kick decision doesn't go his way.,2

MUNIZ AT THE DOUBLE! Picked out by Willian's precise lofted cross from the left, Muniz arrives at the back post and fires into the top corner from close range! The striker scores his second goal of the game, as Fulham strike straight back after conceding! It's 3-1!,1

BOURNEMOUTH BACK IN IT! The Cherries reduce their arrears, it's just 2-1 to Fulham! Senesi meets Solanke's headed pass following a corner, juggling the ball brilliantly before firing powerfully past Leno! It was a superb finish, which brings his team back into contention!,1

2-0 TO FULHAM! Bagging back-to-back Premier League goals, Muniz reacts sharply to beat Neto to De Cordova-Reid's nod-down and prod home Fulham's second! Willian, who has orchestrated play so far today, cut Bournemouth open with a killer pass, and his team-mates did the rest. Clinical finishing!,1

FULHAM GO IN FRONT! After a glaring error by Cook, who slips in his own area and presents the ball to Fulham on a plate, De Cordova-Reid pounces! The winger guides the ball into the bottom-left corner for his first league goal of the year, and the Cottagers break the deadlock early on: 1-0!,1

GOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! PSG 4-0 DIJON!!! Draxler's shot is blocked but the loose ball falls into the path of Mbappe, who blasts it past Runarsson to round off the scoring late on.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! PSG 3-0 DIJON!! The visitors leave themselves wide open at the back and Mbappe plays in Icardi, only on the field for five minutes, to tuck past Runarsson with a composed finish. PSG are cruising to all three points.,1

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL!!!! PSG 2-0 DIJON!!! That should do it! Mbappe is slipped in by Draxler, rounds Runarsson and tucks the ball into the net, despite the Dijon keeper getting a slight touch to it.,1

Di Maria goes straight down the tunnel after failing to shake off a hamstring injury sustained early on. Draxler is on in his place.,0

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! PSG 1-0 DIJON!!! Sarabia gives PSG an early lead in rather fortitious circumstances. Marquinhos' shot from the edge of the box is badly mishit, but Sarabia reacts well to direct the ball away from Runarsson in the opposition net.,1

Skriniar bundles Jankto over and play goes on, but following Barella's late challenge, the referee goes back and books the Inter defender.,2

Ekdal is replaced by former Leeds United midfielder Vieira now in Di Francesco's second change of the night.,0

GOAL!! Gagliardini makes it 3-1! Brozovic fizzes a nice reverse pass into the box that Gagliardini gets a little touch on. Audero does really poorly, parrying straight into the midfielder's path, and he tucks it into an empty net to restore Inter's two-goal cushion!,1

Conte now replaces Martinez with the larger frame of Lukaku up front as he seeks to give his side a target to aim for.,0

GOAL!! Sampdoria pull one back! Jankto strikes a low effort from just inside the box that flies past Handanovic and in off the post in the bottom-right corner! It's now 2-1! ,1

RED CARD! Sanchez is off as he gets a second yellow card for diving! Martinez gets in behind and sees his shot saved by Audero. Sanchez latches onto the rebound in the box and goes down too easily for the referee's liking! Inter are down to 10 men!,3

Linetty has a fistful of Sensi's shirt as he fouls him after being tackled. The midfielder kicks the ball away in frustration afterwards and earns himself a booking.,2

GOAL!! It's 2-0!! The same combination strikes again! Sensi has another effort from distance that is dragged a little and lacks the same power as before. However, Sanchez is following in and tucks the ball home to double Inter's lead!,1

GOAL!! What a hit by Sensi! The midfielder takes a shot on from distance and it hits Sanchez on the back and deflects past the keeper! The Chilean is claiming it, although he didn't know much about it! It's 1-0 to Inter!,1

Bastoni goes in from behind on Rigoni and earns himself a yellow card, but the free-kick comes to nothing.,2

Benzema has been Real's best player over the 90 minutes, even if he has been unable to get on the scoresheet. The striker is replaced by Mariano in the sixth and final substitution of the day.,0

Kroos, who has helped control the flow of the game from midfield, is replaced by Ceballos for the closing stages. The Germany midfielder never quite recovered from Thomas' mistimed challenge.,0

This is a nasty challenge from Thomas, catching the ankle of Kroos to earn a second yellow card. A bad day for Atletico has just got a lot worse.,3

GOOOAAALLL!!! ATLETICO 1-3 REAL! The three points are heading across the city to the Bernabeu! Bale sweeps the ball across Oblak after taking a touch to set himself once played through by Modric. Atletico were carved apart, which we have not said too often this season.,1

Yet another booking, this time for Saul following a challenge on Reguilon. The Madrid full-back seems to have done something to upset the Atletico players!,2

Kalinic is brought on for Morata, who has been heavily involved in the second half. The striker is unfortunate that his well-taken goal was ruled out for offside a little earlier.,0

Having had a goal ruled out for offside and seen a big penalty shout rejected in the second half, a frustrated Morata shoves Ramos off the ball and is shown a yellow card.,2

Correa played a big part in Atletico's first-half equaliser but he is the man to make way for Rodrigo. Simeone now has just one substitution available to use.,0

Reguilon, who has been in the wars today, rakes his foot down Griezmann's shin and becomes the latest player to be shown a yellow card.,2

Lemar, who has not been involved today, is replaced by Vitolo. The tempo of the match has dropped over the last few minutes.,0

A poor challenge from Lucas on Carvajal leads to the third caution of the contest. The referee had no other choice.,2

Perhaps with the Ajax tie in mind, Solari takes off star performer Vinicius. Bale, who has struggled for form this season, is brought on for the final half an hour or so.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! ATLETICO 1-2 REAL! Nerves of steel from Ramos as he sends the ball into the corner of the net, giving Oblak no chance of keeping it out despite guessing the right way.,1

Gimenez is cautioned for bringing down Vinicius. There is no doubt that the defender caught his opponent - there was even a shirt pull in there - but he and his team-mates argue that it should have been a free-kick.,2

GOOOAAAALLL!!! ATLETICO 1-1 REAL! Griezmann levels up the contest with a fine finish under the body of Courtois. Correa sends the France striker clean through on goal, with Ramos keeping him onside, but the referee has to refer to VAR as Correa barged Vinicus off the ball. A quick check confirms that there was too little in the shoulder barge to disallow the goal.,1

This match has become incredibly stop-start due to a succession of niggling fouls. Griezmann is the latest to be penalised for his challenge on Casemiro after losing the ball.,2

Vazquez is shown the first yellow card of this feisty Madrid derby for his follow-through challenge. That came on the back of a promising Madrid attack, with Vinicius holding off Godin but failing to pick out a team-mate with the cutback.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! ATLETICO 0-1 REAL! Ramos flicks on the corner and Casemiro is left in plenty of space to execute an overhead kick, giving Real a precious lead with 16 minutes on the clock. Oblak tries to narrow the angle but Casemiro sends the ball flying past the Atletico goalkeeper from the edge of the six-yard box with his acrobatic attempt.,1

Yellow card for Yates after his elbow clatters into the face of Watkins as the striker ran down the left.,2

Ramsey gets into another scuffle. This time it is with Williams with the two clashing after the Villa man pulled him to the ground.,2

Substitution for Villa. Coutinho is replaced by Ings with the away side now playing with two recognised strikers. It is possible that Wakins will now play down the left with Ings leading the attack.,0

Konsa gets Villa’s first yellow card after sliding down Gibbs-White. The Forest man was bursting forward with the ball after the away side failed to make the most of a corner.,2

Cook gets a yellow card after a high challenge on Ramsey just outside the box. Martinez bursts out of his goal to confront the referee but it is just a yellow for the Forest man.,2

GOAALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE BY YOUNG! 1-1! Villa are level. McGinn looks to switch the play and fires the ball towards Watkins. Aurier wins the first header before Yates looks to clear but he can only find Young on the edge who fires the ball into the bottom corner.,1

Aurier gets the first yellow card of the game. The free-kick is positioned just inside the Forest half with Coutinho over the ball.,2

GOALLLL! DENNIS SCORES! 1-0 FOREST! The home side takes the lead through Dennis. Two summer signings combine, with Gibbs-White’s cross from the right nodded in by Dennis. He runs off of Mings for a free header. The former Watford striker won the free-kick leading to the goal after being fouled.,1

Atleti's chances of scoring twice now feel slim. Barca have managed to ride out the storm. The visitors harangue the referee as Herrera's booked for wafting an arm into the face of Busquets.,2

Wass has been in the thick of the action since coming on at half-time. The Dane's booked for hauling down Aubameyang.,2

Frenkie de Jong becomes Barca's latest player to receive a card for sliding in late on Correa. This one's just a yellow.,2

RED CARD FOR ALVES! The Barca right-back is dismissed by the referee. The incident does look nasty on second viewing. Alves heads down the tunnel frustrated. Barca will now have to see out the last 20 minutes against a resurgent Atleti with 10 men.,3

Barca substitution. Traore heads off to applause after an impressive hour. Aubameyang, another arrival from the Premier League, replaces him.,0

GOAL! BARCELONA 4-2 ATLETICO MADRID! There may still be hope for Atleti. The visitors force a corner down their right which Koke swings in. Gimenez gets to it first and Suarez nods in his flick-on at the near post. That's a proper poacher's goal from the Uruguayan.,1

Felix is last to make way. The Atletico forward shakes his head as he approaches the bench. Correa comes on for him.,0

Hermoso is the first Atleti player to go off in this substitution window, having had a torrid time dealing with Traore in the first half. The 22-year-old Brazilian Cunha takes his place.,0

GOAL! BARCELONA 4-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Barca are running riot now! Alves finds the bottom left corner from inside the box, after a quick Barca one-two down their left. It's his first league goal since returning to the club! He soaks up the adulation from the home fans.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 3-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Araujo smashes in from the edge of the six-yard box as Torres reaches Alves' free-kick and loops a header against the crossbar. Atleti are slow to judge the rebound and get punished for it.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 2-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Traore bursts past Hermoso to fire in a high cross from the byline. Gavi gets on the end of it to plant a deflected header past Oblak!,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 1-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Barca level things almost straight away with a stunning strike from Alba! Alves floats in a cross from the right and the Barca left-back thunders a volley into the top right corner off the post.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 0-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Atleti take an early lead! Carrasco latches onto Suarez's tapped cross from the right and calmly steers the ball into the far bottom corner. That was coolness personified from the Belgian.,1

As we enter the first of eight additional minutes, Kouyate replaces Danilo in the first of two more Forest changes.,0

WOOD!!! 2-1 FOREST! The hosts may have just won it! After a corner is cleared, Worrall keeps the danger alive, finding Aurier on the wing. In plenty of space, the latter sets himself and delivers a delicious cross that is brilliantly guided in by Wood.,1

HAMER!!! 1-1! What a strike! And what a start to the second half by the visitors! United make a positive start to the second half and force a corner that is only cleared as far as Hamer, who sets himself before bending a stunning 20-yard strike into the top corner.,1

Aurier demonstrates his frustration towards the referee, who wanted a word with the Forest wing-back. But he goes a bit too far and has his name taken.,2

AWONIYI!!! 1-0 FOREST! The hosts make their positive start tell! Following a patient build-up, the ball is laid back to Aurier, whose cross is powered home by the head of Awoniyi.,1

Cooper makes his third change of the game, and it's an attacking alteration for Forest. Origi comes on in place of left-back Toffolo.,0

Dyche makes his first change of the game as young striker Chermiti comes on in search of his first goal for the club. Beto is the player to make way.,0

GOOOAAAAALLL!! 1-0 EVERTON! Harrison plays a one-two with Gueye on the right-hand side and receives the ball inside the box. He clips a cross into the penalty area which Beto can’t get to, but it finds McNeil at the back post. He takes one touch out of his feet and fires it into the top corner. Fantastic finish!,1

McNeil turns superbly and dances past Felipe, but he brings him down just outside the box, receiving a yellow.,2

GOAALLLLLL! CARVALHO SCORES! 2-1 LIVERPOOL! Whipped in from the corner, the ball bounced around the box before Carvalho smashes the ball off the bar and into the net.,1

GOAALLLL! FIRMINO SCORES! 1-1! Liverpool equalise through Firmino moments after their first shot on target. Squared by Salah, the striker sweeps the ball past Pope into the bottom corner.,1

GOAALLL! ISAK SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! It’s a clinical finish by Isak. Longstaff passes the ball to the forward, who smashes the ball past the goalkeeper from close range.,1

Aina scored the first goal of the game and is now coming off after an energetic performance at full-back. Williams is on.,0

Luiz is usually influential in this Villa side but has been nullified by Forest. He is replaced in the midfield by Dendoncker.,0

Awoniyi's first start on his return from injury is now over. Danilo, who was a star in Forest's fight against relegation last season, takes his place in the attack.,0

Villa make a late change. Kamara has been one of their best players but is now coming off. Carlos takes his place.,0

Toffolo has been brilliant on the left and makes his way off the pitch with two assists to his name. Aurier comes on in his place, with Aina moving over to the left.,0

Cash is holding his shoulder and is now coming off. Villa change their shape, with Tielemans making his regular appearance off the bench.,0

GOALLL! MANGALA SCORES! 2-0 FOREST! Toffolo's cross from the left is kept alive by Awoniyi, who sends a short offload back to the left-back. It then goes out to Mangala, who blasts a right-footed shot towards the goal from the edge of the area. Martinez tries to push it away, but the ball goes up into the air and bounces just over the line.,1

Emery has seen enough and has decided to make a change before the restart. Zaniolo wasted a couple of chances in the first half and is replaced by Bailey on the left.,0

GOALLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM AINA! 1-0 FOREST! Elanga has been electric on the left and he brushes away the challenge from Cash before playing a pass back to Toffolo. He slides it across to Aina, who drives a low shot across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1

Two-goal hero Haaland comes off for Gomez. The Young Boys home crowd even applaud the City talisman off the pitch.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 3-1 CITY! The visitors make sure of the three points as Haaland adds his second. Rodri eases through the middle before offloading to the forward, who moves onto his right foot before curling into the top-right corner. A remarkable finish has Guardiola’s side in complete control.,1

Alvarez also comes on for Nunes, who has a quick discussion with Guardiola on the way off the pitch. It is animated as always from the City boss.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! CITY 2-1! Haaland hovers over the spot-kick before blasting a left-footed penalty towards the right of goal. Racioppi appears to get two hands on the strike but fails to stop it from going into the back of the net. The visitors retake the lead as Haaland ends a five-game goalless run in the Champions League.,1

Camara is shown a yellow card for a late sliding challenge on Grealish. The Young Boys centre-back must be careful now.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! YOUNG BOYS EQUALISE AGAINST THE RUN OF PLAY! Haaland goes close at one end but moments later the hosts are level. Elia bursts in behind onto Niasse’s pass before lifting an audacious lob over the onrushing Ederson. The City goalkeeper is stranded and the strike from outside the area bounces into the empty net. 1-1!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 CITY! Guardiola’s side open the scoring through Akanji. A lovely Rodri left-wing centre finds Dias, whose header is parried onto the crossbar by Racioppi. Akanji does well to nudge a rebounded finish into the unguarded net when falling away from goal.,1

CHRISTIANSEN MAKES IT 2-1! Christiansen makes a brilliant run in support of Rosenberg, getting away from Kovacic. He chases down the pass, keeps calm and slides it into the corner past Arrizabalaga. ,1

Kante replaces Jorginho for the final 20 minutes or so. It looks like Kovacic, rather than Kante, will play at the base of the midfield.,0

GIROUD! 2-0 CHELSEA! Giroud flicks into an empty net from a couple of yards out after a counter-attack led by Barkley. ,1

GOAL! BARKLEY GIVES CHELSEA THE LEAD! Barkley takes advantage of a missed clearance from Nielsen and controls the ball with time and space in the area. The England international keeps calm and passes it into the net. ,1

Pickford is up but is yellow-carded for his role in the melee. After a long stoppage, play has resumed.,2

GOAL!!! DOUCOURE PUTS EVERTON IN FRONT WITH A STUNNER!!! The ball sits up for the Toffees midfielder to lash a first-time effort at goal, and it flies into the corner, giving Travers no chance! What a huge moment that could be as the hosts go 1-0 up!!!,1

Lazaro receives a yellow card after a free-kick was given. He did not commit the foul but was frustrated so was booked for dissent.,2

Substitution for Juventus. Vlahovic is replaced by Paredes. After going down, the Serbian came back on, so it looks like Juventus are looking to solidify the midfield rather than replace an injured player.,0

GOAALLLLL! VLAHOVIC SCORES! 1-0 JUVENTUS! From the resulting corner, Danilo flicks the ball towards Vlahovic who taps the ball in from close range. He lost his marker and could not have had an easier finish.,1

Linetty accepts the yellow card after sliding down Kean who was breaking down the left. It came after a Torino corner was cleared away by Bonucci and flicked on by Rabiot.,2

Substitution in defence for Juventus as Bremer is replaced by Bonucci. It looks like Bremer could have been hurt from the shot that he blocked moments before.,0

Fulham make that final change now - and it is goalscorer Lookman who makes way for Bobby Decordova-Reid. The former has delivered the most crucial of interactions today for his side.,0

McGoldrick picks up a booking for a scruffy foul now, as United look to carve out an attacking chance once again. That's frustrating for the Blades, as the seconds keep on ticking down.,2

With less than five minutes on the clock, Fulham make their second change of the game now, bringing on Mario Lemina for Maja. Scott Parker is looking on with an unruffled air of collected satisfaction, but he must be feeling nervy inside. This would be a huge three points.,0

Now, as the game restarts, Phil Jagielka exits, stage left, for Sheffield United, who add additional grunt in the form of Jayden Bogle. Can the Blades set up a blazing finale?,0

Baldock gets booked for a challenge on Lookman that sees the Fulham man caught as the filling in a Sheffield United sandwich. He's a bit unlucky to see yellow there, to be honest, but his leg was high as he came together with the Cottagers man.,2

Frustration for United now as they carve a promising attack out and then, in a fairly rare showing today, are caught by the offside flag. Fulham now make their first change of the game, replacing Cavaleiro with Kenny Tete. It's time to shut up shop for the hosts.,0

Sheffield United make their second change and, in a sign they very much intend to try and find that goal to level things up, throw on David McGoldrick to slot in up front, replacing Lundstram.,0

GOAL! ADEMOLA LOOKMAN HANDS FULHAM THE LEAD! 1-0! It has been coming almost since the opening minute of this game and the Cottagers finally have their advantage. It's a long ball, one that the midfielder just tracks onside to take down the left, before he cuts back in, turns Ampadu around and manages to squeak a finish in at the near post past Ramsdale. Finally, the hosts are in front.,1

It looks like we're set for our first change here, and sadly it is an injury-enforced one. It is not Oli McBurnie however, but Chris Basham who has pulled up for Sheffield United. Oliver Norwood is his replacement.,0

A late booking in this half now as Anguissa comes in on McBurnie deep inside the United half. It's unneeded and possibly a bit harsh, but the Blades striker is still hobbling a bit.,2

Anguissa charges through the back of Augello and picks up a yellow card - the eighth of the ill-tempered game.,2

Having just picked up a booking, Mazzarri is quick to take off Politano ahead of injury time. Zanoli is given a chance to hold onto the lead, with the right-back certainly more defensively capable than his team-mate.,0

Politano loses possession to Augello near his own penalty area and is forced into a cynical challenge to prevent a goal-scoring opportunity. It’s a yellow card for the Napoli winger, while Cagliari are given a free-kick in a good area.,2

Luvumbo looks to knock the ball past Rui and charge towards the byline but the substitute drops his shoulder and body checks his opponent, which earns the Napoli full-back a yellow card.,2

Despite only being ahead by a goal, Osimhen is replaced with eight minutes remaining, to give Gaetano some valuable minutes on the pitch.,0

A centre-back comes off for a striker as Lapadula is sent onto the pitch to partner with Pavoletti. Goldaniga, who was booked earlier, is sacrificed with Cagliari looking for a way back into the game.,0

A THIRD GOAL IN SIX MINUTES SEPARATES THE SIDES! 2-1 NAPOLI! The frenzy at the Maradona continues, with Osimhen getting into the penalty area and occupying as many as four defenders with a series of deft keep-ups. The striker then turns and gets beyond Augello and Goldaniga before squaring a pass for Kvaratskhelia, whose first-time finish leaves Scuffet no chance!,1

PAVOLETTI DOES IT AGAIN! 1-1! Less than a week on from his stunning overhead kick to claim a victory against Sassuolo, the former Napoli striker finds the back of the net again - this time against his old side! Luvumbo manages to get beyond Rrahmani and inside the penalty area before teasing a cross across the face of goal for Pavoletti, who manages to bundle it across the line in a rather unorthodox fashion!,1

OSIMHEN BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0 NAPOLI! Rui involves himself immediately, getting on the end of Kvaratskhelia’s pass and immediately firing a dangerous cross towards the edge of the six-yard box for Osimhen. The striker rises above both Dossena and Obert and powers his header towards goal, with Scuffet getting a hand to it to push it onto the post before eventually rolling beyond the line!,1

Oristanio is also recalled to the bench after largely failing to involve himself in the match. Luvumbo is his replacement and will operate just behind Pavoletti.,0

Nandez has gone down off the ball and confirms with the referee he is in need of a substitution. Ranieri works quickly and sends Zappa on in his place with just over 20 minutes to go.,0

The fifth yellow card of the match goes to Augello, for a cynical clip of Politano’s heels just ahead of the right corner-flag.,2

An attacking move from Mazzarri sees a forward taking off a midfielder, with Raspadori sent into the fray for Cajuste.,0

Jankto does not re-emerge from the interval, with Deiola taking his place in midfield for the second half.,0

Rrahmani doesn’t escape unscathed, with the Napoli centre-back also shown a yellow card; the fourth in four minutes.,2

Tempers flare after the challenge, with both sets of players getting into a shoving match just outside the Cagliari penalty area. Pavoletti is shown a yellow card for his part in the fracas, which left Rrahmani on the ground.,2

Goldaniga dives into a two-footed tackle and gets the ball but also the man on the edge of the 18-yard box. It’s a free-kick for Napoli while the Cagliari defender is shown a yellow card.,2

Osimhen’s attempted overhead kick following a Napoli corner-kick catches the head of Augello, sending him to the ground immediately. It’s a yellow card for the striker - the first booking of the game.,2

Moyes brings off Kudus to a great reception from the home supporters. Johnson takes his place for the final few minutes.,0

Brentford win a free-kick and Alvarez kicks the ball away to pick up a yellow card. Petty? Yes. Clever? Also yes.,2

Well, well, well this is interesting, Brentford have a goal back. Moyes is furious with his side. They lose the ball in midfield, the defence steps up high and Wissa is played through by Damsgaard before coolly slotting into the bottom-right hand corner. Maybe, just maybe, there's life in this one yet. West Ham lead 4-2...,1

West Ham also make a change and Paqueta gets a standing ovation from the crowd as he takes a seat to allow Antonio to enter the fray. He gets a nice, big hug off Moyes too. Isn't that lovely?,0

OOOOOOH YER BEAUTYYYYYYY!! WHAT A GOAL! A West Ham cross is only half-cleared and Emerson takes a touch out of his feet before absolutely leathering his effort into the top-right corner from 25 yards. A real gem of a strike from the Italian and that is surely all she wrote with West Ham now leading Brentford 4-1.,1

GOOOOOOOOOAL!!! IT'S A HAT-TRICK FOR THE BRILLIANT BOWEN AND THAT MIGHT JUST BE THAT! It's been a patchy night for Kudus but he did brilliantly to run at Reguilon before dinking a cross into the air that Bowen heads home for his first ever senior hat-trick! 3-1 West Ham.,1

Mee eventually calls it a night from the injury he sustained earlier in a challenge with Kudus. Collins comes on in his place.,0

It's the first yellow card of the night and Reguilon's frustration goes on. It's a clear trip on Kudus but it might have been his angry reaction towards referee Hooper that ultimately earned him the caution. Either way there can be no complaints...well he did complain but realistically there should be no complaints.,2

GAME ON!!! Brentford have a goal back! Zouma's poor clearance is eventually picked up by Toney and his pass finds Lewis-Potter in an excellent central position. His through-ball into the area finds the run of Maupay, who fires high past Areola. West Ham 2-1 Brentford.,1

CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?! IT'S 2-0 TO WEST HAM! More loose play from Brentford leads to Bowen gathering the ball. He feeds Kudus on the right and the Ghanian has Coufal overlapping. The Czech's ball is low to the centre of the box and Bowen is there to expertly side-foot past Flekken. What a start for the home side, you would never have believed they haven't won in 2024!,1

GOOOOOOOOAL! This time it is 1-0 to West Ham! The hosts win it back deep inside Brentford territory and it's worked brilliantly to the left flank where Emerson pulls it back for Bowen, who slices it straight into the left-hand side of the goal. Flekken was blindsided in fairness, but it's some finish.,1

MODRIC MAKES IT FOUR! The Croatia international starts the attack with a pass into the channel for Benzema, who gets on the end of it and returns a pass to Modric. The midfielder charges into the penalty area and dances past Joaquin Fernandez before dispatching his shot into the net - beating Masip in the process! Real Madrid further their advantage with a man less on the pitch! ,1

CASEMIRO IS SENT OFF! This match has had just about everything as the Brazil international is given his marching orders for a second yellow card! He gives away a foul in midfield which the referee does not choose to book him for, but Casemiro then does not allow the requisite space for Michel to take the free-kick, instead blocking the delivery and kicking it away. The match official takes exception to this and books the Real Madrid player – after already showing him a yellow earlier in the match! ,3

Solari counters with a change of his own as Valverde replaces Kroos with just over 15 minutes remaining.,0

Mohamed is replaced, taken off 63 minutes into a match in which he found his first LaLiga goal. Verde is the chosen replacement.   ,0

Frustrations are beginning to spill over as Nacho Martinez is booked for a challenge in midfield following Real Madrid’s third goal.  ,2

BENZEMA MAKES IT 3-1 AS REAL MADRID BEGIN TO PULL AWAY! The 11th corner-kick of the day for the visitors leads to a goal as Kroos’ perfectly weighted delivery finds Benzema free in the centre of the penalty area. The striker directs a routine header towards the bottom-right corner which beats Masip!,1

GOAL! BENZEMA MAKES IT 2-1! The Real Madrid captain makes no mistake as he slots his penalty into the bottom-right corner, which gives his side their first lead of the match!  ,1

Reguilon is shown a yellow card late in the first half for a sliding challenge on Alcaraz which ends fears of a Real Valladolid counter-attack.,2

REAL MADRID PULL IT BACK TO 1-1! Kroos’ corner is whipped in, looking for Casemiro. The Brazil international nods his header downwards, sending it high off the bounce for both Nacho Fernandez and Masip to contest. The Real Madrid centre-back gets the slightest of touches which allows Varane to tap it home from close range!,1

REAL VALLADOLID SCORE – AND IT WILL COUNT! Real Madrid don’t heed the warning signs as Keko whips a sensational ball to the far post for Guardiola, who plays it across the face of goal with a diving poke. From there, it’s a simple tap-in for Mohamed who turns it past Courtois to make it 1-0 for the hosts!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! MBEUMO LEVELS! IT'S 2-2 IN STOPPAGE TIME! Another defensive error is punished as Kerkez dives in to win a long ball forward from Collins, only to miss it and allow Mbeumo through. The Brentford forward keeps his composure to slot a neat finish under Neto and score his fourth goal of the Premier League season!,1

GOAAAAAAL! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD 2-1! Brentford are made to pay for their missed chances, and it's a dreadful mistake from Henry! The left-back sells Flekken short with a terrible back pass, allowing Tavernier to seize possession and feed Brooks. The substitute keeps his composure to round Flekken before converting, and Bournemouth are ahead for the first time!,1

Lewis-Potter is also introduced, with Schade withdrawn after going close in the first half, sending a volley against the upright.,0

Jensen hauls Kluivert down after losing possession to the Dutchman. The Brentford goalscorer is deservedly booked, as is Iraola for his appeals on the touchline.,2

Neto sees yellow for taking too long over a goal-kick. The Brentford fans are really getting on the visiting goalkeeper's back.,2

Aarons picks up the game's first yellow card for dissent, having asked for Henry to be shown a yellow card for a foul on the Bournemouth right.,2

GOAAAAAAAAL! SOLANKE LEVELS FOR BOURNEMOUTH! You have to say that has been coming! Senesi dispossesses Mbeumo before launching a long ball down Bournemouth's left. Solanke races onto it before cutting inside and firing a low finish under Flekken to make it 1-1! Great goal!,1

GOAAAAAAAAL! JENSEN SCORES! 1-0 BRENTFORD! What is Neto doing?! The Bournemouth goalkeeper, having conceded the free-kick through a moment of madness, leaves far too much space at his near post. Jensen whips his free-kick over the wall and beats Neto from a tight angle, with the goal-line technology awarding the goal as the Cherries goalkeeper attempts to claw it away!,1

GOOOAAALLL! RASHFORD WINS IT LATE ON FOR MAN UNITED! They break forward quickly and Martial feeds Cavani down the left, who then pulls the ball back across goal to Rashford at the far post, who slots it home from close range. Rashford simply couldn’t miss from there! They lead 1-0 in stoppage time and surely will see the game out now.,1

West Ham make a change at right-back, with Coufal heading off and he has been replaced by Fredericks.,0

Rice is booked after he deliberately spots Rashford in his tracks to stop him from breaking forward on the counter.,2

Here comes the first Man United change of the game, with Elanga the man heading off and he has been replaced by Rashford.,0

Maguire is shown the first yellow card of the game after Bowen flicks the ball past the centre-back down the right wing and Maguire dives in late and catches him. Poor challenge.,2

GOAL!!! BENTEKE HAS SURELY WON IT FOR PALACE!!! Despite being on the back foot for almost the entire game, Palace have snatched a victory! Townsend races down the left and crosses to the back post for Benteke, who catches his volley sweetly and arrows it low into the bottom-left corner past Sanchez! It's 2-1 to Palace now!,1

Hodgson now replaces Eze with the more industrious McCarthy in midfield as he looks to see the game out with a point intact.,0

Palace have a rare opportunity to break through Eze and Veltman scythes him down in the middle of the pitch, accepting his yellow card in exchange for the prevention of the counter.,2

Potter makes his third change now, taking Gross off for a wide forward in Jahanbakhsh as he gambles in search of a winner.,0

Hodgson makes a change up front, replacing his side's goalscorer, Mateta, with Benteke. In truth, Mateta has hardly touched the ball aside from his goal.,0

Potter makes a proactive change, replacing Mac Allister with Lallana as his side continue to search for a winning goal.,0

GOAL!! BRIGHTON ARE LEVEL!! Gross plays the ball into the box for Welbeck, but Mitchell is there to hold the substitute off. He loses his footing as he tries to turn away with the ball, however, and it breaks to Veltman on the right side of the box, who smashes a left-footed effort past Guaita at the near post! It's 1-1 now!,1

Burn feels he's won the ball after sliding in on Ayew, but the referee takes a different view of the challenge and books the Brighton defender instead.,2

Potter makes an attacking change at the break, replacing Alzate with an extra striker in Welbeck and shifting to a back four.,0

GOAL!!! WHAT A FINISH BY MATETA!!! Ayew bursts past Burn on the right and drives a low cross towards the near post, where Mateta has White for company. The striker produces a wonderful piece of skill, however, spinning White and backheeling a shot through Sanchez's legs with just one touch! That's his first goal for the Eagles! Palace have hardly had a chance, but they lead 1-0!,1

GOAL!! What a cheeky goal to make it 3-0! Thiago lines the free-kick up on the edge of the box in a central area and just dinks one in behind for Muller to latch onto and steer a volley past Borjan!,1

Vulic allows Martinez to drift past him and drags the midfielder down, earning himself a yellow card and conceding a free-kick in a promising position for Bayern.,2

Coutinho, without the goal he was so desperate to score, now comes off for Muller in Kovac's final change.,0

GOAL!! Lewandowski makes it 2-0 to Bayern!! It's a mix-up at the back as the striker tries to feed Gnabry but sees it cut out. The ball rolls across the six-yard box and Gobeljic takes a very poor touch that allows the Pole to steal in and scuff the ball into the bottom corner beyond Borjan!,1

Tolisso is replaced by the more defensive Martínez as Kovac looks to see the game out by tightening up his midfield.,0

Degenek goes in recklessly on Perisic, who grimances in pain and the defender is shown a yellow card for the challenge. Lewandowski stands over the free-kick on the edge of the box.,2

GOAL!! Bayern take the lead! Perisic does really well to lose his marker on the left and float a cross into the back post. Coman has got himself the wrong side of his marker and dives to head emphatically across goal and open the scoring! It's 1-0 to the hosts!,1

SAVIC IS OFF! It was an off-the-ball incident that escalated very quickly! Savic dispossessed Torres but then started grappling with the forward on the floor. He was holding him down, grabbing him around the neck and then he pushes Torres away before the referee shows him a straight red. Atletico are down to 10!,3

TORRES IS ALSO OFF! He started it all by rugby tackling Savic and preventing him from standing up. He was dragging the defender by the hair at one point and giving as much as he got. Barca down to 10 too!,3

Raphinha is down holding the back of his head but tells the referee he doesn't need treatment. When he's told to stop time-wasting, he walks away from the official and picks up a silly booking for dissent.,2

Molina is late getting across to Kessie, and he swipes the substitute's legs out from under him. His name goes into the referee's book.,2

Christensen's attempts to win the ball off Kondogbia end in vain as he clips the midfielder from behind to earn a booking.,2

Correa's first touch gets away from him and he thinks he's kept it in play, but the linesman says otherwise. He slices the ball away in frustration, only to be booked for dissent.,2

Both sides are making changes here, starting with Barcelona. Gavi goes off, with Raphinha on in his place.,0

Atletico are making a double change of their own now. Barrios is taken off and replaced by Kondogbia.,0

Barcelona are making a double change as they try to regain some control in this game. Fati is the first to go off, with Torres replacing him.,0

Araujo slides in and although he gets the ball first, he takes out Koke with the follow-through. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

DEMBELE SCORES! It's been coming from Barcelona! It all starts with a wonderful weaving run by Pedri through midfield and he knocks it to Gavi on the edge of the box. He rolls Reinildo to tee up Dembele and he runs onto it, striking it first time and picking out the far bottom corner. Atletico are claiming there was a foul, but it's going to stand. 1-0 Barca!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! AUBAMEYANG SCORES A VITAL THIRD!!! 3-1 ARSENAL!!! The Gunners have a third goal this evening as Aubameyang rifles the ball home on the volley at the back post. Valencia fail to clear their lines after the save from Neto. Kolasinac whips the ball to the back post where the Gabonese is unmarked. Aubameyang connects well with his strike and it beats Neto for pace to find the back of the net.,1

Koscielny was struggling to move over the last 10 minutes and he makes way for the closing stages for Monreal.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! LACAZETTE PUTS ARSENAL AHEAD!!! 2-1!!! The Gunners complete their comeback to take the lead through the Frenchman. Xhaka lifts a dangerous cross into the box from the left flank. Lacazette gets the better of his man in the middle and he heads the ball down towards the bottom corner. Neto pushes the ball against the post, but it strikes the inside of the woodwork and travels backwards over the line. The referee awards the goal using the technology on his wrist. ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LACAZETTE LEVELS THE SCORES!! 1-1!! Arsenal are back in the game out of nowhere. Lacazette releases Aubameyang through the middle and the striker surges into the box. The Gabonese cuts back before offloading towards Lacazette on the charge, who has an open goal to slide his left-footed strike into the back of the net. A clinical counter from the Gunners.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! DIAKHABY PUTS VALENCIA AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take a deserved lead as Diakhaby heads home from close range. Parejo delivers a corner deep to the back post. Rodrigo is there to head the ball back across the face of goal where Diakhaby rises highest to nod the ball into the net from six yards.,1

Lockyer cynically wipes out Rashford just before the United man can dribble into the box. Perhaps more of an issue is that the hosts will have a free-kick in a great shooting position. Fernandes places the ball down...,2

Giles is on for Ogbene, who has struggled to make the same impact here as he did against Liverpool last weekend.,0

Five minutes to go at Old Trafford, and Luton are starting to throw a few more bodies forward as they go in search of an equaliser. Edwards also makes a trio of substitutions. The first sees Nakamba come off for Mpanzu.,0

Reguilon also makes way, as Varane comes on to shore things up for United. Much has been made of his continued absences, though he gets the chance to impress here.,0

Hojlund is indeed forced off, and Martial is on in his place. It is another Premier League game without a goal for the Denmark international.,0

Doughty has not been able to utilise his usually excellent crossing ability in this match, and now limps off for Clark.,0

Ten Hag makes his second change, bringing on Antony for Garnacho. The Argentina international created three chances in his time on the pitch, more than any other player.,0

Chong came off the bench to great effect against Liverpool, and Edwards again turns to him as a response to Lindelof's goal. Townsend is the man to make way.,0

GOAL!!! LINDELOF FIRES UNITED IN FRONT!!! The hosts finally have the opener as Rashford's drilled cross into the box causes havoc. It falls to McTominay, but he fluffs his lines. Fortunately for United, the ball sits up perfectly for Lindelof to blast past Kaminski and into the back of the net to put Ten Hag's men 1-0 up!,1

Eriksen does indeed limp off, and Mount is the man chosen to deputise as he makes his way onto the pitch.,0

In the second of at least eight additional minutes indicated by the officials, Maupay departs, having scored a crucial goal earlier on. Replacing him, Peart-Harris is given a rare taste of Premier League football.,0

THE BEES EXTEND THEIR LEAD! Twice, Lewis-Potter is denied - first by a block, then Kaminski's smart save - but Baptiste latches on to the loose ball, dribbles into the centre of Luton's area and then finds the back of the net with a powerful drive! It's 3-1 to Brentford, and surely that strike wraps up all three points!,1

Brentford captain Norgaard is shown a yellow card for time-wasting, as the clock ticks down towards the final whistle.,2

LUTON ARE BACK IN IT! A slip from Janelt on the edge of Brentford's area opens the door for Luton - and Brown strides right through! With the visitors' first strike on target, the substitute slots his shot into the bottom corner, and it's now just 2-1 to the Bees - game on!,1

Due to a knee injury, Mengi's game is over, forcing Edwards to make his fifth and final change: Giles is sent on.,0

Another promising performance by teenage midfielder Yarmoliuk comes to its conclusion, as Baptiste jogs on to replace him.,0

Luton react to going two goals down by making a triple substitution. First, Mpanzu is replaced by Clark.,0

BRENTFORD STRIKE AGAIN! Following a penalty-box scramble, Brentford win a corner-kick. Mee rises highest in the area, meeting Mbeumo's outswinging delivery, and the defender's deflected header leaves Kaminski helpless: suddenly, it's 2-0!!,1

THE BEES LEAD! Following a cross from the left by Wissa, which is flicked on by Mee, the ball falls to Maupay deep inside Luton's area, and the French striker turns the ball home from close range! He finds the bottom-left corner, and that's 1-0 to Brentford! They've started the second half in style!,1

Indicating a possible change of formation, Luton's captain Lockyer - who sustained a back injury early in the game - has been replaced by Brown for the second half.,0

Remarkably, Kaminski is booked before half-time due to perceived time-wasting. The Luton goalkeeper took an age over a goal-kick, so the referee shows him a yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MCKENNIE DOUBLES JUVE'S LEAD!!!!! 2-0!!!! The home side extend their advatange as the American rises to plant a header past Skorupski into the left corner of the net. Cuadrado curls a fine cross in from the right corner and McKennie is unchallenged in the air. He makes no mistake directing his attempt into the back of the net.,1

Dijks brings down Cuadrado on the charge and hands Juve a free-kick in threatening position. The full-back goes into the book for his challenge.,2

Arthur is beaten by Schouten, who advances into a shooting position. The Brazilian acts to drag down the midfielder and is duly booked by the referee.,2

Barrow gets the better of Chiellini and the defender pulls back the Bologna forward. He takes one for the team and is booked.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ARTHUR PUTS JUVE AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead as the Brazilian sees his strike deflect off Schouten and find the bottom corner. Arthur is afforded space and time to launch a strike at goal. It's not an overly powerful effort, but it hits the Bologna midfielder and completely wrong foots Skroupski, travelling away from the keeper into the bottom-right corner. A slice of luck for the hosts.,1

Recently back from a ban and Milivojevic picks up a yellow card now for a particularly stupid challenge near the centre circle. Game management lacking a bit there.,2

GOAL! CHRISTIAN BENTEKE HAS A BRACE TOO! FIVE ON THE ROAD FOR CRYSTAL PALACE! 5-1! This has been a second-half rout and a half. What a result for Roy Hodgson; what a tough one for Slaven Bilic.,1

There will be no hat-trick for Zaha in the end here too as Michy Batshuayi replaces him for Palace's final change.,0

GOAL! WILFRIED ZAHA HAS A BRACE! 4-1! The frustrations of recent weeks are being exercised in cathartic fashion by the Eagles. Eze executes a neat one-two, cuts into the box and his loose touch falls to his striker who finishes off the outside of his boot.,1

In an attempt to stem the tide, West Brom make their second change with Grant replaced by Callum Robinson.,0

GOAL! CHRISTIAN BENTEKE GETS ON THE SCORESHEET! 3-1! It's Van Aanholt who hounds after a ball down the left flank, and nudges it back for the big striker who dinks a low header past the dumbstruck Johnstone. Crystal Palace are in full flow.,1

A Baggies corner is cleared by Eze and Gallagher is booked for attempting to drag him back. Sloppy by the West Brom man.,2

GOAL! WILFRIED ZAHA FOR CRYSTAL PALACE! 2-1! On his 200th Premier League start, the returning striker batters a beauty past Johnstone after the ball falls to him in a crowded box on the left edge. A beauty to put the visitors back in front.,1

McArthur gets booked for a clumsy challenge now as the Baggies threaten to break from inside their own half.,2

That man-down issue for the Baggies means they've made a change at the break, as Filip Krovinovic replaces Diangana.,0

He has! Referee Paul Tierney goes over to have a look at the monitor at Michael Oliver's recommendation and returns to send Pereira off! West Brom are down to 10 men!,3

GOAL! CONOR GALLAGHER PULLS IT BACK FOR WEST BROM! 1-1! Ajayi slips an arrow-straight ball to Furlong down the right wing, and the defender floats it back for the midfielder to drill home past Guaita in the right corner.,1

Sawyers catches Schlupp late as the Palace man threatens a break, and is handed a yellow card - the first of the match. It's arguably a tough call, with no malice in it.,2

PSG PULL LEVEL! Played through by Mbappe, Ramos finally sees his luck change in front of goal, bringing it back to 1-1 at Parc des Princes! The Portuguese striker stays cool to beat Ndiaye with a low shot into the bottom-left corner, and Clermont are left heartbroken! Can PSG now find a late winner?,1

For hauling back Cham on the halfway line, Ugarte is yellow-carded. That's the first booking for either side today.,2

Clermont skipper Magnin is now withdrawn, and Jacquet comes on to replace him for the closing stages.,0

With his team slipping towards a humbling defeat, Luis Enrique finally acts: the first change of a triple substitution sees Skriniar replaced by Marquinhos, who now ties with Jean-Marc Pilorget for most PSG appearances ever made (435).,0

A lonely shift up front comes to an end for Virginius, who set up this game's only goal. Nicholson replaces him.,0

CLERMONT STUN PARIS! They've done it again! Les Lanciers tend to raise their game against PSG! After some awful defending from the hosts, a brilliant pass on the turn by Virginius lands at the feet of Keita, whose deflected shot beats Tenas and nestles in the back of the net! Against all the odds, it's 1-0 to Clermont!,1

Wolves replace an attacker with a more defensive player as they look to tighten up. Hwang makes way for Dendoncker.,0

Rice trips Semedo to stop a counter-attack near the halfway-line and a yellow card is promptly shown.,2

Podence has been superb today - his direct dribbling has caused Cresswell plenty of issues, and his performance was capped off with an assist. He's now replaced by Traore. ,0

West Ham make two more changes as they search for an equaliser. The first sees Benrahma depart for Vlasic.,0

GOAL! JIMENEZ! 1-0 WOLVES. The hosts finally get the breakthrough they deserve. A sweeping move ends with Podence cutting it back to Jimenez who slots it into the bottom corner with a precise, low strike from 20 yards!   ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ODEGAARD HAMMERS HOME A FIFTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5-0 ARSENAL!!!!!! Odegaard blasts a left-footed rocket into the top-left corner to pour on the agony for Forest. Jesus turns an offload into the path of the Norway international and he weaves his way past two challenges before unleashing a powerful strike beyond Henderson before he can react.,1

Saliba is withdrawn for the home side and is replaced by Tierney. White will move to centre-back and Cedric will move to the right flank.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!! PARTEY SCORES A STUNNER!!!!! 4-0!!!! Partey scores the goal of the afternoon so far with a brilliant curling finish to find the top-right corner. Nelson is the architect on this occasion as he rolls an offload to the edge of the box for Partey to fire at goal. He bends his effort around two Forest defenders before finding the back of the net, leaving Henderson with no chance.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NELSON DOES IT AGAIN!!!!! 3-0 ARSENAL!!!!!!! The substitute notches his second of the game with a close-range finish. Arsenal work the ball well in tight quarters between Odegaard and Jesus in the inside-right channel. Jesus steers a cross to the near post where Nelson makes the run ahead of Yates to convert on his right foot. What an impact off the bench.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! NELSON SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!!! 2-0 ARSENAL!!!!! The Gunners score a vital second as Nelson converts second time around after seeing his first strike saved. Arsenal cut open the Forest defence as Partey releases Xhaka in the final third. He offloads to Jesus, who keeps the ball moving to Nelson in the inside-right channel. He steps past Freuler to shoot on his left foot. Henderson makes a good save, but the rebound falls kindly for Nelson to hammer home.,1

Nelson gets the nod to replace Saka down the right flank. Arteta and Gareth Southgate will be hopeful that it is not a serious injury.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MARTINELLI SCORES A SUBLIME DIVING HEADER!!!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!!!! Martinelli stoops to direct a low header into the bottom-right corner. Saka collects on the right flank and supplies a perfect cross for Martinelli to attack. The Brazilian connects and steers his effort away from Henderson into the back of the net.,1

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 2-0 NORWICH CITY! Ings puts toothless Norwich out of their misery! Ramsey's snap shot is saved by Krul. Buendia controls the rebound to find his fellow substitute, who fires home from the centre of the penalty area.,1

Rupp replaces the stricken Sargent, who only enjoyed a few minutes on the pitch. Norwich aren't getting any luck.,0

Villa are starting to rack up yellow cards. Ramsey's the latest player to land his name in the book as he hauls down Gilmour.,2

Williams races free down the left and is rudely clipped by Ings. That'll be a yellow card for the Villa substitute.,2

Iroegbunam's challenge on Lees-Melou earns him a yellow card. Lees-Melou is still in some discomfort.,2

Chambers is booked for hauling down Rashica, who had beaten him down the left. Dowell stands over the free-kick.,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 1-0 NORWICH CITY! Watkins punishes Norwich's lack of concentration! He latches onto Ings' direct pass, bamboozles Norwich's defenders and lashes the ball past Krul at a tight angle. There's no saving that.,1

Villa make that enforced substitution. Bailey walks off, explaining the issue to Gerrard. Ings will join Watkins up front.,0

Aarons picks up the game's first yellow card for preventing Coutinho from reaching a loose ball down the left.,2

Stambouli is booked for a foul in the build-up to that goal. He clipped Tolisso and the referee makes sure he is punished after the Bayern celebrations.,2

BAYERN 8-0 SCHALKE - Eight-nil. Incredible football from Bayern and they could get ten if Schalke are not careful. Lewandowski played in youngster Musiala, and he did the rest. He turned his marker inside and out before firing past Fahrmann.,1

Flick also makes a change at the back as Boateng is given a rest, with Richards stepping into the heart of defence.,0

BAYERN 7-0 SCHALKE - Sane gets his goal and boy does he deserve it. Kimmich's pass allowed him space and time to pick his spot, and the forward glides his shot into the far corner. So that is a debut goal and two assists against his former club.,1

BAYERN 6-0 SCHALKE - Muller this time, and it comes after a rabona from Lewandowski. The forward should have scored, but he delayed his shot and was forced to turn around and cross. His rabona found Muller and the German has smashed the ball past Fahrmann. Just incredible from the reigning champions.,1

BAYERN 5-0 SCHALKE - HAT-TRICK FOR GNABRY! The winger has not put a foot wrong tonight, and he benefits from some more good play from Sane. The ex-Manchester City forward charged towards goal, turned his marker and played in Gnabry. He kept his shot low and nutmegged Fahrmann before turning to thank his new team-mate. That partnership is doing to be incredible to watch this season.,1

Here come the Bayern changes. Goretzka has a goal to his name and his night is over, Tolisso replaces him in the middle of the park.,0

BAYERN 4-0 SCHALKE - New half, same outcome. The pace of Sane and Gnabry causes chaos at the back and the home side grab their first goal of the second half. Sane raced onto a pass before playing in Gnabry. Schalke keeper Fahrmann had already committed himself, meaning Gnabry had a simple tap-in.,1

BAYERN 3-0 SCHALKE - Lewandowksi is off the mark for the season, and that does not come as a surprise. The Poland star remained calm for the penalty and sent Fahrmann the wrong way. ,1

Kabak is booked for that challenge and he can have no complaints. Stupid challenge with Lewandowski about to shoot.,2

BAYERN 2-0 SCHALKE - GOAALLL! Goretzka doubles Bayern's lead with a low drive from the edge of the box. Flick's troops worked their way into the box before Goretzka was teed up on the edge of the box. The midfielder kept his body over the ball and with no backlift, he drilled his shot past Fahrmann.,1

BAYERN 1-0 SCHALKE - WHAT A GOALLLL!!! Gnabry latches onto a throughball, turns Stambouli and wraps his foot around the ball to find the top corner. Fahrmann has no chance in goal, and that is a perfect way to open your account for the season. ,1

Not a good look as the referee comes over to show Assignon a yellow card for diving, before O’Shea comes across to tell his team-mate to stop complaining and get up. The full-back is absolutely incensed with the match official as he trudges back to his position on the field, but Kompany is urging for his side to get the game restarted.,2

Looking to add a bit more stability in midfield as they try to see out the result, Spurs send Hojbjerg into the fray for Sarr.,0

One creative midfielder replaces another for Tottenham as Postecoglou switches Maddison with Lo Celso.,0

Needing at least two goals in three minutes, Kompany switches Foster with Fofana in the closing stages.,0

Sarr mistimes his sliding tackle on Odobert, leaving the striker on the ground holding his ankle. It’s a yellow card for the Spurs midfielder, the seventh booking of the match.,2

COMEBACK COMPLETE! 2-1 TOTTENHAM! Maddison plays a pass through the lines for the enterprising Van de Ven, who greets the ball with a chop inside to get away from O’Shea. Scarlett makes way and creates space for the centre-back, who manages to somehow put the ball on his left foot in a hurry before placing his strike into the bottom corner!,1

Burnley's goal scorer makes way with nine minutes left in the match, as Bruun Larsen comes off for Tresor.,0

Burnley make the first change of the game with 18 minutes to go, as Vitinho is taken off in favour of Benson.,0

Maddison manages to wriggle free of Bruun Larsen in midfield, before the winger catches up and uses one arm to throw his opponent to the ground. It’s a yellow card for Bruun Larsen - Burnley’s fourth of the contest.,2

Looking to prevent a counter-attack after giving possession away in midfield, Berge chases down Sarr and pushes him over, with the referee immediately showing a yellow card to the Burnley player.,2

Assignon sprints away from Skipp down the right wing, forcing the Tottenham full-back to grab his opponent from behind and drag him down to the pitch. It’s a yellow card for the foul, while Burnley are also given a free-kick 35 yards from goal.,2

Maddison sprints over to try and intercept Foster’s chipped pass forward for Assignon but he commits handball in the process, and is also shown a yellow card.,2

Looking to stop Kulusevski from latching onto a long pass into the channel, Taylor grabs the Sweden international with two arms and holds him in place, right in front of the linesman. The referee has no choice but to blow his whistle, and show the Burnley full-back a yellow card.,2

PARITY RESTORED! 1-1! Johnson and Porro play a simple give-and-go on the right wing, which somehow opens up acres of space ahead of the Tottenham full-back. Never one to reject an opportunity to get forward, Porro charges through into the 18-yard box and dispatches past Muric!,1

BURNLEY TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Muric plays a simple pass out from the back to Berge, who evades two tackles in midfield before dropping his shoulder to get past Porro. The Norway international draws another two defenders towards him before shaping his body and playing a beautifully weighted pass for Bruun Larsen, who latches on to the ball and slips his shot past Vicario!,1

A stop in play allows referee referee Jarred Gillett to go back and show Cullen the first yellow card of the match, for a late sliding challenge on the ankle of Maddison.,2

GOOOAL! Isak makes it 2-2! Oyarzabal picks up the ball on the left-hand side of the box before finding Monreal on the overlap, and the full-back then sees Ter Stegen parry his delivery into the path of Isak who finds the net from close range.,1

  GOOOAL! Suarez makes it 2-1 to Barcelona! Busquets produces an excellent pass to pick out the run of Messi as he beats the offside trap, and Messi then runs through on goal before squaring it to Suarez who taps home.,1

GOOOAL! Griezmann makes it 1-1! Suarez picks the ball up near the halfway line before driving forward and then sliding a neat pass through to Griezmann, and the attacker then surges into the left-hand side of the box before dinking it over Remiro.,1

GOOOAL! Oyarzabal makes it 1-0 to Sociedad! Oyarzabal takes his time with the run-up before slotting the ball into the bottom left-hand corner after sending Ter Stegen the wrong way.,1

VERONA LEAD! It's a great penalty by Pazzini as he curls his shot above Szczesny, who went the right way, and into the right side netting to put his side ahead. 2-1 Verona! ,1

VERONA EQUALISE! Pjanic tries to poke the ball away from Borini but ends up playing it right into his path. He gets one-on-one with Szczesny and curls his shot around the goalkeeper and into the bottom-right corner. 1-1!,1

Costa has gone down injured on the edge of the box and he instantly signals that he can't carry on. He comes off with the medical team and Ramsey is on to replace him.,0

JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! Ronaldo starts the move in his own half by playing the one-two with Bentancur as he makes a driving run forward that Rrahmani can't keep up with. He keeps his cool on the edge of the box and hits his shot into the bottom-left corner. 1-0 Juventus!,1

Alex Sandro picks up the first yellow card of the game after sliding in and catching Faraoni with a late tackle.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SARABIA EQUALISES WITH A STUNNER!!! 2-2!!! The game turns on its head in a matter of minutes. The French champions find themselves level courtesy of a super strike from Sarabia. He latches on to a loose ball in the box from Bernat's deflected cross. There's still work to do, but he belts his left-footed strike on the half-volley into the top corner. ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MBAPPE KEEPS THE GAME ALIVE!!! 2-1!!! PSG are back in the contest in a flash as Mbappe seizes on a mistake from Varane to tap home. Sarabia's cross causes all sorts of problems for Varane and Courtois as neither man takes responsibility. Mbappe follow the ball in to notch a simple goal.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA ICES THE GAME!!!! 2-0 MADRID!!! The Frenchman notches his second of the contest with a well-placed header from close range. Marcelo collects a lay-off from Isco and floats a cross to the back post. Benzema rises to direct his header downwards away from Navas into the bottom-left corner. A fine finish from the forward. ,1

Marcelo is booked for a late challenge on Marquinhos. The home fans are not happy about that decision.,2

A big decision from Tuchel at the break as he withdraws Gueye and brings on Neymar. An attacking move to say the least.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BENZEMA CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!! 1-0 MADRID!!! The home side break the deadlock after cutting open the PSG defence with a slick attacking move. Valverde and Carvajal combine with a neat one-two down the right flank. Valverde sends a low cross towards Isco in the box and the Spaniard sidefoots towards goal. His effort hits the post, but Benzema is in the right place at the time to knock home the rebound.,1

Evans is the first Manchester United player to be shown a yellow card after hacking Archer down on the left wing.,2

GOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! 2-1 MANCHESTER UNITED! The Red Devils have their breakthrough and it comes from an unlikely source. Lindelof works a pass inside from the left flank to Dalot, who curls a right-footed strike into the top-right corner from outside the area. Foderingham got a hand on the effort but failed to keep it out!,1

Souza is the third Sheffield United name to go into the book after a late and ugly sliding lunge on Antony, who stays down clutching his ankle after a hefty challenge.,2

Trusty joins Thomas in the book after jumping to block Rashford from taking a quick throw-in on the left flank. That was avoidable for the centre-back, who will now need to be careful on a yellow card.,2

Thomas drags down Antony as the winger races away down the right flank. Unsurprisingly, the full-back is shown a yellow card for his cynical intervention.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-1 AS SHEFFIELD UNITED HIT BACK IMMEDIATELY! McBurnie hovers over the spot-kick from 12 yards before hammering a right-footed strike in off the right post. Onana dives the right way but cannot stop the forward's thunderous effort from cannoning off the woodwork and into the back of the net!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! It's McTominay, the two-goal hero against Brentford, who strikes again! Lindelof works an offload inside to Fernandes, who loops a pass from the edge of the area into the box. McTominay races onto the high ball, chesting down before rifling a right-footed volley into the bottom-right corner. Foderingham is unmoved as Sheffield United fall behind.,1

GOAL!!! MARTINEZ HAS HIS SECOND!!! The in-form striker adds to his tally with another fine finish, turning home Cuadrado's sublime low cross to make it 4-0 to Inter! The Argentina international now has five goals in three games to kick off this season.,1

Thuram makes way for Arnautovic, perhaps frustrated he did not add to his tally after putting Inter in front.,0

With his team seemingly on course for all three points, Inzaghi looks to freshen it up, first bringing on Cuadrado for Dumfries.,0

GOAL!!! CALHANOGLU MAKES IT 3-0 FROM THE SPOT!!! The midfielder steps up and sends Christensen the wrong way, placing his penalty into the right of the net to surely put this game to bed!,1

With his team now two goals behind, Italiano again looks to his substitutes to make an impact. He introduces Infantino for Gonzalez.,0

GOAL!!! MARTINEZ DOUBLES INTER'S ADVANTAGE!!! After seeing a header brilliantly saved by Christensen moments ago, Martinez makes no mistake this time. He is played in brilliantly by Thuram before looking up, picking his spot and coolly firing into the back of the net to make it 2-0 to the hosts!,1

Rainieri receives the first booking of the contest for bringing down the marauding Thuram. You suspect he will be relatively happy to take that one for the team with the threatening Thuram bearing down on goal.,2

GOAL!!! THURAM GIVES INTER THE LEAD!!! He has looked a real threat so far and has now put his team ahead, ghosting past his marker at the back post to meet Dimarco's cross, before thundering a header past Christensen and into the net. The hosts are 1-0 up!,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 4-1 WOLVES! The referee makes the signal and Jesus' goal will stand. It turns out to be the last kick of the game.,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 3-1 WOLVES! City seal the win with a Mahrez special. Wolves play themselves into trouble at the back. Gundogan has the peace of mind to lay off to Sterling. Sterling's intercepted but the ball comes to Mahrez who slots coolly home into the bottom left corner.,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 2-1 WOLVES! Jesus restores the lead for City! Walker races onto Mahrez's throughball and rolls the ball across the six-yard box. It comes off the heel of the backtracking Dendoncker and lands kindly to Jesus who makes no mistake from close range.,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 1-1 WOLVES! It *is* the opportunity that Wolves have been waiting for! Moutinho plops the ball into the box and Coady plants a diving header into the far corner. It's the Wolves'captain's first ever Premier League goal!,1

Here's that Wolves substitution. Fabio Silva comes on for their left wing-back Jonny. Hoever will switch to that flank while Semedo will drop in on the right. Fabio Silva will give Wolves a clearer outlet up front.,0

Agbo kicks out at Brahim Diaz, who is furious with the challenge and has to be told to calm down by captain Marcelo. The referee books Agbo.,2

Mariano Diaz has not really made the most of his opportunity today. He is replaced by Vazquez for the closing stages.,0

Alvaro Garcia is on for Bebe in the home side's latest change. The outgoing player has put in a terrific shift.,0

This is a smart change from Perez, replacing booked midfielder Suarez with Medran to help see out the game. ,0

Modric, who has not had his finest of matches today, is replaced by Isco with around 15 minutes to go. Madrid win themselves a corner as Moreno gets across to help the ball behind.,0

Diaz catches Ba and is shown the fourth yellow card of the game. There has been far more of an edge to the match since the restart.,2

Suarez catches Ceballos from behind, getting nowhere near the ball, and is rightly shown a yellow card. Bale is now back on the field after receiving some treatment.,2

Modric is cautioned for catching Moreno in the face with a stray hand. That did not warrant the reaction it did from the Vallecano midfielder, who made the most of it to say the least.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! RAYO 1-0 MADRID! The division's bottom side take the lead as Embarba makes no mistake from the penalty spot. Courtois gets nowhere near the ball and now Madrid have it all to do against their local rivals.,1

A welcome sight for Chelsea as Pulisic returns from injury for his first appearance of the season to replace Hudson-Odoi.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JORGINHO SCORES AGAIN!!! 4-0!! Chelsea are cantering towards victory now as Jorginho notches his second with another cool penalty. It's a carbon-copy of his first spot-kick, placing his effort to the right away from Guaita.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JORGINHO CONVERTS!!! 3-0!! The Italy international holds his composure from 12 yards to all but secure the win for Chelsea this afternoon. He does his trademark hop on his run-up before placing a right-footed strike into the right side of the net away from the dive of Guaita.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ZOUMA HEADS HOME!!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!!! The Blues have control now as Zouma finds the net. Chilwell sees his corner repelled, but the Blues recycle possession. The England full-back gets a second chance and puts his delivery on the money. Zouma gets above Kouyate and glances his header away from Guaita into the top-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHILWELL BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!! A mistake at the back from Sakho allows Chelsea to take the lead. Hudson-Odoi tries to beat the challenge of the Frenchman, who stops his progress. However, he slices his clearance straight to Azpilicueta. The Spaniard lifts a cross into the box where Abraham diverts it into the path of Chilwell. The left-back hammers a left-footed strike past Guaita into the net to notch his first goal for the club.,1

Arsenal make their third and final substitution, with Xhaka coming off and he has been replaced by new signing, Lucas Torreira.,0

GOOOAAALLL! CITY LEAD 2-0. Bernardo Silva doubles the Champions lead, after a shaky 10 minutes in which Arsenal were starting to get on top. Mendy races forward down the left, plays a one-two with Sterling and the cuts the ball back to Silva who fired the ball past Cech, who had no chance.,1

Manchester City make their first substitution of the afternoon, with Mahrez coming off and he has been replaced by De Bruyne.,0

Arsenal make their second substitution of the game, with Ramsey the man coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Lacazette.,0

Xhaka is shown a yellow card by the referee after clipping the heels of Aguero, as he broke forward on the counter-attack.,2

Maitland-Niles is unable to run off the problem he picked up a few moments ago and he has been replaced by Lichtsteiner.,0

Sokratis is shown the first yellow card of the game as he brings Aguero down, right on the edge of the penalty area. City now have a free-kick in an excellent position.,2

GOOOAAALLL! MAN CITY LEAD 1-0! Sterling opens up the scoring here at the Emirates and the Champions take an early lead. It's a terrific solo effort from the winger, he cuts inside from the left, takes on two Arsenal players and then just places the ball into the bottom corner. Cech had no chance of saving that, but it's far too easy for Sterling after poor defending by the Gunners as they didn't close him down quick enough.,1

De Jong makes way on the night he scored his fifth Champions League goal for PSV. Defender Sainsbury is on to shut up shop.,0

GOOOOOAAALL! Harry Kane comes up with the goods! Llorente knocks down a ball to the England man, and he rifles it past Zoet, into the corner. 1-1. A big 10 minutes are on the way for Spurs.,1

Lozano is the first player to see yellow at Wembley tonight after sliding in on Winks from behind. Clear-cut enough for the referee there.,2

GOOOAAALLL already! De Jong leaps just as high as Alderweireld in the Tottenham box, but the Belgian defender just mistimes his jump, allowing the PSV man to power home. 1-0 to the visitors!,1

Sporting are clearly frustrated with how this evening has panned out for them, and Battaglia, who has had a poor game, is shown a late booking for dissent.,2

Leno easily collects the resulting corner and quickly kick-starts a counter-attack, but it's immediately brought to an end by a poor foul from Ramsey, who leaves the referee with no choice but to show him a late yellow card.,2

GOAL! Arsenal are in front! A terrible mistake by Coates allows the ball to roll into the penalty area and towards Welbeck, who immediately picks up possession and blasts a great shot past Ribeiro to make it 1-0.,1

Aubameyang receives the ball 25 yards away from goal and is immediately clattered into from behind by Coates, leaving the referee with no choice but to award Arsenal a free kick and show the defender a yellow card.,2

Mkhitaryan is beaten on the break and decides to cynically trip Battaglia from behind, leaving the referee with no choice but to show him a yellow card.,2

Well, that was quick! With around 25 seconds on the clock, Holding has already gone into the referee's book after clattering into the back of Montero as they battled for the ball in the air.,2

The yellow card is out for the first time today, and it's Acuna who has received it. The Argentine slipped and caught Lichtsteiner with a slightly high tackle, resulting in a free kick for Arsenal deep down the right wing.,2

MILAN TAKE THE LEAD WITH TWO MINUTES REMAINING! 1-0! Bonaventura’s shot from distance forces a great diving parry from Sepe, who is looking for a defender to clear his lines. The whack away hits off of Hernandez in the penalty area, who lunges forward and stabs it past the goalkeeper at the far post!,1

Parma make their second change, as Brugman is replaced by Cornelius. The introduction of a more traditional striker allows Kucka - a more natural central midfielder - to drop back into the centre of the pitch from his role as a forward.,0

Bennacer is shown the match’s first yellow card, for grappling with and impeding the path of Kulusevski. ,2

Double change for Lyon now as they try to run down the clock and Dubois is the first to make way for Tete.,0

The yellow card is out again, this time for Marcal after he brought down Danilo to stop Juventus' counter-attack.,2

RONALDO SCORES! It's a brilliant finish from Ronaldo as he gets the ball on the edge of the box and he curls his shot around the Lyon defender. Lopes gets a hand to it, but there's nothing he can do to stop it finding the back of the net. 2-1 Juventus! (2-2 on aggregate).,1

RONALDO SCORES! It's a confident run up from Ronaldo and he sends Lopes the wrong way as he sidefoots his shot into the bottom-right corner to pull one back for Juventus. 1-1! (2-1 Lyon on aggregate).,1

DEPAY SCORES! It's a confident spot-kick from the captain as he gets his side an important away goal. Szczesny dives to his right but Depay goes straight down the middle with a panenka. 1-0 Lyon! (2-0 on aggregate).,1

Diakhaby is booked after he tries to get the ball off Kolasinac and get the game started as quickly as possible.,2

Kolasinac is shown a yellow card after the goal, as he refuses to give the ball back to Huddersfield and is involved in a coming together with Diakhaby.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Huddersfield pull one back, it's 2-1! It's a scrappy goal but Huddersfield won't care one bit, can they complete an unlikely comeback in injury time? Diakhaby gets into the box and his shot bounces up off Leno and towards goal, but the final touch comes off Kolasinac under pressure from Bacuna.,1

Huddersfield make their second change, with Puncheon coming off and he has been replaced by Depoitre.,0

Huddersfield make their first substitution of the game, with Kongolo the man coming off, perhaps due to his yellow card. Durm is the man to replace him.,0

Maitland-Niles is shown a yellow card after he drags Kongolo to the floor down the left wing, as the Huddersfield man got away from him. A poor challenge to make as Torreira was there covering.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Lacazette doubles Arsenal's lead, it's 2-0! Huddersfield haven't look confident at the back for a while and they've struggled to deal with the pace of Maitland-Niles, who creates this goal. Mkhitaryan spots Maitland-Niles's and plays him in, his first cross into the box is blocked, but the second pass finds Lacazette perfectly at the far post, who has a simple tap-in from just a couple of yards out.,1

Schindler is the first player to be shown a yellow card after his late challenge on Lacazette. The referee allows play to continue initally as Arsenal still have the ball and Iwobi is played through on goal, but the offside flag is raised.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal lead 1-0! Iwobi was unmarked at the far post as a deep cross came into the penalty area from Kolasinac, straight over the heads of the Huddersfield defenders. Iwobi volleyed the ball towards goal first time, it took a big deflection off Kongolo and wrong-footed Hamer, bouncing into the back of the net.,1

Here comes the double Newcastle substitution, the first of which sees Ritchie replaced by Sean Longstaff.,0

City make their first substitution, with Cancelo the man coming off and he has been replaced by Mendy.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Torres gets his hat-trick and makes it 4-3! They've turned it around again! Cancelo cuts onto his right foot and fires an effort towards goal, which beats Dubravka, but strikes the right post and then comes straight to Torres. The winger has to quickly adjust his feet, but does brilliantly to volley it into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! City are level once again, it's 3-3! It's only taken two minutes for City to get back into the game, with Torres getting his second of the match. They pick up the pace and Jesus does brilliantly down the right wing, getting to the byline and drilling a cross into the box, which Torres turns into the back of the net from the edge of the six-yard box.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Newcastle lead 3-2! Carson produces an excellent save to deny Willock from the penalty spot, but the ball then rebounds back to him and despite a slight slip, he manages to slide it into the back of the net from close range.,1

Shelvey is booked after a cynical foul on Torres to bring him down and stop a counter-attack. The winger is now down with an injury and the medical team are on the pitch, but he should be fine to continue.,2

Cancelo is booked after he drags Murphy down, as the right-back steals it off him and then kicks the ball away in frustration. Needless yellow card to pick up.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Joelinton makes no mistake from the penalty spot, smashing the ball into the back of the net and he makes it 2-2! The striker won the penalty, after being brought down by Ake and then stepped up to convert it, with Carson having no chance of stopping it.,1

GOOOAAALLL! City take the lead, what a finish from Torres to make it 2-1! Gundogan delivers a lovely free-kick into the penalty area from the left wing and Torres shows great skill to acrobatically flick it into the back of the net. It’s just out of the reach of Dubravka as it loops over him.,1

GOOOAAALLL! City have the equaliser, Cancelo makes it 1-1! The visitors press forward and keep pushing, not allowing Newcastle to get out of their own box and the ball comes to Cancelo on the edge of the box to the left from Rodri and he drills a low strike towards goal, which takes a big deflection off Murphy, sending it flying into the bottom right corner of the net. Dubravka couldn’t do anything about it.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Ritchie as he deliberately brings Jesus down to stop a City attack.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Newcastle take a surprise lead, it’s 1-0! Shelvey sends an excellent corner delivery into the box and Krafth rises above Ake to power a header into the back of the net, with Carson having no chance of stopping it. Completely against the run of play, with City dominating, but the hosts are in front.,1

Klaassen is on the pitch for less than a minute before he’s shown a yellow card, for a sliding challenge from behind on Posch before arguing about the throw-in decision.,2

Inzaghi has now replaced all three of his starting midfielders, with Barella the latest to make way. Klaassen gets an opportunity to stretch his legs.,0

The direct and incisive Orsolini is introduced by Motta, and sent over to the right wing in favour of Odgaard.,0

Zirkzee is replaced with 11 minutes to go, giving Castro a chance to get Bologna back on level terms.,0

Continuing to shuffle his deck, Motta takes off Saelemaekers in favour of Ndoye, who has 16 minutes to try and find an equaliser.,0

Bologna's first substitution of the game is done to reinforce the midfield, as Moro is thrown into the fray for Aebischer.,0

Having played a match on Monday, Inzaghi is looking to keep his side fresh as he makes another change. Arnautovic is the entrant and will be looking to score against his former side, while Thuram sees his number go up on the board.,0

Inzaghi makes a change in midfield just after the hour, with Frattesi sent on to give Mkhitaryan an early rest.,0

Freuler attempts to challenge for the ball but misses it entirely, stepping on the foot of Mkhitaryan instead, which prompts the referee to show the Bologna midfielder a yellow card.,2

INTER STRIKE FIRST! 1-0! Augusto goes on a run down the left wing before laying it off to Bastoni, with the centre-back sweeping an inch-perfect first-time cross to the far post for Bisseck. The centre-back charges forward to meet it, stumbling into an awkward diving header which takes the ball down into the ground before bouncing high into the roof of the net!,1

After the ball goes behind the line, the referee brings play back and shows Zirkzee a yellow card for a late challenge on Calhanoglu.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MUSIALA GETS ON THE SCORESHEET!!!! 5-0!!! Bayern score their fifth of the afternoon as Musiala converts at the back post. Kimmich threads a pass through to Sane on the charge and he cuts the ball back across the box. Goretzka sees his effort charged down, but Musiala pounces on the rebound to steer his strike past Trapp.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SANE SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 4-0 BAYERN!!! The winger finds the net with a sublime effort from the edge of the box. Sane runs at the Frankfurt backline down the right flank before cutting back to shoot on his left foot. His strike bends away from Trapp and into the top-left corner. That was unstopabble. ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! LEWANDOWSKI NOTCHES HIS HAT-TRICK!!!! 3-0 BAYERN!!!! The Pole scores his third of the afternoon with a clinical finish from close range. Douglas Costa threads the needle to release him through on goal. Lewandowski's first touch is perfect and he then bends his right-footed strike past Trapp into the bottom-right corner. An outstanding performance from the forward.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES A SECOND!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!! The Pole notches his second goal of the afternoon as he rises above Ilsanker to find the left corner of the net with a header. Kimmich puts his delivery on point from the right flank from a corner. Lewandowski does the rest with a great leap before displaying pinpoint accuracy with his header. A fine goal.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI PUTS BAYERN AHEAD!!! 1-0!!!! The home cut open Frankfurt at the back with a brisk counter and the Pole provides the finish. Goretzka wins a header in the middle of the park before Muller finds Coman. He releases Lewandowski in acres of space in the box and he rifles a left-footed strike past Trapp into the bottom-right corner.,1

Mariano is shown a yellow card for reaching out and striking Gomez with an arm during a physical battle for the ball.  ,2

Guilherme Arana is unable to continue after picking up a knock and will be replaced by Nolito with five minutes remaining.,0

Ever Banega receives a yellow card for having a nibble at the heel of Ceballos. This gives Real Madrid a real chance to put the ball in the box.    ,2

Luka Modric will play no further part in this match as he comes off for Dani Ceballos who will try to make his mark on the match with 20 minutes remaining.  ,0

Quincy Promes comes off the bench to make another substitute appearance – replacing Wissam Ben Yedder.,0

The frustration is mounting for the Real Madrid players as Luka Modric finds his way into the referee's book for his protestations. ,2

The Real Madrid manager has seen enough of his central striker and chooses to replace him. Mariano comes on for Benzema.,0

BEN YEDDER MAKES IT THREE! Unbelievable scenes at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan as Sevilla find the net yet again! A short corner-kick routine allows Banega to deliver the ball into the box from a different angle. Varane meets the cross with a clearing header but only finds Vazquez just outside the penalty area. The midfielder volleys a pass forward and finds Ben Yedder onside! From there, the striker smashes his shot past Courtois! 3-0 Sevilla.  ,1

A first booking of the match goes the way of Gareth Bale for jumping through the back of Franco Vazquez during an aerial duel.,2

IT’S A BRACE FOR SILVA! Real Madrid have fallen apart on the counter-attack! A Madrid corner-kick is cleared by Sevilla who get it immediately to Navas on the right who busts a gut to get into the penalty area. The captain fires a shot at Courtois who parries it right into the centre of the penalty area for Silva who arrived in the area slightly after Navas. Another simple tap-home finish for the Portugal striker who needs one more for the hat-trick. ,1

SEVILLA OPEN THE SCORING! Sarabia steals the ball from Casemiro in midfield after a sloppy pass from Marcelo and he immediately looks up and sends an incisive pass into the channel for Navas who gets into the penalty area and squares it for Silva! From inside the six-yard box, it is an easy finish for the Portugal international! 1-0 Sevilla!,1

MAYULU SCORES! PSG's three-goal cushion is restored! It's a confident finish for the youngster as Kylian Mbappe slides it across to him on the right side of the box. Morgan is quickly closing him down, but the substitute gets the shot away just in time, lifting it just over Matimbou to get his first goal for the club. 4-1 PSG!,1

SAINT-RUF PULLS ONE BACK! Orleans have a consolation! They win a corner, and it's a brilliant delivery from Fortune. It's just out of Luth's reach at the near post, but Saint-Ruf is unmarked behind him, and the captain nods the ball past Navas into the back of the net. 3-1!,1

RAMOS SCORES! Orleans are caught out by a long ball over the top as Marquinhos lifts it out to Mbappe on the edge of the box. A slight glancing touch from Berthier forces him slightly wide, so instead of going for goal, he clips it into the far post where Ramos is unmarked, and he thumps a header into the back of the net. 3-0 PSG!,1

Orleans are making a double change to try and inject some more energy into their game. Goujon is the first to go off, with Berthier on for him.,0

MBAPPE SCORES! It's a confident spot-kick to get his second goal of the game! He walks up to the spot, stuttering his steps slightly while keeping his eyes locked on the goalkeeper. Matimbou does dive the right way, but the powerful strike is just out of his reach. 2-0 PSG!,1

Ramos is caught on the ball, and once more, PSG look shaky as they deal with a counter-attack. Fortune slides it forward for Dabasse, who is clumsily pushed on the edge of the D by Beraldo, and the defender picks up the first booking of the game.,2

MBAPPE SCORES! It's been coming for PSG! The threat comes down their left this time, with Kolo Muani sliding it down the wing for Asensio. His pull-back from the byline is parried away by Matimbou, but Saint-Ruf can't get enough on his clearance to get it away. Kolo Muani helps it to Mbappe, who makes no mistake as he slots it into the near bottom corner. 1-0 PSG!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! BRIGHTON 2-3 MAN UNITED!! Fernandes fires the penalty into the top-right corner, with Ryan diving the wrong way. Brighton will not have a chance to respond as the full-time whistle has sounded.,1

Jahanbakhsh, unhappy with the decision to award the late penalty, is cautioned by the referee for something he said.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 2-2 MAN UNITED!!! The hosts finally have their equaliser in the sixth minute of added time! Jahanbakhsh's cross from the right is crying out to be converted and March does exactly that at the back post, heading into a half-empty net after being left completely alone.,1

Van de Beek is brought on with time pretty much up at the Amex Stadium. Martial is the player to make way.,0

Dunk drags back Rashford's shirt to stop the United forward from breaking clear, earning himself a yellow card in the process.,2

White shoves Shaw off the ball to halt a United counter. The referee reaches into his pocket to show the Brighton defender a yellow card.,2

Solskjaer turns to his bench for the first time today by bringing on Fred for Pogba to shore up his midfield.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 1-2 MAN UNITED!! INCREDIBLE GOAL FROM RASHFORD! The United forward cuts inside White from the left, sends his opponent to the ground for a second time and eventually fires a left-footed drive into the top-right corner, via a deflection off Dunk. This will not go down as a second Dunk own goal, though, as the initial shot was on target.,1

Trossard bundles Shaw off the ball to pick up a yellow card and concede a free-kick in a dangerous zone.,2

Matic catches Connolly in the face with his hand when attempting to hold off his opponent. He is the second player to be cautioned today.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! BRIGHTON 1-0 MAN UNITED!!! As cheeky as you like from Maupay. He beats De Gea with a Panenka down the middle to give Brighton a deserved lead.,1

Henderson is withdrawn and is booed off the field by the Newcastle fans due to his Sunderland history. Fabinho replaces the Liverpool skipper.,0

Van Dijk attacks a corner from the right flank and heads towards goal. Mane sticks out a boot to try to steer it past Dubravka on the line, but he catches the keeper in the process. Mane is booked for his challenge.,2

Willock spins away from Gomez down the left flank and is brought down by the full-back. Gomez goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KEITA PRODUCES A COMPOSED FINISH!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! Keita does extremely well in the final third to play a one-two with Jota before rounding Dubravka to fire home. Milner starts the move with a fine challenge on Schar to win the ball on the slide. Liverpool work the ball to the right flank where Keita goes for the give-and-go with Jota, who releases him with a sublime pass. There is still work to do for the midfielder, but he creates the angle to round Dubravka before firing past two players on the line with his left foot.,1

Newcastle make a change to eat up time. Ritchie replaces the substitute Gordon. They don't need it though, as the final whistle blows!,0

GOAL! BRENTFORD 1-2 NEWCASTLE UNITED! Isak controls a pass inside from Wilson and sweeps into the top right corner from inside the D! That's sensational from the Swede.,1

Botman's booked for that instance of overeager defending. Toney will get a second chance to grab this game's opening goal.,2

That's a shame for Jansson, who'd made a positive start to this match. Zanka replaces him at centre-back for Brentford.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! WHITTAKER SCORES A FINE GOAL!!! 3-1!!!! Swansea get a goal back to deny City a clean sheet. Whittaker collects a cross from the left from Manning and controls the ball in the middle. He strikes on the half-volley low and hard towards goal, beating Steffen and finding the bottom-right corner.,1

Dhanda catches Rodri late and goes into the boox. The Spaniard remains down on the pitch and in need of treatment.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! JESUS HAMMERS HOME!!!! 3-0 CITY!!! The visitors take complete control of the game as Jesus scores rom close range. Silva floats a header into the path of the Brazilian in the box. He brushes off the attempt of Latibeaudiere to win the ball. Jesus swivels before smashing a first-time strike on his left foot into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! STERLING FINDS THE NET!!!!! 2-0 CITY!! Swansea endure an awful start to the second half, gifting the visitors a second goal. Rodri wins the ball in the middle of the park and finds Sterling in acres of space. The forward has space and time to place his effort into the bottom-right corner, giving Woodman no chance.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WALKER SCORES DIRECT FROM A CROSS!!!! 1-0 CITY!!! City take the lead through an element of fortune. Walker tries to whip a cross towards the back post from the right flank. Torres runs across, but fails to make contact. It travels through the forward and past a stranded Woodman, who cannot react in time.,1

RED CARD FOR BURNLEY! Lowton arrives late on Chambers and takes the Villa centre-back out. It's a nasty tackle on first viewing, albeit one made more in desperation than malice. VAR watches it back a few times and agrees with the referee's decision to send the Burnley substitute off.,3

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 1-1 BURNLEY! Buendia makes amends for giving a penalty away with a sublime finish! The Argentine ghosts into the box to volley McGinn's right-wing cross into the turf and past Pope! That's another twist in the tale at the bottom of the Premier League.,1

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 0-1 BURNLEY! Barnes sends Martinez the wrong way and slots the ball calmly into the bottom left corner of the net! What a big goal that could be in the context of the relegation battle! It's Barnes' first Premier League goal since February last year.,1

Insigne also goes off for Milik - a more traditional striker - as Gattuso looks to go more direct in the closing stages.,0

Gattuso makes his second change of the night, bringing Politano on for Callejon to freshen things up in attack.,0

Zielinski is booked for hauling Messi down as he broke away. The subsequent free-kick is woeful, however, and flies over everyone and behind for a goal-kick.,2

GOAL!! INSIGNE SCORES!! The Italian converts his penalty, striking low into the bottom-left corner! It's 3-1 now, and Napoli aren't quite out of the running yet!,1

GOAL!! SUAREZ SCORES FROM THE SPOT! After what feels like an age, Suarez steps up to the spot and sends Ospina diving the wrong way before dispatching the penalty into the top-right corner. It's 3-0 to Barcelona now!,1

GOAL!!! WHAT A GOAL FROM MESSI!!! Barcelona's build-up play is immaculate and Suarez sweeps wide to Messi on the right. There's four Napoli players between him and the goal, but he jinks his way through Insigne, Koulibaly and Rui and ends up on the turf, but a deflection takes the ball back into his path and he goes again, curling the ball into the bottom-left corner around Manolas despite being off-balance again! It's 2-0 to Barcelona now!,1

GOAL!!! BARCELONA TAKE THE LEAD! Koulibaly goes down in the box as a corner comes in and Lenglet rises, unmarked, to nod the ball past a diving Ospina and into the far corner! It's 1-0 to Barcelona!,1

RED CARD! Delph takes a big swing at the ball and gets it, but catches Pereira with his studs on the follow-through. The Leicester players are furious and the referee brandishes the red card! Delph has almost certainly put an end to City's slim chances of snatching a late result now. ,3

Vardy thinks he's clean through but he's penalised for a shove and picks up a yellow card for his troubles. ,2

Mahrez comes on against his old club for Bernardo Silva as Guardiola desperately searches for answers. ,0

GOAL!!!! LEICESTER TAKE THE LEAD! WHAT A STRIKE FROM PEREIRA! It's 2-1 and City look stunned. Albrighton's corner is headed away by Sane to the edge of the box, but Pereira latches onto it and thumps an unstoppable shot across Ederson and into the far corner! What a hit! ,1

Attacking midfielder Maddison goes off for right-back Simpson as Puel looks to hold what his side have.,0

That pass is De Bruyne's last of the game as he is replaced by David Silva for the final 20 minutes. ,0

It's a bold change by Puel as Choudhury makes way for Gray on the flank. He believes his side can win.,0

Maguire stretches clumsily and fells Bernardo Silva, picking up a yellow card for the late challenge. ,2

GOAL!!! Leicester are level!! Well, that lead didn't last long! Vardy is released down the left and he uses his pace to accelerate down the channel before cutting back and curling a wonderful cross to the back post. Albrighton gets away from Delph, attacks it and guides a deft header into far corner and past Ederson! It's 1-1!,1

GOAL!! Bernardo Silva puts City 1-0 up! Laporte steps out of defence well and plays a lovely, sharp pass into the feet of Aguero, who helps it on for the Portuguese midfielder running into the box. Chilwell is playing him onside and the flag rightly stays down as he takes a touch and calmly slots the ball into the bottom-right corner past the advancing Schmeichel! ,1

Molina shows good strength to keep control of a bouncing ball before finding Morata, but he's barrelled over by Ely in a challenge that was always going to yield a yellow card.,2

Puigmal races onto a loose ball and looks to advance over halfway, but he's shunted to the ground by Saul, whose first contribution to the game is being shown a yellow card!,2

Llorente has another tussle down that right-hand side but his inside cross is cleared, and the Spanish international is then brought off for Saul Niguez in Atletico's final change.,0

RED CARD!!! Ely is caught in the air by Reguilon's elbow, and the referee is quick to blow for the free-kick and holds another yellow card aloft, and Reguilon's second booking in just four minutes means he's sent off! A nervy last few moments coming up for Atletico now, to say the very least.,3

Almeria captain Robertone has run the show in a frantic midfield battle, and he's replaced late on by Arnau Puigmal.,0

Mendes charges down the line looking to get on the other end of a one-two with Robertone. He's pulled back by Reguilon before clattering into Hermoso, sparking a melee between the substitutes and warranting a yellow card for the Almeria winger!,2

Reguilon did pull Mendes back and was straight into him as soon as the winger collided with Hermoso, and the on-loan Tottenham full-back is also shown a booking.,2

Embarba has also gone close on several occasions for Almeria, but he comes off now for Houboulang Mendes to play out the final minutes.,0

Correa comes off following that miss, and centre-back Felipe comes on, which will likely see Witsel push forward into midfield.,0

Lemar also comes off for Alvaro Morata to come into the attack, in a change that will likely see the Rojiblancos change to a 4-3-3 formation.,0

Embarba clatters into Griezmann and shoves the French forward to ground as he releases a pass, and is subsequently shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Toure scored the equaliser with a powerful diving header, but comes off now for on-loan Colombian striker Luis Suarez. No, not that one.,0

Koke will play no further part in this game for Atleti, with the Rojiblancos captain replaced by Pablo Barrios at half-time.,0

Toure looks to set off on another forward run, but he's caught by the long leg of Kondogbia, who concedes the free-kick and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

GOOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! A thumper of an equaliser!!! Pozo wins a header and finds Robertone with it, who swings a peach of a cross into the box. Toure launches himself towards the ball, beating Witsel to it, and his diving header flies past Oblak and into the back of the net! What desire to get there first from Toure, and what a way for Almeria to get back on level terms at 1-1!,1

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL The Rojiblancos are off the mark!!! Kondogbia squeezes a pass forward for Griezmann, who dummies to allow the ball to roll in behind the defence. Correa darts onto the ball and is one-on-one with the goalkeeper, before arrowing a shot between Martinez's legs and into the back of the net! The first real sight of goal in this game for either side, and from it, the visitors take a 1-0 lead!,1

A loose ball breaks towards Reinildo, but Baptistao slides in wildly and catches the left-back, sending Reinildo flying and resulting in a yellow card for the Almeria forward.,2

Yamal's shift comes to an early end, as Joao Felix trots on with the improbable task of saving this game.,0

Ferran Torres comes on for Lewandowski, who has made little impact aside from converting his penalty.,0

Xavi makes another double change, but surely it's all too late? First, Sergi Roberto is replaced by Romeu in midfield.,0

SUPER-SUB PORTU STRIKES AGAIN! Incredibly, Portu records his third goal involvement since arriving on the pitch as a substitute - and what a way to do it! Latching on to a high angled ball from Savio, he volleys first time back across goal and into the bottom-left corner! Ter Stegen is left stunned! It's now 4-2 to Girona!,1

An exasperated Xavi responds to his side's second-half meltdown: first, Christensen is replaced by Pedri.,0

WHAT A COMEBACK! Within the blink of an eye, Girona lead 3-2! having scored only moments after arriving from the bench, Portu now plays in Miguel, who charges into the centre of the area and finds the net with a heavily deflected shot! It was diverted off Kounde, leaving Ter Stegen helpless! As things stand, Real Madrid will be confirmed as champions today!,1

GIRONA DRAW LEVEL! Seconds after leaving the bench, Portu prods home to make it 2-2, converting Dovbyk's pass from close range! What an impact from the substitute! It's all to play for at Montilivi!,1

BARCA BACK IN FRONT! Lewandowski stutters his run and then slips a cool spot-kick past Gazzaniga and into the bottom-left corner of the net! It's now 2-1 to Barcelona, just ahead of half-time! That's the striker's 13th La Liga goal involvement of 2024!,1

Sergi Roberto is the third Barcelona player to see yellow today, having shown dissent towards the referee when Yamal had a penalty claim rejected.,2

A desperate late lunge on Savio, who is sprinting towards Barcelona's area at top speed, results in Kounde picking up a merited yellow card. It was a pretty cynical challenge.,2

GIRONA STRIKE BACK! It's a remarkable start at Montilivi! 1-1! After Martin progresses down the left flank, then cuts inside Araujo, his neat cutback finds Dovbyk in the centre. Of course, La Liga's top scorer converts from close range, his header bringing Girona level just seconds after going one goal down!,1

BARCA LEAD! The Blaugrana go 1-0 up early on - and what a way to do it! Yamal plays a superb reverse pass towards the area for Christensen, who chests the ball down before volleying it emphatically into the net! It's a brilliant start for Xavi's men!,1

Cullen drags down Gibbs-White to stop a Forest counter-attack and the Burnley midfielder has no complaints for the yellow card shown.,2

RED CARD! Amid the carnage of blocks inside the Forest area, Foster swings out at Yates with a petulant elbow. Referee Jones doesn’t immediately spot it, but after a VAR review and looking at the touchline monitor, the Burnley striker is shown a straight red card! The Clarets are down to 10 for the closing minutes.,3

Awoniyi comes off after another productive outing, with Wood – who scored the winner in Forest's last home game – introduced for the final few minutes.,0

Beyer's game is over as the centre-back hobbles off. Delcroix sprints on to take his place in the heart of the Burnley defence.,0

After running Montiel all over the place in the first half, Koleosho is withdrawn for Tresor's Burnley debut.,0

Scorer of a delightful equaliser, Hudson-Odoi, makes way for Milan loanee Origi to make his Forest home debut.,0

WHAT A GOALLLLLLLLLLLL! FOREST MAKE IT 1-1! Hudson-Odoi introduces himself to the City Ground in an incredible manner. A long cross to the back post is controlled by Awoniyi before the striker offloads to the former Chelsea winger, who steps inside and curls a beautiful right-footed effort in off the right post. Trafford has absolutely no hope of stopping that one. A brief VAR check for an Awoniyi handball comes before the goal can stand!,1

That will be that for Montiel, whose first start in the Premier League comes to an abrupt end. Arsenal loanee Tavares races on to play left-back, with Aina switching to the right flank.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLL! 1-0 BURNLEY! Koleosho continues to torment Montiel as the teenage winger drives to the byline before cutting back with a low cross towards the edge of the area. Foster fluffs his lines with the first attempt, although his miscue deflects into the path of Amdouni, who smashes a left-footed half-volley into the bottom-left corner. Turner has no chance as the Forest goalkeeper is unsighted by a wall of red shirts!,1

Montiel scythes down Brownhill with a late lunge as the Forest right-back clatters into the Burnley captain. Argentina's World Cup winner joins team-mate Mangala in the referee's book, and the Clarets have a promising free-kick out wide.,2

Mangala makes a cynical foul in midfield by dragging down Cullen. The Forest midfielder is not cautioned for the foul, but instead for blocking Brownhill from taking a quick free-kick.,2

Trafford needlessly takes an age over a deep free-kick inside his own half, and referee Jones decides enough is enough. The Clarets goalkeeper is shown a yellow card without any prior warning – just 11 minutes into the game!,2

GOAAAALLLLLL! SUAREZ PUTS ATLETICO BACK IN FRONT! It's lovely play from the visitors as Saul feeds it into the path of Felix who has made a great run. The youngster spots Suarez at the back post and gives his team-mate the simplest of tap-ins with a pinpoint delivery. 2-1 Atletico!,1

RED CARD! After initially showing Laguardia a yellow card, the referee upgrades it to red after consulting the monitor. Lemar did look clean through so it's hard to argue with the decision. The hosts have a mountain to climb now!,3

GOOOAAAAALLLLL! ATLETICO LEAD 1-0! It's so sloppy from the hosts who give the ball straight to Suarez from midfield. The Uruguayan feeds it into the path of Llorente whose shot takes a wicked deflection off Laguardia and finds the bottom corner. 1-0!,1

Carrasco is the first player to be cautioned by the referee for catching Sainz in the face with a flailing arm.,2

Goretzka takes a knock and is withdrawn by the visitors. Tolisso replaces the German in the Bayern midfield.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GLADBACH HAVE FIVE!!!! EMBOLO PRODUCES A CRISP FINISH!!!! 5-0!!!!! Gladbach are in dreamland as Embolo notches their fifth of the night. Netz knocks a simple ball behind the Bayern defence for Embolo to chase. He takes a touch before steering a left-footed strike away from Neuer into the bottom-right corner. All too easy for the hosts.,1

Davies is withdrawn for Coman. Bayern have to force the issue, although a comeback is beyond even them at this stage.,0

Upemecano is withdrawn after a poor performance at the back for the visitors. Sule replaces him in the centre of the defence.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! EMBOLO MAKES IT FOUR!!!! 4-0 GLADBACH!!!!!! The home side surely put the tie beyond doubt as Embolo buries a low strike through the legs of Neuer. The forward latches on to a long ball over the top from Elvedi and outbattles Upamecano for possession. He holds his composure blasting his right-footed strike on the half-volley into the back of the net.,1

Upamecano slides in on Embolo down the left flank and gives away a free-kick in a dangerous position. The defender goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BENSEBAINI CONVERTS FROM 12 YARDS!!!! 3-0 GLADBACH!!!!!! The home side are in dreamland as Bensebaini scores their third goal inside 21 minutes. The wing-back holds his nerve from the penalty spot, taking a stutter-step before placing his left-footed strike into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENSEBAINI FIRES IN A SECOND!!!!! 2-0 GLADBACH!!!! The home side are all over Bayern and notch a deserved second goal through Bensebaini. Embolo starts the move with an incisive pass for Hofmann in the right-inside channel. The forward sends a dangerous low ball into the box that Bensebaini attacks and steers a powerful strike past Neuer into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KONE FIRES GLADBACH IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0!!!! The home side make the perfect start as Kone slots a low strike into the bottom-right corner. The midfielder pounces on a loose ball on the edge of the Bayern box before playing a one-two with Embolo. Kone receives possession back and has time and space to pick his spot. He holds his composure to beat Neuer with his strike.,1

GOAL! LAZIO 3-1 INTER! Pedro has surely secured the win for Lazio and put this game to bed! Immobile goes down under pressure in the box but manages to find the Spaniard wide left. The substitute jinks into the box, checks onto his right foot, and curls the ball wonderfully past Handanovic into the far top corner.,1

That's Felipe Anderson's last act of the game. His first-half goal looks likely to prove crucial. Cancellieri trots on the pitch for Lazio.,0

Brozovic is booked for dissent. His reaction to Felipe Anderson being given a free-kick wasn't the best.,2

GOAL! LAZIO 2-1 INTER! What a goal by Luis Alberto! When Pedro collects a loose cross down the left, it looks like nothing's on for Lazio. The Spaniard lays off to his fellow substitute and compatriot Luis Alberto, who spanks one into the top right corner from distance. What a way to restore Lazio's lead!,1

Dumfries makes way next. Strange change, given how influential he's been. Darmian replaces him at right wing-back for Inter.,0

Marusic is booked for arriving late on Gagliardini, sending the Inter man rolling across the turf. He can have no complaints.,2

Zaccagni makes way first. His booking will limit his ability to handle Dumfries' attacking threat. Pedro comes on for Lazio.,0

GOAL! LAZIO 1-1 INTER! Lazio have switched off and been punished! Dimarco swings the free-kick in left-footed. The hosts win the first header but can't stop Dumfries winning the second. The Dutchman flicks the ball on to Martinez who's suddenly unmarked. The Argentine converts to draw Inter level!,1

GOAL! LAZIO 1-0 INTER! Milinkovic-Savic floats an excellent high throughball into Inter's box. Felipe Anderson runs in behind Dimarco to nod past Handanovic who's caught in no man's land. It's first blood to Lazio!,1

IT'S TWO FOR LEAO AND TWO FOR MILAN! 2-0! A goal entirely of his own creation, he gets on the end of Diaz's scuffed pass towards the centre circle and drives through Lecce's half, getting past Hjulmand and Baschirotto before entering the penalty area and dragging a clever finish off the right post and in, with the goalkeeper rooted to his spot!,1

Di Francesco comes off in Lecce's first change of the match. Strefezza gets a chance to make his mark.,0

LEAO CONTINUES HIS GREAT RUN OF FORM! 1-0! Tonali takes Milan's corner low towards the near post, where Messias waits to receive the pass. The winger immediately returns the ball to his team-mate, with Tonali clipping in a lovely cross to the far post. With four players waiting in the area, it's Leao who rises highest to head home a finish!,1

The first yellow card of the match is shown to Thiaw, for aggressively stepping across and catching Banda in midfield.,2

Henderson brings down Martinez, clipping his heels. The referee puts the Liverpool skipper in the book.,2

Kimmich brings down Mane from behind with a loose challenge and goes into the book. He will miss the second leg.,2

It's a late tackle from Kurzawa, who slides in on Ben Arfa, and he has his name taken by the referee.,2

Adli's first touch gets away from him and he steps on Pereira in his attempt to keep hold of it and he's shown a yellow card.,2

PSG LEAD! It all comes down PSG's left again after their win the ball back and it's pulled back for Sarabia. His first touch takes his around Koscielny before he drills it across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 PSG!,1

It's late by Seri and he completely misses the ball as he slides in and catches Sarabia, so he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOOALLLLLL!!! 1-0 BARCELONA! The hosts work it out to the right, where De Jong stands up a cross towards the penalty spot. Araujo misses the initial header, flicking it onto Dembele, who at the back post smashes a left-footed volley low towards the near post. Masip gets a foot to it but he can’t stop Dembele from finding what looks like a late winning goal!,1

Braithwaite catches Nacho with a loose arm and then a late sliding tackle. Unsurprisingly, the substitute becomes the next name in the referee's growing list of cautions.,2

For his subsequent protests following Plano's sending off, captain Masip also goes into the referee's book for dissent.,2

RED CARD FOR VALLADOLID! Dembele races inside from the left-hand channel and Plano chops him down with a slide tackle from behind. The referee then shocks the visitors by producing a red card for Plano, who caught the back of the Frenchman’s heels. The tackle looked like a yellow card at most, so perhaps Plano's frustrations are understandable but he still has to go!,3

Guardiola and Lenglet tussle with the forward eventually fouling the French centre-back. Despite the innocuous foul, the referee deems it enough to book Guardiola.,2

Koeman's third change sees Braithwaite introduced for Busquets as the hosts signal their attacking intent.,0

Kodro gets around Mingueza near the halfway line and the centre-back drags him down. As with Bruno Gonzalez's foul, the referee books Mingueza for his cynical interventions.,2

Pedri gets isolated in the channel against Bruno Gonzalez and the defender cynically drags him back, leaving the referee with no option but to show the yellow card to the Valladolid man.,2

Griezmann and Plano compete for a loose ball and the Frenchman catches his opposite man late. For his tackle, Griezmann becomes the first name in the referee's book.,2

Fofana had a good game bar conceding the penalty and he makes way for Machis for the last five minutes.,0

GOALLLLLLLL!!!! ICARDI SCORES WITH A PANENKA!! 1-0!! Cheeky as you like from Icardi as he waits for Musso to dive before chipping the ball down the middle of the net. Utter composure from the Argentine to put his team ahead.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DE BRUYNE SCORES A STUNNER!!! 8-0!!!!! The Belgian gets a deserved goal through a super hit. Mahrez picks out his run on the edge of the box. He has time to control before finding enough space to launch a strike towards goal. De Bruyne unleashes a rocket towards the left top corner, blasting the ball into the net. A super finish.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BERNARDO SILVA HAS A HAT-TRICK!!!! 7-0!!!! City carve open Watford at the back and Bernardo Silva capitalise with a close-range finish. De Bruyne breaks down the right flank and send a dangerous low ball to the back post. The Portuguese takes one touch to control before slotting his effort past Foster.,1

Guardiola takes the opportunity to allow Cancelo to build up time on the pitch in the Premier League.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BERNARDO SILVA HAS HIS SECOND!!!! 6-0!!! City make an imperious start to the half. The two Silvas battle in tandem to win possession down the left flank. Bernardo Silva lifts a cross to the back post for Aguero, who stretched to keep the ball alive. David Silva pounces on the loose ball and flicks an offload for Bernardo Silva in the left inside channel. The Portuguese slots his effort under Foster into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! OTAMENDI SLIDES IT HOME!!! 5-0!!! This is ridiculous. Watford have stopped defending. De Bruyne catches the Hornets sleeping and slides the free-kick into the left inside channel for Aguero. He fires a low ball across the face of goal where Otamendi pokes home on the slide at the back post. Once again he was unmarked. This one might just be over...,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! FOUR IN 15 MINUTES!!!! BERNARDO SILVA SCORES!!! It's absolute bedlam in the Watford box. De Bruyne lifts a corner into the box and Aguero rises to head it on. Bernardo Silva has the freedom of the penalty area at the back post to stoop and nod his effort past Foster. Where was the Watford defence?,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! CITY HAVE A THIRD!! 3-0!!! Mahrez wins the free-kick and then converts it with the aid of a deflection. He lines up a blast that sails past the wall, but it connects with Cleverley, who diverts it past Foster into the back of the net. This could get embarrassing for the Hornets.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! AGUERO CONVERTS!!!! 2-0!!! The Argentine steps up and has no problem finding the back of the net, blasting his strike low into the middle. City already have complete control of the game.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CITY LEAD AFTER 52 SECONDS!!! DAVID SILVA SCORES! It's so easy for the home side as the Spaniard converts De Bruyne's cross at the back post. The Belgian collects on the right flank and bends his delivery into a perfect area. David Silva attacks the ball and sticks out a leg to divert it into the net. Simple.,1

Juve aren't taking any chances with McKennie, so he limps his way off-field and Zakaria comes on to replace him.,0

Double change for Villarreal now, and Moreno is moving gingerly as he makes his way off. Trigueros comes on for him.,0

It's a really poor challenge from Rabiot, who goes over the top of the ball and catches Chukwueze with his studs. He's protesting his innocence, but he's booked for it.,2

Rabiot has just made a bad challenge on Chukwueze and the Villarreal players swarm around the referee asking for him to be sent off. Rulli sprints into Juventus' half to join in and he's booked for dissent.,2

Juventus are making their second change as they try to regain their control in the tie. Locatelli goes off, with Arthur replacing him.,0

PAREJO EQUALISES! It's a lovely cross into the middle of the box from Capoue, but none of the Juventus players are picking up Parejo's run. He sprints through acres of space to get on the end of it and fires his first-time shot past Szczesny. 1-1!,1

WHAT A START! Just 32 seconds on the clock, and Vlahovic has scored on his Champions League debut! It's a simple long ball over the top from Danilo after Villarreal give the ball away. Vlahovic brings it down on the touch and takes the shot on the half-turn, firing across goal and into the far corner. 1-0 Juve!,1

After extending their lead, the away side bring on El Shaarawy for Pedro. It is now 5-1 on aggregate. ,0

GOOOAAALLL! Roma add a second! Pedro sends a defence-splitting pass into Perez, who made a good run off the shoulder. The attacker rounds Trubin, lifts his head up, and lays the ball off for Mayoral, who calmly finds the bottom-right corner of the open goal. 2-1. ,1

It is a double substitution as Bonfim comes on for Tete. There are 30 minutes of normal time to play. ,0

GOOOOAAALLL! Shakhtar have one back! Following a free-kick from deep, the ball breaks to Tete on the edge of the box. The winger floats a cross into the far post, which Alan Patrick sends back across goal, and Moraes arrives first to find the bottom-right corner. 1-1. ,1

As we approach the hour mark, Roma make their second change of the match. Peres replaces the recently-booked Karsdorp.  ,0

Karsdorp goes to ground and brings down Tete as he looked to advance down the left. He is shown a yellow card by the referee for that tackle.,2

Alan Patrick is the latest player to go into the book after cynically dragging Diawara to the ground during a counter attack. He can have no complaints with that decision. ,2

GOOAALLLL!! Roma take the lead on the night! Villar spreads the play over to the right, and a ricochet opens the space for Karsdorp to send a cross into the box. His low delivery is flicked up by Krivtsov, and Mayoral is on hand to nod the rebound into the bottom-left corner from close range. 1-0. ,1

Antonio goes down on the edge of Roma’s box after seemingly being caught by Diawara, but the referee shows the Shakhtar midfielder a yellow card for simulation. ,2

Solomon shows quick feet to skip beyond Ibanez down the left flank, and the defender cynically trips him with an attack looming. The Brazilian is given the first yellow card of the match. ,2

GOAAALLLLL BENFICA 1-2 RB LEIPZIG - Seferovic grabs his second goal of the season and gets the home fans back on their feet. The former Real Sociedad man stayed onside before tapping in Rafa Siva's cross. The two subs have made an enormous impact, and we are set for a tense final few minutes.,1

GOAAALLLL BENFICA 0-2 RB LEIPZIG - Werner gets his second after the officials check VAR for a goal! Werner was offside at first, but the ball eventually fell to Sabitzer who moved into the box and cut the ball back for his team-mate. Werner stayed composed and tapped home, but his celebrations were cut short for a moment there.,1

GOAALLLLL! BENFICA 0-1 RB LEIPZIG - Werner wheels away in delight as he opens the scoring in this Group G contest. The link-up play between him and Poulsen has been impressive, and they combine to devastating effect. Both players work into the box and Poulsen cushions a pass into Werner's path before he blasts his shot into the bottom corner.,1

Laimer is struggling to put weight on his ankle and he is now replaced by Haidara, who is making his Champions League debut.,0

GOAL! PEDRO NETO GETS HIS GOAL AND WINS IT FOR WOLVES! 2-1! He may have not won that penalty but the striker has surely snatched three points for the hosts! Sheer elation for the hosts, as the Portuguese drills a rocket of a finish home past Mendy on the counter!,1

It's been an excellent game for Podence but he is the last Wolves man to be replaced, by Vitinha now.,0

Neto looks to have been fired up by that call and he races down the right flank again. Kante has to cut him down as almost the last man and gets booked for his troubles.,2

A Wolves throw-in deep in Blues territory sees Podence end up with a yellow card after Chilwell holds onto it on the touchline and the striker bats it out his grasp impatiently.,2

GOAL! DANIEL PODENCE LEVELS IT FOR WOLVES! 1-1! What a shot that is from the striker! Thiago Silva heads the delivery back out where Otasowie meets it. He plays his forward in, who dummies James and fires a blinder past Mendy at the near-left post! Game on!,1

With the game there to be chased, Wolves make their second swap and bring on Adama Traore - notably greased up on his arms and legs - in place of Fabio Silva.,0

Otasowie gets away from Mount twice and the England man ensures he won't a third time by scything him down. He gets the first booking of the game for that.,2

GOAL! OLIVIER GIROUD HANDS CHELSEA THE LEAD! 1-0! The Blues have the breakthrough as the Frenchman volleys a square pass in at the left post. Patricio bounces it straight back out but the ball was well over the line - that's assuredly first blood to the visitors!,1

A half-time change for the hosts here, and it's a big one; Dendoncker is off and 19-year-old Owen Otasowie is on for his Premier League debut.,0

GOAAAAALLLL! BROZOVIC SCORES! 1-0 INTER! Inter get a late winner through Brozovic. Barella chips the ball into the midfielder who gets to the ball first and loops it past the glove of Milinkovic-Savic.,1

Sanabria receives a yellow card after VAR for a high arm on Calhanoglu when jumping for the ball. He was originally given a red card for the challenge.,2

Mosquera tried to jump over Gagliardini's sliding challenge, but the Italian lifted a leg to stop him and goes into the book.,2

DUMFRIES SCORES! That second Inter goal has been coming, and Plzen were caught out on the break! Dzeko drives through the middle and spots Dumfries in space down the right again. He tees him up and he takes a touch before firing his shot over Stanek into the far side. 2-0 Inter!,1

Inter are making the first change of the game, and it's Bastoni, who's just been booked, that very slowly makes his way off the pitch. He's replaced by D'Ambrosio.,0

BUCHA IS SENT OFF! Plzen are down to 10 men! The midfielder was originally shown a yellow card for a poor challenge on Barella, which saw him catch the Italian on the side of his leg with his studs. After a very quick VAR review and an even faster glance at the monitor, the referee upgrades the card to a red.,3

Barella is down receiving treatment after a bad tackle from Bucha and Bastoni is asking the referee why it wasn't a red card, so he's booked for dissent.,2

Jemelka takes Dumfries out, kicking him in the shins in an attempt to stop the run. He's booked for the challenge.,2

DZEKO SCORES! It's cleverly worked along the edge of the box by Inter, with Correa then spotting Dzeko in space on the left of the box. He has time to take a touch before coolly slotting it under Stanek and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Inter!,1

The yellow card is out again, this time for Kalvach who clatters into Mkhitaryan, catching him in the face with his shoulder.,2

When Inter's patient approach doesn't work, Acerbi goes long to Dumfries, who is tugged back on the edge of the box by Sykora, who is shown a yellow card.,2

United make the game's first substitution. It's an attacking one. Sancho replaces Fred. Fred's been serviceable but that's not what United need now.,0

JORGINHO SCORES! It's a confident penalty from him and he does his trademark hop before striking the ball. Ramsdale is wrongfooted and the Brazilian slots it into the net to restore Chelsea's lead. 2-1 Chelsea! ,1

MOUNT SCORES! Nobody picks up his run to the edge of the box and he's in a lot of space when Werner picks him out. He hits the shot first time, sending it across goal and into the far bottom corner of the net. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

Basham picks up the first yellow card of the game after he catches Werner on the stretch with a late tackle.,2

WHAT A GOAL!! 2-0 VILLA!! BUENDIA!! Villa double their lead after a fantastic goal from Buendia! McGinn passes to the midfielder on the edge of the box. He chops the ball past Tarkowski and Mykolenko before shooting past Pickford at the near post.,1

Doucoure is shown a yellow card after he catches Buendia in the face while dribbling. The midfielder is not happy at all with the call.,2

GOALLL!!! 1-0 VILLA!! WATKINS!! Watkins opens the scoring from the penalty spot! Pickford dives to the right but the striker fires the ball down the middle of the goal.,1

The home side make their final change with Saka replacing Pepe for the final few minutes. It is still 1-0.,0

Dallas cynically pulls Martinelli to the ground and Arsenal win a free-kick down the left wing. The Leeds midfielder is shown a yellow card for that foul.,2

Leeds respond by making their final substitution as Stevens replaces Ayling for the closing stages. It remains 1-0.,0

Arsenal make their second change of the game with Ozil coming off for Willock. There are 13 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

Costa skips beyond Kolasinac along the right wing and the Arsenal defender is shown a yellow card for pulling back the Portuguese attacker.,2

Arteta makes his first alteration of the match as Martinelli comes onto the field in place of Nelson, the goalscorer.,0

Klich is the first player to receive a yellow card after catching Xhaka with a late tackle down the left-hand side of the pitch. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

The away side respond to going behind by making their first substitution of the match as Dallas comes on to replace Gotts.,0

GOAL! Arsenal take the lead! Pepe gets away from his marker on the halfway line before releasing Lacazette down the right-hand side of the field. The attacker’s low cross deflects off Phillips and into the path of Nelson, who calmly tucks the ball into the bottom left corner from close range. 1-0.,1

Johnsen knocks the ball past Tonali, and the midfielder has two attempts at trying to drag him back. His name goes into the book, and that means he'll miss Milan's next match.,2

There's a triple change for Venezia following the third Milan goal. Cuisance is the first to make way, with Kiyine on in his place. ,0

HERNANDEZ SCORES! The captain steps up to take the spot-kick, and it's a wonderful penalty from him. He sends Romero the wrong way, but the keeper would've had no chance anyway as Hernandez fires it into the top right corner. 3-0 Milan! ,1

VENEZIA DOWN TO 10! It's gone from bad to worse for the hosts! The referee had a perfect view of the whole thing, and he's called Svoboda across to show him a straight red card for the handball which denied the goalscoring opportunity.,3

Tonali is away from Ceccaroni and the defender desperately drags him back by his shirt to stop the break. He's booked for the challenge.,2

HERNANDEZ SCORES! Just like in the first half, Milan have got another quick goal! It's a good throughball from Leao to pick out Hernandez's overlapping run and the left-back does brilliantly to hold off Mazzocchi. He holds his ground before firing past Romero at the near post to double the lead. 2-0 Milan! ,1

There's a change for Milan at the break. Saelemaekers, who is on a booking, is taken off and replaced by Messias.,0

Gabbia gets out to Okereke on the left and pushes the forward off the ball before clipping the back of his heels. It's a clumsy tackle, and he's shown a yellow card. ,2

Saelemaekers had his eyes on the ball, so he didn't see Busio coming. He ends up catching Busio in the stomach with a high boot and he's shown an early yellow card.,2

IBRAHIMOVIC SCORES! It's a great move from Milan with Hernandez sliding it down the left for Leao. Okereke misses the block and the winger drives to the byline before fizzing it in for Ibrahimovic. The keeper and Svoboda both miss it and Ibrahimovic is left with a simple tap-in from a yard out. 1-0 Milan! ,1

Sassuolo make a change at goalkeeper, with Satalino given a first appearance for the Neroverdi - replacing Consigli.,0

Romagnoli is given a 10-minute run-out at the end of the match - ahead of a potential move to Lazio. He’ll get one last chance to salute the fans, coming on for Tomori.,0

Giroud is brought off after an important two-goal display - with the stadium erupting into applause to welcome Ibrahimovic onto the pitch, potentially for the final time.,0

An injury to Berardi forces him to depart from the match after 68 minutes. The Italy international's season comes to an end - to be replaced by Defrel.,0

Kyriakopoulos - only just back from suspension - is shown a yellow card for a cynical foul in midfield on Saelemaekers.,2

IT’S A FAREWELL GOAL FOR KESSIE! 3-0! In his last match for Milan before a summer transfer to Barcelona, the Ivory Coast international gives Milan a three-goal cushion - latching onto Leao’s cutback pass and hitting a powerful first-time effort with the inside of his foot!,1

Tonali goes through the back of Berardi, bringing the Italy international to the turf. It's a yellow card for Tonali, who will need to take a breather to collect himself.,2

GIROUD MAKES IT TWO! 2-0! Another cutback, another goal for Milan after Ferrari loses possession inside his own penalty area to Leao before forcing the winger out of the 18-yard box. The Portugal international then beats his man while driving to the byline and passes it towards the penalty spot for Giroud - whose simple finish beats Consigli!,1

GIROUD GIVES MILAN THE LEAD! 1-0 TO THE ROSSONERI! Ayhan is caught in-possession on the halfway line, eventually ceeding the ball to Leao. The winger then bursts forward and gets into the penalty area before cutting it back to Giroud. The striker takes his shot on the swivel and manages to squeak it underneath Consigli to take the lead!,1

RED CARD! Martinez is shown the red card after protesting the referee's decision to book him, and the striker is evidently furious with the decision.,3

GOOOAL! Nainggolan makes it 1-1! Pedro tussles for the ball on the left flank before squaring it into the centre, and it runs right through to Nainggolan on the edge of the box who sees his low first-time strike take a heavy touch off Bastoni before deflecting off the left-hand post and into the net.,1

GOOOAL! Martinez makes it 1-0 to Inter! The ball is played back to Young in space on the rigth flank, and the winger sizes up his options before clipping a delivery into the centre of the box which is nodded home by Martinez.,1

Bertrand slides in on Pepe as the Frenchman approaches the penalty area from the right. Bertrand gets booked but will it get worse for Southampton?,2

Hasenhuttl makes a change now that Southampton are seeing less of the ball. The 21-year-old forward Nlundulu replaces Adams.,0

This is an interesting change for Arsenal. Bellerin goes off, handing Lacazette the captain's armband for good measure.,0

Martinelli is the next Arsenal player to head off. Saka, one of Arsenal's better players lately, comes on.,0

AJER!!! 1-1! BRENTFORD ARE LEVEL IN THE DYING SECONDS! With one of the final attacks in this game, the Bees launch the ball into the box. Toney controls well and drills it across the area, where the unmarked Ajer is on hand to slot home.,1

MOUNT!!! 1-0 UNITED! It's the late, late show again from the visitors! What a time to score your first goal for the club! Following a couple of scrappy challenges, the ball drops kindly for Casemiro, who slides through Mount on the edge of the box. The former Chelsea midfielder takes a touch, before sweeping past Flekken.,1

Rashford also makes way for the visitors as Mount comes on for his first Premier League appearance since November.,0

United make two changes. The first sees youth replaced by experience as Mainoo makes way for Casemiro.,0

Frustrated at the referee's decision not to award him a free-kick, Wissa then catches Fernandes late and goes into the book.,2

Wan-Bissaka catches Roerslev with a late sliding challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Pieters comes on for Rodriguez as Burnley replace a striker with a defender to try and solidify their lead.,0

RODRIGUEZ GIVES BURNLEY THE LEAD! 1-0! Well, it's against the run of play but Burnley will be thrilled! McNeil darts quickly down the left flank and finds himself in a little space before whipping in the perfect cross for Rodriguez at the near post, who glances a brilliant header across Foster and in!,1

Watford's second change during the break sees Kabasele make way for Cathcart in the heart of defence. ,0

Castellanos is also on in place of Immobile. The Lazio captain is roundly jeered as he takes his time to leave the field.,0

Sarri looks to run down the clock by making two changes. Isaksen replaces the luckless Zaccagni, who has been responsible for two goals being ruled out for offside.,0

Garcia makes an attacking change as Simeone takes the place of Zielinski. That will mean a switch to 4-4-2, with the Argentine partnering Osimhen.,0

Napoli make another change as Politano is replaced by Lindstrom, a €30million acquisition from Eintracht Frankfurt earlier this week.,0

Napoli respond with two changes of their own. Kvaratskhelia was never likely to play 90 minutes after coming back from injury, so Raspadori takes his place in the attack.,0

Luis Alberto weaves his way through two challenges before going down under pressure from Rrahmani. The referee is uninterested in the Spaniard's appeals for a free-kick, instead opting to book him for dissent.,2

GOAAAAAAAAAAAAL! KAMADA RESTORES LAZIO'S LEAD! The Biancocelesti strike on the break again! Anderson charges down the right after Di Lorenzo is dispossessed. The Brazilian cuts the ball back to the edge of the area, where Luis Alberto intelligently dummies for Kamada, who shifts it onto his left foot before finishing into the bottom-right corner! Lazio lead 2-1!,1

GOAAAAAAAAAAL! NAPOLI LEVEL WITHIN TWO MINUTES! Lazio's lead is wiped out almost immediately as Zielinski claims a loose ball on the edge of the area before shooting low towards goal. His strike takes a deflection and wrong-foots Provedel, creeping into the bottom-left corner! That's unfortunate for Lazio, but the Scudetto holders won't mind! 1-1.,1

GOAAAAAAAAL! LAZIO LEAD AGAINST THE RUN OF PLAY! What a brilliant finish from Luis Alberto! Anderson darts into the area and sees his first cross blocked by Olivera. He keeps the attack alive, however, prodding a fine ball towards the near post for Luis Alberto to beat Meret with a cheeky backheel! Lazio have barely had a kick here, but they lead 1-0!,1

Moses is given some minutes late on in place of Lukaku, who was unable to add to his brace from last time out.,0

This second half has been very stop-start. Malcuit is brought on for his first appearances since the end of October, with Hysaj making way.,0

Lozano slides in on Handanovic in an attempt to cut out a long ball forward. He gets none of the ball and plenty of the Inter goalkeeper.,2

Young is brought on for Biraghi down the left-hand side. It is a change Conte originally planned to make at 1-0 but held off from doing so.,0

Lozano has barely been on the field for 60 seconds and is fouled by Biraghi, who enters the referee's book.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! INTER 2-0 NAPOLI!! Substitute Martinez doubles Inter's advantage with a superb strike, 14 minutes after being introduced. He carries the ball forward, works it onto his right foot and then sends a shot curling away from Meret into the bottom-right corner from a good 22 yards.,1

Ghoulam is on for Rui in the second of Napoli's substitutions. The departing player does not look happy.,0

Inter boss Conte makes a double change with an hour played. Martinez is on for Sanchez up top in the first of those substitutions.,0

Barella, fortunate to avoid a booking a couple of minutes ago, is finally cautioned following a challenge on Politano. Inter boss Conte is also shown a yellow for complaining.,2

Brozovic slides in on Rui and catches his opponent close to the shin, leading to the second booking of the match.,2

Politano intercepts a short corner, carries the ball forward and is taken out by Sanchez, who is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOAAAAALLL!!! INTER 1-0 NAPOLI!! The hosts have started the match brightly and have an early goal to show for their dominance. Lukaku is unable to get to Candreva's right-sided cross but Biraghi pulls it back from the other side and an unmarked D'Ambrosio buries it from 13 yards.,1

Wolves' second change of the match sees Saiss come into midfield at the expense of Moutinho, in a like-for-like change.,0

Adama Traore, who scored the winner off the bench in Wolves' last away match at West Ham, is on for the final 15 minutes here, replacing Costa.,0

With Rashford unavailable through suspension, United turn to their last attacking option off the bench as Pereira comes on at the expense of Lingard.,0

Two changes for United with just under 30 minutes left. Sanchez is replaced here by Mata, who will play down the right.,0

Neves picks up a yellow card and that has been coming. He's committed quite a few fouls in this match, and this one to impede the run of Pogba rather cynically sees him into the book at last.,2

WOLVES HAVE THE GOAL THEY'VE DESERVED! 1-1! Parity restored at Old Trafford! Costa does an excellent job of guiding a pass into the centre for Jimenez, while off balance, and the striker lays it off unselfishly for Moutinho who hammers a first-time finish into the top corner from 15 yards for his first Wolves goal!,1

Moments later and the pressure is on again, with Shaw conceding a free-kick and seeing yellow for a cynical foul to stop a threatening break.,2

AGAINST THE RUN OF PLAY, UNITED TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It's certainly come against the run of play, but Mourinho won't care one bit as Fred scores his first goal with the club, swiveling expertly to drive a low finish into the bottom corner! That was a delicious touch from Pogba to tee him up.,1

GOOOOAALLLL!! 2-0. BENZEMA!!! Game, set and match. The French forward cuts inside from the right wing, takes on a defender and places a left-footed shot from just outside the penalty area into the far bottom corner. A lovely finish from Real Madrid's talisman.,1

Granada also make another change at the same time as captain Soldado is replaced by the in-form Molina. ,0

GOOOAALLLLLL!! 1-0 TO REAL MADRID. CASEMIRO!!!! The hosts are deservedly ahead. Asensio crosses to the back post from the left wing and the Brazilian midfielder rises above Vallejo to nod in from close range. It’s been coming for the hosts who have been lively in the last ten minutes.,1

Foulquier goes into the book for catching Mendy in the face with an accidental elbow. That seems a harsh decision after viewing the replays. ,2

Vazquez receives the first yellow card of the evening as he fouls Milla with Granada looking to counter-attack.  ,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI HAS FOUR! 4-3 Bayern right at the end! The champions look to have won it again! Lewandowski keeps his cool and picks out the bottom-right corner. Schwolow goes the right way but cannot get there.,1

Davies took a knock a few moments ago and is now forced off. Sule is on, meaning Alaba will go to left-back. Bayern have had three left-backs today.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! NGANKAM! WHAT AN IMPACT! 3-3! Straight off the bench, the Hertha man is on the scoresheet! He stoops to head past Neuer and Bayern are pegged back once more.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI HAT-TRICK! Incredible! 3-2 Bayern! The striker digs his side out of trouble. Muller knocks the free-kick down and Lewandowski is first to react just a couple of yards out to tap in.,1

Piatek has been very clumsy since his introduction and earns a booking for stepping on Goretzka's foot.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! MATHEUS CUNHA! IT'S 2-2! Hertha are level thanks to a wonderful goal from their number 10! The Brazilian dances inside from the left, trades passes with Piatek and is suddenly through, coolly finishing to send Neuer the wrong way.,1

Bayern are back to their regular defence from last season with Pavard on for young Richards at right-back.,0

An attacking Bayern change as they look to put the game to bed. Musiala replaces Hernandez, meaning Davies can drop back into the defence.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! CORDOBA! It's back to 2-1! Hertha are right back in this thanks to their striker, a nuisance throughout. Cordoba might be slightly fortunate to still be on the pitch following a number of fouls, but he powers a header into the net via Neuer's weak right hand.,1

Hernandez has taken a couple of kicks from Cordoba, but a foul going the other way - a blatant tug - sees the defender into the book.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI AGAIN! 2-0 Bayern! This is outstanding from the form man in European football! He meets a low ball from the right, beats his marker with one touch and arrows a finish into the bottom-left corner with another. Clinical!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI! This one will count! 1-0 Bayern! Schwolow makes a superb stop from an initial Lewandowski header when Richards crosses, but the rebound is cut back to the striker to lash in at close range.,1

Cordoba picks up a rather clumsy yellow card. A magnificent touch brings the ball down, but he then attempts a spectacular strike from close to 30 yards and instead catches Hernandez, who steps in to make the challenge.,2

Diaz is withdrawn after a solid performance on his debut and Liverpool fans will be hopeful of more to come from the Colombian. He is replaced by Minamino.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! JOTA PUTS THE GAME BEYOND DOUBT!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!! The Portuguese notches his second of the game as his strike powers through the hand of Schmeichel into the bottom-left corner. The visitors fail to clear their lines from a corner as Diaz and Matip combine to keep the pressure on. The latter steers an offload towards Jota, who shoots first time on his right foot. Schmeichel gets a hand to the ball, but cannot keep the effort out. Liverpool are on their way to a vital three points.,1

Salah makes his return to the Liverpool fold after spending the last month on international duty. The Egypt international replaces Firmino.,0

Jones is withdrawn for the home side after a solid outing in the middle of the park. Elliott replaces the midfielder.,0

Dewsbury-Hall charges forward from the middle of the park and is brought down by Firmino on the edge of the Liverpool box. The Foxes have a free-kick in a dangerous position and the Brazilian goes into the book for his challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! JOTA FIRES HOME ON THE REBOUND!!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The Portugal international pounces on a rebound following a Schmeichel save and hammers his strike into the net. Van Dijk rises highest in the box to attack a corner from Alexander-Arnold. Schmeichel does well to parry his header, but it falls straight to Jota, who dispatches his right-footed effort to put the Reds in front.,1

OFF! Rashford is sent off for the first time in his career. He rages at Bardsley for tripping him on the byline. He presses his head against the full-back, making contact. The referee spots the incident and gives the forward his marching orders.,3

Bardsley catches Rashford a fraction late and sticks out a trailing leg after the duo pass the byline. Rashford falls over the leg and doesn't like it. The Burnley full-back is booked for the incident.,2

Sanchez has been impressive this afternoon. Mourinho needs fresh legs on the field and replaces the Chilean with Rashford.,0

GOALLLLLLL!!!! LUKAKU NOTCHES HIS SECOND GOAL!!! UNITED 2-0!!!! The Belgian pounces for his third goal of the season. United open up the Clarets with a neat interchange on the break. Shaw and Lukaku combined to tee up Lingard for a strike. His effort was blocked by Taylor, but the rebound fell kindly for the forward. Lukaku made no mistake firing his effort past Hart.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUKAKU SCORES!!! 1-0 UNITED!!! The Red Devils take the lead  as Lukaku heads home at the back post. Sanchez curled a dangerous cross to the back post and the Belgian drifted between Mee and Taylor before planting his effort into the top corner.,1

Genoa respond to that setback with two stoppage-time substitutions. First, Badelj is replaced by Strootman in midfield.,0

NAPOLI PULL LEVEL! All the champions' pressure finally pays off! Following a clever nod-down by captain Di Lorenzo at the back post, Ngonge latches onto the ball 10 yards out and finishes neatly on the turn! Martinez has no chance this time - it nestles in the bottom-left corner! It's 1-1 at Stadio Maradona, can either side now grab a late winner?,1

While rarely visible in the opposition area, Gudmundsson has certainly helped Genoa's defensive effort today. He now departs, with Vitinha offered a chance to impress during the final few minutes.,0

Inevitably, the ineffective Simeone is now replaced by Raspadori. That's Napoli's fifth and final substitution - Mazzarri's played all his cards.,0

Another change for Napoli - already their fourth of the game. Mazzocchi makes way for Olivera on the left flank.,0

Mazzarri makes his first changes, with Napoli trailing just ahead of the hour mark. Lindstrom replaces Traore.,0

After clearly catching Martin with his studs in a reckless late challenge, Di Lorenzo receives a yellow card.,2

GENOA LEAD! The Grifone strike early in the second half! A direct run by Junior Messias opens up Napoli's defence on the break, and after the ball deflects into his path, Frendrup picks out the top-right corner! Meret had no chance this time: it's 1-0 to the visitors! The champions' woes deepen.,1

Ostigard sustained a knock to the head during the first half, so Natan replaces him in Napoli's defence for the second.,0

Napoli's first booking comes just ahead of half-time, as Kvaratskhelia visibly demonstrates his dissent when not awarded a free-kick on the left flank.,2

Arriving late into a challenge with Sabelli sees Ostigard pick up the game's first booking. He'll have to tread cautiously from now on.,2

Villa make another pair of changes as they look to see out this results, with captain McGinn withdrawn in midfield for Jacob Ramsey to come on.,0

Watkins' potential winner is the difference as the added time ticks down, and he comes off in the final stages for Colombia forward Jhon Duran.,0

Alejo Veliz enters the fray late for Spurs, replacing his countryman Lo Celso in the hosts' final throw of the dice.,0

Watkins is demanding a corner following that header wide, but isn't getting it, although his continued protests do earn him a yellow card instead.,2

Oliver Skipp comes on for Spurs, replacing Gil in a change that Postecoglou will hope can bolster their midfield somewhat.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Lovely play from Villa, and they take the lead in north London!!! Watkins plays a one-two with Tielemans on the edge of the box, collecting the return ball and slotting it into the bottom corner with a composed finish! From 1-0 down, Villa have turned things around here, and lead 2-1 thanks to Watkins' first (legal) goal of the game!,1

Villa make two half-time changes, the first of which is certainly an understandable one. Cash was walking a thin tightrope following his yellow card for the challenge that forced Bentancur off injured, and he's replaced at the break by Leon Bailey.,0

Diaby also comes off at the halfway stage, with Youri Tielemans introduced the slot in behind Watkins up front.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! There's no denying that one - Villa are level!!! Winning a free-kick on the right-hand touchline, Douglas Luiz swings the ball into the box. Torres escapes his marker Davies to get to the ball first, and nods a simple header into the top-right corner! There's a quick VAR check to put that crushing doubt back into the minds of their fans, but this time it does stand and we're locked up at 1-1!,1

Another late challenge from Cash, this time on Udogie, earns Spurs a free-kick and the Villa number two gets an absolute hammering from the home crowd. Captain McGinn pleads his team-mate's case to the referee, but the official isn't happy with him either and books the Scottish midfielder.,2

Kamara clips Lo Celso late as the goalscorer looks to turn and advance out of trouble, and the Villa midfielder picks up his side's second yellow card of the half.,2

Bentancur was down receiving treatment following that rash challenge from Cash, and sadly won't be able to continue. Spurs' injury woes just won't let up at the moment, as Hojbjerg replaces Bentancur in their midfield.,0

Cash slides in wildly on Bentancur and cuts down the Uruguayan well after he's released the ball, and picks up the most textbook yellow card you'll ever see!,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Spurs take a deserved lead!!! A second successive corner is swung into the box by Porro, but this time no-one can get their head to it. The ball bounces kindly for Lo Celso on the edge of the box, who arrows a superb half-volley into the back of the net!! There's a slight nick off Diego Carlos on the way through, but it was still one hell of a strike to put the hosts 1-0 up!,1

Vlahovic has now been sent off! The Serbian striker wasn't happy with the decision by the referee to penalise him for a foul on the Genoa goalkeeper, and his reaction has earned him two yellow cards, resulting in a red!,3

Vlahovic is penalised for a foul on the goalkeeper, and the referee awards him a yellow card for his reaction.,2

Miretti makes his way to the bench as Allegri makes another change. Weah will come on to replace him.,0

Allegri makes a change in the middle of the park, with Rabiot coming off the bench to replace McKennie.,0

Having paraded his World Cup winner's medal around Old Trafford before kick-off, Martinez is introduced for the final couple of minutes. Lindelof makes way.,0

RASHFORD!!! 3-0 UNITED! GAME OVER! The points are in the bag now as Rashford scores yet again. Fernandes beats the offside trap to latch onto Shaw's magnificent diagonal ball, and puts it on a plate for the England forward to tuck into the empty net.,1

SHAW!!! 2-0 UNITED! The hosts double their lead following a sweeping move that culminates in the defender meeting Garnacho's centre, before sending a first-time effort beyond Travers.,1

Garnacho threatens to gallop away before Smith stops him in his tracks. The Bournemouth defender goes into the book.,2

Garnacho comes on in place of Van de Beek, who received a brilliant reception from the home fans as he limped towards the tunnel.,0

United are awarded a free-kick on the edge of the box after Billing drags down Casemiro. The Bournemouth midfielder receives the game's first yellow card for his troubles.,2

CASEMIRO!!! 1-0 UNITED! The hosts take the lead midway through the first half, and what a lovely goal it is! Eriksen whips in a delicious free-kick delivery from the left, and Casemiro escapes his marker to volley into the roof of the net.,1

Hernandez is fouled again, and Gudmundsson goes into the referee's notebook - the substitute is shown a yellow card.,2

MILAN WRAP IT UP! Making an impact from the bench, Messias receives the ball from Rebic on the right side of the six-yard box and fires at goal. Though Sirigu makes an excellent initial save down to his left, the Brazilian reacts first to slam the ball into the roof of the net for Milan's second goal. It's 2-0 to the Rossoneri - surely game over!,1

A rare bright light amid another dull display for Milan, Leao is replaced by the more defensive option of Ballo-Toure on the left.,0

Lunging recklessly into a challenge on Vasquez, Tonali becomes the first Milan player booked. He is always a combative presence in midfield, but that tackle was a little too forceful for the referee.,2

Despite the match being marred by numerous needless fouls, a reckless Yeboah challenge on Hernandez brings about the first booking today.,2

Milan's defensive woes continue, as Gabbia has picked up a knock and Krunic will have to come on as an improvised full-back. Kalulu shifts to the centre.,0

Genoa make another double substitution. First, the intermittently impressive Amiri is replaced by Gudmundsson.,0

Pioli has decided to freshen things up a little in attack, as Messias arrives in place of Saelemaekers on the right wing.,0

Though his side have improved a little, Blessin still sees fit to make a couple of early changes in the second half. First, the ineffective Ekuban makes way for Melegoni.,0

MILAN LEAD! Finally ending their goal drought, the Rossoneri go in front, as Leao finishes a sweeping move with a back-post finish. After Kalulu - only deputising at right-back today - slung an inviting cross in from the flank, the Portuguese flyer stormed into the area and turned the ball into the bottom corner! It's Milan 1-0 Genoa!,1

Keita slides in hard on Lingard and catches the midfielder with a late boot. He goes into the book for the home side, and it could well have been worse for the Liverpool man.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!! SALAH MAKES IT FOUR!!!!!!!!! 4-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! Salah notches his second of the night with a great run and cool finish. Jota threads the needle to release the run of the forward, who gets on the inside of Wan-Bissaka in the United box. The defender tries to slide to block his strike, but he ends up deflecting it over De Gea into the net.,1

Diaz leaves the field with a goal and an assist to his name. Jota replaces the Colombia international.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! PURE PRECISION FROM MANE!!!!!! 3-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! Just as Liverpool were losing control, Mane re-affirms their dominance with a delightful finish on his left foot. Robertson leads a break out and feeds Diaz in space on the left flank. He supplies a cross into the box for Mane to shoot first time, and he steers his effort away from De Gea into the bottom-right corner.,1

Jones is withdrawn from the action and is replaced by Sancho. United are moving to four at the back in a 4-2-3-1 formation.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SALAH ENDS HIS GOAL DROUGHT!!!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!!!! Salah gets on the scoresheet with a crisp finish following a sublime reverse from Mane. The Senegalese collects on the edge of the box and scoops the ball around the corner for Salah. He takes a great first touch before slotting a left-footed strike to the right of De Gea into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! DIAZ FIRES LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!!!!! The Reds cut open United with ease before Diaz converts from close range. Liverpool work the ball out from the back before Mane sends Salah in acres of space down the right flank. He sends a low cross into the middle that Diaz sweeps past De Gea with ease. All too easy for the home side.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! JOELINTON HEADS HOME A THIRD!!!!! 3-0!!!!!! Newcastle pour on the agony for the home side as Joelinton uses his strength to power a header past Ward from a corner. Trippier angles a perfect cross into the penalty area from the right flank. Joelinton outmuscles Soumare at the back post to power his header past a stranded Ward. Newcastle are in command here.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!! ALMIRON SCORES A BRILLIANT FINISH!!!!! 2-0 NEWCASTLE!!!!!! Almiron places a low strike into the bottom-right corner following a brilliant move. Almiron cuts in from the right flank and plays a one-two with Bruno, who cuts open the Leicester defence with ease. Almiron takes a great first touch and his second is even better as he guides his finish past Ward.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WOOD HAMMERS HOME THE PENALTY!!!! 1-0 NEWCASTLE!!! Wood keeps his composure from 12 yards against his former club. The New Zealander blasts his effort straight down the middle as Ward dives early to his left.,1

A frustrated Sarabia goes sliding through the back of Anthony, catching the substitute high up the back of the leg with his studs. The referee immediately produces the yellow card for the tackle - the sixth of the game.,2

Gomes picks up a yellow card just two minutes after his introduction for a sliding tackle on Semenyo.,2

Senesi is shown a yellow card for an incident with a Wolves member of staff just inside the technical area. It appeared as though the centre-back received a shove at first with the player initially backing away but he won't escape a booking from the referee.,2

Semenyo gets past Ait Nouri with ease, forcing the Wolves full-back into a sliding challenge that catches his opposition. It's a yellow card for the substitute, who was introduced 10 minutes ago.,2

The second yellow card of the game is shown to Smith, for a sliding tackle that takes Ait Nouri down.,2

Tavernier is withdrawn eight minutes after breaking the deadlock. Anthony is given a chance to impress.,0

BOURNEMOUTH GO UP THE OTHER END AND SCORE! 1-0! The visitors keep possession following a throw-in high up the pitch and work it well just outside the penalty area, with Hamed Traore slipping Solanke through the defence. The striker drives to the byline and picks out a cross for Tavernier, who manages to get just enough to the ball with his chest to steer it past Sa!,1

Billing brings Adama Traore down 30 yards from goal, stopping a Wolves counter-attack. It's a yellow for the Bournemouth midfielder - the first of the game.,2

And Brighton are level! It's Trossard with the equaliser as he cuts back in after being played in by Lallana. He shifts onto his right foot and smashes it past Alisson to make it 2-2.,1

It's 2-1! Mwepu sends a cross shot over into the box and it just manages to squeeze between the crossbar and the fingertips of Alisson into the back of the net. Did he mean it?,1

It's 2-0 to Liverpool! It comes after an excellent cross by Oxlade-Chamberlain is curled over to the far post, and there is Mane to nod it in at the back post.,1

It's 1-0 to Liverpool! It's Salah who cuts in from the right and lays it off to Henderson on the edge of the box, allowing the captain to smash it into the far corner to give his side the lead.,1

Ranocchia sticks a leg out to prevent Kurtic from breaking, and that will see the Inter substitute pick up a yellow.,2

Incredibly cynical from Vicari as he sees yellow. Martinez poked the ball beyond the defender and appeared to be through on goal, but the defender is having none of it as he steps in front to block his path and take him to ground.,2

INTER SURELY HAVE WON IT NOW! 2-0! SPAL are unable to relieve the pressure following a corner and Cedric's mishit shot breaks kindly for Gagliardini, who turns and drives a fierce finish just inside the far post! Excellent from the midfielder, who has not had the best of matches.,1

The goal was essentially Politano's last involvement of the match as he's replaced by Valero with Inter's final change.,0

A second SPAL change sees Paloschi replace Felipe. It's a striker on for a defender in what's a refreshingly positive change made by the visitors.,0

OUT OF NOTHING, INTER LEAD! 1-0! It well and truly has come from out of nowhere, as a sudden moment of brilliance from Politano relieves Inter's frustrations! The ball breaks kindly for him following Bonifazi's sliding challenge on Martinez, and Politano turns quickly before guiding a wonderful finish into the bottom corner, leaving Viviano rooted to his spot!,1

Felipe becomes the fourth SPAL player to be booked in this match, and the sixth overall, as he fouls Joao Mario. The referee has been busy in this regard today.,2

Joao Mario is penalised for a handball and then has a few choice words for the referee as he's booked for dissent.,2

Valoti was nowhere close to arriving on time with his challenge on Dalbert, and that sees him into the book. The yellow means Valoti will be suspended for SPAL's match against Roma next weekend.,2

Inter are forced into a second change at the interval as Miranda, still suffering from the early knock he picked up, is replaced by Ranocchia.,0

Petagna becomes the third player booked in this first half as he takes out Asamoah with a late slide in midfield.,2

Candreva comes on to replace Brozovic, which will likely see Joao Mario drop a bit deeper with Candreva taking his place in attack.,0

Missiroli, who won his side a free-kick in a great position 10 minutes ago, now concedes one in the same position at the other end as he slides in late to take Joao Mario to ground. It's a yellow card for him, but more importantly a shooting chance coming up for Inter.,2

A lovely burst forward from Missiroli sees him get goalside of Gagliardini, who cynically trips him up 25 yards from goal. It's a yellow card for the Inter midfielder and a free-kick in a dangerous position for the visitors.,2

USG GET THEIR THIRD! From close range, Lapoussin drives the ball high over the head of an exposed Ronnow to seal the hosts' place in the quarter-finals in style! Amani was involved again, with a low cross from the right setting up the goal. It's 3-0 to USG on the day and 6-3 overall!,1

Out of sheer frustration, Khedira hauls back Amani by the arms, as the USG man runs past him for the umpteenth time today. That's a booking for the Union Berlin captain.,2

Cheered off the pitch, today's most prominent player Boniface is substituted late on. Terho is offered a brief cameo in his place.,0

Stretching for the ball, Nieuwkoop goes over the top and plants his studs on Giesselmann's boot, before receiving a yellow card shortly afterwards.,2

Having followed through slightly in a challenge with Lynen in midfield, Haberer is rather harshly shown a second yellow card. He's sent off, having only come on as a substitute earlier in the second half!,3

USG GO TWO CLEAR! So influential today, Boniface puts two defenders on the back foot with some swift footwork down the left flank, and when his clipped ball to Amani then meets its target, the latter slams it home with a precise strike! Ronnow was well beaten, and Union Saint-Gilloise now lead 5-3 on aggregate!,1

Siebatcheu will provide fresh legs and a different approach up front, as Fischer sends the American on for Michel.,0

On a booking, Laidouni is removed from the Union Berlin midfield, as Haberer comes on to replace him.,0

For a clumsy foul on Teuma in midfield, Laidouni becomes the second Union Berlin player to see yellow today.,2

Having struggled to cope with Boniface so far today, Diogo Leite is unsurpisingly booked for clipping the USG striker deep inside his own half.,2

USG LEAD! More closing down from Adingra creates another error in the Union Berlin defence, and the ball breaks to Teuma on the edge of the box. USG's captain needs no more invitation and rockets a hard, low shot into the bottom-right corner of the net! It's 1-0 today and 4-3 to the Belgian side on aggregate!,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! A third for Milan to rubber-stamp the result! Empoli's corner is cleared by Milan and Pulisic knocks the ball forward into open space. Traore is there alongside him, and the American unselfishly squares for his team-mate to stroke the ball into the bottom-right corner! From one end to the other in mere seconds, and it's 3-0 to Milan with very little time left to go here.,1

Milan make two more changes as the clock ticks towards full-time, with Chaka Traore replacing Leao out wide for the final throws of this game.,0

Hernandez dispossesses Maldini with a thunderous challenge, but is then met with one himself immediately afterwards by Marin! Unlike the Milan defender though, the Empoli substitute got absolutely nothing on the ball, and so is met with a yellow card from the referee.,2

More changes coming for the hosts, as on-loan Milan midfielder Daniel Maldini enters the fray in place of Caputo.,0

Captain Calabria also comes off for the Rossoneri, with youngster Davide Bartesaghi on in his place at right-back.,0

A double-change coming for Milan, with Yunus Musah replacing opening goalscorer Loftus-Cheek in midfield.,0

Baldanzi comes off in Empoli's first change of the second half, and he's replaced in that attacking midfield position by Matteo Cancellieri.,0

Jimenez clips Baldanzi from behind to cut out a potential counter-attack, and is soon shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Empoli break forward and Cambiaghi cuts inside after beating Kjaer, but he's hacked down from behind by Calabria and the full-back goes into the book for the cynical challenge.,2

Florenzi's now heading for the touchline having pulled up injured himself, and 18-year-old Spanish full-back Alejandro Jimenez will be his replacement.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Giroud makes it two from the spot! No mistake from the Frenchman, who powers a terrific penalty right into the top corner. Caprile guessed the right way, but could do nothing to stop that effort as Milan double their advantage to lead 2-0!,1

Ebuehi's not been able to shake that injury, and so he's replaced by Filippo Ranocchia in the hosts' back four.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! The Rossoneri strike first!!! Adli rides a challenge before spraying the ball wide to Leao. He bursts past his marker and squares into the box, where Loftus-Cheek arrives late to side-foot into the far corner!!! A simple fast break for Milan sees Empoli come undone, and the visitors lead 1-0 at Stadio Carlo Castellani.,1

Potter, sensing Arsenal are starting to build some late momentum, makes another change - Duffy is on for Alzate.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! ARSENAL 1-2 BRIGHTON!! Maupay regains the lead for Brighton with 10 minutes to play at the Emirates Stadium! Mooy sends in a cross from the left and Maupay does brilliantly to guide it away from Leno into the far corner. What a huge win this could be for Brighton!,1

The substitutions are coming thick and fast now. On comes Martinelli for Lacazette as Ljungberg rolls the dice for one last time.,0

David Luiz bundles over Connolly and, like central-defensive partner Sokratis in the first half, is shown a yellow card.,2

Gross becomes the first Brighton player to be shown a yellow card for stopping Ozil from charging away.,2

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! ARSENAL 1-1 BRIGHTON!! Arsenal's fast start to the second half pays off as they draw themselves level! Lacazette flicks on a corner into the far corner. Kolasinac and Propper jumped for it but neither could make a telling touch.,1

Sokratis needlessly lunges in on Connolly close to the corner flag to give away a free-kick and earn himself a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! ARSENAL 0-1 BRIGHTON!! The visitors take what can only be described as a deserved lead at Emirates Stadium! Brighton win another corner and Burn heads it down to Connolly, who is unable to make clean contact with his shot after chesting it down. But Webster is there to smash home the loose ball for the game's opening goal.,1

Wolves dally over the free-kick in an effort to wind down the clock and so Neves is shown a yellow card.,2

Another good game from Jimenez comes to an end. The striker takes an age to reach the touchline, where winger Neto is waiting to replace him.,0

Two more changes now for Villa as Smith rolls the dice. He turns first to Trezeguet, who replaces Nakamba.,0

GOOAAALLL!! Wolves lead through Dendoncker. The midfielder has worked hard to get forward all game and deserves that. It's a brilliant finish into the bottom-right corner with his left foot after Jimenez's pass into Jonny broke around the edge of the box. The visitors go ahead 1-0.,1

Smith goes to his bench for a double change on the hour mark. In midfield, it's McGinn on for Hourihane.,0

Wolves turn the Villa defence around with a pass over the top and Mings is forced to shove Jota to the ground right on the edge of the box. The foul earns the defender a booking.,2

Eventually the change is made. Wales international Taylor is on at left-back in a straight swap for the injured Targett.,0

Brentford are making their final change in an attempt to run the clock down a little more. Henry goes off, with Canos on in his place.,0

WISSA SCORES! Eriksen takes the free-kick short to Norgaard, and he whips a great cross into the box. It's nodded on by Pinnock and Rudiger slices at his clearance, gifting it to Wissa. He lets it drop before drilling a low shot past the static Mendy and into the bottom corner. 4-1 Brentford!,1

Brentford are making their first change now, and Janelt won't get a chance to go for a hat-trick as he's taken off. Jensen is on in his place.,0

Chelsea are making a double change now, and it's Werner that's first to go off, with Kovacic on for him.,0

JANELT SCORES AGAIN! Raya goes long with a free-kick, and it's nodded on by Toney before he gets it back from Mbuemo. He times the throughball to Janelt perfectly and from a very tight angle, he chips a wonderful shot over Mendy, who rushed off his line, and into the back of the net. 3-1 Brentford!,1

Chelsea are making their first change in response to going behind. It's Alonso that's taken off, with James on in his place.,0

ERIKSEN SCORES! And just like that, Brentford have turned things around! Brentford clear their lines from the corner, and it's all about the build-up from Mbuemo. He drives down the left and squares a good low cross into the middle of the box. Eriksen is completely unmarked and he lifts it over the scrambling Mendy. 2-1 Brentford!,1

JANELT EQUALISES! What a start to the second half! Mbuemo just had a shot saved by Mendy and Brentford went straight on the attack again. Mbuemo knocks it onto Janelt, and he's unmarked on the edge of the box. He takes the shot first time, rifling it into the near top corner. 1-1!,1

WHAT A GOAL! Rudiger is a very long way out when it's knocked back to him by Kante, but none of the Brentford players are closing him down. He cuts inside with his first touch, has a glance up and then takes aim. It dips over the defenders in front of him and Raya is beaten as it bounces off the inside of the post and in. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

A crude attempt at earning a penalty by simulation only gets En-Nesyri a yellow card for diving. Not the immediate impact he had in mind!,2

Having conceded the penalty which turned the trajectory of this game, Delaney is withdrawn for Lamela to get half an hour to change the game.,0

Lopetegui is not hanging about here! Suso is coming off for Jordan - the first of three changes for Sevilla.,0

LILLE GO IN FRONT! The visitors have certainly looked a more aggressive proposition in this second half, and after Celik gets into the area from his right-flank station, his powerful strike rattles the post and falls to the feet of Ikone, who slots home Lille's second goal. The French champions go in front! 2-1 to Lille!,1

LILLE LEVEL! David dispatches the spot-kick to the left side of the goal, and despite Bounou guessing the right way, Sevilla's goalkeeper can do nothing to keep the ball out of the net. It is now 1-1!,1

Delaney is adjudged to have made contact with Weah in the area, and receives the game's first yellow card.,2

SEVILLA TAKE THE LEAD! The hosts have a merited advantage, as Ocampos turns the ball home from close in, following a save by Grbic. Suso combined with Mir, and the latter's shot was only palmed into the path of their attacking colleague to sweep home. Sevilla 1-0 Lille!,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! MARIANO SCORES A STUNNER!!! 3-0!!!! Mariano scores a special goal on his second debut for Madrid. He collects Marcelo's offload on the edge of the box and turns Manolas with ease. The forward bends a strike towards the top corner and it flies past Olsen, giving the Roma keeper no chance. A stunning strike.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! BALE FIRES HOME MADRID'S SECOND!!!! 2-0!!!! The Welshman gets his goal this evening at last. Modric releases the run of the forward down the left flank and he has acres of space to run into. Bale holds his composure in the final third, hammering his effort past Olsen into the bottom corner to double his side's advantage. A crisp finish.,1

GOALLLLLLL!!!! ISCO CURLS THE BALL HOME!!! 1-0 MADRID!!! The Spaniard delivers for the home side with a sublime effort to break the deadlock. Isco curls his effort over the leaping wall and Olsen has no chance as the ball finds the bottom corner, with the Swede on the other side of his goal. A super free-kick from the forward.,1

Abraham comes on for the closing stages in place of Werner. There are a couple of minutes left to play. ,0

Sevilla now make their third change of the game with En-Nesyri coming onto the field in place of De Jong. It is still goalless with 10 minutes left to play.  ,0

Lampard rings the changes once again as Kovacic comes on for Jorginho, who picked up a yellow card in the first half. ,0

Ocampos spins away from Chilwell a few yards inside the hosts’ half, and the full-back is booked for pulling the Argentinian’s shirt. ,2

Lampard opts to make his first substitution with Mount making way for Ziyech. There are 28 minutes of normal time left to play. ,0

Lopetegui makes his second alteration of the match as Torres enters the fray in place of Suso. It remains 0-0.,0

Acuna is the latest player to go into the referee’s book after pulling Pulisic’s shirt as the winger looked to counter. ,2

Mount loses possession down the right-hand side of the pitch to Suso, and is then booked for pulling the Spaniard’s shirt. ,2

Jorginho is the first player to receive a yellow card. The Italian cheaply gives possession to Ocampos on the halfway line, and then pulls the winger back as he sought to break. He can have no complaints with that decision. ,2

Joao Felix is back after suffering an ankle injury and replaces Pedri, who assisted Lewandowski's goal.,0

Christensen is on a yellow card and makes his way off the pitch. The former Chelsea defender looked unnatural in the midfield, with Romeu taking his place for the final few minutes.,0

Xavi makes a change on the wing for Barcelona. Yamal will not be the first 16-year-old to score in the Champions League today. He is replaced by Raphinha on the wing.,0

Napoli make another change in their attack to try and keep their momentum. Politano has looked bright without making an impact and comes off for Raspadori.,0

Martinez is furious with the referee as he thinks he is fouled by Osimhen, but the goal is given and the defender is shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLLL! OSIMHEN SCORES! 1-1! Napoli level the score against the run of play! Anguissa has possession outside of the box in a central position and he drives a low pass into Osimhen. The striker rolls past Martinez before finishing into the bottom-left corner, sending ter Stegen the wrong way.,1

Napoli make a brave substitution, with key attacker Kvaratskhelia coming off with over 20 minutes still to play. He is replaced by Lindstrom.,0

Napoli head coach Calzona has seen enough and has decided to make two changes. Cajuste completed just 64.3 per cent of his passes and is off for Traore.,0

GOALLLL! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! The Blaugrana take the lead. Pedri collects the ball in space on the edge of Napoli's box and slides a pass through to Lewandowski. The Poland international works possession onto his right foot under pressure and drills a low shot into the bottom-left corner.,1

LEEDS IN FRONT! Raphinha skips into the penalty kick and coolly slots the ball past Guaita in the Palace goal, sending the Leeds fans delirious with joy! At the death, it's Leeds 1-0 Palace!,1

For handling the ball in the area, Guehi is inevitably booked - adding to his pain at conceding such a late penalty.,2

Vieira makes a last roll of the dice, as the lively Ayew is replaced by Olise in the dying moments of the game.,0

Due to Kouyate's quick turn on the ball inside his own half, Roberts' sliding challenge upends the Palace midfielder and earns him a yellow card.,2

Palace make another change for the final 10 minutes, as Schlupp comes off and Hughes is brought on in his place.,0

Dallas crudely hauls back Zaha in the latest tussle between the pair, and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Vieira makes a change up front in his search for all three points, as Benteke is brought on for the ineffective Edouard.,0

A far from ideal start for Firpo, as he is caught out of position and clips Ayew 20 yards out from goal, conceding a free-kick in dangerous territory and picking up a yellow card.,2

Following his difficulties in the first half, Struijk has been taken off, with Junior Firpo on in his place.,0

Struijk's troubles in dealing with Ayew continue, as the defender's attempts to stop Palace's number nine from dribbling down the right end in the concession of a free-kick and a booking for the Leeds left-back.,2

Tempers are flaring now, as Gallagher thunders into a lunging challenge on Raphinha, which deservedly earns him a booking. He'd previously been struck by a flailing arm and went looking for vengeance.,2

Ironic cheers reverberate around a soggy Elland Road, as Ward is penalised for holding back James and subsequently finding his way into the referee's notebook.,2

RED CARD! Arsenal are down to NINE men! Leno rushes out of his box to deal with a long pass in behind but misjudges the bounce of the ball and handles the ball outside of his area, preventing a goalscoring opportunity! The referee reaches into his pocket and pulls out a straight red!,3

Nuno freshens his team up by replacing Podence with Vitinha. He's looking to put the game beyond doubt.,0

Xhaka is booked for a foul on Podence. The Arsenal midfielder protests to the referee, but to no avail.,2

Arteta brings Aubameyang on in an attempt to get back on level terms, with goalscorer Pepe forced to make way.,0

GOAL!! WHAT A HIT BY MOUTINHO!!! The midfielder must be close to 30 yards out but he takes the shot and catches it beautifully, arrowing it in off the left post despite Leno diving at full stretch! That was an unstoppable strike! It's 2-1 to Wolves!,1

Neves is booked for a cynical challenge on Cedric as Arsenal broke away on the counter following a Wolves corner.,2

Arteta is forced to bring Gabriel on at half-time following David Luiz's sending-off, and Lacazette is the man to make way.,0

GOAL!! WOLVES ARE LEVEL!! With the last kick of the half, Neves sends Leno the wrong way and fires his penalty high into the top-right corner! The hosts are back on terms! It's 1-1!,1

RED CARD! Neto slips the ball in behind for Willian Jose and David Luiz catches the striker's heels in the box as he's one-on-one with Leno! The referee points to the spot for a penalty and shows the Brazilian defender a straight red card! ,3

Partey scythes Traore down to prevent a Wolves counter-attack and picks up a yellow card for his cynical challenge.,2

GOAL!!! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD!!! It's a superb individual goal from Pepe, who wins the ball back on the left and plays a quick one-two with Lacazette. The winger takes the ball past Semedo, nutmegs Neves and curls it into the far corner with his weaker right foot! It's 1-0 to Arsenal!,1

Kilman clatters into Saka from behind and the referee plays advantage, but comes back to it at the next stoppage to book the Wolves defender.,2

Moutinho earns himself the first yellow card of the game as he catches Lacazette with a poor challenge.,2

GOAL! EVERTON ARE LEVEL! What a blow for Villa, as Walcott meets Gomes’ cross from the left. His header loops up over Reina and drops into the opposite corner, with Konza just unable to do enough to keep it out.,1

GOOOOAAAALL!!! VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! A free-kick from the right catches Everton's defence out and Konsa is on hand to turn it home. What a huge goal that could be for Villa!,1

Two changes for Everton, as Ancelotti looks to inject some urgency into his side's display. First, Bernard has made way for Gordon.,0

Indeed, Holgate will not be able to carry on and, after making his debut against Wolves, young defender Branthwaite will come on for Everton.,0

GOAL! Mariano surely seals the points! Odriozola once again makes up the ground down the right-hand side and delivers a perfect ball into the box for Mariano to attack. The substitute, from the penalty spot, sends his diving header beyond Pacheco and into the top right corner. 3-0.,1

The home side make their final substitution as Vinicius is replaced by Isco. The Brazilian has been absolutely exceptional.,0

GOAL! Vinicius makes it two! The Brazilian started the move off as he drove down the left and opted to switch the play over to Asensio. The Spaniard took his time before sliding the ball towards the far post where Vinicius was arriving. The attacker controlled the ball brilliantly before placing his effort into the bottom right corner. 2-0.,1

Madrid make their second change of the match as the goalscorer, Benzema, is replaced by Mariano. The Frenchman’s goal remains the difference.,0

Wakaso goes into the box after bringing down Vinicius when the young Brazilian looked to launch a counter-attack.,2

The hosts make their first change of the match as Asensio replaces Bale. Just less than 30 minutes to go.,0

Laguardia is the first player to be shown a yellow card following a late foul on Vinicius as Madrid looked to launch another attack.,2

GOAL! Benzema opens the scoring! Vinicius plays a quick one-two with Ceballos on the left wing before the Spaniard bursts into the box and picks out Benzema who simply could not miss from a few yards out. 1-0.,1

Lozano is given a rest as Spalletti changes things up with 13 minutes remaining. Politano is his replacement. ,0

Malcuit charges through the back of Saelemaekers to prevent a Milan counter-attack, prompting the referee to produce a yellow card for the Napoli full-back.,2

Di Lorenzo's handball in midfield while attempting to intercept a pass earns the full-back a yellow card. ,2

NAPOLI TAKE THE LEAD! Zielinski’s early corner finds the unmarked near-post run of Elmas - who nods a downward header underneath the arm of Maignan! 1-0!,1

Gobeljic gets a booking too for a reckless attempt on Wijnaldum. Red Star are truly out on their feet.,2

Discipline has slipped for the visitors now and the yellow cards are coming thicker and faster. Jovancic is the latest after he clatters Firmino.,2

Robertson has put in a good shift for the hosts tonight and he now gets an early rest as Moreno replaces him in the final change of the game.,0

BUT NOW MANE GETS HIS GOAL! 4-0! This has been a rout for Liverpool and it's a comedy goal to add the latest touch of gloss. Sturridge flicks a neat throughball on the angle in for the striker and he slips in trying to reach it - but his outstretched leg does enough to push it gently under Borjan's arms and in at the left post.,1

Tempers flare on the touchline as Jovicic comes in on Robertson and is booked for the challenge. The Red Star man does not like that decision one bit and is lucky to not see a second straight away for dissent as the referee tells him to calm down.,2

Liverpool also make their second change now with Sturridge onto replace Salah following the latter's brace.,0

Shaqiri is the first Reds man to be replaced and he departs to a standing ovation as Lallana joins what has become a party at Anfield for the hosts.,0

Red Star make their first change of the game now, with 25 minutes left on the clock as they bring on Jovancic to replace Ebecilio.,0

Krsticic gets a booking for Red Star now after he leans in heavily on Shaqiri. The former Stoke City man will take the free-kick from 30 yards out on the right wing.,2

SALAH MAKES IT 3-0! It's a lovely penalty; Salah shapes to go left and instead blasts it to the centre-right with an excellent strike. Again, his celebrations are muted – but around Anfield, the cheers ring true. Liverpool in total control of this tie.,1

Penalty to Liverpool! Mane goes down in the box following a foolish challenge from Stojkovic and though the referee looks set to let play continue, he gives it a moment later following a word from his assistant. Red Star can't believe it as the right-back is booked. Salah will take the spot-kick for the hosts.,2

SALAH MAKES IT TWO! 2-0! It's a look of sheer relief on the face of the Liverpool striker as his fellow players crowd him to celebrate. Shaqiri picks out Wijnaldum's throughball on the right of the box and taps in for the Egyptian, who takes one look and slips it in at the near post past Borjan. The hosts have a proper hold on this encounter now.,1

FIRMINO FOR LIVERPOOL! 1-0! It's another Champions League goal for the Reds star, following a lovely piece of build-up play. Shaqiri slots a throughball down the left flank, onto which Robertson latches, before the Scotland man plays a perfect cut-back to his striker. The Brazilian has time to spare, chooses his shot and places it neatly into the centre of the net. Excellent stuff from the hosts.,1

Undav is handed a late booking now for attempting to impede a quick restart from Bonham. We'll have four added minutes here.,2

Another Brighton change now and it is a former FA Cup winner in Welbeck who arrives to replace Sarmiento.,0

Baker clips Caicedo on the back of the right ankle and the latter goes down like a sack of potatoes. It's a yellow card for the Stoke man.,2

GOAL! STOKE 0-1 BRIGHTON! It's Ferguson who breaks the deadlock in the Midlands, after a quiet start to the game. Dunk rolls a lovely ball down the left after catching the defence out through Mitoma. He simply cuts the ball beyond Bonham inside for a tap-in finish. Textbook stuff, but lovely to watch!,1

The first yellow card of the day is out, and it is for Stoke's Laurent, after another industrial challenge on Caicedo. The Ecuador international is certainly drawing those tackles to him.,2

GOAL!! SPURS ARE LEVEL AGAIN! Kane keeps his cool from the spot, sending Krul the wrong way and firing in to the right of goal!,1

Vrancic, having stayed on after his head injury, now makes way for Trybull in the centre of the park.,0

Lucas earns himself a yellow card for barging Aarons off the ball as the Norwich defender went on a bursting run from right-back.,2

GOAL!! SPURS ARE LEVEL! Eriksen and Lo Celso step up to the free-kick in a central position but it's the former who hits it and it flies over the wall and past Krul! Amadou was the only member of the wall not to jump and the strike went just over his head!,1

Lewis is booked for handball as he goes down on the edge of his box in an effort to win a free-kick off Kane. This is in a very dangerous position on the edge of the box.,2

Mourinho wastes no time in changing things after a sub-par first half, taking Vertonghen off for Lucas and changing to a four-man defensive system.,0

Vrancic now goes in the book as he slides in recklessly on Ndombele from behind. Poor challenge from the midfielder.,2

GOAL!! NORWICH TAKE THE LEAD!! It's a mess of Spurs' own making. Foyth is caught in possession as he tries to dribble out of his own third and Vrancic skips away from Ndombele to drive to the edge of the box. Alderweireld backs off him, giving him plenty of space, but the low shot is fairly central and Gazzaniga gets a hand to it, but it's too soft to keep it out. Norwich lead 1-0!,1

Olise, who has been at the heart of everything positive for Palace, makes way. Schlupp comes on in his place.,0

GOOOAAAAALLL!! 4-0 PALACE! Munoz dispossesses Casemiro on the byline and he quickly picks out Olise on the edge of the penalty area. He gets it out of his feet, shifting it onto his left, and he fires a wonderful strike into the back of the net! The French forward has been superb all game for the Eagles!,1

Ten Hag makes the first change of the game, with Antony heading to the bench. Amrabat comes on to replace him.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLL!! 3-0 PALACE! Wharton sends a dangerous cross from the right-hand side and Andersen arrives at the back post, tussling with Dalot, and he manages to poke the ball across goal. Mitchell pounces inside the box unmarked, and he fires it into the back of the net! The Eagles are relentless in front of goal!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 2-0 PALACE!! Richards fires a pass into the feet of Mateta, and he turns before flying past the challenge of Evans. He works his way into the penalty area and produces a powerful strike, and it flies into the back of the net at the near post! United have a mountain to climb now!,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!! 1-0 PALACE! Munoz picks out Olise with a throw-in and he dances past Casemiro before driving towards the United penalty area. He reaches the box and works it onto his left before striking low, and it flies into the bottom corner, leaving Onana with no chance!,1

Umtiti, who had to travel to San Mames independently today, replaces the injured Pique in a like-for-like change.,0

Aduriz scored a late winner when these sides met here earlier this season. The veteran striker is on for Muniain.,0

Williams is about to burst clear of Pique so the Barcelona captain has little choice but to reach out and pull his opponent down to the ground. He is rightly booked.,2

Garcia puts his arms around Messi to stop his opponent's run and is the latest player to enter the referee's book.,2

Vesga fouls Messi but play is allowed to continue. Alba tries to pick out Fati in the middle but is flagged for offside. The referee reaches into his pocket to show Vesga a yellow.,2

Alvarez is cautioned for his challenge on Messi. There could be further punishment if Messi converts the free-kick.,2

Former Newcastle midfielder Wijnaldum goes off to a warm reception and is replaced by Shaqiri, who will play in an advanced midfield role in the closing stages of the game.,0

The injured Schar is withdrawn for Fernandez at centre-back, meaning Bruce has no more substitutions left to bring Hayden off and the midfielder will have to struggle on to the end of the game.,0

Oxlade-Chamberlain is replaced in midfield by Milner, who spent four years at Newcastle early on in his career.,0

GOAL!! SALAH MAKES IT 3-1! Firmino sets Salah on his way and the Egyptian simply walks through the Newcastle defence before slotting it across Dubravka and into the corner! That will surely decide the game in Liverpool's favour.,1

Manquillo comes on against his old club to replace Krafth at right wing-back and will link up with his fellow substitute.,0

Bruce makes a double-substitution and the first man to come on is Muto, who replaces Almiron to freshen up the attack.,0

GOAL!! MANE GIVES LIVERPOOL THE LEAD! Firmino wins the ball off Atsu in midfield and slides it through for Mane. Dubravka gets there first but can't hold the ball and it deflects off him and straight into Mane's path to tap into an empty net! It's 2-1!,1

That change is made and it is Firmino who comes on for Origi, who looks to be feeling the effects of that early kick from Almiron.,0

GOAL!! WHAT A GOAL FROM MANE! Liverpool are level again and it's a top-class finish from the Senegal forward. Robertson plays him into the box from the left and he opens up his body before rifling a shot into the very top-right corner of the net! That's a lovely strike and it's 1-1!,1

GOAL!!! NEWCASTLE TAKE THE LEAD! Atsu drifts into a central area, takes the ball down well and slips it out wide for Willems. The left-back cuts inside Alexander-Arnold with an excellent piece of skill and thumps a shot into the top-right corner on his weaker right foot! What a goal!,1

Slot makes his first change of the game as Ueda, who was involved in the first goal, makes way for Minteh. The Newcastle United loanee will have 30 minutes to impress.,0

Zerrouki shows all his skills to dance past Lino, who drags the midfielder down by his shirt and goes into the referee's book. Feyenoord have a free-kick in a good right-sided position, too.,2

Feyenoord’s poor corner causes their own problems as Stengs fails to beat the first man. The winger tracks back to cover but drags down Lino, with the referee showing a yellow card for that cynical foul.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL! 3-2 ATLETICO! A fine instinctive finish from Morata puts the hosts in the lead for the first time this game. Molina whips a glorious right-wing cross towards the six-yard area, where the Spain forward pokes a wonderful first-time prod into the bottom-left corner. Feyenoord are appealing for offside against Griezmann at the near post but the referee, nor the VAR, are interested in those protests!,1

Simeone blinks first in terms of substitutions as Atletico send on Llorente for De Paul, who was brought in after injury and will not have enough to continue after half-time.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! ATLETICO EQUALISE AGAIN TO MAKE IT 2-2! Feyenoord can only blame themselves after conceding a leveller on the stroke of half-time. Molina’s corner is cleared only as far as Lino, whose deflected strike causes chaos inside the box. Witsel and Trauner contest a loose ball near the six-yard area before Griezmann capitalises with a close-range acrobatic finish to hook past the helpless Wellenreuther.,1

Wieffer leaves Griezmann in his tracks before Morata hauls the Feyenoord midfielder down from behind. A free-kick on the halfway line is awarded and the Spain forward joins two Atletico team-mates in the referee's book.,2

Saul needlessly clatters into Geertruida with a late tackle after the full-back had played the ball backwards. Unsurprisingly, referee Letexier shows the Atletico midfielder a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! FEYENOORD 2-1! Azpilicueta is made to pay for a needless foul on Ueda in midfield. Stengs whips a central free-kick towards the far post, where Hancko’s first-time volley is saved by a smart Oblak reflex save. The Feyenoord centre-back is the first on the scene for the rebound, though, lofting home into an empty net to restore the away side’s lead.,1

Azpilicueta is late on Ueda with a heavy challenge near the halfway line and referee Letexier shows the centre-back a yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLL! ATLETICO EQUALISE! Referee Letexier consults the touchline monitor and awards the goal as the hosts make it 1-1. Saul is adjudged to have not been involved in the build-up from De Paul's pass, and Morata's cool left-footed finish into the bottom-left stands! Wieffer set up that goal with his sliding challenge, which allowed the Spain forward the space to capitalise on a loose ball inside the area.,1

GOAL!!!! VILLA HAVE WON IT RIGHT AT THE END!! All three centre-backs are involved as a free-kick is lumped into the box. Hause wins the initial header and it falls to Mings. He tries to work a yard to shoot but is dispossessed and goes to ground. The ball falls to Konsa, who smashes a shot at goal that hits Mings and flies into the top corner! It's 2-1 to Villa!,1

Trezeguet is replaced as Smith makes his second change of the night, bringing Vassilev on in his place.,0

Cathcart is drawn into a clumsy challenge as Grealish carries the ball forward at pace and earns himself a yellow card.,2

Chalobah is taken off as Pearson responds to seeing his side concede, bringing new signing Pussetto on.,0

GOAL!! VILLA ARE LEVEL! Guilbert holds onto the ball well and wriggles into space before finding Grealish on the edge of the box. The attacking midfielder then feeds Targett to his left and the full-back strikes firmly at goal. It's saved and the rebound just evades El Ghazi, but Luiz arrives to smash into the roof of the net! It's 1-1!,1

Mings is slow to the ball on the flank and dives in late on Doucoure. The referee allows Watford to play on, but the advantage comes to nothing and Mings is eventually booked.,2

GOAL!! WATFORD ARE IN FRONT! Doucoure plays a neat one-two with Deulofeu and sends him away down the right. The Spaniard lofts a cross onto the head of Deeney, who isn't being tracked in the box, and the striker heads emphatically home! It's 1-0 to Watford! ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KIWIOR GETS HIS FIRST ARSENAL GOAL!!!!! 5-0!!! Sa has a nightmare between the posts as he fumbles Kiwior's shot into the net. Wolves fail to clear the danger from an Arsenal corner and Kiwior swings a leg at the ball after Smith Rowe nudges an offload to the defender. His effort does not have a lot of pace, but Sa makes a terrible mistake and can only knock the ball over his own goal line. It sums up Wolves' performance.,1

Xhaka gets a standing ovation after making his way from the field for the final time as an Arsenal player. Not a bad way to sign off with a brace. Vieira replaces the midfielder.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JESUS SCORES ARSENAL'S FOURTH!!!!!! 4-0!!!!! The Gunners do get their fourth goal as Jesus powers home a header at the back post. Jorginho releases Trossard behind Semedo down the left flank before the Belgian floats a cross for Jesus to attack. The forward plants his header low and hard into the bottom-right corner giving Sa no chance.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SAKA CURLS HOME A BEAUTY!!!! 3-0 ARSENAL!!!!! The Gunners are firing on all cylinders today as Saka buries a left-footed strike into the far corner. Quick feet between Partey, Odegaard and Trossard opens up the Wolves defence. Trossard completes the final pass for Saka in the inside-right channel, who takes a touch away from Bueno before bending a super effort away from Sa.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! XHAKA MAKES IT TWO!!!!!!!! 2-0 ARSENAL!!!!! What a moment for Xhaka as he notches his second goal of the game. Saka starts the move for the Gunners with a surge into the box in the inside-right channel. His offload strikes Odegaard and deflects off Kilman straight into the path of Xhaka. The midfielder pounces and slots his left-footed strike past Sa. All too easy for the hosts.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! XHAKA HEADS HOME!!!!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!!!! Xhaka signs off at the Emirates Stadium with the opening goal. Jesus drops his shoulder down the right flank to burst past Bueno. He lifts a good cross into the middle that Xhaka attacks and heads low towards the net. It strikes Sa before the keeper can react to break the deadlock.,1

GOAL! WEST BROM 1-2 LIVERPOOL! Incredible! Alisson rises high to get on the end of Alexander-Arnold's corner and powers a header past Johnstone! His teammates immediately dive all over him! Liverpool have snatched the win at the death!,1

GOAL! WEST BROM 1-1 LIVERPOOL! Who else but that man Salah? Liverpool take a free-kick quickly and Mane lays off for Salah just outside the area. The Egyptian curls it first-time into the far left of the net. Johnstone was never going to reach it.,1

GOAL! WEST BROM 1-0 LIVERPOOL! Robson-Kanu hands West Brom the lead! The Welshman bursts down the right-hand channel to reach Pereira's pass and slots calmly past Alisson into the far bottom corner.,1

Aspas takes his shirt off in celebration and is booked. It briefly appears as though he has been shown a red card, but the referee realises he has displayed the wrong card and books the striker instead.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! ASPAS! That could be a massive goal in the title race! It's 2-2! From a similar position to Messi's first-half assist, Aspas curls in a wonderful free-kick, keeping his shot hard and low and deceiving a static Ter Stegen. Celta are back on terms.,1

Braithwaite fouls Vazquez by the touchline and gets a booking, although the set-piece comes to nothing.,2

Luis Suarez will not get his hat-trick as he is replaced by Griezmann, giving Barca a little more energy in attack late in the game.,0

Barca now make their first change, perhaps surprisingly withdrawing the effective Fati for Braithwaite.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! LUIS SUAREZ! It's that man again, with a huge goal for Barca! 2-1! The striker collects a touch from Messi and spins in the area before arrowing a low shot into the bottom-left corner. Clinical.,1

Araujo fouls Luis Suarez, collecting a yellow card and giving up a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! SMOLOV! It's 1-1! Celta are level with a beautifully crafted goal. Yokuslu is sent clear by an outstanding Aspas pass and then takes his time before squaring for Smolov to turn a finish past Ter Stegen. Barca have work to do!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! LUIS SUAREZ! What a wonderful Barca free-kick! It's 1-0! Messi appears to be lining up a shot on the edge of the area but instead lifts a gorgeous cross to his strike partner at the far post. Onside due to the two defenders on the line, Luis Suarez heads in.,1

Alba is the first man into the book for a poor challenge on Mendez, appearing to catch his opponent with an elbow.,2

Vazquez is the next player off for Los Che, and Yarek Gasiorowski is on to provide both a solid defensive and attacking set-piece presence.,0

Dimitri Foulquier also comes on for Valencia, replacing Lopez in a change that could see the wide defensive positions reshuffled.,0

Three changes at once coming for the hosts, with Duro replaced up front by Alberto Mari as Los Che look to push the envelope here!,0

Xavi brings on teenage sensation Lamine Yamal, who comes on in place of Gundogan as Barca look to go all-out attack themselves.,0

Cancelo elbows Duro needlessly as the pair contest a bouncing ball, and it's a second yellow card in as many minutes for an increasingly undisciplined Barca.,2

De Jong completely lost Duro there having been distracted arguing with the referee, and he's shown a yellow card for dissent as a result!,2

Perez also comes off for Valencia having played a big part in that equaliser, and he's replaced out wide by Selim Amallah.,0

Former Valencia forward Ferran Torres enters the fray for Barcelona, resulting in a chorus of jeers from the home fans as he takes the place of the goalscorer Joao Felix.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Los Che are level! Perez's cross from the right isn't cleared well and Lopez heads the bouncing ball down for Guillamon. He steps beyond his man and sets his sights on goal, before curling a sensational strike right into the top corner! 1-1 at the Mestalla, and we've got a game on our hands with 20 minutes to go here!,1

Perez beats two players as he cuts inside before being promptly dispossessed by Gundogan. The Valencia winger follows up with a challenge of his own, sliding recklessly in on the Germany midfielder with a late tackle that results in a clear-cut yellow card.,2

Yaremchuk's been lively in the final third for Los Che, but comes off now for Sergi Canos to make an impression for the game's final half-hour.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Barcelona break the deadlock!!! De Jong's clipped ball in behind gives Raphinha space to cross, and he finds an unmarked Joao Felix at the far post who taps into an empty net! There's a question of offside but that's soon answered, and it's good news for the Blaugrana who go 1-0 up at the Mestalla!,1

Despite winning a foul off of Wass, Vidal leaves a stray foot out to trip the Valencia defender following that rough challenge. The latter gets booked for his behaviour.,2

Both goalscorers have now been substituted with the intention of preserving such a fragile lead, with Diakhaby coming on for Rodrigo to close out these nervy final few minutes.,0

Mallenco resumes play, and Barca subsequently bring out their final substitution by taking off Rakitic for Alena.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! MESSI PULLS ONE BACK!! The Argentina playmaker taps a loose ball into the back of an empty net following Domenech’s save from Lenglet’s header for his 10th goal in five Copa del Rey finals! It’s now 2-1, and the Blaugrana support are for the first time raising the volume at the Benito Villamarin!,1

Marcelino makes his first change of the final, bolstering his defensive options by bringing on Piccini in place of goalscorer Gameiro.,0

Another Barca player hits the deck, this time it’s Pique’s centre-back partner Lenglet who gets caught in an awkward challenge by Kondogbia. The Valencia substitute receives the game’s third booking in the process.,2

Los Ches will have to play these last 25 minutes without their captain as Kondogbia does come on in place of Parejo.,0

Busquets gets booked for a cynical foul on Rodrigo following a threatening Valencia breakaway led by Guedes! Dangerous times for the Blaugrana as Parejo stands over the ball in prime free-kick territory.,2

Gaya receives the first booking of the final after barging the substitute Malcom down as the winger went on a run down the channels.,2

Valverde reacts to the two-goal deficit by conducting a double substitution just before the second half. Firstly, Semedo comes off to be replaced by Malcom.,0

Vidal also comes on to replace Arthur in midfield as Valverde goes for broke with his attacking options.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!! RODRIGO DOUBLES LOS CHES’ LEAD!! Excellent work by Parejo in midfield as he leaves his marker for dead and plays a brilliant throughball to the pacy Soler, who beats Alba for speed before crossing for the grateful Rodrigo to head it home from a couple of yards out! 2-0 to Valencia, and Marcelino’s men are now in dreamland!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!! FIRST BLOOD TO VALENCIA!! Marcelino calls for calm but his requests are futile as Valencia’s fans celebrate a shock opener! The offside flag stays down as Gaya receives a long ball from deep before the left-back sends it low to Gameiro, who makes no mistake past Cillessen! It’s 1-0 to Los Ches in this Copa del Rey final!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! STERLING SCORES HIS SECOND!!!!!! 6-3 CITY!!!!! The forward notches his second and City's sixth to surely confirm the three points this afternoon. Mahrez puts his delivery on the money from a corner from the right flank. Dias rises in the middle, but miscues his header at goal. Sterling benefits as he pounces on the loose ball and sweeps a strike home from six yards.,1

Maddison trips Fernandinho on the edge of the Leicester box and then kicks the ball away. He goes into the book for kicking the ball away.,2

Tielemans is withdrawn after a difficult afternoon, conceding two penalties. Choudhury replaces the Belgian.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LAPORTE NODS HOME A VITAL FIFTH FOR CITY!!!!! 5-3!!!! City restore a two-goal lead courtesy of a precise header from Laporte. Mahrez swings a corner into the box from the right corner flag into a dangerous area. Laporte gets the better of Thomas in the air and directs his header away from Schmeichel into the top-right corner with precision. ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! IHEANACHO SCORES A THIRD FOR LEICESTER!!!!! 4-3!!!!! The Foxes are well and truly back in the game now as Iheanacho converts on the rebound. Maddison is afforded space and time on the edge of the City box and he curls a strike towards the top-right corner. Ederson tips it onto the bar, but the bounce falls kindly for Iheanacho to score on the turn on his left foot from six yards. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LOOKMAN FIRES HOME!!!!! 4-2!!!!! Leicester have a sniff of a comeback as Lookman finishes a brisk counter. City lose possession high up the field and Maddison threads the needle to release Iheanacho. He runs at the City defence before sending an incisive pass between Dias and Laporte for Lookman. The winger controls it and then dispatches a low strike past Ederson into the bottom-left corner. A nice finish.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MADDISON GETS ONE BACK!!!!!! 4-1!!!!!!!! Maddison slots home a strike from close range after Leicester hit the hosts on the counter. Laporte fails to make an interception and allows Maddison to break forward. He combines with Iheanacho with a neat one-two in the final third before curling a low strike into the bottom-left corner. He has deserved that.,1

Castagne enters the action to replace Perez at the break for the visitors, which will allow Albrighton to push forward.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! STERLING HAMMERS HOME HIS SPOT-KICK!!!!!! 4-0 CITY!!!! The England international steps up to take the penalty that he earned. He makes no mistake with his effort going for the same top-right corner that Mahrez picked out, blasting his effort away from Schmeichel.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GUNDOGAN SCORES FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!!!!! 3-0 CITY!!!! Gundogan notches City's third with a simple finish from close range after Schmeichel deflects Cancelo's cross into his path. Silva and De Bruyne combine to release Cancelo in the right-inside channel and he fires a dangerous low ball into the middle. Schmeichel sticks out a hand, but he can only turn it towards Gundogan, who slots in a low strike into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MAHREZ CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!!!! 2-0 CITY!!!! The forward hammers his penalty into the top-right corner to double City's lead. Mahrez haunts his former club by dispatching his effort away from Schmeichel to put Guardiola's men in complete control.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DE BRUYNE FIRES CITY AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! The home side take the lead through a clinical finish from the Belgian. Fernandinho lifts a ball over the top for the run of De Bruyne and he latches on to the pass. He brings it down and away from Vestegaard before carving out space for a left-footed strike at goal. He curls his effort away from Schmeichel into the bottom-left corner with precision.,1

GOALLL!!!! It's 1-0 to the visitors! Fati is the goalscorer as he gets on the end of a low deflected Mingueza cross from the right before smashing into the roof of the net to put his side in front.,1

Origi is given a rare chance to make an impact, as he replaces the irrepressible Leao. It wasn't the winger's best display today, but he still struck the post twice and created several other openings.,0

In a sign that Pioli thinks the points are secure, Bennacer is withdrawn for rookie midfielder Vranckx.,0

After a productive week in front of goal, Vlahovic draws a blank on the big occasion today. He makes way for Kean up front.,0

A tiring Giroud is replaced, as Rebic - who has netted four goals against Juventus since 2019 - comes on.,0

A quiet game for Kostic comes to an early conclusion, as Miretti is asked to provide some youthful energy in midfield.,0

His side now two goals down, Allegri must respond: first, the lifeless Locatelli makes way for Paredes.,0

For removing his shirt to celebrate a superb individual goal with the San Siro faithful, Diaz receives a yellow card.,2

DIAZ DOUBLES MILAN'S LEAD! A remarkable solo effort from the Rossoneri's mercurial playmaker opens up the Juventus defence, and Diaz's slalom through midfield ends with a clinical finish from the right side of the box; slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner! It's 2-0 to Milan!,1

On a booking, and having been involved in some robust exchanges, Cuadrado is withdrawn by Allegri; McKennie comes on. This could prompt a reshuffle in the Juventus defence.,0

MILAN LEAD! Deservedly, the Rossoneri go in front! Hernandez's outswinging corner drops to Giroud in the centre of the box, and the striker's volley hits Tomori on its path to goal. The Englishman reacts quickest to turn and guide the ball home past a helpless Szczesny from close range: 1-0 Milan!,1

For a clear pull on Diaz, who threatened to escape him in midfield, Cuadrado becomes the first player to see yellow.,2

GOAL! 3-2 BOURNEMOUTH! Hello! What's this? Harry Wilson gets his second goal of the game, skidding a shot into the net from the penalty spot. VAR checks it and it stands. Spurs still haven't resolved their defensive issues.,1

Alli gets a standing ovation as he leaves the pitch. He's been magnificent. Winks replaces him for the final few minutes.,0

Tempers flare as Lerma leaves a cynical leg on Alli, causing Spurs' other players to wade in. Lerma is booked for causing the ruckus.,2

GOAL! 3-1 BOURNEMOUTH! Ndombele fouls Cook at the base of Spurs' midfield. Harry Wilson steps up to curl a left-footed free-kick past Gazzaniga which kisses the crossbar as it goes in. It surely can't be more than a consolation, but a good goal nonetheless.,1

GOAL! 3-0 SPURS! Spurs go from 0-10 in seconds as Kane slides Son down the left. Son hangs the ball up for Sissoko, who acrobatically volleys into the net from a tight angle! A lovely goal.,1

Rico gets the first yellow card of the game for checking Aurier's run. It's been quite a clean game overall.,2

Here's that expected Bournemouth change - Harry Wilson comes on. It's Fraser who'll make way for him.,0

GOAL! 2-0 SPURS! Alli doubles his tally, and again it's another Alderweireld long ball! The midfielder chests the ball down in the box, skips past Stacey and Cook and slots it home. ,1

GOAL! 1-0 SPURS! Son latches onto Alderweireld's long ball over the top and selflessly squares it for Alli to tap in. That was far too easy.,1

Caught out of position after attempting a clearance well outside his box - and not for the first time today - Silva clearly handles the ball and is consequently booked.,2

De Paul is brought on to add fresh legs in midfield, as Atletico aim to see out the game safely. Saul makes way.,0

BETIS STRIKE BACK! After winning a free-kick on the edge of the Atleti area, Fekir steps up to take the attempt himself. Arrowing the ball past a flat-footed Oblak and into the left side of the net, the Frenchman pulls his team back into the match: it's now only a one-goal deficit!,1

Having quite probably won the match for his team with two goals, Griezmann's shift is over. Carrasco comes on.,0

With the situation getting increasingly desperate, Pellegrini turns to Fekir. The playmaker replaces Betis skipper Guardado for the final 15 minutes.,0

GRIEZMANN STRIKES AGAIN! The visitors score a brilliant team goal, as swift interchanges between Correa, Cunha and its finisher, Griezmann, lead to a two-goal lead for Atleti! The French forward stayed cool to complete the move with a low shot under Silva from five yards, though the goalkeeper came within inches of scrambling to keep it out!,1

For deliberately halting the progress of Moreno in midfield, Kondogbia is the latest player booked by the referee.,2

ATLETI LEAD! Not long after almost going behind, the visitors strike direct from a corner! An inswinging effort from Griezmann, on the right, bounces before evading the Betis defenders and rolls into the net via Pezzella's failed clearance! It's 1-0 to Los Colchoneros!,1

An ill-timed lunging challenge by Molina sees the right-back receive the game's first yellow card, for bringing down the rapid Henrique by the touchline.,2

Due to what appears to be a hamstring injury, Felipe is forced to make way for Ruiz. That's not ideal for Pellegrini - certainly with some Europa League commitments coming up in the next couple of weeks.,0

Here's something you do not see every day. Brady, who came on as a sub in the first half, has now been replaced by Brownhill.,0

GOAAAALLLL!!! BURNLEY 1-1 FULHAM - Burnley fire back at the earliest opportunity and it is Barnes that draws them level. Fulham allowed Rodriguez to sneak down the right wing and he played a beautiful ball across the face of goal. Fulham's defence were outnumbered and Barnes, even after a poor touch, was able to slot the ball past Areola who left too much of a gap at his far post.,1

GOAAAALLL!!!! BURNLEY 0-1 FULHAM - The visitors open the scoring from a corner and Aina will claim it, despite knowing very little about the goal. Andersen's flick at the near post hit Aina in the chest, and it seemed to confuse everyone in the Burnley defence. The ball was allowed to bounce towards goal and Brady's clearance went the wrong way and into the back of the net. Pope had no chance, and Burnley seemed too bothered about claiming for a handball, but the pass hit Aina in the chest before going towards goal.,1

Brady is booked and rightly so after a poor challenge on Reed. The winger lost control of the ball and tried to win it back, before clipping Reed above his ankle.,2

Gudmundsson's night is over, he has already walked down the tunnel, and Brady comes on to replace him.,0

Loftus-Cheek is the first player to be booked after catching Taylor with a flying tackle. Taylor looked in some pain, but he seems fine to carry on without any treatment.,2

UDINESE HAVE A CONSOLATION! It's well worked into the box by Udinese and Mandragora tries to cut it back to the edge of the box. A deflection off Demiral takes it to Pussetto in the middle of the box though and he hits it first time to find the bottom left corner. 3-1!,1

Bonucci is the other player to come off, possibly because of his head injury earlier, and De Ligt is on in his place.,0

Double change for Juventus now and the first to make way is Dybala who goes off to a standing ovation. Bernardeschi comes on to replace him.,0

AND IT'S 3-0! Udinese don't clear their lines from a corner and Demiral heads it back into the box where Bonucci was waiting. He headed it over the goalkeeper, off the bottom of the crossbar and just over the line.,1

THEY HAVE A SECOND! Higuain excellently picks out Ronaldo in the box and he gets ahead of Nuytinck and fires the ball away from the goalkeeper and into the bottom left corner from the middle of the box. 2-0 Juventus!,1

Dybala brings the ball down, takes a touch and then chips an excellent shot over Musso and into the back of the net. The goal is disallowed as he used his arm to bring it down and he's shown a yellow card for handball.,2

RONALDO SCORES! Dybala chests the ball down and tries to turn with it, but Troot-Ekong gets a leg to it to take it away from him. He gives the to Ronaldo though who hits the shot first time and fires it into the bottom right corner. 1-0 Juventus!,1

Gakpo is withdrawn after opening his Liverpool account. Firmino returns after a layoff to replace the forward.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! GAKPO OPENS HIS LIVERPOOL ACCOUNT!!!!!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! The Reds notch their second of the game on another counter which Gakpo converts to score his first Liverpool goal. Robertson surges forward and offloads to Salah, who releases Alexander-Arnold. He directs a perfect low cross to the back post for Gakpo to steer home as Coady fails to clear his lines.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH SCORES ON THE COUNTER!!!!!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!!!! The Reds take the lead on a lightning break through Salah. Straight from the corner where Tarkowski strikes the post with a header, Nunez breaks with speed down the left flank and supplies a cross into the middle. Salah reacts to steer the ball past Pickford, who comes off his line but gets nowhere near intercepting the cross. A costly mistake.,1

A late change for the hosts sees Adli replace Okafor, with Milan putting more of an emphasis on keeping hold of possession in the final minutes.,0

Cancellieri becomes the fourth Empoli player to be booked today, with the substitute cynically pushing Hernandez over from behind in an attempt to stop the full-back from charging up the pitch, receiving a yellow card as a result.,2

Niang comes off without a goal against his former side, giving another ex-Rossoneri forward a chance to make his mark. Destro gets a chance to stretch his legs, at the stadium he used to call home.,0

Cancellieri is the latest entrant, with Empoli still looking for a way back into the game. Cancellieri is his replacement, with just under a quarter-hour left to go.,0

Unsatisfied with a one-goal lead, Pioli opts to send on his veteran striker with 17 minutes left. Jovic comes off with just one shot and 16 total touches, giving way for Giroud.,0

Zurkowski attempts to stop Musah from turning in midfield illegally, grabbing the kit of the United States international before using two hands to pull him back from his shoulders. It’s a yellow card for the Empoli forward, who doesn't protest the decision.,2

Pulisic is given an early rest after his exploits in the Europa League on Thursday, with Chukwueze given a chance to impress with just under 30 minutes remaining.,0

Tomori lasts just over an hour in his first start since December, with another newly fit defender coming on to take his place; Kalulu.,0

Not willing to risk a potential second booking, Pioli recalls Reijnders to the bench, in favour of Musah.,0

It’s two alterations at once for Empoli, who withdraw both of their yellow-carded players. Fazzini comes to the touchline, with Kovalenko taking over in midfield.,0

Two minutes after picking up a yellow card, Nicola takes Pezzella off in an attempt to protect him from a second booking. Cacace is sent on in his place.,0

Calabria remains down on the pitch after receiving a high boot in the knee from Pezzella during a duel for the bouncing ball. It’s a yellow card for the Empoli wing-back; the third booking of the contest.,2

DECISION OVERTURNED! 1-0 MILAN! After a lengthy VAR review, the referee changes his mind and points towards the centre-circle, with the Rossoneri goal given! It appeared as though Okafor was offside in the build-up, but that is not the case, latching onto Bennacer’s pass with perfect timing before finding Pulisic on the edge of the penalty area. Using his weaker foot, the winger caught a helpful deflection off the foot of Luperto, helping his shot skip past Caprile!,1

Reijnders' attempt to stop Cambiaghi in full stride ends with a free-kick and a yellow card shown as the Milan midfielder is called for a similar foul to Fazzini, two minutes earlier.,2

The first booking of the match comes after 24 minutes, with Fazzini cynically pulling Pulisic down in an attempt to prevent a counter-attack. It’s a yellow card for the Empoli midfielder, who feels he didn’t have many other options.,2

Torres' breakaway goal got Barca back on track late in the first half, and with the game having turned fully into his side's favour, the Spain international comes off for recent January signing Vitor Roque.,0

Losada comes off still nursing that head wound from his earlier collision with Pena, and Asier Teijeira will see the game out in the attacking positions for Unionistas.,0

Gundogan is taken out off the ball by his opposite number Gimenez, and after the subsequent passage of play breaks down for Barcelona, the Unionistas defender is shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! They've got some daylight now!! Barca all-but seal the win in spectacular style, as Balde sets off and finishes an amazing solo goal!!! The left-back cuts inside before beating Gomez, surging into the box, and smashing the ball into the roof of the net from a tight angle!!! 3-1 to the Blaugrana, and that's a goal their young full-back prodigy will remember for the rest of his career!!!,1

Nespral and Cubarsi slide in for a 50-50 and it's the Unionistas man who gets there first before being caught late by the Barca defender, with Cubarsi shown an immediate yellow card for the recklessness of that challenge.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Barca have turned it around here!!! The visitors bring more and more numbers forward as Unionistas drop deeper and deeper into their own half. Those numbers include the centre-backs, and Cubarsi passes to Kounde, who lets fly with a fantastic effort which dips and swerves through the air before finding the bottom-right corner!!! The Blaugrana take a 2-1 lead after almost 70 minutes of frustration and poor execution, and it's hard to see them surrendering their advantage from here!,1

Joao Felix played a crucial part in Barca's equaliser, but comes off now for Ilkay Gundogan, who will slot into the midfield three alongside De Jong and Romeu.,0

Fermin Lopez will also come off for the Blaugrana, and Pedri is on to pull the strings in midfield for the remainder of this contest.,0

Barca are introducing three of their big guns from the bench in a bid to get this game won as soon as possible, as the free-scoring Robert Lewandowski comes on to replace booked forward Guiu up front.,0

Bulgarian striker Slavy is also on for the hosts, and he'll replace Rastrojo, who has been very effective up front, in the attack.,0

Triple substitutions are on the way with both sides looking to fresh legs in the final half-hour, as Hector Nespral enters the fray in place of Adri Gomez in Unionistas' midfield.,0

Guiu slides in late, and needlessly, on Gimenez as he tries to press the Unionistas right-back, and the young Blaugrana striker is shown a yellow card as Gimenez receives treatment.,2

Xavi makes one half-time change for Barca, bringing another youngster, Pau Cubarsi, onto the pitch in place of Andreas Christensen.,0

Unionistas winger Serrano is sadly forced off at the break after making such an impact in that first half, and Javier Villar will slot in to replace him in the hosts' midfield.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! The Blaugrana are back on level terms! The hosts' corner is cleared and Barca counter with searing pace. Pena punches, Romeu heads clear, and Joao Felix slips a pass through to Torres. Racing over halfway and into wide open space, the winger draws Martinez before coolly slotting into the bottom-left corner!! It's 1-1 in Salamanca, and Torres has pulled his side out of an almighty hole right on half-time!,1

Jimenez chops down Lopez in midfield to concede a free-kick, and is also met with the first yellow card of this contest.,2

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! The side from the Primera Federacion lead the mighty Barcelona!!! Unionistas come forward and Serrano fires a high, hanging cross into the area. It misses the early runners into the box, but Alvaro Gomez is arriving late and meets the ball with a sweetly-struck volley, giving Pena no chance as it's buried in the top corner!!! 1-0 to third-tier Unionistas de Salamanca, and the Copa del Rey's surprise package pull off yet another shock!,1

GOAL! ANTHONY GORDON THROWS EVERTON ANOTHER LIFELINE! 3-2! It's a double for the Toffees man too, as he offers a near-instant response for the hosts! Kenny sticks the cross in, and he muzzles a close-range, tight finish past Sanchez. Game back on!,1

GOAL! ALEXIS MAC ALLISTER SCORES A SCREAMER FOR BRIGHTON! 3-1! That might just be that - and what a way to make it so! The Argentine ignites the Seagulls with a beautiful volley from outside the box, rifled above Jordan Pickford and into the roof of the net! Magnificent!,1

Webster picks up the first booking of the second half now. Brighton are looking a little bit unsure of themselves.,2

GOAL! ANTHONY GORDON PULLS ONE BACK FOR EVERTON! 2-1! It's an almighty deflection that helps bury the ball past Sanchez, but the Toffees star coasts a great run in off the right wing before hooking his left-footed finish towards goal. Great stuff for the hosts!,1

GOAL! DAN BURN DOUBLES BRIGHTON'S LEAD! 2-0! It's gone from bad to worse for Everton, as Jordan Pickford leaks for a second time at close-range today! The Seagulls snap up a corner, Mwepu turns it across and the defender is there to nudge in at the far post!,1

Kenny picks up an early booking now after he goes for a challenge and pulls back with a hacked leg on Mac Allister. That will be a yellow card.,2

GOAL! ALEXIS MAC ALLISTER MAKES IT THE PERFECT START FOR BRIGHTON! 1-0! Veltman flicks a one-touch cross in off the right wing, Maupay heads back to earth as the Everton defence fails to contain him and the Argentine is there to fire home at close-range!,1

Having quite possibly scored the decisive goal today, De Jong departs just before the final whistle; Pepi replaces him up front.,0

OFF! As expected, Lens' ill discipline finally results in the visitors going down to 10 men! Guilavogui catches Boscagli with a mistimed challenge and picks up his second booking since arriving from the bench!,3

Desperate times call for desperate measures, so top marksman Wahi is withdrawn. Said is sent on with instructions to grab Lens a late leveller!,0

Having clearly stepped on Schouten's foot in midfield, Guilavogui receives a yellow card not long after leaving the bench.,2

In search of a late leveller, Haise calls upon his replacements again. First, Machado makes way for Haidara.,0

Reversing the only change to his starting lineup from last month's game in Lens, Haise sends on Fulgini for Thomasson.,0

After collecting the ball inside his six-yard box following a free-kick, Samba collides with De Jong. No free-kick is given, and Medina's protests see the Argentinian join both of his back-three colleagues in the book.,2

A fifth Lens booking: Gradit deliberately steps on De Jong's foot and joins several team-mates in the referee's notebook.,2

Sotoca angrily complains and then drags the prone Ramalho back to his feet, so becomes the fourth Lens man to see yellow already.,2

Wahi protests as he becomes the third Lens player booked in a matter of minutes, after bringing down Ramalho in midfield.,2

Having tussled with De Jong and dragged the Dutch striker to the turf, Danso joins Machado in the referee's notebook.,2

After a clear push on Danso as the pair battle for possession deep in Lens territory, Lozano receives the game's first booking.,2

PSV LEAD! The home fans roar their approval as PSV captain De Jong heads home a trademark opening goal! Meeting Bakayoko's inswinging cross from the right near the penalty spot, the veteran striker holds off his marker and steers the ball past Samba and into the top-right corner: 1-0!,1

SCOTT!!! 3-1! Bournemouth pull one back! It may be too little, too late for the visitors, though. A lovely move into the Tottenham area culminates in Tavernier squaring the ball for Scott, who brilliantly sweeps a first-time shot into the bottom-right corner.,1

RICHARLISON!!! 3-0 TOTTENHAM! Surely, the three points are in the bag now! A swift and incisive move sees a long ball release Johnson down the right. He whips it into the six-yard box, where Richarlison arrives to turn home.,1

Lo Celso demonstrates wonderful balance with a fine run before he is stopped in his tracks by Senesi, who is booked.,2

SON!!! 2-0 TOTTENHAM! No mistake from the skipper this time! In a similar position to the one he found himself in a couple of minutes ago, Son is put in behind by Lo Celso. With Aarons playing him onside, the winger advances into the area before firing across Neto and into the bottom-right corner.,1

Bournemouth turn to the bench once more. This time, Christie is the player to make way with Scott taking his place.,0

Bentancur, who was returning ahead of schedule today, is given a breather as he goes off to be replaced by Hojbjerg.,0

Ouattara is unable to continue following his knock at the end of the first half. Aarons replaces him at the break.,0

Lo Celso brings the ball out of his own penalty area before he is tripped by Kluivert, who goes into the book.,2

SARR!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM! The hosts strike first in this contest! Neto unwittingly puts the visitors in danger as his pass out of the penalty area is intercepted by the alert Bentancur. Lo Celso then slides in to help the loose ball to Sarr, who drives towards the penalty area before drilling a low shot into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! JOTA! He gets his goal! 3-1 Liverpool! A corner from the left is not properly cleared, so Alexander-Arnold delivers from the opposite side. Luiz heads only as far as Jota, who controls on his knee and volleys into the bottom-left corner with Leno rooted.,1

Mane has perhaps been Liverpool's standout player but now makes way for Jota, the league debutant. The winger is not happy as he makes his way off.,0

Lacazette missed Arsenal's big chance to equalise, despite opening the scoring, and Arteta turns instead to Nketiah.,0

Mane is causing all sorts of problems. Arsenal are sending two or three men over to deal with him and none of them can. Ceballos shoves the winger to the ground and gets a card.,2

Arsenal make their second change. It has been a quiet outing for Willian, with Pepe now on in his place.,0

Alexander-Arnold is late as he closes down Tierney and catches the Arsenal defender, earning a booking.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! ROBERTSON! The Liverpool left-back makes amends! 2-1! He was at fault for the Arsenal opener, but the Reds defender combines with colleague Alexander-Arnold in trademark fashion. A cross from the right reaches Robertson, whose control is a little untidy but his finish, prodded over Leno, is assured.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! MANE! That did not take long! 1-1! The referee plays a wonderful advantage after Keita is fouled on the right. Firmino feeds Salah, who tears away from Tierney and shoots from a tight angle. Leno can only parry and Mane is on hand to tap in. We are level again!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! LACAZETTE! Incredible! An awful Robertson error gifts Arsenal the opener! 1-0! Arsenal counter through Maitland-Niles down the left, although the cross is poor and only finds Robertson. Remarkably, the left-back takes a horrible touch and Lacazette, who would have been offside from the initial delivery, pounces to bundle the ball beyond a scrambling Alisson.,1

Mane is the first man booked for a rather ugly challenge. Chasing after his own poor touch, he pushes his arm out to hold off Tierney and catches the Arsenal man firmly in the face. The winger claims to have used only his shoulder, but this is a blatant yellow card.,2

Barcola takes one for the team as he goes into the book after trying to prevent PSG from advancing and potentially threatening.,2

Lacazette is also given a breather. After handing over the captain's armband, he is replaced by Dembele.,0

BARCOLA!!! 1-0 LYON! The substitute puts the visitors in front! After a strong spell of pressure, Nseke volleys Thiago Mendes' diagonal ball to the far post, where Barcola arrives to apply the finishing touch.,1

PENALTY! Lyon spring the offside trap and although Barcola slips at the vital moment, the ball ricochets to Lacazette, who is brought down by Donnarumma. The referee points to the spot, while booking the PSG goalkeeper.,2

TOLISSO SCORES! It's too easy for the visitors now and Gnabry's driving run ends with a drilled cross into the six-yard box. Bahr gets a leg to it, but he can't stop it from getting through to Tolisso. He fires it past Waki and into the back of the net. 12-0 Bayern! ,1

SARR SCORES! Bremer's 10 men just can't cope with the pressure and Sarr makes it 11-0! He pushed forward through the middle and made the overlapping run around Choupo-Moting. The forward laid it off to him and he slotted his effort past Bahr.,1

Nianzou is shown the first yellow card of the game after he goes over the top of the ball and catches Muszong with his studs.,2

CHOUPO-MOTING AGAIN! He has a fourth and Bayern have hit 10! The forward gets in between the defenders and turns before hitting a low shot across goal from the right of the box. Bahr can't get down in time and it nestles into the bottom corner. ,1

CUISANCE SCORES! The Bremer defenders rush back towards their goal, leaving Cuisance unmarked just outside the six-yard box. He hits the shot first time when Gnabry picks him out and slots the ball through the keeper's legs into the back of the net. 9-0 Bayern!,1

RED CARD! Tillman was running through on goal and Nobile had both hands on his shirt, dragging him back to stop him from getting to the ball. He wasn't the last defender, but he was stopping a clear goalscoring opportunity, so he's shown a straight red card and Bremer will have to finish the game with 10 men!,3

There's a double change for Bremer now as well, and there's going to be a change in goalkeeper. Seemann goes off and 19-year-old Bahr comes on to replace him.,0

SANE SCORES! Sarr's initial cross is headed away by Waki, but it comes back to Omar Richards on the edge of the box and he cushions it down for Sane. He takes a touch before firing his low shot across goal and it bounces over the line off the inside of the far post. 8-0 Bayern! ,1

MUSIALA SCORES AGAIN! The defender's interception ends up helping it through to Choupo-Moting and, just like in the first half, he sets up Musiala. His first touch takes him away from Nobile and he fires this shot into the top left corner, giving Seemann no chance. 7-0 Bayern! ,1

TILLMAN SCORES! Bremer try to play out from the back and Olatunji's poor pass is intercepted by Tillman. He holds off Muszong to get in on goal and coolly slides his shot under Seemann and into the back of the net. 6-0 Bayern!,1

There's a triple change at the break, as Nagelsmann does rest some of his key players. Sule is the first to go off, with Chris Richards on for him.,0

HAT-TRICK! Bremer just couldn't get their lines clear and Tolisso lifts a lovely cross into Muller at the far post. Again, he has space for a shot on goal, but he chooses to unselfishly cushion his header into Choupo-Moting. He flicks his header past Seemann to get his hat-trick and put Bayern 5-0 up!,1

CHOUPO-MOTING SCORES AGAIN! Bremer's defence are all over the place and Bayern overload them with three forwards against two. The defenders and keeper rush out to Sane and he squares it to Choupo-Moting, who is free in the middle, and he's left with a simple tap-in. 4-0 Bayern! ,1

MUSIALA SCORES! It's a lovely bit of play from Bayern, and they're 2-0 up! Kimmich threads it through for Musiala and he plays a one-two with Choupo-Moting to get away from Warm. Seemann rushes off his line, but he keeps his cool and slots his effort past him and into the far bottom corner from the right of the box.,1

CHOUPO-MOTING SCORES! Bayern win the ball back quickly again and it's played quickly over the top to Sane. He pulls it back for Choupo-Moting, who stretches to bring it under control. He has to turn before firing his shot over Seemann's outstretched hand and it's in off the bottom of the crossbar. 1-0 Bayern! ,1

41-years young, Joaquin comes on for an appearance against Real Madrid. Ruibal's match comes to an end.,0

The referee uses this opportunity to go back and show Militao a yellow card for his two-handed pull on the shirt of Iglesias during an aerial duel.,2

Iglesias is shown a yellow card 30 seconds after his team-mate for what the referee deems to be a dangerous and unnecessary push on Militao during a tussle for the loose ball.,2

Sabaly cynically holds Vinicius back with two arms to prevent an interchange with Benzema. It’s a yellow card for the full-back, who has been busy all evening.,2

Carvalho is overzealous in his appeals to the referee, putting his hands on the match official. It's a yellow card for the Betis midfielder just before the interval.,2

The first yellow card of the match is shown to Camavinga, for sticking out a leg and catching Rodri cynically.,2

Pique's number goes up on the board, and the defender takes a moment with all of his team-mates on the pitch before handing the captain's armband to Alba. He's emotional as he goes off to a standing ovation from the fans. Christensen is on in his place.,0

Barcelona are making a double change here. Dembele is the first to go off, with Raphinha on in his place.,0

DE JONG SCORES! Pedri sweeps it out to Alba on the left and he curls a brilliant cross into the middle, which Fati hits first-time on the half-volley. It's straight at Martinez, who parries it, but De Jong is on hand to volley it over the keeper and into the back of the net. 2-0 Barca!,1

DEMBELE SCORES! And Barca finally find their breakthrough! Almeria's attack fizzles out and Busquets gets his head up before playing it long to Dembele down the right. He cuts inside, taking it around two Almeria defenders before slotting his low shot into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Barca!,1

There's a double change for Almeria at the break. Baptistao is the first to make way, with Sousa on for him.,0

It's a poor challenge from Dembele as he slides in on Kaiky, and he can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

Dembele swings in another cross from the right and Torres thinks about sliding in but pulls out when Martinez comes for the ball. He still catches the keeper though, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Brentford's final change is a double one. After setting up the goal, Mbuemo is taken off and Ghoddos comes on to make his final appearance for the club in his place.,0

PINNOCK SCORES! It's been coming, and Brentford have finally broken the deadlock! The free-kick is sent long down the right and Schade gets the better of Gomez as he whips it in from the byline. Mbuemo nods it down into space in the middle of the box and Pinnock makes a late run onto it, drilling it into the bottom corner. 1-0 Brentford!,1

Zanka was involved in a late challenge earlier on in the move for City. Now that play has been stopped, the referee goes back to book him for it.,2

It's Foden attempting to get City upfield again, but he's tugged back by Janelt, and the German is booked.,2

Brentford are making a double change here as they search for a late goal. Damsgaard is the first to go off, with Schade replacing him.,0

Foden is threatening to break on the counter from a Brentford corner. Damsgaard drags him back to prevent it, and it sees him go into the referee's book.,2

City are making the first change of the game, and 19-year-old Charles is coming on to make his debut for the club. He replaces Ake.,0

Lewis was on the ground when he shielded the ball from Mee which is when the claims for handball started. Brentford are incensed that they don't have a penalty, and Wissa is booked for dissent.,2

Gundogan comes off for City having failed to notch a hat-trick, and Rodri will see out the game at the base of midfield for the hosts.,0

McKennie loses the ball in midfield and Gundogan skips away into space. Leeds' defence is soon outnumbered, but the City attack is halted after McKennie takes Gundogan down and receives a late yellow card.,2

Alvarez comes off in City's latest change, and Bernardo Silva will replace the World Cup winner for the last moments of this suddenly tight game!,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! All of a sudden, Leeds are back in this!! A horrible goal from City's point of view, who fail to clear before Akanji loses the ball on the edge of the box. Rodrigo profits to race in behind, and strokes the ball beyond Ederson to give Leeds a lifeline! 2-1 with five minutes of normal time to go, and this game is far from over yet!,1

Bamford is next off for Leeds having had whatever the opposite of "service" is up front, and Brenden Aaronson will replace the one-cap Englishman in the Whites' frontline.,0

Forshaw's first league start of 2023 also comes to an end, as Pascal Struijk is introduced to bolster Leeds' defence late on.,0

Mahrez slips in De Bruyne, racing down the byline, but the City midfielder is caught late by Rodrigo and the Leeds United forward goes into the book.,2

Harrison comes off having also been starved of possession against his former employers, and the Leeds winger is replaced by Crysencio Summerville as we approach the final stages of the game.,0

Gnonto comes off having been able to spend very little time on the ball, and he's replaced in attack by Leeds' top scorer this season, Rodrigo.,0

Ake has pulled up with what appears to be a hamstring strain, and not wanting to take any chances with big games coming up, Pep Guardiola brings on Kyle Walker to replace the Dutchman.,0

Mahrez spins away from Gnonto but is caught from behind by the Italian forward, and Leeds' promising teenager is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! City double their lead with a near-identical goal to the first!!! Haaland drops to the edge of the box and engages several defenders before freeing up Mahrez. With few options in a crowded Leeds box, the Algerian again finds Gundogan on the edge, who takes a touch before firing another low shot into the opposite corner! The City machine purring with ever-efficient quality, and it's 2-0 to the oh so dominant hosts.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! City take their routine lead!!! De Bruyne's wide pass is collected by Mahrez, who beats Firpo and squares for Gundogan. The captain arrives late and hits the shot low, slotting it right into the bottom corner!! Robles unmoved, City unstoppable, and the reigning champions lead 1-0 inside the first 20 minutes.,1

PSG ADD A THIRD!!! Mbappe rattles the post with a powerful drive from outside the box. Unluckily for Dupe, it comes back off the woodwork and hits him, deflecting straight to Bernat. The Spaniard made no mistake with the finish, rifling high into the net to make it 3-0.,1

IT'S 2-0!!! Mbappe is the goalscorer, after good work from Messi down the left ends with him pulling the ball back for his forward partner, who lashes home first-time with his right foot.,1

THE GOAL IS GIVEN! The replays showed that Neymar was onside when the ball was played through by Messi, and VAR decides to allow the goal to give PSG a 1-0 lead.,1

All hell breaks loose from that free-kick as the tension spills over among the players. Carvajal is one of several players to be booked.,2

Savic, too, receives a yellow card. Meanwhile, Valverde gets a sympathetic pat from his boss Zidane. If Madrid win this, no doubt he'll feel he made the right choice.,2

RED CARD FOR VALVERDE! Modric's free-kick causes chaos in the Atletico box and they eventually scramble it clear to counter! Morata beats Valverde and is through on goal but Valverde cynically brings him down. It's an obvious goalscoring opportunity, and Madrid are down to 10 men!,3

Atletico make a fourth change, as is permitted in extra-time these days. The Colombian right-back Arias replaces Joao Felix.,0

Atletico substitution. That clearance is Gimenez's last act of the game. Savic comes on to replace him. Gimenez approaches the bench and throws his water bottle to the ground in anger. He clearly didn't want to come off.,0

Modric also sees yellow for his challenge. Atletico have one last chance to score from this free-kick before extra-time...,2

Mendy is booked for stopping Atletico's counter-attack. What can Atletico do with this free-kick from deep in midfield?,2

Atletico make their first substitution of the game. Herrera, who's been mostly anonymous, is replaced by Vitolo.,0

Felipe arrives late on Jovic and earns himself a yellow card. Atletico have been pushing their luck with challenges for a few minutes now.,2

With his side being pushed further and further back, Laurey brings on Mothiba for Ajorque in the final change of the game.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! PSG 2-2 STRASBOURG! Mbappe's run may not have paid instant dividends but, from the corner he won, his side score an equaliser that has been coming. Kehrer peels away from his man and guides Draxler's corner away from Sels with a good header.,1

Grandsir is on for Da Costa, who now has two goals and two assists against PSG during his Ligue 1 career.,0

Mbappe replaces Choupo-Moting in the first of PSG's changes. There are audible jeers around the Parc des Princes for the departing player, seemingly for his horror miss in the first half.,0

Lala, who showed great pace to power away from Verratti a little earlier, is shown a yellow card for lunging in on Nkunku. Tuchel is furious with the challenge and is told by the referee to get back in his dugout.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! PSG 1-2 STRASBOURG! A week on from lifting the Coupe de la Ligue, Strasbourg are on course for another famous win! PSG only half-clear the corner and Goncalves picks out the bottom corner with a stunning outside-of-the-boot shot. Verratti and Paredes are guilty of turning their backs on the ball, but that is a superb strike.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! PSG 1-1 STRASBOURG! Well this wasn't in the script! The player who loves playing against PSG levels up the match at the Parc des Princes. Alves and Dagba are caught out of position and Da Costa is able to slot the ball away from Buffon once picked out by Carole 12 yards from goal.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! PSG 1-0 STRASBOURG! The home side have the breakthrough goal their early efforts deserve thanks to a close-range finish from Choupo-Moting. Paredes sends Dagba clear down the right and the full-back's first time cross is converted by Choupo-Moting, possibly with a slight touch off covering defender Mitrovic.,1

GOOOOAAALLLLL!!!!!!! EMPOLI HAVE SURELY WON IT!!!! INCREDIBLE!!! As we move into four minutes of added time, Ebuehi cuts the ball back for Kovalenko inside the Napoli box. He shoots first time with his right foot, arrowing a delightful finish past Gollini and into the top corner to put struggling Empoli on the verge of victory away at the reigning champions! Andreazzoli's men lead 1-0!!!,1

Ranocchia has impressed in midfield for the visitors, winning all three of his tackles, but now comes off for Grassi.,0

Right on cue, Cancellieri is booked for delaying the restart, preventing Di Lorenzo from taking a quick throw-in.,2

Politano is replaced by the Denmark international Lindstrom, who is yet to find the net in Serie A for Napoli since arriving from Eintracht Frankfurt prior to this season.,0

Fazzini attempted six tackles during his time on the pitch, more than any other player, but is now replaced by Kovalenko.,0

The introduction of Kvaratskhelia is greeted with a loud roar of encouragement from the home crowd, as he replaces Elmas. Can the Georgia international provide a spark?,0

GOAL! Firmino grabs his second and makes it 5-1! Jones fires a low shot at goal from the edge of the box, which is blocked by Cardoso and then falls straight to the feet of Firmino in front of goal. The striker then takes his time and slots it into the back of the net. The goal is initially ruled out for offside, but after a long VAR review, the decision is overturned and it stands as Firmino just managed to stay onside.,1

GOAL! Firmino capitalises on a huge mistake by Costa to make it 4-1! Jones plays a long ball over the top of the Porto defence looking for Firmino, but it looks like Marcano has it under control. However, Costa decides to come out of his box and races up the pitch to try and clear it, but gets nowhere near the ball. Firmino then has an empty net to aim at and he slides the ball towards goal, which just has enough pace on it to beat Costa, who couldn't prevent it from crossing the line, despite sprinting back.,1

GOAL! Porto have pulled one back, it’s 3-1! Vieira does well on the edge of the box, to turn away from the Liverpool defence and work space for the cross, whipping a good ball into the penalty area. Taremi manages to get in front of Gomez and he powers his header into the back of the net, with Alisson having no chance of saving that.,1

Another Liverpool change now, with Henderson the man coming off and he passes the captains armband to Van Dijk. Oxlade-Chamberlain is his replacement.,0

Liverpool make a triple substitution now, with Milner the first to man come off and he has been replaced by Gomez.,0

GOAL! Salah scores his second of the game and Liverpool’s third! Jones does brilliantly in midfield, winning the ball back on the halfway line and then breaking forward quickly, before laying it out to Salah to his right, who only had Costa to beat and he coolly slides it past the keeper and into the back of the net.,1

Porto have made a double change now, with Sanusi the first to come off and he has been replaced by Wendell.,0

Porto have made a change ahead of the second half, with Martinez coming off and he has been replaced by former Liverpool man Grujic.,0

GOAL! Liverpool double their lead just before the break! It’s a brilliant cross into the box from the right wing by Milner, catching the Porto defence and keeper out, with Costa coming out to block the cross, but he completely misses the ball! It then falls to Mane at the far post, who had a simple tap-in from just a few yards out. Liverpool go 2-0 up.,1

GOAL! Salah fires Liverpool ahead, it's 1-0! Jones does brilliantly down the left wing, taking on Corona and he races into the box and fires a low shot at goal, which is saved by Costa. However, he can only push the ball straight into the path of Sanusi, who is unable to clear the danger and Salah sends it into the back of the net from close range. The keeper should have done better with the initial shot, but it was great anticipation by Salah to convert the rebound.,1

Here is the enforced Porto substitution, with Otavio coming off with an injury and he has been replaced by Vieira.,0

Pioli makes a triple substitution with an hour played. Bonaventura is on for Calhanoglu in the first of the changes.,0

Atalanta have made a change at the break, with Toloi - who was on a booking - being replaced by Sutalo.,0

GOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! MILAN 1-1 ATALANTA!! Freuler wins the ball back for Atalanta and charges for the box after playing a quick one-two. His shot ricochets off Gabbia and into the path of Zapata, who holds off Calabria to poke in the leveller.,1

Confirmation of the yellow card for Biglia, who caught Malinovskiy with his studs. The Milan midfielder is perhaps fortunate not to have been shown a straight red.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! MILAN 1-0 ATALANTA!! This is sublime from Calhanoglu! Rebic nutmegs Toloi before being fouled by his opponent. Calhanoglu looks certain to cross the free-kick from the left but instead whips it into the far corner of the net, with Gollini unable to get a hand to it.,1

Alba doesn't appreciate a heavy challenge from Maffeo and argues with his opposite man, until the referee shows him a yellow card.,2

GOALL! RAILLO! 2-1. Mallorca pull one back. Sevilla sends in a superb deep free-kick and Raillo slides in to steer a superb volley into the bottom corner from 12 yards!,1

Aubameyang makes way for Fati, who makes it first appearance since January due to injury. This is an exciting moment for the young attacker and the Barcelona fans roar with approval.,0

Mallorca make two changes as they look for an injection of energy. The first sees Dani Rodriguez make way for Grenier.,0

And Busquets makes it 2-0! Barcelona open up space with a sweeping move that ends with Torres drilling a 15-yard strike against Valjent. The rebound falls to Busquets on the edge of the box and the midfielder places it into the bottom corner with a precise left-footed strike!,1

GOALLL! DEPAY! 1-0. Barcelona take the lead. Alba picks out the run of Depay with a curling pass over the top and the attacker takes a touch before drilling it on the bounce and into the bottom corner from 18 yards!,1

Berg is booked for dissent as play is halted so Diego Carlos can be attended to after the centre-back blocked a powerful shot from Chernov and stayed down.,2

GOAL!!! EN-NESYRI COMPLETES THE COMEBACK!!!! Unbelievable! 10-man Sevilla take the lead and it's En-Nesyri again, who looks to have been an inspired substitution! A free-kick from the left comes in and De Jong diverts it onto the post, but it comes back out to En-Nesyri in the box and the winger thumps a fierce effort in despite a touch from Safonov, who was beaten by the sheer power of the strike! It's 3-2 to Sevilla now!,1

GOAL!!! SEVILLA ARE LEVEL!!! Substitute En-Nesyri presses high as Krasnodar pass awkwardly around the back and pinches the ball on the edge of the box on the left before surging forward and slotting past Safonov! It's 2-2 now!,1

Another substitution - this time for Krasnodar. Spertsyan leaves the field, with Claesson coming on in his stead.,0

Lopetegui makes a second double-substitution as he chases the game. Jordan is replaced by En-Nesyri in the first change.,0

Spertsyan is overzealous in his pressing as he closes Rodriguez down on the left wing and his hefty challenge earns him a yellow card.,2

SENT OFF! Olsson gets in behind and is clean through on goal when Navas sprints back and catches him on the back of the ankle, halting his progress - and removing his boot in the process. The referee shows the Sevilla skipper a straight red for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity! The hosts are down to 10 men! Lopetegui has his head in his hands.,3

GOAL!! RAKITIC PULLS ONE BACK FOR SEVILLA!! The hosts pass and pass and eventually Jordan is released on the right wing. He crosses into the area where Rakitic gets free and rises highest to meet it at the near post, glancing into the far corner and beyond Safonov! It's 2-1 now!,1

There's a substitution for Krasnodar as well as Sabua is replaced by Spertsyan on the wing. Perhaps that's down to an injury.,0

Lopetegui isn't going to wait until half-time. He's not happy with his team's performance so far and is making a double-change now. Kounde - who conceded the penalty - goes off for Rodriguez in the first alteration.,0

GOAL!! BERG CONVERTS THE PENALTY!! The striker stutters slightly in his run-up before striking an emphatic, low strike that evades Vaclik to find the bottom-left corner despite the goalkeeper guessing the right way. It's now 2-0 to Krasnodar!,1

GOAL!! SULEYMANOV PUTS KRASNODAR IN FRONT!! It's a beautiful strike from the winger! He steps up to the free-kick right on the edge of the right side of the box and hits a sweet, dipping effort into the top-right corner! Vaclik wasn't getting anywhere near that! It's 1-0 to Krasnodar!,1

Berg finds himself racing clear behind the Sevilla defence and Kounde lunges in to scythe him down just before he enters the box. It's a rash challenge, and the defender may count himself fortunate to only be shown a yellow.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! GAKPO MAKES THE POINTS SAFE FOR LIVERPOOL! The visitors have four, and yet again, it's poor defending from Collins. He fails to deal with a long ball down the right channel, then there's another error as Ghoddos allows Diaz's pass to slip under his boot and reach Gakpo. He makes no mistake when bearing down on Flekken, opening up his body to finish on his left foot – 4-1!,1

Frank responds by using his final change. Ghoddos is back from the Asian Cup, and he replaces Reguilon.,0

Gomez, meanwhile, is on for Bradley. Klopp wraps his young full-back in cotton wool after seeing Alexander-Arnold ruled out of next week's cup final.,0

Here come those Liverpool changes. Elliott is on for one of the goalscorers, the impressive Mac Allister.,0

GOOOAAAALL! TONEY GETS ONE BACK! That's more like it from Brentford! Wissa darts onto a ball down the right-hand channel and finds Reguilon with his cutback, despite being caught late by Konate. The left wing-back sees his shot brilliantly saved by Kelleher, but Toney is on hand to side-foot the rebound home. It's 3-1 – they couldn't, could they?,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! SALAH ADDS A THIRD! That is surely game over as Liverpool punish some abysmal Brentford defending! Kelleher sends a straightforward kick up into the Brentford half, where Gakpo outjumps Ajer to glance it on. Both Collins and Mee hesitate and end up leaving the loose ball to Salah, who bustles into the area, holds off his marker and finishes across Flekken. 3-0 to the leaders – they are going five points clear!,1

Wissa, meanwhile, is on for Maupay. He might feel hard done by, having been a menace to Liverpool's defence from the off.,0

We're going to see the returns of Brentford's two African stars. Onyeka is on for Norgaard in midfield.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLL! MAC ALLISTER MAKES IT 2-0! Liverpool have the second goal they have been threatening since the restart! Salah is at the heart of it, taking in Gravenberch's pass before finding Mac Allister's run with a terrific ball into the box. The Argentine's first touch takes the ball between the legs of Collins, then he slides his finish past the helpless Flekken. Great goal!,1

Klopp has made a third change at the break, introducing Gakpo for goalscorer Nunez. Reds fans will be hoping that is not another fitness concern – with two of his three substitution windows used up, it could just be smart management from Klopp.,0

There's the first booking of the game, and it goes to Reguilon. The Tottenham loanee dives into a poor challenge on Bradley, catching the youngster on the top of his boot, and deservedly sees yellow.,2

Jota is carried off on a stretcher as Salah enters the fray. We will likely have a lengthy amount of first-half stoppage time now.,0

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! NUNEZ WITH A LOVELY FINISH! What a counterattack from Liverpool! Brentford load the box from a deep free-kick, with Van Dijk hammering a clearance away as the Bees look to make something of a flick-on. There's just one Brentford defender back as Jota wins a clever header to release Nunez one-on-one, and the Uruguayan nonchalantly scoops the ball over Flekken! 1-0!,1

Gravenberch enters the action for Liverpool as Jones makes his way around the pitch and towards the tunnel. With the EFL Cup final on the horizon and Alexander-Arnold and Szoboszlai out, that is a real worry for Klopp.,0

GOOOOAAAL! Hudson-Odoi gets in on the act to make it 5-0! The teenager raced in behind to meet a throughball, and no one could catch him before finishing beyond Boyko. 8-0 on aggregate to Chelsea then...,1

Former Shakhtar Donetsk man Willian has enjoyed himself back in Ukraine tonight. Pedro will play out the last 20 minutes or so in his place.,0

Azpilicueta pulls Sidcley's shirt after the Brazilian knocks the ball over his head, earning the substitute a swift yellow card. ,2

Azpilicueta takes over from the injured Zappacosta, and takes the armband from Willian while he's at it.,0

And N'Golo Kante gets a well-earned rest. Jorginho will slot into his usual metronomic role at the base of Chelsea's midfield.,0

Mykolenko goes into the book for a foul on Hudson-Odoi. Alonso will stand over the resulting free-kick.,2

GOOOOOAAAAL! It's a hat-trick for Giroud! The big Frenchman is on hand from Willian's whipped free-kick to notch his ninth Europa League goal in as many games. 4-0 to Chelsea and another big blow for Kiev after their spirited start to this half. We could be heading to double figures on aggregate...,1

GOOOOAAAAL! Alonso adds to his earlier assist with a strike of his own, following Hudson-Odoi's surge down the right. The defender arrives late in the middle having started at the back post. Comprehensive from Chelsea, they lead 3-0 on the night.,1

GOOOOAAAALL! Giroud grabs his eighth Europa League goal of the season, arriving on the end of Alonso's cross. Even the most optimistic Kiev fans will know there's no hope now. 2-0 to Chelsea. ,1

GOOOOAAALL! Giroud taps it home following a corner and that's almost certainly tie over already. It's 1-0 on the night and 4-0 on aggregate to Chelsea!,1

PRAT!!! 3-2! IT'S NOT OVER YET! An absolutely emphatic penalty by the in-form Prat, who steps up and thumps the ball straight down the middle of the goal as Pena dives to his left. Can they get another goal?!,1

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES!!! 3-1 BARCA! GAME OVER! As cool as you like from Barca's number nine. He steps up, gives the goalkeeper the eyes, and calmly sends him the wrong way while rolling the ball into the bottom-right corner.,1

Gonpi makes a tactical foul in a bid to thwart a potential Barca attack. He is booked for his troubles.,2

Martinez, having not long entered the action, has picked up a knock and cannot continue. He is replaced by Roberto.,0

Barca also make a couple of changes. Gundogan, whose last-gasp penalty beat Las Palmas last time out, replaces Romeu in the first.,0

De Mesa, whose goal halved the deficit, is given a breather by the hosts with Prat going on in his place.,0

DE MESA!!! 2-1! BARBASTRO PULL ONE BACK! There is hope for the hosts! A corner is helped towards goal by Sauco, before De Mesa applies the finishing touch from inside the six-yard box.,1

RAPHINHA!!! 2-0 BARCA! The winger drifts away from his marker to meet Fort's deep cross to the far post, before burying a volley past Fabrega from close range.,1

Carbonell, who has already caught Raphinha on a couple of occasions, drags him back this time. He can have no complaints at going into the book.,2

FERMIN!!! 1-0 BARCA! The stadium is stunned into silence as the LaLiga giants hit the front. Romeu produces a wonderful diagonal ball to release Raphinha in acres of space down the right wing. The latter crosses into the area, where an unmarked Fermin arrives to steer home from 10 yards out.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! BOURNEMOUTH 1-2 ARSENAL!!! SURRIDGE MAKES IT GAME ON!! From absolutely nowhere, Bournemouth pull one back to set up a nervy finish for Arsenal. Francis' cross is pretty poor but it somehow makes it all the way to Surridge, who controls the ball with his first touch and then rolls it into the net with his second.,1

Mustafi is taken off the field on a stretcher, which is never a good sight. Holding, who has himself had injury issues this season, comes on in his place.,0

Willock and Nketiah link up as Arsenal hit Bournemouth on the counter. Harry Wilson slides in on Nketiah and gets the man before the ball to earn himself a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! BOURNEMOUTH 0-2 ARSENAL!!! FAR TOO EASY FOR ARSENAL!! Nketiah doubles Arsenal's advantage to all but kill off this tie after 26 minutes. Saka flies down the left and plays a low ball to the edge of the six-yard box. Martinelli misses it but Nketiah is there to convert.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! BOURNEMOUTH 0-1 ARSENAL!!! SAKA THUMPS IT IN!! Arsenal open the scoring inside four minutes thanks to a thunderous drive from Saka. Willock carries the ball forward and slots in Martinelli, who opens up his body as though he is going to shoot but instead spots Saka on the overlap. The stand-in full-back rifles it past Travers at his near post.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLL!!! LANZINI! AMAZING! INCREDIBLE! WEST HAM MAKE IT 3-3! West Ham have a free-kick on the left, but Tottenham look to have cleared. The ball breaks to Lanzini, who unleashes a remarkable strike that clips the crossbar and the post and finds the top-right corner. West Ham have come from three down to pinch a point!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! BALBUENA! West Ham have their response! It's 3-1. Balbuena is up highest to Cresswell's left-wing free-kick and directs a fine header into the bottom-right corner.,1

Kane looks to be going nowhere as he advances down the left but is still smart enough to prompt a foul from Soucek, who gets booked.,2

We are going to see Tottenham's all-star attack. Bale replaces Bergwijn to join Kane and Son in attack.,0

Ogbonna gets a booking for a rash challenge on Bergwijn, taking down the Tottenham man down from behind.,2

Even when Tottenham get it wrong, West Ham cannot capitalise. Son races to reach Reguilon's loose pass and rides a late lunge from Antonio, who goes into the book.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! KANE! 3-0 Spurs! This is another scintillating Tottenham start! Reguilon crosses and Kane is there in the centre to direct a simple header back across Fabianski. Spurs are in red hot form!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! KANE! 2-0 Spurs! What a goal! Kane scores a stunner! Moments after setting up another attack as Bergwijn's cross is just nodded clear, Kane picks up possession outside the box, nutmegs Rice and thumps a low finish past a rooted Fabianski. Tottenham's number 10 is on top form.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! SON! Incredible! 1-0 Spurs! What a start! West Ham go on the attack but are swiftly found out at the other end. Kane's stunning pass in behind finds Son, who cuts inside and picks out the bottom-right corner. Sensational.,1

VLAHOVIC SEALS IT! In the eighth minute of what was supposed to be five added minutes, Juventus make it 2-0! Atalanta's latest attack fizzles out and Juventus break quickly on the counter with Chiesa leading the charge. He lays it off to Vlahovic on the edge of the box before moving into space, but he isn't needed as the Serbian curls it into the top corner.,1

Vlahovic is threatening to break on the counter when Maehle clumsily brings him down. He gets a booking that means he'll miss the next match.,2

Juventus are making another double change now. Di Maria is first to go off, with Chiesa replacing him.,0

The ball is getting away from Rabiot so he slides in to get it to safety. He brings down Boga in the process though, and is shown the first booking of the game.,2

ILING SCORES! On his first start, he gives Juventus the lead! He wins it back and drags Toloi inside before laying it off to Rabiot at the byline. He squares it into the middle for Milik, who can only direct it backwards where Iling is waiting and he rifles it over Sportiello and in off the bottom of the bar. 1-0 Juve!,1

Atalanta are making the first change of the game here and it's an attacking one as Boga comes on in place of Ederson.,0

In the midst of the Odegaard chance and Nelson miss, Jesus is shown a yellow card for an off-the-ball incident, which seems to be dissent towards referee Oliver following a needless foul. The Arsenal striker is letting his feelings get the better of him, having also wasted two good chances earlier in this half.,2

Limited to appearances from the bench after his return from injury, Smith Rowe comes on for a late cameo by replacing Trossard. Can the Arsenal academy product prove the hero?,0

Nelson lunges in with a late sliding challenge on Soucek, pulling out at the last minute but still catching the West Ham man. The Arsenal substitute goes into the book for that tackle.,2

Zinchenko also trudges off for Nelson as Arteta gets another winger on the pitch. Rice will likely drop deeper as White, Gabriel and Saliba make up a three-man defence for the hosts.,0

Arteta has seen enough. The Spaniard makes a double change, sending on striker Nketiah for Martinelli, who has offered little down the left-hand side.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! MAVROPANOS AGAINST HIS FORMER SIDE! West Ham are in dreamland after striking once again against the run of play as Moyes’ men go 2-0 up in north London. Ward-Prowse takes an age over a left-sided corner before whipping towards the near post, where former Gunner Mavropanos leaps brilliantly to flick a header in off both the crossbar and right-hand post. Raya cannot be saved by the woodwork and the Hammers wheel away in celebration, although their centre-back refuses to in front of his old employers.,1

Paqueta wants to continue but is completely unable to due to a muscular injury, which was an issue in the warm-up before this game, too. The Brazilian attempts to come back onto the pitch, perhaps to waste some time as Moyes prepares a substitute, before he is forced off for Benrahma to replace him.,0

GOOOOOOALLLLLLL! WEST HAM OPEN THE SCORING AGAINST THE RUN OF PLAY! The Hammers silence Emirates Stadium by snatching an early 1-0 advantage. Paqueta’s lovely pass finds Emerson, whose left-wing delivery cannons off two Arsenal defenders and falls kindly into the path of Bowen. The former Hull City winger just about manages to keep the ball in play, pulling back from the byline for Soucek to slam into an empty net with Raya out of position. The VAR checks whether the ball stayed in play for what feels like an eternity before confirming the goal stands!,1

GOAL! Edouard scores his second of the game and makes it 3-0! What a debut by the striker! Olise takes on Davies down the right, before flicking it inside to Gallagher, who lays it off to Edouard in the box and he fires it into the back of the net. Lloris gets a touch on it, but he can't stop it from flying in.,1

Gallagher is booked after a high challenge on Davies on the halfway line, catching the Tottenham defender late.,2

Third and final Palace substitution now, with Ayew coming off and he has been replaced by Olise, who is also making his debut.,0

GOAL! Dream debut for Edouard as he makes it 2-0 within seconds of coming on! Zaha sprints down the left wing and gets into the box, before pulling it back to Edouard, who takes a touch and then fires the ball towards the bottom right corner. Lloris can't quite reach it and it flies into the back of the net.,1

Silly booking to pick up for Moura, after he throws the ball into the ground in frustration at not being given a free-kick.,2

GOAL! Palace finally have the breakthrough, Zaha makes it 1-0 from the penalty spot! Davies gave away the penalty and Zaha stepped up to take it, coolly sending Lloris the wrong way and firing the ball into the back of the net.,1

Palace make their first substitution now, with Kouyate the man coming off and he has been replaced by Milivojevic.,0

Tottenham have made a change in the aftermath of the sending off, with Winks heading off and he has been replaced by Davies.,0

RED CARD! Tanganga is shown a second yellow card and is given his marching orders! The defender has been on edge since the Zaha challenge and he dives into a tackle with Ayew, getting nowhere near the ball and catching the striker late. The referee immediately makes his decision and Tanganga is off, so Tottenham are down to 10 men.,3

Zaha is also shown a yellow card, as his arms didn't strike the face of Tanganga, so he is just told to cool things.,2

Tanganga is given a warning by the referee and shown a yellow card for his part in the Zaha coming together. Both players just need to calm down.,2

Gavi heads off the field as Barca try to run the clock down, as Angel Alarcon enters the fray for the last few minutes.,0

Gavi twists and turns away from Zarraga, but is pulled to the deck by his shirt and the Bilbao substitute is shown the yellow card!,2

Berenguer has been Athletic's best in the middle of the park, but he comes off now for Gorka Guruzeta to provide attacking reinforcements.,0

With one winger off for a full-back, Barca bring off a full-back for a winger, as Ansu Fati replaces the booked Roberto.,0

Kounde is caught out on the edge of his own box and Muniain picks his pocket, but the Bilbao substitute is dragged back by Roberto, who is immediately shown a yellow card for the foul!,2

Balenziaga comes off in Bilbao's latest change, and Yuri Berchiche, who wasn't deemed fit enough to start from the off, slots in at left-back.,0

Torres comes off in Barca's first change of the game, and Franck Kessie's introduction in midfield will likely see Gavi push forward into the left-wing role.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! Barca open the scoring right on half-time!! Raphinha's attempted cross into the area is headed clear, but Busquets recovers it, and he finds the Brazilian in open space to lash the ball into the far corner of the net!!! There's a big question of offside with the goal not given initially, but VAR finds that the linesman flagged for the offside Torres instead. Raphinha is behind the last defender, and there's nothing wrong with the finish either, meaning it's 1-0 to Barcelona!,1

Inaki Williams chases another long pass which is cut out by Kounde; however the striker drags him to the floor and is shown the game's first yellow card!,2

Osasuna were waiting to make the double change before Madrid's second goal, and they're getting their chance now. Barja is coming on to replace Torres.,0

CASEMIRO SCORES! It's all in the build-up from Benzema, who is allowed to carry the ball from the halfway line to the edge of the box without being closed down. He touches it through to Casemiro and it looks to be a bad touch from the Brazilian, but it wrongfoots Herrera and bounces into the bottom left corner. 2-0 Madrid! ,1

MADRID LEAD! It's another good corner into the box for Madrid and Militao gets to it at the far post again. This time, he manages to hold off David Garcia and thump his header past Herrera and into the back of the net. 1-0 Madrid! ,1

The fourth official called the referee over to the bench after Oier's protests against the Hazard free-kick caught his attention and he's booked for dissent.,2

Martinez steps across the back of Hazard to stop his run and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

MESSI!!! 3-0 BARCELONA! He's got his goal! The number 10 makes no mistake this time. Taking the ball into his stride after a neat flick from Pedri, he calmly sweeps it past Masip and into the far corner.,1

BRAITHWAITE!!! 2-0! Barca double their lead! That Dest-Braithwaite combination works for the visitors on this occasion. Once again, the full-back gets away before sending in a cross in from the right, and the striker makes no mistake on this occasion as he applies the finishing touch.,1

LENGLET!!! 1-0 BARCELONA! Moments after Masip did brilliantly to keep out Messi, he is helpless to deny Lenglet. The defender ghosts into the six-yard box to firmly head home Messi's cross for the opening goal of the game.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! MCBURNIE SCORES FROM THE SPOT TO LEVEL!!! While McAtee was stood with the ball in his hands, it was simply a tactic to take the pressure off McBurnie. The striker is the man instead trusted to take the penalty, and he repays that faith by rifling into the bottom-left corner to make it 2-2!!!,1

Areola is forced off, with Fabianski on to try and save the penalty and secure the three points for his side! Can he save his team-mate after his crucial error?,0

WEST HAM ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN!!! Just moments after picking up his first booking, Coufal is now given his marching orders too with both sides now down to 10! His second is for a challenge on McAtee.,3

While he doesn't come away with a goal, Ings has put in a real shift here and had a hand in both West Ham goals. He makes way for Mubama as the seconds continue to tick away.,0

BREWSTER IS SENT OFF!!! The VAR takes a look, and after sending the referee to the pitchside monitor, Brewster receives his marching orders. It was a very late and needless challenge, and the substitute is sent for an early bath.,3

Wilder brings on Norwood for Vinicius as he tries to desperately find a way back into the game for his team.,0

In response to his team falling behind for a second time, Wilder brings on Norrington-Davies for Trusty.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! WARD-PROWSE MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT!!! The midfielder is so reliable in dead-ball situations, and he fires his penalty straight down the middle and into the back of the net with Foderingham guessing wrong. 2-1 to the Hammers!,1

Moyes' first substitution sees Johnson come on for Cornet. Both goalscorers have now made way for their respective teams.,0

Brereton, having equalised near the end of the first half, makes way for Archer as Wilder looks to freshen up his attack.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! BRERETON SCORES ON HIS PREMIER LEAGUE DEBUT!!! What a huge moment this could be for Sheffield United as their new forward finds the back of the net to level. Trusty nods a long ball into the box, and though Osula's initial header is saved brilliantly by Areola, the ball falls kindly for Brereton to rifle home and make it 1-1!,1

The first booking of the game goes to Hamer for a cynical pullback on Fornals, who was on the charge.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! CORNET FIRES WEST HAM IN FRONT!!! It's been a hugely frustrating campaign for Cornet, and this will mean the world to him as he repays Moyes' faith with a goal on his first league start of the season. The ball sits up for Ings in the box, and while his initial shot is blocked, it deflects kindly to the back post for Cornet, who makes no mistake as he fires into the back of the net. 1-0 to the Hammers!,1

GOAL! Wolves have equalised! Yet another cross is fired into the Everton box, and this time it works. A brilliant cross from Neves curls into the penalty area and picks out Jimenez, who beats Keane in the air before nodding a downward header straight past Pickford.,1

GOAL! What a finish by Richarlison! Everton have been on top for the last 10 minutes and have deservedly retaken the lead. Tosun holds up the ball well before teeing up Richarlison, who sprints into the box and finds the far corner with a sublime strike.,1

GOAL! What a strike by Neves! The Portuguese eventually steps up and shoots from the resulting free-kick 20 yards away from goal, and he sends it flying off Pickford's palm and into the top right-hand corner of the net.,1

RED CARD! Everton are down to 10 men! A terrible first touch from Jagielka sends the ball over to Jota, who is immediately clattered into by a poor challenge from the defender. It leaves him writhing on the ground as the referee decides to show a straight red card. Huge decision!,3

GOAL! Everton have taken the lead! It's Baines who steps up and sends a cross over to Richarlison, who manages to poke in from close range after initially failing to get his head onto the ball. What a start to his Everton debut!,1

Richarlison is clearly frustrated after being dispossessed, and he earns himself an early yellow card for a late sliding challenge on Moutinho.,2

From the touchline, Jackson speeds over to the Chelsea fans to celebrate Fernandez's late strike. The Blues striker is cautioned, despite being brought off earlier in the half!,2

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! CHELSEA SEAL IT! The away supporters erupt as the Blues strike twice in quick succession to make it 3-1 against Palace. The Eagles are in desperate search of a leveller, leaving themselves exposed at the back. Caicedo clears the initial free-kick, with Palmer bursting free before slotting a delicate pass through for Fernandez. The Argentina midfielder sits Munoz down, cutting inside before lifting a right-footed finish into the top-left corner!,1

Disasi is cautioned for his overzealous celebrations after Gallagher's late goal, which will surely prove to be the winner for the visitors.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! CHELSEA SURELY WIN IT AT THE DEATH! Of all the people, former Palace loanee Gallagher doubles his account and sends the Blues 2-1 up with just a matter of minutes remaining. It is a crushing blow at Selhurst Park as Sterling rolls down the right for Palmer, who cuts back towards the edge of the area. Gallagher arrives late, whipping a first-time right-footed effort into the bottom-left corner. Henderson has no chance at seeing through numerous bodies and the Eagles are dealt a sucker-punch.,1

Franca did well on his first Premier League start but comes off for Edouard, who will add further height to Palace's attack.,0

Gusto, who assisted Gallagher's leveller, makes way for Gilchrist. The Chelsea right-back seems far from impressed with that decision.,0

Munoz hacks down the marauding Chilwell, conceding a free-kick in a dangerous position and also a yellow card for his cynical foul.,2

Pochettino makes his second change, bringing Sterling on for the ineffective Jackson, who failed to have a shot on target in this game.,0

Having dived to block Mateta's close-range effort, Silva gets back to his feet after some medical treatment and appears unable to continue. The Chelsea centre-back limps off for Colwill.,0

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! CHELSEA EQUALISE IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE BREAK! It is so much better from the Blues, who level to make it 1-1 at Selhurst Park. Caicedo slides into Gusto, who evades France before pulling a right-wing cross towards the near post. Jackson leaves it for Gallagher and the Chelsea midfielder deals with the bouncing ball well to caress a right-footed finish past Henderson. The Eagles are thwarted by their former loanee and it is all to play for now!,1

Pochettino wastes no time at the break, sending Nkunku on as a half-time substitute for Madueke, who offered little despite seeing a lot of the ball down the right-hand side in the opening period.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! 1-0 PALACE! Chelsea can only blame themselves as the Blues concede first at Selhurst Park. Caicedo and Madueke make a woeful attempt to round Mitchell, who tackles outside the visitors’ area and regains possession. Lerma pounces on the loose ball, cutting inside from the left before rifling a right-footed arrowing attempt into the top-right corner. Petrovic has no chance as the Palace midfielder is afforded far too much time from distance.,1

Conte brings on Esposito for Lukaku, who has had a pretty quiet game by his standards. The sub will also help to run down more valuable seconds.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! INTER 2-1 FIORENTINA!! WHAT A STRIKE!! Milenkovic heads a right-sided cross to the edge of the 'D' and Barella thumps a first-time shot into the bottom-left corner. That is an incredible finish to restore Inter's advantage.,1

Dalbert is cautioned for that foul on Sanchez. It looks as though a member of the Fiorentina coaching staff was also booked.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! INTER 1-1 FIORENTINA!!! CACERES EQUALISES!! Completely against the run of play, Lirola sends a deflected shot inches over the bar. Fiorentina make the corner count as Caceres outjumps Martinez to head home.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! INTER 1-0 FIORENTINA!! CANDREVA GIVES INTER THE LEAD!! A series of one-touch passes culminates in the ball trickling through the Fiorentina defence. Ceccherini slides in but cannot cut it out and Martinez gets a vital touch to knock it past Terracciano. Candreva takes over by firing into an unguarded net.,1

There's a late flashpoint as a frustrated Bellingham catches Correa and goes into the book. The Atletico players want a card of another colour, but a caution looks to be the right punishment.,2

Meanwhile, Javi Galan is on for Lino in a straight swap at left wing-back. Lino was excellent in the first half and played a crucial role in two of Atletico's goals, assisting their first.,0

Morata gets a standing ovation as he makes way for Depay. The former Madrid striker looks like being the Atletico matchwinner here...,0

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! MORATA MAKES IT 3-1! What a start to the second half! Griezmann feeds the ball wide for Saul on the left, and his brilliant deep cross finds Morata, who is completely unmarked six yards out. Kepa has absolutely no chance as he powers a header into the top-right corner!,1

Madrid struggled to make much headway without a focal point in attack prior to the break, and Joselu is entering the fray now. Modric is the man withdrawn.,0

That's a nasty one! Gimenez chops Rodrygo down with an awful challenge on Madrid's left flank and sees yellow. The Atletico man is lucky his studs weren't showing, as that tackle was reckless!,2

Modric is booked for dissent as Madrid's players surround the referee to complain about that decision.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! KROOS WITH A STUNNING STRIKE! Wow, what a goal that is! Madrid halve the arrears as Kroos brings down a clearance on the edge of the box before cutting inside Llorente and firing the bouncing ball into the bottom-left corner. Oblak had no chance, and it's 2-1!,1

GOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! GRIEZMANN MAKES IT TWO! Atletico are in dreamland as their talisman doubles their lead! Lino is involved again, finding Saul with a neat reverse pass and allowing the midfielder to stand up a cross from the left. Griezmann is totally unmarked as he nods it past Kepa and into the bottom-right corner! What a start!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! MORATA PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD! The Civitas Metropolitano erupts as the hosts seize the lead! Lino is the architect, running at Vazquez before cutting inside to cross, and his inswinging delivery is expertly glanced into the bottom-right corner by Morata! It's 1-0 to Atleti, and Morata has bitten the hand that used to feed him!,1

Milan make another change to try and slow down the contest. Florenzi takes his time to walk off the pitch, with Terracciano coming on.,0

Musah has had a quiet performance for Milan and has struggled to make an impact in the attack. He also conceded four fouls in his time on the pitch and is coming off for Thiaw. The centre-back will strengthen the defence.,0

Maignan takes too long with a goal-kick and is shown a yellow card. Milan are feeling the pressure and want to avoid conceding again. They lead 5-3 on aggregate.,2

Terrier looked hurt after colliding with Gabbia inside the box and needs to come off. He is replaced by Salah.,0

GOALLL! HAT-TRICK BOURIGEAUD! 3-2 RENNES! The Ligue 1 outfit take the lead for the third time. Bourigeaud takes his second penalty and goes the same way. The Frenchman fires his effort down the right side of the goal, with Maignan diving the other way.,1

Milan also make a switch on the wing. Pulisic hasn't been able to impact the contest to his usual standard and is replaced by the electric Chukwueze.,0

Leao is also off soon after scoring Milan's second goal, helping his side to a 4-2 lead on aggregate. Okafor takes his place.,0

Milan make their first substitution. Loftus-Cheek was a star in the first leg and is on to replace Bennacer.,0

GOALLL! LEAO SCORES! 2-2! Milan equalises for the second time! Leao collects the ball on halfway and drives forward with possession, pushing away a tackle from Seidu before driving into the box. Omari slides across inside the box and gets a touch on the ball, but Leao keeps going. His first shot is saved before he scored the rebound from close range.,1

Rennes make their first change to try and keep their momentum. Santamaría got the assist for their first goal and is replaced by Matusiwa.,0

GOALLLL! BOURIGEAUD SCORES! 2-1 RENNES! Bourigeaud takes responsibility from the spot and fires his strike into the bottom-right corner. Maignan goes the right way, but he is beaten by the speed of the strike. Milan lead 4-2 on aggregate.,1

GOALLL! JOVIC SCORES! 1-1! Milan are level and lead 4-1 on aggregate. The Serie A outfit work possession from right to left, with the ball coming to Hernandez just outside the box. He fires a first-time cross towards the back post, with Jovic darting into the open space and crashing his effort in from close range.,1

GOALLLL! 1-0 RENNES! The hosts take an early lead against Milan in the second leg! Santamaría collects the ball outside the box and plays a pass over to Bourigeaud on his right. The midfielder is not put under any pressure and he drills a low, right-footed effort across the goal and into the bottom-left corner. Milan still lead 3-1 on aggregate.,1

GOAL!! WILLOCK SURELY SEALS THE WIN FOR ARSENAL!! Lacazette takes the free-kick and his first effort is blocked by the wall, but it ricochets back to him. The striker then thumps a half-volley at goal that McCarthy spills, and Willock is on hand to tuck the ball into the bottom corner! It's 2-0 to Arsenal now!,1

Hojbjerg plays a terrible back-pass from the left and it runs for Aubameyang to latch onto. Bednarek - the last man - slides in and takes the striker out, and he's sent off for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity!,3

Walker-Peters is given a rough introduction to the game as he takes a heavy touch, but nicks the ball away as Saka comes flying in and catches the full-back, earning himself a yellow card.,2

Hasenhuttl makes a double substitution at half-time as he looks to freshen things up. Obafemi comes off for Long up front in the first change.,0

GOAL!!! ARSENAL ARE GIFTED THE LEAD!! Nketiah follows in as the ball is passed back to McCarthy and the Saints goalkeeper inexplicably passes the ball at the Gunners striker! It ricochets back towards goal and the young forward gets there first and rolls into an empty net! It's 1-0 to Arsenal!,1

Kovacic dribbles away from Brownhill and McNeil, but Westwood steps across him to stop the run, which earns him a booking.,2

It's a clumsy challenge from Barnes as he crashes into the back of Jorginho, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Both sides are making a change now, starting with Burnley. It's Weghorst that's going off, with Barnes on in his place.,0

There's a double change for Chelsea following that goal. James is first to make way, with Kovacic on for him.,0

PULISIC SCORES! Jorginho pokes the ball out to Saul on the left and he plays a low cross into the middle. Tarkowski can only poke it back towards goal in his attempts to block it and Pulisic is left with a close-range tap-in. 4-0 Chelsea!,1

HAVERTZ SCORES AGAIN! Burnley just can't keep up with Chelsea's lightning-quick start to the second half. It's switched out to James, who fizzes a great ball across the face of goal. Pope is drawn to it and Havertz manages to bundle it over the line under pressure. 3-0 Chelsea!,1

HAVERTZ SCORES! It's switched out to James on the right and he knocks it onto Pulisic ahead of him. He drags it back to curl a good cross into the far post, where Havertz has peeled off the back of Collins and he nods it in at the near post. 2-0 Chelsea!,1

JAMES SCORES! The visitors have made a bright start to the second half, and they have their reward! Chalobah threads it through to James, who catches out McNeil with a clever bit of footwork. He eventually goes for goal himself, hitting his shot into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

Juve are going to make their fifth and final change as we await the fourth official's board. Southampton loanee Alcaraz makes his debut, coming on for McKennie.,0

We're about to see two more changes from either side. For Juve, Miretti replaces fellow youngster Cambiaso.,0

Thuram finally makes his way off, with Arnautovic replacing him for the final 13 minutes plus stoppage time.,0

Thuram tries to waste some valuable seconds by exiting the pitch the long way, and he's booked by the referee as Juventus voice their displeasure.,2

Inzaghi makes two changes, with both of them coming in the wing-back positions. On the left, Augusto replaces the ever-reliable Dimarco.,0

Allegri blinks first, making a double change. Yildiz simply hasn't been involved, so he's withdrawn in favour of Chiesa.,0

Now Danilo is booked for a tactical foul to prevent an Inter break. That caution will land him a one-match ban.,2

Vlahovic is booked for a clear pull of Acerbi's shirt. He was lucky to escape a caution early on, but he's walking a tightrope now!,2

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-2 WOLVES! Coady snatches a point for Wolves at the death! The Wolves captain ventures forward as an emergency striker to get on the end of Chiquinho's cross and nod it into the net from close range! Chelsea look crestfallen.,1

Lukaku's time on the pitch for Chelsea is up. He can be pleased with his two-goal outing. Havertz replaces him for the last few minutes.,0

Chelsea substitution. Azpilicueta, who's been flagging for a while, goes off. Sarr says his prayers before coming on.,0

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-1 WOLVES! Trincao makes an instant impact from the bench, cutting inside on his left foot to lash past Mendy from the edge of the D! Chiquinho had sent his fellow substitute scampering off on the counter. Wolves could still nick a point here after all.,1

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-0 WOLVES! Chelsea double their lead as Lukaku doubles his tally! Wolves faff around at the back and Pulisic nips in to win possession. The American slides in Lukaku who beats Sa with a powerful finish.,1

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-0 WOLVES! Chelsea double their lead as Lukaku doubles his tally! Wolves faff around at the back and Pulisic nips in to win possession. The American slides in Lukaku who beats Sa with a powerful finish.,1

Azpilicueta's shown the yellow card for his challenge on Neto. Wolves gratefully accept the free-kick.,2

JAMES!!! 4-1! The substitute gets in on the act following a terrific move by United. Great link-up play between Cavani and Van de Beek sends Greenwood on his way. The England international shows great awareness to square the ball for the Welshman, who calmly slots home.,1

Turuc takes his protest too far after a throw-in is awarded against the visitors and goes into the book.,2

United have looked nervy in the past couple of minutes and Solskjaer sends on Nemanja Matic, with Martial making way.,0

TURUC! 3-1! A lifeline for the visitors. Turuc whips a fierce free-kick over the wall and the ball had already crossed the line before De Gea clawed it away.,1

RASHFORD!!! 3-0 UNITED! The hosts are cruising to a comfortable three points as Rashford calmly sends the goalkeeper the wrong way.,1

2-0 UNITED!!! IT'S FERNANDES AGAIN! A terrible mistake by Gunok, who spills Telles' cross under pressure from Cavani. Fernandes is in the right place at the right time to pounce on the loose ball and slot home.,1

FERNANDES!!! WHAT A STRIKE! 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! The hosts make their early pressure tell in emphatic fashion. Telles' corner is headed straight into the path of the playmaker, who rifles a thunderous first-time strike into the roof of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BARNES SCORES AS LIVERPOOL IMPLODE!!!!! 3-1!!!! The Foxes are in dreamland as Barnes fires home. Ndidi launches a simple ball over the top that finds the winger in acres of space down the left flank. On this occasion, he opens up his body and drills his effort past Alisson to all but secure the three points for the home side. Where was the Liverpool defence?,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! A HOWLER FROM ALISSON ALLOWS VARDY TO SCORE!!! 2-1!!!! What a turnaround for the Foxes. Leicester take the lead as Tielemans launches a ball over the top that troubles Kabak and Alisson. The keeper rushes off his line and collides with the debutant. Vardy is presented with the ball and an open goal, which he needs no second invitation to bury into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MADDISON LEVELS AFTER A VAR REVIEW!!!! 1-1!!!!! Drama at the King Power Stadium as Maddison curls a strike in directly from a free-kick on the edge of the box. The goal is initially disallowed for offside against Amartey, who looks to have interfered with play ahead of Alisson. However, VAR looks at the incident and deems that the defender was played onside by the boot of Firmino. The Foxes have their equaliser.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SALAH BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! Salah bends a fine strike into the top-left corner to put Liverpool in front. Alexander-Arnold bursts down the right after seeing a strike from distance blocked. He cuts a cross back to Firmino, who turns his way out of trouble and offloads to Salah with a sublime backheel. Salah finishes the move with a precise left-footed strike away from Schmeichel into the net.,1

Evans brings down Mane on the charge and goes into the book. Liverpool are awarded a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOAAAL! 4-1 VALENCIA! Torres seals the job with a powerful shot just lifted above Maignan and into the roof of the net at the near post! ,1

GOAAAAL! WHAT A STUNNER! Valencia settle the game and go 3-1 up! Kondogbia hasn't scored since February, but he scores his first of the season in beautiful style! It's one of those you just knew was going in. He picks it up far out from goal, darts forwards and absolutely wallops his shot from around 35 yards! It's swerving every which way and curls away from Maignan into the top-left corner!,1

Another yellow card shown, this time for Bradaric - he felt he should have been given a corner following a Wass tackle and the referee showed him a card for his complaints.,2

It's all Valencia at the moment, so Galtier opts for a more defensive substitution - he brings off Yazici for Sanches.,0

Wass is shown a yellow card for a strong aerial collision with Bradaric. The referee doesn't like that at all! Bradaric seems to have been knocked out briefly, but he's up again on the sidelines receiving attention from the physios.,2

GOAAAAL! VALENCIA ARE LEVEL! After a lengthy delay, Parejo makes no mistake from the spot and cheekily dinks his penalty over Maignan after the keeper decides which way to dive! Game on with just over 20 minutes to go! ,1

Fonte's been shown a yellow card for harrassing the officials and continuing to complain about the decision. He's completely baffled by the penalty! ,2

Albert Celades turns to his bench and takes off Lee - who's had a decent game - for Vallejo. It's one winger for another.,0

Garay is next to be shown a yellow card. Lille were awarded a free-kick following the clearance off-the-line with Garay at fault.,2

It gets worse for Valencia as Cheryshev is forced off through injury in the first half. Torres comes on to replace him.,0

GOAAAAAL! LILLE LEAD 1-0! Valencia have been extremely sloppy and Osimhen makes them pay! He speeds away from Garay and Gabriel and pokes a low shot beyond Cillessen. Excellent finishing! ,1

Lille's Gabriel is shown the first yellow card of the game. He just knocks Lee off balance, but it's the combination of various fouls he's made so far during the game that's resulted in the booking.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! The Bianconeri are back in the lead!!! McKennie plays a one-two with Weah before crossing into the box from the right-hand side. Vlahovic rises high in the middle and heads towards goal, sending the ball looping beyond the dive of Turati and into the top-left corner!! That's more like it from the previously out-of-sorts Serbian, who puts Juventus 2-1 up with full-time on the horizon!,1

Baez is the latest player to pull up with an injury as the game ticks towards full-time, and Frosinone's equalising goalscorer limps from the field, with Giorgi Kvernadze on to replace him.,0

Garritano is also replaced by Frosinone boss Eusebio Di Francesco, and Abdoulrahmane Harroui enters the fray out wide.,0

Dusan Vlahovic also enters the fray in attack, and he'll replace the young goalscorer Yildiz for the Old Lady.,0

Allegri makes further changes for the Bianconeri, with Kostic withdrawn and Samuel Iling-Junior on to take his place in the wide positions.,0

Locatelli has now pulled up injured and becomes the second Juve player to be withdrawn early, with youngster Hans Nicolussi Caviglia coming into the centre of midfield.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Frosinone equalise out of absolutely nowhere!!! Monterisi clips a peach of a ball through the lines and in behind the Juventus defence, with the substitute Baez racing forward to get on the end of it. Szczesny shoots off his line to close the gap, but can't get there in time and Baez slots a low finish beyond him and into the back of the net!! 1-1 just six minutes into the second half, and for the second game running, the Old Lady have given themselves a mountain to climb!,1

McKennie slides in recklessly on Soule, catching the Bianconeri loanee late and being shown a yellow card in response to the foul.,2

Lirola is the latest player to go down after twisting awkwardly in an effort to stop Milik cutting inside, and the Spaniard is forced off, with Jaime Baez on to replace him out wide.,0

Alex Sandro has gone down injured off the ball and doesn't look able to carry on, so he's swiftly replaced in Juve's back-three by Federico Gatti.,0

Soule cuts inside from the left and looks to size up a shot from the edge of the box, but he's dragged back from behind and to ground by Cambiaso. the Juventus wing-back is shown the game's first yellow card, and that's his fifth of the season, ruling him out of the Bianconeri's next game.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!!!!!! Juventus with the opener, and it's an absolute beauty!!! Turati is forced into a rushed clearance by Milik, and the skewed long pass is cut out by Kostic. He links up with Yildiz ahead of him, and the debutant skips inside three players with some brilliant skill before hammering a low shot into the bottom-left corner!! A special, special goal for the Old Lady's teenage prodigy, and it puts them 1-0 up just 12 minutes into this contest!,1

Kurzawa is booked for a late challenge on Del Castillo. He ended up treading right on the substitute's foot, but it was clumsy rather than malicious.,2

Change number four for Rennes. Del Castillo comes on for Doku, who has been a semi-regular threat but not able to find a way through.,0

Well, here's another thing that PSG absolutely do not need. Kean is off, and walking very stiffly. Danilo replaces him.,0

Dagba is booked for pushing over Doku as the Rennes winger got away from him down the left. He has been a pest tonight.,2

Another enforced change for PSG. Their medical room is going to be the busiest room in France at this rate. Kehrer went down off the ball after that shot from Doku, and he's replaced by Bakker.,0

GOAL! It's 2-0, Di Maria this time! Herrera puts him through on goal down the left channel, and he lobs a delightful effort over goalkeeper Gomis. Lovely finish from a player who has started this match very well.,1

PSG are forced into an early change. Rafinha comes on for Gueye, who walks gingerly straight down the tunnel. Looks like it happened off the ball.,0

GOAL! Out of nowhere, PSG take the lead, it's Kean! Di Maria intercepts a loose ball from Lea Siliki just outside the area. It drops to Kean who looks to hesitate for a second, but he picks out a perfect finish, rifling the ball across the goalkeeper and into the bottom-left corner from the edge of the area.,1

Both teams argue immediately after the goal. Oukidja, in particular, is furious and he's shown a yellow card.,2

HAKIMI! 2-1! PSG win it in the final seconds! Neymar feeds Hakimi inside the area with a crisp pass. Hakimi jinks past a defender before drilling a low finish past Oukidja from eight yards on his weaker left foot! ,1

Red card! Metz are reduced to 10 men. Bronn kicks the ball away to slow down the game and receives a second yellow and a red card. Metz manager, Frederic Antonetti, is then sent off for protesting the decision.  ,3

An attacking change for PSG. The defender, Mendes, is replaced by Draxler - who will presumably be playing higher up the pitch.,0

Bronn catches Mbappe with a late kick and is a little fortunate to only be shown a yellow card. He certainly caught Mbappe high on the calf there.   ,2

Metz make a triple substitution. The first change sees Niane depart with De Preville taking his place up top.  ,0

KOUYATE! 1-1! Metz equalise just before the break. The hosts force another corner, after slowly building up the pressure. Gueye puts in an outswinging cross and it's met by Kouyate inside the six-yard box, where he plants a powerful header across goal and into the far corner!   ,1

HAKIMI! 1-0 PSG! The visitors take an early lead. Neymar slips Icardi through on goal with a crisp reverse pass. Icardi proceeds to drink it over the onrushing Oukidja, only for Udol to race back and hack it off the line! However, his clearance runs kindly for Hakimi who drills it in despite a valiant block from Kouyate. The referee took a moment to check it went over the line and then awarded the goal!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! OSIMHEN GETS HIS GOAL!!!!! 4-2 NAPOLI!!!!! Osimhen gets on the scoresheet as he robs Blind and slots the ball into an empty net. The forward applies pressure on the Ajax defender at the back and capitalises on his mistake. Pasveer is out of position and can only watch as Osimhen rolls the ball home.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BERGWIJN GIVES AJAX HOPE!!!!! 3-2!!!!! The visitors are back in the game again as Bergwijn converts from the spot. He goes high with his strike, dispatching his right-footed attempt past Meret. Game on.,1

Kvaratskhelia continues to enhance his reputation with another fine display. The Georgia international is replaced by Elmas for the final 13 minutes.,0

Kvaratskhelia was too quick and skilful for Sanchez and now he draws a foul from Bassey. The Ajax defender goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KHARATSKHELIA CONVERTS!!!!! 3-1 NAPOLI!!!!!! The Italian outfit regain their two-goal cushion as Kvaratskhelia holds his composure from 12 yards. He hammers his effort high into the top-left corner away from Pasveer's despairing dive. A fine strike.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KLAASSEN GETS ONE BACK!!!!! 2-1!!!! Ajax are back in the game as Klaassen plants a header past Meret. Bassey finds space down the left flank and clips a cross into the middle. Klaassen rises unmarked and powers his header into the bottom-left corner through the hand of the Napoli keeper. Game on.,1

Sanchez hauls Kvaratskhelia to the ground after being turned inside and out by the winger. He goes into the book.,2

WHAT A HIT FROM RASPADORI!!!!! 2-0 NAPOLI!!!!!! Spalletti's men extend their lead through a stunner from Raspadori. Kvaratskhelia races down the left flank and feeds the forward on the edge of the box. Raspadori takes a touch before rifling a left-footed strike past Pasveer into the top-left corner. A super effort.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NAPOLI SCORE THROUGH A SUPER TEAM MOVE!!!!! The home side pick up from where they left off last week by cutting through Ajax and Lozano finishes with a sublime header. He gathers on the right flank and cuts inside before laying an offload to Zielinski. Lozano continues his run into the box and Zielinski releases him with a sumptuous ball over the top. Lozano takes it out of the air first-time, steering his header away from Pasveer into the top-left corner.,1

As if to prevent any further issues, Gundogan makes way for Tommy Doyle, on for his Champions League debut.,0

And, in perhaps the biggest swap of the night, Sergio Aguero is on, as he continues his return from injury, replacing Jesus.,0

Dias gets a yellow card to his name after, rather stupidly, running into the Olympiacos man trying to take a throw-in. There might be more to it than that - the contact didn't look too heavy - but the referee is unmoved by the City player's pleas.,2

Rafinha is very unhappy with that but he can have no complaints. Sterling perhaps should have been booked for the messy, ragged challenge in the first place so nor can he.,2

A tackle from Sterling on Cisse looks to have gone down like a lead balloon with Rafinha and the two are busy chelping at each other. The referee won't stand for it and duly books both players for it.,2

GOAL! PHIL FODEN FINDS THE BREAKTHROUGH FOR MANCHESTER CITY! 1-0! Finally the pressure tells and the visitors get themselves in front. It's a lovely piece of play, with Jesus feeding Sterling into the left edge of the box, whereupon the England man clips a backheel to his teammate who fires straight past Sa from close-range. City lead with less than 10 to the break.,1

Ricci receives a yellow card after a late challenge of the edge of the Torino box. Chiesa was driving forward with the ball before being taken out.,2

Bremer has a goal and an assist to his name and is now heading off the pitch. He hands the captain's armband to Bonucci who comes on in his place.,0

A straight swap in the Juventus attack. Vlahovic comes off for Kean. The Serbian came close to scoring, crashing the bar in the second half.,0

GOALLLL! JUVENTUS HAVE ANOTHER! 4-2 JUVENTUS! A wonderful free-kick from Kostic goes across the face of the goal. It deflects off Bremer on the way through before Rabiot turns it in from close range. After a lengthy VAR check for offside, the goal stands.,1

Torino's captain Rodriguez has been instrumental in the defence and the attack but is now being given a rest. Vojvoda now has the responsibility to make a difference with the away side behind.,0

Linetty has pulled the strings in Torino's midfield but is now being taken off. Ricci replaces him for the final 16 minutes.,0

GOALLLL! JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD FOR THE FIRST TIME! 3-2! Another goal from a corner for Juventus. It is played short to Chiesa, whose inswinging cross finds Bremer. Escaping his marker, the defender directs his free header past the goalkeeper.,1

Barrenechea's Serie A debut comes to an end. He is replaced by Pogba who makes his second debut for Juventus after signing in the summer.,0

A triple substitution from Juventus. The first sees De Sciglio replace Cuadrado on the right to add extra energy on the wing.,0

Torino are making their first change of the game. Karamoh, who scored the opening goal of the game, is replaced by Radonjic on the right.,0

GOALLLL WHAT A RESPONSE FROM JUVENTUS! 2-2! Torino’s lead lasted just a couple of minutes. Di Maria’s corner from the left found the head of Danilo who crashed a header off the inside of the post. It only just went over the line, with Milinkovic-Savic pushing it away after it had already done so.,1

GOALLLL! SANABRIA WITH A SMART FINISH! 2-1 TORINO! Torino take the lead for the second time! Ilic flashes the ball into the box with Sanabria getting ahead of Bremer to poke a shot past Szczesny who cannot react quickly enough.,1

GOALLLLL! CUADRADO SCORES! 1-1! What a strike from Cuadrado. Kostic has been a constant danger on the left. Dribbling past Singo inside the box, his cross from the left finds Cuadrado. Shooting from a narrow angle, his effort deflects off Rodriguez and past Milinkovic-Savic.,1

GOALLLL! KARAMOH SCORES! 1-0 TORINO! What a start from the away side. Buongiorno heads an inswinging corner towards the goal. It hits Karamoh, who is unmarked, with the winger taking one touch before driving the ball into the bottom corner.,1

JESUS AGAIN! 5-1. Jesus gets his fourth goal of the game as City sweep forward with a superb move that ends with De Bruyne cutting it back to Jesus who slots in calmly in from eight yards!,1

JESUS HATTRICK! 4-1. Jesus confidently steps up and sends Foster the wrong way before slotting it into the bottom left corner!,1

GOALL! KAMARA! 2-1. Watford pull a goal back. King draws Dias out of position before finding Dennis who curls a superb throughball into the path of Kamara who races in behind the defence! The wingback takes a touch before drilling a clinical 15-yard strike across Ederson and into the bottom corner,,1

And Jesus makes it two! 2-0. The hosts pour forward again as De Bruyne whips in a sensational cross that finds an unmarked Jesus inside the six-yard box and the attacker stoops to guide a header beyond Foster!,1

GOALLL! JESUS! 1-0. City take an early lead. Cancelo picks out Zinchenko inside the box with a superb switch and the wingback drills in a low cross that Jesus gleefully taps into an empty net from close range!,1

Ancelotti makes an attacking change as Iwobi comes on to replace Holgate. That change should see Digne return to his usual left-back slot.,0

Rodgers appears to be going for the win as he takes off the hard-working Albrighton, and sends on Under.,0

GOAAAALLLLL - EVERTON 1-1 LEICESTER - The pressure on the Everton goal is too much and Leicester grab a deserved equaliser. Pickford will be unhappy with his part in the goal after mistiming his punch which eventually led to the Leicester attack. Leicester recovered the ball and Barnes was on hand to tee up Tielemans. The Belgian's shot came through a crowd of bodies, but it was still down Pickford's throat, and all he could do was palm into the bottom corner. ,1

After clattering into Maddison, Rodriguez earns himself a yellow card and leaves him in a heap outside the Everton box.,2

GOAAAALLLLL - EVERTON 1-0 LEICESTER - Rodriguez fires Everton into the lead with a stunning strike from the edge of the box. The Colombian had initially tried to cross to Calvert-Lewin, only to see his pass blocked by Fofana. However, the clearance fell straight back to Rodriguez, and after turning onto his right foot, he has drilled the ball into the far corner past a stranded Schmeichel in the Leicester goal. ,1

RED CARD!! Moments after that goal and Stuttgart are down to ten. Sosa picked up his first yellow card for kicking the ball away which looks awfully silly now as he's shown a second yellow moments later for a bad foul. Not ideal for Stuttgart as they chase an equaliser.,3

GOOOAAAALLL!!! STUTTGART HAVE ONE BACK!! 3-2!! Well, do we have a game on our hands? Stuttgart pull one back and it's a slick move from the home side. Millot and Guirassy combine neatly on the edge of the box and Millot's effort finds the net after it takes a huge deflection and wrongfoots Trapp in the Frankfurt goal.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! KOLO MUANI SCORES!! 3-1!! The Frenchman missed a golden opportunity moments ago but he makes no mistake this time. It's low and to the keeper's right and Bredlow has no chance. What a second half from Frankfurt and they surely have one foot in the final now.,1

Stuttgart make a double change as they search for an equaliser. Anton is first off with Millot replacing him.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! FRANKFURT LEAD!! 2-1!! What a start to this second half and Frankfurt have turned it around in the space of ten minutes. The Japanese midfielder Kamada wins a 50-50 challenge against Anton in the middle of the park before driving forward with the ball. He cuts inside onto his right foot and takes aim with his right-footed shot creeping into the right-hand corner with Bredlow unable to make the stop.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! FRANKFURT LEVEL!! 1-1!! The away side draw level as the pressure tells. A cross comes in from the left and Stuttgart are unable to clear. Anton's header doesn't clear the ball away but instead lands it at the feet of Kolo Muani. The Frenchman shows a cool head to claw it back to Ndicka and it's a superb left-footed finish from the centre-back.,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! STUTTGART LEAD!! 1-0!! We hadn't had much action but in the blink of an eye, Tomas has the opening goal for Stuttgart. Anton plays a delightful ball into the channel to release Vagnoman down the right. The wing-back cuts it back to Tomas and the Portuguese forward does the rest with a fierce low strike into the bottom-left corner.,1

It's been a feisty affair so far with the referee showing his third yellow card inside the first 10 minutes. This time it is to Guirassy after the Stuttgart striker complains too much to the referee after he thought Hasebe had fouled him.,2

GOOOAAALLL! CARDIFF PULL ONE BACK, IT’S 3-1! Colwill with a superb goal to score for the visitors! Colwill wins the ball back initially on the halfway line, before racing forward alongside Davies and he receives the ball back from his team-mate on the edge of the penalty area. Colwill then coolly drills it into the back of the net, out of the reach of Kelleher.,1

Another Liverpool change now, with Henderson coming off and he has been replaced in midfield by Thiago.,0

GOOOAAALLL! ELLIOT MAKES IT 3-0! A wonderful goal by Elliot on his return from injury! Robertson delivers a good cross into the box from the left and Elliot controls it, before volleying the ball into the bottom right corner of the net. A superb finish and what a return for the midfielder!,1

The other Liverpool change sees Tsimikas replaced by Robertson, a straight swap at left-back for the hosts.,0

Klopp also makes another two changes to his Liverpool side, with Minamino departing and Milner heads on.,0

Another double change by Cardiff now, with King the man coming off and he has been replaced by Colwill.,0

GOOOAAALLL! LIVERPOOL DOUBLE THEIR LEAD, IT’S 2-0! Cardiff have an absolute shocker at the back and hand Liverpool a goal on a plate! Diaz nicks the ball on the byline in the penalty area and pulls it back to Jota, who hardly makes any contact on the ball, so it ends it falling to Minamino, who smashes it into the back of the net.,1

Cardiff have also made a double substitution, with Collins the first coming off and he has been replaced by Hugill.,0

The other change sees Diaz make his debut for Liverpool, following his January move from Porto. He replaces Jones.,0

Here is the first Liverpool change with Keita the man coming off and Elliott comes on, making his long awaited return following a serious injury earlier this season.,0

GOOOAAALLL! LIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD, IT’S 1-0! Alexander-Arnold whips a superb free-kick delivery into the penalty area from the right wing and it’s met by the head of Jota in the box, who glances the ball into the far corner of the net. Wonderful finish by Jota to fire Liverpool ahead.,1

Vaulks is the first Cardiff man to be booked after he pulls the shirt of Minamino and deliberately brings him down.,2

Just a yellow card for Kelleher! The referee has just booked the keeper for his challenge on Harris, but VAR are going to take a look at this and it could be upgraded to a red.,2

Roma substitution. Zaniolo goes off. On comes Abraham, who's just been called up to Gareth Southgate's England squad.,0

Roma make a change with the three points all but secure. Their captain Pellegrini goes off. Bove is his replacement.,0

GOAL! ROMA 3-0 HJK HELSINKI! Belotti gets in on the act, hitting Zaniolo's cutback from the byline into the turf and up into the net. Roma are showing no mercy to their depleted visitors.,1

HJK make a substitution. Soiri, who's being overrun down his side, goes off. A forward, Olusanya, replaces him.,0

GOAL! ROMA 2-0 HJK HELSINKI! Pellegrini fortuitously chests the ball into the net from close range as Belotti's left-wing cross deflects into his path. We're only a few minutes into the second half, but it feels like HJK have been sunk.,1

GOAL! ROMA 1-0 HJK HELSINKI! Dybala makes an instant impact from the bench! The substitute latches onto Pellegrini's lay-off to find the bottom right corner from the edge of the box.,1

Mourinho makes some proactive tweaks to his team at half-time. Dybala replaces the now unnecessary centre-back Vina.,0

Smalling also comes on to replace the booked Ibanez. Roma are taking no chances when it comes to losing a player themselves.,0

HJK make two changes too. Arajuuri replaces Hoskonen, who's had arguably the game's best chance so far.,0

HJK decide to make a change to adapt to being down to 10 men. Peltola, a centre-back, replaces Hostikka.,0

RED CARD FOR TENHO! The referee looks at the pitchside monitor, wipes out Tenho's yellow card, and shows the defender a red one! The barge on Belotti wasn't so bad, but Tenho was the last man so he has to go. What an early blow that is to HJK.,3

Man City make another change too. Fernardinho is on for Mahrez. That's a very deferential move by Guardiola, who knows there's only going to be one winner of this game if things carry on as they have been.,0

Leeds substitution. The industrious Klich is replaced by the young defender Davis. Dallas may move into midfield.,0

GOAL FOR LEEDS! 1-1! Rodrigo grabs the equaliser from the corner! Phillips' ball comes in and Ederson can't hold it. It drops to Rodrigo who prods home from close range!,1

Leeds make a bold half-time substitution. Poveda replaces the quiet Alioski. Costa will now play on the left for Leeds while Poveda will play wide right.,0

GOAL! 1-0 MAN CITY! Sterling weaves his way through the left of the box from Torres' pass and fires a clean strike into the bottom right corner. Meslier was never keeping that out.,1

Leeds striker Bamford earns the game's first yellow card as he brings down Laporte. Leeds need some respite. Man City have been relentless in these opening minutes.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 3-1 WEST HAM! Everton have an opportunity from a corner, but Garner's delivery is headed away. It falls into the path of Garner again, but his wayward pass is intercepted by Bowen and the Hammers counterattack. Alvarez makes a bursting run to the left and Bowen finds him, and the Mexican midfielder dinks it over Pickford and it's in the back of the net!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-1 WEST HAM!! Have the Hammers found a winner? The ball comes to Kudus on the left-hand side of the box, and he delivers into the penalty area. It comes to Soucek at the back post, and he produces a sensational outside-of-the-foot strike into the top corner, leaving Pickford with no chance!,1

Moyes makes an attacking change for West Ham, with Antonio coming off the bench. He replaces Paqueta for the Hammers.,0

Dyche makes a change in attack, and it's a straight swap in the striker position. Beto, who opened the scoring for Everton, is replaced by Calvert-Lewin.,0

Moyes makes the first change of the game and it's an alteration in midfield. Ward-Prowse heads to the bench, and Phillips comes on to replace him.,0

GOOAAAALLL!! 1-1!! WEST HAM EQUALISE! Kudus finds himself in space outside the Everton penalty area and he strikes towards goal, but Tarkowski blocks his effort and it's behind for a corner. Ward-Prowse is standing over it and he whips a dangerous cross into the middle, and Zouma rises above Godfrey to head into the top corner!,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 EVERTON!! Garner drives down the right-hand side and West Ham fail to pressure him, and he gets it out of his feet before delivering into the box. It's a superb cross and Beto is unmarked in the penalty area. He heads towards goal, and it flies into the back of the net, leaving Areola with no chance!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MATIP HEADS HOME!!!!!! 2-1 LIVERPOOL!!! Liverpool finally break down the Ajax rearguard in the second half as Matip rises and plants a header over the line, despite the best attempts of Tadic to keep it out. Matip connects with a cross from Tsimikas from the left flank, directing his attempt past Pasveer. And although Tadic heads it away, the ball clearly crosses the line with the referee receiving the signal on his watch.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KUDUS EQUALISES WITH A CLINICAL FINISH!!!!! 1-1!!!!! Ajax make Liverpool pay for their missed chances as Kudus hammers home from close range. Blind sends Berghuis down the left flank with a precise pass and the midfielder produces a cutback into the box. Kudus collects and fires on the turn on his left foot, with the ball hammering off the underside of the bar.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SALAH DRILLS LIVERPOOL AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Jota finds Salah on this occasion and the forward makes no mistake burying his left-footed strike past Pasveer. Jota makes a good run and draws in defenders to open up space for Salah. He finds Salah with a good pass, allowing the Egypt international to take one touch before firing into the bottom-right corner.,1

McCarthy slides in and misses the ball but catches Ward-Prowse with his tackle and is booked for the challenge.,2

The referee originally showed Walker-Peters a red card after he caught Mitchell late with a high boot. After going over to the pitchside monitor though, he's changed his mind and the right-back stays on and is shown a yellow.,2

ZAHA SCORES! It's a great goal from Zaha following another Palace counter-attack. It's a better ball from Townsend this time and Zaha pulls away from his defender at the far post and finds the back of the net with a close-range volley. 1-0 Palace! ,1

Holmes initially does well to get in front of Sterling, but the winger isn't about to give it up. Holmes can't catch him, so tugs his shirt, and gets himself a late booking.,2

For Chelsea, Golding is brought on to make his debut for the club in place of the most recent goalscorer, Fernandez.,0

The final changes for both sides are being made now, starting with a double swap for Preston. McCann is the first to go off, with Ledson on for him.,0

FERNANDEZ SCORES! Sterling is trying to wriggle his way out of a crowd in the middle of the box so he can have a shot, but he can only knock it out to Fernandez on the left of the box. He's unmarked and volleys it past Woodman from close range. The flag originally went up, but after a very long VAR check, the goal stands as the Argentinian was just onside. 4-0 Chelsea!,1

Chelsea are making another double change here. Broja, who scored the opening goal for Chelsea, goes off for Washington.,0

STERLING SCORES! And that should do it for Chelsea! Sterling steps up to take the free-kick that Palmer won just to the left of the D, and he takes a stuttering run-up before striking the ball. He gets it up and over the wall, and Woodman can't get near it as it hits the back of the net. 3-0 Chelsea!,1

Preston are starting to look tired now, and they're scrambling back to deal with a pacey Chelsea attack. Whiteman brings down Palmer, earning the first yellow card of the game.,2

SILVA SCORES! It's a good delivery from Palmer on the corner as he whips it into the near post, and Silva makes a late run from the edge of the box that no Preston players spot. He flicks it on, and the power on the header is what beats Woodman, as the keeper can only help it into the net despite getting two hands on it. 2-0 Chelsea!,1

Osmajic, who went down early with what looked like a muscle problem, isn't going to be risked much longer. Riis is on for him.,0

There's a double change for Preston now. Keane, who has struggled to get into the game, having only 12 touches and making six passes, goes off. Evans is on in his place.,0

Chelsea are making a double change here. Gilchrist goes off to a standing ovation on his full debut as he's replaced by Silva.,0

BROJA SCORES! Chelsea break the deadlock! Caicedo goes down just inside the box but manages to slip it out to Mudryk before he does. He pulls it back to Gusto, who curls in a lovely cross from the left, picking out Broja in the middle. He rises high to glance it onto the far post, and it nestles into the back of the net. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

Atletico make their third and final change with Juanfran coming on for Kalinic, as Simeone now looks to sure things up.,0

GOAL! Saul puts Atletico 1-0 up! The midfielder saw his penalty saved by Lunin, who guessed he would aim for the bottom right-hand corner. However, the goalkeeper could only parry the ball back into the path of Saul, who fired home the rebound.,1

Munoz has been a real fan favourite since his move in January and he gets a big reception as he is subbed and Ward comes on.,0

The young White also comes on for a couple of minutes to prove himself against a red-hot Palace side, and Longstaff makes way.,0

Anderson has been busy but, like many of his teammates, just hasn't been on it this evening. Ritchie is coming on.,0

MATETA DOUBLES THE LEAD! What a performance from Palace's forward. He is in the right place to stroke Hughes' pass through Dubravka's legs, and Palace have shown their worth against an in-form side. 2-0 to the Eagles!,1

With Wharton shown yellow early in the second half, Glasner didn't want to risk the chance of playing with 10 men and Riedewald comes on.,0

What a performance from Eze. He was restless and Newcastle struggled to deal with him throughout, and with the schedule showing little sign of slowing down, Glasner opts to rest his star man. Schlupp comes on.,0

Olise was leading a counter-attack and Anderson felt like he needed to drag him back otherwise Palace were in a great position. The Newcastle man is booked.,2

Longstaff was shocked that it wasn't given and he has been booked for the complaints towards the referee. He had a strong leg to stand on but Palace survived the scare.,2

Ayew looks a bit upset that his name is shown on the board, and he has a point as he has worked hard and capped his performance off with an assist. However, it is difficult to moan when Olise is the calibre of player you are making way for.,0

Wharton clatters into Guimaraes. He has been eager to get close to any Newcastle player but he might have got a bit closer than he would have liked on this occasion.,2

Wilson also comes on and in his hand is a note, which Mateta is keen to read. Murphy makes way in an attack-minded swap.,0

Howe has been keen to make these changes for a long time. Hall comes on for Barnes, and the first thing he has to do is defend a corner.,0

Gordon is in disbelief! He doesn't think he touched Eze but the referee thinks otherwise and gives Gordon a yellow. More importantly, and worryingly for Newcastle, the free-kick is in a great position.,2

WOW! WHAT A BEAUTIFUL GOAL! MATETA CAN'T STOP SCORING! Palace won the ball high, Eze found Mateta and he exchanged the ball with Ayew to open Newcastle up. The Frenchman then made no mistake to score his 10th league goal of the season, and it's 1-0 to the hosts!,1

Ayew joins Richards in the referee's book, and it is just as easy of a decision. Guimaraes beats him and Ayew clips him before he can go any further.,2

Richards picks up the first yellow card of the game. Gordon spun away from him and the American kept hold of him and didn't allow him to escape.,2

Juventus make a change with five minutes to go as Cambiaso is given an early rest, with Alcaraz ready to fill in.,0

Abraham catches Danilo late with an outstretched boot right in front of the technical area, which earns the striker a yellow card.,2

With a Europa League semi-final second-leg tie with Bayer Leverkusen coming up on Thursday, De Rossi opts to recall his captain to the bench, with Pellegrini giving way for Bove.,0

Chiesa comes off to the disappointment of the travelling fans, with Kean given 14 minutes to find the winner.,0

Rabiot is the first Juventus player to be shown a yellow card, after the France international’s poor sliding challenge catches the ankle of Kristensen.,2

Looking to protect the already booked wing-back, Weah comes off one minute after the hour - replaced by Kostic.,0

A change at the half for the hosts sees Dybala replaced after 45 minutes, with Zalewski on in his place.,0

JUVENTUS FIND THE EQUALISER! 1-1! Chiesa’s outswinging corner is initially repelled, but Locatelli manages to resettle possession before hitting a lovely switch of play out to the right. Chiesa pulls it down from the sky before twisting and turning, sitting Pellegrini down in the process, before hooking an inch-perfect cross to the far post for Bremer to nod home!,1

THE HOSTS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0 ROMA! Baldanzi cuts a pass back from the byline for Dybala, who keeps possession wide in order to try and skip past Bremer. After some fancy footwork the Argentina international lays it off for Cristante, whose effort is whacked off the line by Gatti. Lukaku pops up on the spot and collects the rebound before hammering home his finish to give his side the advantage!,1

Play is blown to a halt with the referee rushing over towards Svilar’s six-yard box, where he has remained down following a challenge from Weah. Ndicka’s pass back did the goalkeeper no favours, with the United States international’s momentum taking him through his opponent. It’s a yellow card for the wing-back, who makes no complaints.,2

Jesus hammers the ball away in frustration after the referee awards a goal kick rather than a corner, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Adams is replaced up top by the tireless Long, after a strong display that was perfected with his wonderful finish over Ederson.,0

SOUTHAMPTON TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Zinchenko loses possession inside his own half again and Armstrong pokes it to Adams, who hits a stunning first-time lob from 40 yards over the top of Ederson and in! What a brilliant way for the striker to net his first goal for the club!,1

Parma's fifth and final change sees Caprari replace Karamoh, who was himself subbed on in the first half.,0

Calhanoglu leaves the field with two assists and a goal to his name. Krunic is introduced in his place.,0

The impressive Hernandez is replaced by Laxalt with 10 minutes to go and the points surely in the bag.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! MILAN 3-1 PARMA!! Moments after surviving a couple of scares, Milan kill off the contest with a third goal. Bonaventura decides against playing in Hernandez on the overlap and instead squares for Calhanoglu to rifle a low shot into the bottom-left corner from range. Great strike!,1

Parma full-back Darmian is booked for a foul on Hernandez, who has been as lively as ever out wide for Milan today.,2

Inglese netted late on last time out for Parma and has plenty of time to do likewise here. Brugman is the player to make way.,0

D'Aversa makes a double change, with Hernani taking over from Grassi in the first of those substitutions.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! MILAN 2-1 PARMA!! Just like that Milan have the lead! Calhanoglu floats a free-kick between the penalty spot and the six-yard box and Romagnoli, having got in front of Iacoponi, heads past Seppe to turn the game on its head.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! MILAN 1-1 PARMA!! What a strike this is! Calabria's cross to the front post is scuffed clear and Milan keep the pressure on. Kessie is allowed to carry the ball forward and, despite being more than 25 yards out, he unleashes a rocket of a shot past a rooted Seppe.,1

Parma have also made a half-time change - Dermaku is on for Alves, who is seemingly carrying an injury.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! MILAN 0-1 PARMA!! The visitors take a surprise lead at San Siro through Kurtic's strike. Gervinho holds the ball up down the right and then plays in Grassi down the line. Grassi cuts the ball back for Kurtic to strike low and hard past Donnarumma from 12 yards.,1

Grassi and Romagnoli slide in to win the ball and the former catches his opponent on the knee with his studs. That is a nasty one and the Parma midfielder is rightly cautioned.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! MURIEL FINDS THE NET!! 4-2!! Sevilla get a consolation goal as Muriel converts late in the game after latching onto Ben Yedder's offload. This time he does beat Ter Stegen with a composed finish from inside the box, curling his effort beyond the German, although it's too little too late for the visitors.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! RAKITIC PUTS THE GAME AWAY!!! 4-1 BARCELONA!!! Raktic scores a beauty on the half-volley to secure the win for the home side. He latches on to a loose ball on the right flank and drills his effort across goal. Vaclik tries to get down, but the strike has too much power for him to get there in time to make the stop as the ball finds the bottom corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SUAREZ MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-0 BARCELONA!!! The forward holds his nerve from 12 yards to all but secure the win for the home side. He fires his effort into the bottom corner, sending Vaclik the wrong way. A decisive moment in the contest.,1

A hammer blow for Barcelona as Messi is forced off with an injury. They will be praying that it's not a serious one, only eight days before El Clasico. Dembele replaces the Argentine.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI DOUBLES BARCA'S LEAD!! 2-0!!! The home side extend their advantage as Suarez picks out Messi down the right flank. Messi creates room to open up his body to curl a left-footed strike towards goal. He hits his effort with enough power and bend to beat Vaclik and find the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! COUTINHO FIRES BARCELONA AHEAD!!! The home side take the lead in emphatic fashion. They break down the right through Semedo, who finds Messi. He turns to play in Coutinho in the box with a precise left-footed offload. The Brazilian fires the ball first time into the top corner, leaving Vaclik with no chance. What a start for Barca.,1

GOAL! Carrasco has only been on the pitch for a few minutes, but he makes it five! Carrasco blocks Hernandez' clearance into the path of Llorente, who carries it forward and squares it back to the Belgian for an easy finish.,1

GOAL! 4-0, Morata after a VAR review! He gets in behind and finishes powerfully, across the goalkeeper and into the bottom-right corner with his right foot. It was originally flagged offside but his run was timed perfectly, and the goal is given after a quick check upstairs.,1

GOAL! 3-0, Llorente does brilliantly! A deep free-kick is played straight into his feet at the edge of the area. He turns, bustles his way through three defenders then shoots through Hernandez' legs, across the goalkeeper and into the bottom-left corner. Superb goal.,1

GOAL! 2-0, Felix again! Correa sets Costa off in behind, and the pair are two-on-one against the goalkeeper. Costa carries it forward down the right before laying off the youngster for a tap-in. Game over?,1

Savic is booked after an aerial challenge with Gallego, which seems harsh. That looked pretty much 50-50, and the defender isn't happy about it.,2

Herrera's low corner from the left is easily dealt with by the home defence. The ball comes back forward from Atletico and Felix fouls Hernandez, receiving a yellow card.,2

GOOOALL! Atletico lead, Felix opens the scoring with a belting finish! Herrera plays a nice ball in behind to Lodi, who pulls it back for Saul. He mis-hits his shot but Lato can only half-clear it, and Felix runs onto the loose ball, spanking a powerful right-footed effort into the top-right corner. Great strike.,1

Arias picks up the first yellow card of the evening after leaving an elbow in as he and Arnaiz went up to contest a long ball forward.,2

A poor challenge from Vecino on Soppy earns the Inter midfielder a yellow card - just one minute after coming onto the pitch.,2

It looked as though Perisic would be coming off for Gosens in the late stages but a concerning injury to Barella means that Inzaghi will be forced to use his last substitution on the influential midfielder - with Vecino coming on in his place. Barella is limping off the pitch with assistance and his knee looks quite badly swollen.,0

Vidal slots into the midfield as Inzaghi opts for a change in the middle of the park. Gagliardini is selected to make way.,0

Inter make three substitutions at one time, with the first altering the attack. Correa comes on for Dzeko.,0

UDINESE GET BACK INTO THE MATCH! 2-1! Deulofeu steps up and takes a fantastic free-kick, forcing Handanovic to dive across his line to make a one-handed stop. The rebound falls to Udogie, who immediately puts a pass across the face of goal for Pussetto, who tucks home the easy finish!,1

Pereyra sticks out a leg and catches Barella from behind cynically - earning the midfielder a yellow card.,2

MARTINEZ FINISHES AT THE SECOND ATTEMPT! 2-0! The striker sends his penalty off the base of the post and it comes back towards the Inter forward after taking a deflection off Silvestri, presenting him with a chance to neatly tuck home the rebound!,1

After pointing to the spot, the referee goes over and shows Mari a yellow card for the challenge which has given Inter a penalty.,2

Success’ match ends in disappointment as the forward comes off worse for wear after just 27 minutes with an apparent hamstring injury. Pussetto is selected as his replacement.,0

INTER TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Dimarco swings a corner towards the edge of the six-yard box for Perisic, who leaps and tucks his header high into the top corner - beating the goalkeeper at his near post!,1

Milan are making another double change now and it's Bonaventura that's coming off. Biglia is on in his place.,0

LEAO SCORES! Leao gets goalside of Lucioni and times his run perfectly to get on the end of Conti's cross. Gabriel was drawn to the ball, leaving the substitute with a simple header into an empty net. 4-1 Milan!,1

Double change for Milan now and it's the scorer of the first goal, Castillejo, that makes way first for Saelemaekers.,0

Babacar touches the ball onto Falco just as Gabbia comes across to tackle him. It's a late challenge from the defender as he stands on his foot and he's shown a yellow card.,2

AND IT'S THREE! Lecce have all of their players apart from Gabriel in Milan's half for a corner and Milan go on the counter-attack. Rebic gets the ball from Calhanoglu in his own half and has a lot of space to run into. He takes it into the box and coolly sends his shot past the keeper and into the net. 3-1 Milan!,1

MILAN REGAIN THE LEAD! Lecce weren't even level for a minute before Milan went up the other end and scored! Calhanoglu had the initial shot from outside the box and Gabriel gets down well to push the ball away, but it's straight to Bonaventura who is left with a simple tap-in. 2-1 Milan!,1

LECCE ARE LEVEL! It's Mancosu that steps up to take the spot-kick and it's a confident penalty from the captain. He takes a short run-up and hops before firing his shot into the right of the net, sending Donnarumma the wrong way. 1-1! ,1

Lapadula doesn't come back out for the second half after that ankle injury, and Babacar is on in his place.,0

Kjaer is still struggling after picking up that knee injury earlier so he's being brought off and replaced by Gabbia.,0

MILAN TAKE THE LEAD! It's a good, low cross into the box from Calhanoglu and Castillejo opens up his body as it rolls past him before side-footing the ball past Gabriel and into the bottom-left corner. 1-0 Milan!,1

Michel tussles with Simakan as the pair race for the byline and end up tripping each other over. The pair butt heads, and Michel is booked for his part in the fracas.,2

Simakan is shown a yellow card too for his clash with Michel. He won't mind a bit if it helps wind down the clock for his team.,2

GOAL! RB LEIPZIG 2-1 UNION BERLIN! Forsberg pops up to win the game for Leipzig! The hosts go for broke and Angelino's snap effort is cleared off the line by Baumgartl! Leipzig keep the pressure on and the Swede plants Henrech's cross past Ronnow who is rooted to the spot!,1

Leipzig make a change up front as extra-time approaches. Poulsen replaces Silva, who's been in the thick of the action.,0

Khedira's foul on Forsberg earns him a yellow card. The midfielder will have to be careful with extra-time looming.,2

GOAL! RB LEIPZIG 1-1 UNION BERLIN! Silva makes amends for his miss earlier by deceiving Ronnow and smashing his kick straight down the middle! The Union keeper dives helplessly out of the way. Leipzig are level!,1

Laimer's booked for that shocker of a tackle. A less kind referee may well have shown him a red card instead of a yellow one.,2

GOAL! RB LEIPZIG 0-1 UNION BERLIN! Becker hands the Berliners the lead! It's a lovely goal too, as the forward runs onto Trimmel's cross to tap the ball first-time back across Gulacsi into the bottom right corner.,1

Bellarabi replaces Diaby for the final four minutes. Diaby broke the game open for the visitors with his early strike.,0

Hlozek is withdrawn by Alonso after a good night in front of goal with a strike and assist. Azmoun replaces the forward.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! HLOZEK FINDS THE NET!!!!! 4-1!!!! Leverkusen end the Union rally as Hlozek scores on the rebound. Diaby finds space in the Union box and fires at goal on his left foot. Moris makes a decent stop, but the rebound falls straight to Hlozek to convert on his right foot. Surely it's game over now.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! TERHO GIVES UNION A GLIMMER OF HOPE!!!!! 3-1!!!! Terho latches on to Lapoussin's cross and his left-footed strike is deflected past Hradecky. Leverkusen fail to clear their lines from a free-kick and Lapoussin does well down the left flank to beat one challenge and pick out Terho in space. He takes a touch before curling a shot towards goal that is helped into the net with a ricochet.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FRIMPONG MAKES IT THREE!!!!!! 3-0 LEVERKUSEN!!!!! A nightmare for Moris as Frimpong surely sends Leverkusen through to the last four. Burgess puts Moris under pressure at the back with a backpass, and the keeper is then closed down by Bakker after taking a poor touch. The loose ball falls perfectly for Frimpong to fire into an empty net. That goal sums up Union's night.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!! BAKKER FINISHES A SUBLIME LEVERKUSEN MOVE!!!! 2-0 ON THE NIGHT!!!!! Leverkusen take a huge step towards the semi-finals with a sensational team move that Bakker completes with a composed finish. Diaby uses his pace to run at the Union defence before he offloads to Hlozek in stride in the inside-right channel. The forward spots an unmarked Bakker in the middle and picks him out with a perfect cross. Bakker meets the cross first-time and guides his left-footed strike past Moris.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DIABY PUTS LEVERKUSEN AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! The visitors take the lead as Diaby rounds Moris and slots the ball home. Fortune is on Leverkusen's side as a loose ball falls perfectly for the forward in the box. There is still work for Diaby to do, but he holds his composure to evade the Union keeper before placing his effort into the net. A great start for Alonso's men.,1

Third and final change for Leicester as Vardy is replaced by Iheanacho for the final few minutes of the game.,0

Final change of the game for Liverpool shows Klopp's intent. On comes Sturridge, with Firmino making way.,0

Confirmation of the double change for the home side, the first of which sees Keita replaced by Lallana.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! 1-1! The blue side of Manchester will be celebrating along with Leicester! Maddison's free-kick is dealt with but it drops to Chilwell on the edge of the area and he heads the ball over the top of the defence to Maguire, who tucks past Alisson with ease.,1

Mane turns in midfield to pounce on a loose ball and is clipped from behind by Maguire, who earns a yellow card. The home fans believe it should have been a red card but it was too far from goal to be considered a clear goalscoring opportunity.,2

The first yellow card of the game is issued for Matip after he fouls Vardy in midfield, giving the referee no choice.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOAL! 1-0 Liverpool! Just the start the hosts wanted! Mane links up with Robertson and Firmino before taking a superb touch away from Gray, drilling a low effort into the corner of the net that gives Schmeichel no hope.,1

Sampsted has been one of Bodo's brightest performers, particularly in this half, but comes off now for Morten Konradsen to see out the game.,0

Lode comes off too in a triple change for the visitors, and Marius Hoibraten takes his place in the side.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! That'll seal it!!! Tomiyasu's throw to Jesus sees him hold of the challenge of Sampsted, before jinking inside Moe, and cutting the ball back to Vieira who fires into the roof of the net!!! A superbly engineered goal, and the mercurial work of Jesus and Vieira puts Arsenal 3-0 up with full-time approaching!,1

Nketiah's opener got Arsenal on their way in a game they still look extremely likely to win, and the striker comes off for Reiss Nelson to see out the final few minutes.,0

Mvuka's been dynamic and dangerous, particularly in this half, but has lacked that crucial end-product, and he comes off now, with Bodo hoping his replacement Ola Solbakken can make an even greater impact.,0

A triple change coming for Arsenal, with Martinelli first off for his prolific Brazil compatriot Gabriel Jesus.,0

Captain replaces captain in Arsenal's third change, as Xhaka comes off for Norway international Martin Odegaard.,0

Sampsted catches Martinelli late and leaves the Arsenal winger in a heap on the touchline, with the Bodo right-back receiving a yellow card from the referee.,2

Xhaka loses out to Berg in midfield, and whilst on the floor, sticks out an arm to prevent a pass being played beyond him! A risky move from the Arsenal captain to say the least, who is very lucky to still be on the pitch after that!,2

Gabriel's ball to Nketiah looks good, but is cut out on the edge of the box. Bodo struggle to clear it though, and Wembangomo accidentally handles the ball right on the edge of the area, handing Arsenal a free-kick in a good shooting position.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! It's 2-0!!! Arsenal double their lead in no time at all as Vieira's initial corner is headed away. He swings it back in from the edge of the box, and Holding escapes his marker to nod the ball beyond Haikin at the back post! The Gunners have firm control over this game now!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! There it is!!! Arsenal burst forward at speed and Martinelli finds Tierney wide to his left. He lashes a shot across goal from the edge of the box, which smashes off the far post, and Nketiah reacts quickest to tap the ball home!!! 1-0 to the Arsenal, and it's a goal that you can sense has certainly been on the cards!,1

Into the first of four added minutes here and Rice is being taken off by West Ham, with Benrahma on in his place.,0

Second change for West Ham now, and Antonio's last involvement was winning that free-kick. Yarmolenko is on in his place.,0

West Ham are making their first change of the game. Noble is coming on to help them see out the win, with Lanzini going off.,0

During the stoppage, Lyon are making their third change. It's Aouar that's taken off, with Barcola replacing him.,0

BOWEN SCORES! It's a wonderful throughball from Fornals, who had dropped deep, and Bowen has a clear run through the middle. He drives into the box, with the Lyon defenders unable to close him down before he coolly slots it low past Pollersbeck and into the bottom corner. 3-0 West Ham!,1

There's a double change for Lyon at the break as they try to get themselves back into this tie. Ndombele is taken off and replaced by Paqueta.,0

RICE SCORES! Gusto's clearance is cut out by Johnson, and he plays a one-two with Fornals to get away down the left. He squares it into the middle, and a deflection takes it to Rice on the edge of the box. He drills a low shot towards goal, and a small deflection off Lukeba's foot takes it over the diving Pollersbeck. 2-0 West Ham!,1

DAWSON SCORES! It's an inviting cross from Fornals on the corner and Dawson makes a darting, unmarked run through the middle to get to the near post. He thumps a header past Pollersbeck, who is static on his line, and it hits the back of the net. 1-0 West Ham!,1

Diop is dragged wide by Dembele, and he ends up stretching across the midfielder to try and in the ball. He catches the player and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

WELBECK EQUALISES! Brighton have finally found a way past Chelsea! It's well-worked on the edge of the box before it's touched out to Cucurella, and he floats a lovely cross into the box. Welbeck has two defenders tight to him, but he manages to get the power on his header to send it into the back of the net. Mendy was wrongfooted and had no chance! 1-1! ,1

Final roll of the dice for Brighton now as they continue to search for a late equaliser. Moder's going off, with Alzate on in his place. ,0

There's an off-the-ball incident between Mount and Bissouma that followed both of them trying to get possession. There's some pushing between them and Bissouma is booked.,2

Second change for Brighton now, and it's an attacking one as Welbeck comes on to replace Mac Allister. ,0

Bissouma is driving forward once again and Hudson-Odoi just clips the back of his heels to stop the run. He's the third Chelsea player to go into the book.,2

Kovacic is the latest Chelsea player to try and stop Lamptey. His tackle is a late one though and he has his name taken by the referee.,2

Christensen picked up a knock early on and wasn't moving freely for the rest of the first half. He isn't coming back out after the break, with Chalobah on to replace him.,0

Lamptey knocks the ball past Alonso and Rudiger flies into a challenge on the right-back. He comes off the floor, and although he gets the ball, it's a poor tackle. He's protesting his innocence, but he's still shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

LUKAKU SCORES! It's an inswinger from Mount and Lukaku gets away from Maupay in the middle. He drifts to the near post and flicks the header across goal, past Sanchez, and into the bottom corner. Maupay is on the ground holding his face, but he went down after trying to foul Lukaku, so VAR says the goal stands. 1-0 Chelsea! ,1

James is moving very gingerly when he gets back to his feet, and he's having to be helped off the pitch. He goes straight down the tunnel with Alonso coming on for him.,0

LEVANTE TAKE THE LEAD! Morales times his run perfectly to stay onside and Modric just can't get close to him. He lets the ball bounce in front of him before hitting his shot on the volley from a tight angle on the left of the box and Courtois is beaten at his near post. 1-0 Levante!,1

Zidane is also making a change and Hazard limps off the field as Vinicius comes on in his place. That injury could be worrying for Zidane as his team have big matches against Manchester City and Barcelona in the next week.,0

Marti has his eyes on the ball but he backs into Casemiro with a lot of force and sends him to ground, so he's shown a yellow card.,2

Carrasco has enjoyed a fine outing today, scoring the first and creating the third for Joao Felix. He makes way for Lodi.,0

GOALLLLLLLL!!!! JOAO FELIX PUTS THE GAME BEYOND DOUBT!!!!! 3-0 ATLETICO!!!!! Joao Felix races through on goal after latching on to an offload from Carrasco. The Portuguese holds his composure and buries a left-footed strike past Bravo into the bottom-right corner. The offside flag initially disallows the effort, but VAR has a second look and spots that Joao Felix times his run to perfection. As a result, the forward gets the goal to all but secure the three points for the hosts.,1

GOALLLLLLLL!!!! CARRASCO BLASTS A STRIKE PAST BRAVO!!! 1-0 ATLETICO!!! The home side take the lead as Carrasco rifles a left-footed effort into the net. Correa spots the Belgian in space down the left flank and releases the wing-back. Carrasco turns Montoya inside and out before powering his effort past Bravo into the top-left corner.,1

Walker-Peters comes off following an industrious performance, with Tino Livramento set to take the wing-back's place.,0

Perraud is all over McNeil as a diagonal ball looks to find the Burnley winger, and he's yellow carded after kicking the ball away following the referee's whistle.,2

Collins goes down clutching his head at the corner, but Bednarek is far from happy when play is stopped. A fracas ensues between him and Tarkowski, and the Saints centre-back is booked.,2

Tarkowski is also booked for his part in the melee, with both right-sided centre-backs carded at the same time.,2

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! Burnley double their lead!! Brownhill's corner swings towards the back post, where Collins jumps above Lyanco and heads into the far corner!!! Burnley go 2-0 up right on the stroke of half-time!,1

Cork lunges and catches Armstrong very late, and despite trying to stay on his feet, the Saints winger does eventually go to ground and wins the free-kick, with Cork yellow carded for his troubles.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! What a strike to put Burnley 1-0 up!!!! After McNeil's effort is blocked, Burnley recycle possession and Brownhill tees up Roberts. He's forced onto his left foot, but that doesn't matter as he curls a beauty of a shot into the bottom corner and the stadium erupts!,1

Mariano is booked for standing in front of a free-kick as Jordan looked to hoist a ball into the penalty area.,2

Incredible!!! Real Madrid's sensational comeback is complete!!! Benzema looks to have stolen it at the death, as excellent work down the right by Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo ends with the latter dragging the ball back for their strike partner. The Frenchman takes a couple of touches with multiple defenders around him, and seemingly takes an age before smashing into the back of the net to make it 3-2.,1

Real Madrid are level!!! It's Nacho who is the scorer, as Sevilla failed to deal with a corner. The ball ends up with Carvajal on the right of the box, who then cuts it back to Nacho. The substitute hits it first-time, and buries his shot to get his team back on level terms just seconds after coming onto the pitch as he makes it 2-2.,1

Real Madrid are back in it!!! It's an excellent goal too, as Vinicius Junior and Carvajal combine down the left before the latter squares into the box. Rodrygo is there waiting, and smashes into the roof of the net to pull a goal back and make it 2-1.,1

Martial goes in the book for his protests at the referee not awarding a foul or second yellow card for Camavinga's drag-back on him.,2

Camavinga is the first player to go in the referee's book, for a very late challenge on Corona in midfield.,2

It's 2-0!!! Lamela is the scorer, thanks to some more awful defending by the league leaders. Acuna's headed through-ball to Corona is reached by the Mexican winger before the onrushing Courtois can get there, and the ball is tapped acros to Lamela. The former Spurs man makes no mistake, as he places into the back of the net to send the home fans into raptures once more.,1

What a goal!!! Rakitic is the man chosen to take the free-kick, and he perfectly sends the ball through the wall and into the back of the net. There's a post-mortem in the Real Madrid defence as they try to work out how the wall was so poorly organised, but Sevilla don't care as they now lead 1-0.,1

Ayew can't get past Caicedo, so pulls to a stop and goes down easily under pressure from Estupinan to win a free-kick. Caicedo makes his feelings clear and gets a shove from Ayew for it, which sees the Palace man go into the book.,2

As we head into nine minutes of stoppage time, Brighton are making their final substitution. March is taken off, with Webster on in his place as they switch to a back five.,0

Brighton are making another change here, and it's Mac Allister that's going off, with Sarmiento replacing him.,0

There's a double change for both sides here, starting with Brighton. Mitoma is the first to go off, with Enciso on in his place.,0

Second change for Palace now as they try to go for an equaliser. Olise is taken off, with Ayew replacing him.,0

Palace are breaking on the counter, and Caicedo sticks out a leg to clip Olise's heels and stop it. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

Unsurprisingly, Doucoure, who is on a booking, doesn't come back out for the second half. Eze is on in his place.,0

Veltman tries to skip past Doucoure, who sticks out a leg to block his run. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

MARCH SCORES! Against the run of play, Brighton have the lead! Welbeck volleys it out to Mitoma on the left, and he cuts inside before playing a wonderful throughball forward for March. He cuts across Guehi to get on the end of it before drilling his low shot across goal from the edge of the box and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Brighton!,1

Fornals has also impressed, and it's a defensive replacement in Vladimir Coufal who enters the pitch.,0

GOOOOALLLLL!!!! There's number four and Bowen finally has his goal!!! It's the most well-worked move of the game for West Ham; Antonio drives into the box and feeds Lanzini, who unselfishly passes first-time to the unmarked Bowen who makes no mistake in making it 4-1 to the Hammers! What an away performance, and it's game, set and match at Villa Park.,1

GOOOALLLL!!!! That's the third, and it might seal three points for West Ham!!! Bowen sprints forward and is one-on-one with Martinez, who does brilliantly to save his shot. However, Fornals slides in at the back post to fire the rebound home and put West Ham 3-1 up! It's hard to see any way back for the home side now, and the Hammers could well be taking the points back to East London!,1

McGinn is also yellow-carded, and after his run in made things much worse, you can't argue with that.,2

Bowen is also booked for his part in the melee, and that could've been ugly if the referee hadn't taken action.,2

Fornals and Nakamba collide going for a 50-50 and a melee ensues, with Bowen pushing a furious McGinn to the ground as both sets of players run into the tussle. Fornals is given a yellow for the original challenge.,2

Bailey hasn't had the impact that Dean Smith would've desired on his first start, and he's replaced by Anwar El Ghazi.,0

Konsa's dismissal leaves the home side short at the back, and so Tyrone Mings, who's the opposite of short, comes on as Buendia is sacrificed for ten-man Villa.,0

Hause avoids trouble, but the closeness to goal of Konsa's foul sees him given a red card by the referee instead!! It looks harsh given there was minimal contact, but he was the last man and the Villa defender can have few complaints!,3

GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL!!!!! They weren't level for long!!!! Benrahma cuts inside again and looks to make space for himself, but he's crowded out. He passes to Rice, who hardly takes a step before firing the ball low into the bottom corner!!! What a strike to put the Hammers back into a 2-1 lead!!!,1

GOOOALLLLL!!!!! There's the equaliser!!! Great play from Villa as McGinn picks out Buendia on the run. He charges into the box and cuts the ball back to the penalty spot, where Watkins is waiting to fire the ball past Fabianski!!! 1-1, and this game is turning into a real cracker!!!,1

GOOOOALLLLL!!!!! What a start for West Ham!!!! It's the right-back Johnson who has the ball on the right-wing and, despite having options, cuts inside to fire a low shot into the bottom corner that beats Martinez and puts the away side 1-0 up already!!! No one thought he'd shoot, least of all Martinez, who saw the ball very late and couldn't keep it out!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MODRIC COMPLETES THE COMEBACK FOR MADRID!!! 2-1!!!! Modric gives Real hope of snatching the title if Valladolid can score a late equaliser. Benzema works tirelessly down the left flank and lifts a cross into the box. Modric takes it out of the air before striking a sublime half-volley on his left foot away from Rulli and into the top-left corner. A super strike, but it may not be enough for Los Blancos.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA FINDS THE TOP-RIGHT CORNER!!!! 1-1!!!! Los Blancos have hope as the Frenchman finds the back of the net with a stunning strike. Rodrygo weaves his way through traffic in the Villarreal box and offloads to Benzema in space. He takes one touch before firing with power into the top-right corner giving Rulli no chance. Madrid have the smallest of lifelines in their title bid.,1

Alcacer comes on to the pitch to replace the ailing Pino, who made the decisive impact in the contest with his strike.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! PINO PUTS VILLARREAL AHEAD!!! 1-0!!!! Just when it appeared Madrid had hope it is snatched away by Pino. Gerard pokes an offload into the box that the winger controls. He breaks away from Militao before striking his effort past Courtois, who gets a deflection on the ball, but cannot keep the effort out.,1

Ljungberg looks like he's trying to win this game now as he brings on Aubameyang for his final change in place of Smith Rowe.,0

Second change for Standard now and it's Lestienne that's coming on to replace Amallah, who scored Standard's second goal.,0

ARSENAL ARE LEVEL! Once again, Saka isn't closed down when he gets the ball, this time on the edge of the box. He takes a touch to set himself before drilling his shot low into the bottom right corner. 2-2!,1

ARSENAL PULL ONE BACK! It's a great cross from Saka and Lacazette times his run perfectly to stay onside behind Laifis before heading the ball past Bodart and into the back of the net. 2-1!,1

Ljungberg makes his first change of the game now and it's Martinelli that's coming on to replace Sokratis.,0

STANDARD HAVE A SECOND! It's a poor piece of defending by Willock as he touches the ball straight into Amallah's path. The midfielder turns away from Guendouzi before firing his shot towards goal and a deflection off Mavropanos' hand takes it past Martinez and into the back of the net. 2-0 Standard!,1

STANDARD LEAD! Bastien isn't closed down as he makes a forward run and he fires his shot towards goal from outside the box. It takes a huge deflection of Sokratis' arm on the way through which catches out Martinez and sends it over the goalkeeper's head. 1-0 Standard!,1

Preud'homme has decided to make a change at the start of the second half and it's Emond that's making way as Avenatti comes onto the field.,0

Mendy hurt himself during that last United attack, and he's taken off after receiving treatment. Choudhury is on to replace him.,0

FRED EQUALISES! Schmeichel's clearance is cut out by Varane and Fred helps it onto Fernandes, who takes it around Fofana before drilling a low shot on goal. Schmeichel gets down to push it away, but Fred is following in to rifle it into the roof of the net from close range. 1-1!,1

Leicester are making their first change now, and it's one they were planning before the goal. Evans, who has just come back from injury, goes off, with Amartey on for him.,0

IHEANACHO SCORES! Fred's attempt at a counter-attack is cut out and Dewsbury-Hall turns to set Leicester back towards goal. It's a wonderful, inch-perfect cross from Maddison to pick out Iheanacho, who gets in front of Telles. He heads it back across goal and De Gea gets a hand to it, but can only help it over the line. 1-0 Leicester!,1

Second change for United now, and it's McTominay, who's just been shown a yellow card, going off. Rashford is on for him.,0

The ball bounces awkwardly off McTominay's knee, and he slides in on Maddison in an attempt to keep hold of the ball. It's a poor challenge, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

There's a change for United at the break. Shaw is going off after picking up that ankle injury towards the end of the first half, with Telles on in his place.,0

Tielemans is trying to push Dalot off the ball and ends up bundling the defender over. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Elanga breezes past Justin before Fofana sticks out a leg to trick him. He didn't attempt to play the ball, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Shaw flies into a tackle on Justin and takes him out with the late challenge. He's shown an early yellow card.,2

Modric has had his hand in all three Real Madrid goals today - and he deserves his early rest. Isco is his replacement. ,0

MODRIC GETS HIS GOAL! It’s a fantastic strike from the Real Madrid midfielder who takes up a position in the penalty area and gets on the end of a Benzema headed knock-down, smashing a half-volley past Remiro with his left! 3-1 Real Madrid!,1

Zidane makes the switch at the 67th minute, as Bale enters the fray to whistles and jeers, with Rodrygo going off to make way for him. ,0

REAL MADRID TAKE THE LEAD THROUGH VALVERDE! 2-1! Modric brings a Benzema cross down with an outstretched foot, before taking the ball outside of the penalty area and laying it off for Valverde. The midfielder takes a touch to set himself before firing a shot which deflects off of Oyarzabal, leaving Remiro rooted to the spot!,1

BENZEMA EQUALISES! 1-1! Modric swings a free-kick near the right touchline into the six-yard box for Benzema who uses his chest to knock it past Remiro! It’s an awkward finish - but a goal nonetheless, as the contact avoided the strikers’ arm! The hosts have found their equaliser!,1

WHAT A START TO THE MATCH! 1-0 SOCIEDAD! It’s a horrible pass backwards from Ramos intended for Courtois, but the centre-back passes it blindly, which allows Willian Jose intercept, before rounding the keeper and turning it in! The visitors go in front!,1

Velazquez goes in high and catches Vidal with a rash challenge, leaving the referee with no choice but to show him a yellow card.,2

GOAL! Suarez has surely won it for Barcelona! The Uruguayan pops up at the far post and latches onto a well-placed cross before poking a shot past Alberto Garcia. It's now 3-2 to Barcelona with mere minutes remaining.,1

Alberto Garcia is the latest player to receive a yellow card, with his booking coming for time wasting and dissent.,2

GOAL! Barcelona have equalised late on! They've been dominating possession over the last 10 minutes or so and have finally been rewarded for their efforts, with Dembele firing a low half-volley straight into the bottom left-hand corner of the net to make it 2-2.,1

Alba becomes the latest player to receive a yellow card, with his coming for dissent after having a little too much to say to the referee.,2

Barcelona have made a double substitution as they try to get back into the game. The first player to come on is Vidal, who replaces Arthur.,0

GOAL! What an impact by Alvaro Garcia! Mere seconds after coming on to the pitch, the substitute is able to latch on to the ball after Raul de Tomas' diving header hits the post, and he has no problems converting from close range to make it 2-1 to Rayo.,1

Raul de Tomas charges into the back of Busquets and cynically barges the midfielder off the ball, leaving the referee with no choice but to book him.,2

GOAL! Rayo have equalised! The hosts have been putting plenty of pressure on their opponents and fully deserve their goal! A curling cross isn't dealt with by the Barcelona back line, allowing Pozo to swing a beautiful strike past Ter Stegen and into the bottom right-hand corner of the net to make it 1-1.,1

Rayo try to counter-attack after successfully dealing with the corner, but Embarba is cynically tripped from behind by Lenglet and the centre-back receives a yellow card.,2

GOAL! Barcelona lead! A superb pass is fired over the top of the Rayo back line and into the path of Alba. The full-back controls the ball well and then knocks it back to Suarez, who beats Garcia with a deflected shot from six yards out.,1

Well, that didn't take long! Amat has already had his name taken by the referee after wrestling Suarez to the ground by his neck, resulting in a free kick for Barcelona in a promising position.,2

3-3!!! Finally, Brighton have their equaliser! A superb spot-kick from Mac Allister beats the brilliant Raya, as he rifles the ball into the top-right corner with an unstoppable shot! Can the Seagulls now find a winner?,1

The latest in a series of substitutions from either side sees Jensen departing the scene, to be replaced by Ghoddos.,0

Brighton now go all-in, making a double change for the final few minutes. First, Buonanotte replaces Estupinan.,0

BRENTFORD BACK IN FRONT! This remarkable see-saw game continues in the same vein! Pinnock strikes at the back post, turning the ball home with a controlled finish to meet Mbeumo's cross from a free-kick! It's now 3-2 to the Bees, who are well and truly buzzing again!,1

2-2! Brighton draw level again! On his 400th league appearance, Welbeck finds the net. March drops his shoulder on the right, then drops a perfect cross into the striker's path at the back post; he then heads it down into the ground and past Raya! Four goals in less than 30 minutes at the Amex!,1

TONEY STRIKES! Incredibly, Brentford are back in front! Having just conceded an equaliser, the visitors turn to their Mbeumo-Toney double act to go 2-1 ahead! The former flicks the ball through from the left, before Toney coolly finds the bottom-right corner with a sidefoot finish!,1

BRIGHTON DRAW LEVEL! Rewarded for their dominance, Brighton go 'route one' to equalise! Steele's long pass out from deep skips clear of Hickey and into the path of Mitoma, and the winger finishes with a tidy lob into the net, with Raya left stranded: it's 1-1 at the Amex!,1

BRENTFORD LEAD! The Bees' first real attack results in a goal! From a throw-in on the left, Jensen swings over a superb cross to the near post, which Jansson leaps highest to meet with a powerful header into the back of the net! It's 1-0 to Brentford, against the early run of play!,1

Feddal gets involved in a war of words with Costa and the referee from the sideline in the cooling break and goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! COSTA HEADS HOME FOR ATLETICO!!!! 1-0!!! Finally the home side have the breakthrough as Costa guides his header home from 10 yards out. Carrasco puts his free-kick on the money, curling his delivery into a dangerous area. Costa gets behind Bartra and plants his header away from Martin into the bottom-right corner. A precise header from the forward.,1

RED! Hermoso is given a straight red card for a lunge on Loren. It's from behind and cynical, but there was not a violent intent from the defender. ,3

Barragan gives away a free-kick for a poor challenge on Llorente. He is booked for catching the forward on the foot.,2

Guardado has to make way as well in the closing stages of the first half. Pedraza replaces him on the left flank.,0

The first change of the evening comes as Lemina replaces Reed. That feels a bit harsh on the departing midfielder as he's had a very solid game in the centre of the park for the visitors. ,0

Mac Allister is shown a yellow card after pulling back Anguissa who was marauding forward on the counter-attack for Fulham. ,2

Bissouma is booked after flying into a tackle with Cavaleiro. The Fulham players weren't happy with that one. ,2

Another double change for Liverpool here. Nunez goes off to a standing ovation from the crowd, with Elliott on to replace him.,0

Third change for Rangers now, and Colak is coming on to replace Morelos, who has struggled to get into this game.,0

And Henderson doesn't look too happy to be taken off as he hands the armband to Van Dijk. Fabinho is on for him.,0

Liverpool are making their own double change now. Jota is the first to go off, with Jota replacing him.,0

Rangers are making a double change as they look to get back into this game. Tillman is the first to go off, with Sakala on for him.,0

SALAH SCORES! He takes a long run-up to the spot, shifting right and left as he tries to catch out McGregor. Salah gets a lot of power behind the strike and sends it straight down the middle as the keeper dives to his left. 2-0 Liverpool!,1

Jota chests it down and spins away from Lundstram, who stretches out a leg to try and stop him. He clips his heels and picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2

ALEXANDER-ARNOLD SCORES! There was a lot of conversation about who was going to take the free-kick, but it's Alexander-Arnold that stepped up. It's a wonderful hit from the right-back as he lifts it over the wall and straight into the near top corner, and McGregor can't get close. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

Cancelo is the fourth Barcelona player to go into the book after stepping on Falcao's foot after losing control of the ball.,2

Lewandowski scored Barcelona's first goal inside three minutes and is now on his way off. Roque takes his place for his 13th LaLiga appearance.,0

Garcia has been one of Rayo's best players, having four shots and making three key passes. He is off for Perez.,0

GOALLLL! PEDRI SCORES AGAIN! 3-0 BARCELONA! That’s two goals in three minutes for Pedri! Araujo has possession in his own half and is not put under pressure, which gives him time to lift a long pass over the top of Rayo's defence and through to Pedri. He beats the offside trap and holds off three defenders before thumping his strike past Dimitrievski.,1

GOALLLL! 2-0 BARCELONA! The hosts score again! Joao Felix shows some unbelievable footwork to dance down the right side of the box, tricking his way past several defenders before seeing his shot from a tight angle blocked by Dimitrievski. Pedri then gets on the rebound, taking a good touch before blasting his effort on target. The ball deflects off a defender, crashing against the underside of the bar on its way in.,1

Joao Felix makes his way onto the pitch to get involved in Barcelona’s attack. He is on for Raphinha, who is on a yellow card and has been quiet since the restart.,0

Valentin is on a yellow card and is being taken off for his own protection after getting involved in a scuffle. Crespo is on.,0

De Frutos completed under 70 per cent of his passes and failed to create a chance for Rayo. He is off for Ratiu.,0

Barcelona captain Roberto is taken off before the restart. He is replaced in the midfield by Christensen.,0

Cubarsi gets the wrong side of Palazon and drags the Rayo player to the floor on the edge of the box. As a result, he goes into the book.,2

Mumin is the first Rayo player to go into the book after a late tackle on Lewandowski just inside Barcelona's half.,2

Yamal gains possession on the left and looks to go past Camello, but the forward tackles him and attempts to race forward before being pulled back. Yamal then pulls him back and is shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLLLL! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! What a start from the hosts! Yamal has possession on the right, darting inside to get the ball on his left foot before lifting a cross towards Lewandowski. He takes it down with his chest before thundering his effort into the top-left corner.,1

GOAL! 1-1 BURNLEY! Burnley level the game at the death. Wood steps up and smashes the penalty into the top right corner. Patricio had no chance.,1

GOAL! 1-0 WOLVES! And what a goal it is! Doherty's shot deflects into the path of Jimenez who volleys it spectacularly into the back of the net. It's a stunning strike worthy of winning any Premier League match. But will it?,1

Wolves substitution. Podence has blown hot and cold today. Doherty comes on for him, slotting in at right wing-back.,0

Rodriguez is replaced up front by the Czech international Vydra. It looks like Rodriguez is nursing a niggling injury.,0

Here's that forced Burnley change. Taylor's at least capable of walking off the pitch unaided. Gudmundsson comes on to replace him.,0

GOAL! KOKE SEALS IT FOR ATLETICO MADRID! 4-2! That will surely be three more points for Diego Simeone's side! A long ball down the right flank catches Cadiz out, Correa and Llorente play a neat one-two to move into the box and the former squares it for the midfielder to finish at close range. Game over.,1

Kondogbia has barely been on the pitch two minutes and he is slapped with a booking after he catches Jonsson late. This is a promising set-piece place for Cadiz, a handful of yards outside Atletico's "D" on the edge of the box.,2

Koke now cuts down Perea on the break and gets booked for his troubles too. Atletico look all at sea when forced to defend the counter-attack.,2

Vrsaljko makes a mess of a challenge out wide on Perea and gets booked for his troubles. Let's hope that doesn't spark another festival of cards here...,2

GOAL! ALVARO NEGREDO PULLS IT BACK FOR CADIZ AGAIN! 3-2! That is a scrappy finish but Cadiz won't care! A relatively innocuous cross isn't cleared as cleanly as Atletico would like and the striker scrambles a close-range effort past an incredulous Oblak at the near-left post. Game on!,1

GOAL! LUIS SUAREZ STRETCHES ATLETICO MADRID'S LEAD FROM THE PENALTY SPOT! 3-1! No mistake from the veteran striker as he steps up and firmly rolls it into the bottom-right corner. Textbook stuff.,1

GOAL! SAUL RESTORES ATLETICO MADRID'S LEAD! 2-1! That almost looked like a freak touch for the visitors, who play their corner short and push it in around the edge of the box. The midfielder flicks his leg out, presumably looking for the near-right post; instead, it arcs off over everyone's head and falls in at the top-left corner. Sterling stuff!,1

There are yellow cards flying here! This time it is Joao Felix who picks up the booking, for squaring up to a linesman after a call for a foul goes against him. Stupid from the Atletico man.,2

Now Izquierdo puts Llorente into orbit with a challenge and sees yellow too. This has got a bit feisty after it was pulled back to level terms.,2

Torreira drags his foot across Negredo in a rather sharp challenge now and gets booked for his troubles. The Cadiz man helped with a suitable leap to convince the referee there.,2

GOAL! ALVARO NEGREDO LEVELS FOR CADIZ WITH A BEAUTY! 1-1! That is a barnstormer of a curled finish from the striker! He is released into the box on the right edge, dinks back around Lemar and swings an absolute peach across the face of goal to beat Oblak at the far post. Superb stuff!,1

GOAL! LUIS SUAREZ PUTS ATLETICO MADRID IN FRONT! 1-0! That is a beauty of a free-kick from the veteran striker! He curls it straight over the wall and in at the near-left post despite Ledesma's outstretched diving attempt to stop it. First blood to the visitors.,1

Moncayola is the next Osasuna player to be withdrawn, and Kike Barja enters the fray in place of him.,0

Martin nips in ahead of Sanchez to win the ball, but catches the Osasuna defender in the process and is yellow carded.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLL!!!!! Finally a breakthrough for Atleti!!!! Martin's first involvement is to win a corner, and from the Carrasco ball in, Felipe rises higher than the rest at the front post, and heads the ball past Herrera into an empty net!!!! He's happy with that one, and so are the home fans, as they lead 1-0!!!!,1

David García clashes with Suarez in the air, fouls the Atleti substitute, and is booked for his troubles.,2

Griezmann couldn't find that elsuvie opening goal, and Matheus Cunha is on in his place to hopefully do just that.,0

Diego Simeone wants more attacking firepower up front for his side, so who better to introduce than Luis Suarez? The Uruguayan comes on for Correa.,0

Griezmann is booked for colliding with Osasuna keeper Herrera, who is still down and being given treatment.,2

GOAL! It's five! Choupo-Moting gets amongst the goals now after only being on the pitch for a few minutes! Bayern kept up the pressure in the final third and the ball came out to Pavard down the right wing, who whips a cross into the box, which is met by the head of Choupo-Moting, who powers it into the back of the net.,1

Here are the Bayern changes, with the first seeing Lewandowski head off, so there will be no hat-trick for him today and Choupo-Moting is his replacement.,0

GOAL! What a strike from Sane to make it 4-0! The winger looked to whip a cross into the penalty area for Lewandowski from the left wing, but it ends it flying straight towards goal, catching Bushchan out and the keeper can’t stop it from heading in. Sane certainly didn’t mean that, but he won’t care one bit!,1

Dynamo make a double substitution of their own, with Harmash the first to come off and he has been replaced by Supryaha.,0

GOAL! Bayern finally have their third goal as Gnabry makes it 3-0! Dynamo had been on the attack at the other end of the pitch, but they lose the ball and Bayern counter incredibly quickly. Sane breaks forward and lays it out to Gnabry, who sprints into the penalty area and only has Bushchan to beat, firing it into the top right corner of the net. It clips the crossbar and then bounces down over the line.,1

Dynamo have made a double substitution ahead of the second half, with Tymchyk one of those to come off and he has been replaced by Kedziora.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Tymchyk after he trips up Sane down the left wing, after the Bayern man skipped past him and looked to break into the box.,2

GOAL! Lewandowski has his second of the game and makes it 2-0! They attack with pace and catch Dynamo out at the back, with Muller playing an excellent ball through to Lewandowski who is just inside the penalty area and he fires an effort into the bottom right corner of the net. Lovely move and finish.,1

GOAL! Lewandowski converts from the penalty spot and sends Bayern ahead after 12 minutes! Sydorchuk gave away the penalty after a handball in the box and Lewandowski coolly stepped up to send Bushchan the wrong way and fire the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

GOAL! WATFORD 0-5 LIVERPOOL! Firmino gets his hat-trick with pretty much the last kick of the game! Williams enters the box and flings the ball towards the far post. The Brazilian is there again inside the six-yard box to poke it into the net unmarked.,1

Liverpool decide to give their flying full-backs a rest with the game well won at this point. Tsimikas replaces Robertson first.,0

Watford make another change. Their focus now has to be on stopping Liverpool scoring more. Ngakia replaces the ineffectual Femenia at right-back.,0

GOAL! WATFORD 0-4 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool are running riot now as Salah gets his goal! It's a delicious one too as the Egyptian receives the ball from Firmino in Watford's box, beats three defenders and swishes it into the far bottom corner. Watford are heading for a heavy defeat.,1

GOAL! WATFORD 0-3 LIVERPOOL! Liverpool counter quickly and Cathcart slides in to prevent Salah from reaching Robertson's cross. The Watford centre-back is lucky not to concede an own-goal as Foster saves, only for Firmino to tap in the rebound.,1

Watford make a substitution during the break. Cleverley replaces Masina. Ranieri's attempt to stop Salah in the first half clearly didn't work.,0

GOAL! WATFORD 0-2 LIVERPOOL! Watford have improved but Liverpool are still better. Mane finds Milner on the overlap down Liverpool's left. The midfielder rolls the ball across for Firmino who taps into an empty net thanks to Salah's dummy run.,1

GOAL! WATFORD 0-1 LIVERPOOL! That didn't take long. Liverpool win the second ball from Foster's ball upfield and Salah plays a beautiful cross towards the centre with the outside of his left foot. Mane latches onto it and slots calmly past Foster.,1

Bakker has had a much-improved game at left-back but commits early to a challenge on Ndoye and misses the ball. He is booked.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! MARQUINHOS! Now PSG have their third! 3-0! Di Maria delivers a wonderful right-wing free-kick and, with the Nice players static at the far post, three PSG players dart towards the front of the box. Marquinhos gets the slightest touch and Benitez is beaten.,1

Atal appears to pull up and hold his hamstring as he pursues Mbappe and is immediately withdrawn. Daniliuc joins the fold for an increasingly threadbare Nice.,0

Nice make their first change. Sylvestre replaces Thuram, who made a bright start but conceded the penalty.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! DI MARIA! It's 2-0 PSG! This goal owes everything to more fine work from Mbappe. He drives towards goal from the halfway line on the left, ignoring the attention of four Nice defenders. A shot from inside the area is only parried by Benitez, allowing Di Maria to slam in the rebound.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! MBAPPE! The forward is back in the side and back among the goals for another campaign! It's 1-0 PSG! Benitez dives low towards the right side as Mbappe finishes high to the left. Great penalty.,1

Zaha tries to turn Doherty and gets the legs taken out from underneath him. It’s a late yellow card for the Tottenham full-back.,2

Kane gets an early rest after involving himself in four goals today. Vinicius gets a chance to impress. ,0

KANE GETS HIS SECOND GOAL TO ADD TO HIS TWO ASSISTS! Lamela plays a fantastic chipped pass into the penalty area which goes over the head of Ward for Son - who immediately volleys a pass across the face of the six-yard box for Kane. The captain puts his header into the ground awkwardly, but a friendly bounce gets it over the line comfortably! 4-1!,1

A Palace switch with just over 15 minutes remaining sees Benteke - who scored the goal - replaced by Mateta.,0

Bale's match comes to an end with 20 minutes remaining in the contest. He's been fantastic today, netting twice and causing real havoc on the wing. Lamela is the man to replace him. ,0

Crystal Palace make their second change of the game, replacing former Tottenham player Townsend with Schlupp.,0

KANE MAKES IT THREE! TOTTENHAM ARE RAMPANT! It’s a sublime strike from Kane, who receives a pass from Doherty well outside the penalty area near the right corner and uses his right foot to sweep an incredible first-time finish past the goalkeeper! 3-1 to Spurs!,1

BALE GETS HIS DOUBLE! 2-1 SPURS! The same combination that paid off the first time works again as Reguilon fires a cross into the far post for Kane, who nods it across the six-yard box. Bale is again waiting, but this time he uses his head - getting in front of Kouyate and beating Guaita high!,1

BENTEKE MAKES IT 1-1 OUT OF NOWHERE! Completely against the run of play, Crystal Palace find the equaliser just moments before the end of the first half! Milivojevic is allowed time and space on the left wing, with which he puts a delicious cross towards the penalty spot. In between two defenders, Benteke rises highest and powers his header high into the roof of the net!,1

Lucas goes on a slaloming run through midfield and gets taken down from behind by Cahill right on the edge of the penalty area. It’s a yellow card for the centre-back, who gives Tottenham a real chance from a set-piece. ,2

Frustration gets the better of Ayew, who tugs Bale down in midfield to prevent the Real Madrid loanee from venturing forward on a counter-attack. It's a yellow card for the Crystal Palace forward. ,2

BALE BACK ON THE SCORE SHEET! It’s as simple a goal as he’ll ever score, tapping Kane’s square pass into the corner of an empty net after Lucas was able to poke possession away from Milivojevic on the edge of Palace’s 18-yard box! Spurs have the lead! 1-0!,1

Fresneda, who has been linked with a move away from Valladolid, replaces Luis Perez down the right flank.,0

Simeone takes no chances with Llorente as the midfielder leaves the field. De Paul enters the action.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! HERMOSO PUTS IN A THIRD!!!!!!! 3-0 ATLETICO!!!! Everything Atletico touches is finding the net in the final third as Hermoso scores with a great instinctive finish on the rebound. Griezmann clips a free-kick into the middle for for Hermoso to attack and he directs his header at goal. Masip makes the stop with his feet, but Hermoso sticks out a leg to steer the ball home on the second effort.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GRIEZMANN DOUBLES ATLETICO'S LEAD!!!!!! 2-0!!!!!! Griezmann scores with a backheel now! The Frenchman is on fire in the final third as he makes a run to the near post and steers Molina's cross into the top-right corner with his right boot. Atletico are in complete control now.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MORATA PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!! Morata finishes with composure following a brilliant backheel from Griezmann. Griezmann flicks the ball around the corner from Koke's offload, allowing Morata to race on to the throughball and beat the challenge of Torres by turning back. He has space and time to finish and duly drills his strike past Masip. A brilliant team goal.,1

GOALLL!!! 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! NDIAYE!! Ndiaye breaks the deadlock for Sheffield United! He dribbles between two players before shooting past Dier and Forster at the near post, leaving the goalkeeper helpless. What a goal!,1

Gylfi Sigurdsson arrives as the latest reinforcement for the Toffees, taking the spot of Richarlison - who looks less than impressed to be making way at this crucial stage.,0

Now Everton throw on a fresh face to offer a response - and it will be Tom Davies, slotting into central midfield while Rodriguez makes way.,0

GOAL! RUBEN LOFTUS-CHEEK PULLS FULHAM RIGHT BACK INTO THIS GAME! 3-2! That's definitely buried in the net this time! The substitute has been the engine of change since his arrival and finds the response needed by Scott Parker. Lookman, so quiet all day, finally makes the run he's been looking for down the right and pulls it back to the Chelsea loanee. His immediate trigger-kick takes a bounce off Mina's heel and sails past Pickford. Game on!,1

Fulham can't believe they have burned that chance. Andre-Frank Zambo Anguissa is on for Lemina, in their latest role of the dice.,0

With just over a third of the game to go - and two goals to find - Aleksandar Mitrovic has entered the fray, replacing Cairney for Fulham.,0

Robinson gets into a tussle with Iwobi and is duly booked for his efforts. The former Arsenal man has been on excellent form today.,2

GOAL! ABDOULAYE DOUCOURE MAKES IT THREE FOR EVERTON! 3-1! There are acres of space for the midfielder there, afforded such a huge gap to find himself in. It's a near carbon-copy buildup to that of Calvert-Lewin's second, down to Digne with the ball in - and this time, with no defender near him, the Frenchman powers a header home into the top-right corner.,1

Decordova-Reid is shown a yellow card in the celebrations here, for an early challenge on Richarlison in the build-up. He'll have to watch his step now.,2

GOAL! DOMINIC CALVERT-LEWIN BAGS A BRACE TO PUT EVERTON BACK IN FRONT! 2-1! That is a sensational team goal from the Toffees! Iwobi is the man who breaks down the right wing and his cut-back pass finds Rodriguez on the lip of the box. The Colombia star drifts it out to Digne on the left flank and the defender slams it back in to the England man who buries it at close-range. Marvelous stuff!,1

GOAL! BOBBY DECORDOVA-REID LEVELS THINGS FOR FULHAM! That's a soft goal to concede from an Everton point of view but it's a very tidy finish from the striker! Cairney threads a ball through between a clutch of defenders, and his attacker latches straight onto it on the right edge, beating out the last man before squeezing a low effort into the far corner past Pickford. We're all square inside the first quarter-hour again.,1

GOAL! DOMINIC CALVERT-LEWIN HANDS EVERTON THE LEAD INSIDE A MINUTE! It's a simple tap-in for the England attacker and it comes from a poor attempt to play out from the back by the hosts. Decordova-Reid surrenders possession to Richarlison and with almost his first touch of the game, the Brazil man cuts into the left edge of the box and squares a delivery in for his strike partner to simply bundle in at close-range. First blood to the Toffees.,1

Luiz's peach of a cross into the box resulted in the goal which currently separates the two sides, and the all-action Brazil midfielder is replaced by Leander Dendoncker.,0

Caleta-Car is also brought off in an attacking change, and can Moussa Djenepo, who scored a beauty to knock Manchester City out of the EFL Cup, provide something similar late in this game?,0

Armstrong has been once of Saints' brightest sparks so far, but comes off now for the club's new Croatian signing, Mislav Orsic.,0

Moreno is beaten on the spin by Walker-Peters, and proceeds to drag the Saints full-back down by his shirt, picking up the most textbook of textbook yellow cards that you'll ever see.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! Villa get the breakthrough!!! Mara concedes a free-kick which is whipped in with venom by Luiz, and Watkins ghosts ahead of his marker to bury a superb downward header in the bottom corner, and the Villa fans behind that very goal go crazy! 1-0 to Villa after Saints have twice been denied an opener, and with less than 15 to go, can they hold on?,1

Luiz is shown a yellow card for dissent, having been the most vocal of the Villa players who surrounded the referee upon the ball hitting the net.,2

Edozie has been really impressive in this game, but his afternoon is cut short by the introduction of Romain Perraud.,0

Saints boss Jones makes a triple change on the hour mark, with Adams first off for Sekou Mara to replace him up front.,0

Lyanco flies forward looking to press Villa back towards their own goal, but he follows through with a challenge which catches Mings very late, and the Saints defender receives the first yellow card of the game.,2

DIMARCO!!! 1-0 INTER! What a strike! A corner is only cleared to the edge of the box, where Dimarco sends a beautiful first-time volley flying into the top corner.,1

Pezzella remonstrates with the referee having felt a free-kick should have gone Empoli's way. He is booked for his troubles.,2

Lennon clatters recklessly into Mount and it's a very poor challenge by the Burnley winger. It's just a yellow, however.,2

GOAL!! HUDSON-ODOI MAKES IT 3-0! Azpilicueta whips a cross in towards the back post and Hudson-Odoi arrives to steer in Chelsea's third! Surely that's game over now.,1

GOAL!! ABRAHAM MAKES IT 2-0! James crosses from the right and Abraham meets it unmarked in the box. His header is fairly central, but Pope hesitates as Mee sprints back next to him to try and block it and the two end up getting in each other's way, allowing the ball to bounce in! Chelsea double their lead and Burnley only have themselves to blame again.,1

GOAL!! CHELSEA TAKE THE LEAD! Jorginho puts his penalty away in trademark style, waiting to see where the goalkeeper was going before placing it in the opposite corner.,1

GOOOOAL! 5-0! Inter strike again! Nainggolan marks his return from injury in style by heading Joao Mario's inviting cross beyond the reach of the diving Radu.,1

GOOOOOAL! 4-0! Joao Mario caps off a superb match on a personal level by driving home a fine finish from just inside the area, adding to his two assists from the first half.,1

Third and final change for Inter as Brozovic makes way for Nainggolan to make his return from injury.,0

Genoa also make a change with Sandro, who was carrying a yellow card, making way for the introduction of Veloso.,0

Genoa, as expected, make a change in attack as Piatek replaces Pandev. However, it may now be a case of too little too late.,0

GOOOOAL! 3-0! Gagliardini gets his second of the game! Perisic stabs an effort at goal following a long throw but Radu makes a strong save. However, it fell kindly to Gagliardini and he smashes home.,1

Sandro pulls back the arm of Handanovic as the goalkeeper tried to throw the ball forward and earns a booking.,2

Genoa are now under real pressure and it is starting to show, with Gunter picking up a booking for a foul on Gagliardini.,2

GOOOAL! 2-0 Inter! A quickfire double from the hosts! Joao Mario feeds an inviting pass through to Politano, who charges through one-on-one with Radu and calmly tucks home.,1

GOOOAL! 1-0 Inter! Woeful defending from Genoa opens the door for the hosts who take advantage. Possession is sloppily conceded and pounced upon by Martinez, who touches a pass to Joao Mario and he cannot get a shot away but the ball kindly falls for Gagliardini to tuck home. A quick VAR check is made and the goal stands.,1

An early booking for D'Ambrosio as he hauls Bessa to ground in midfield, halting Genoa's charge forward.,2

Fati chases Ceballos down as he was trying to knock it back to Courtois. They both jump back to their feet and there's pushing and shoving. Ceballos is booked.,2

KESSIE SCORES! And that might do it for Barcelona! It's a wonderful backheel from Lewandowski out to Balde in space down the left, and it takes Militao out of the game. He pulls it back for Kessie, who is hovering on the far side of the box. He takes it first time, sidefooting it past Rudiger and into the bottom corner. 2-1 Barca!,1

Final roll of the dice for Barca to get a winner as we head into five minutes of stoppage time. Fati is on in place of Gavi.,0

Asensio was getting away from Balde, so he wrapped his arms around his middle to stop the run. He picks up a late yellow card.,2

While we continue to wait for the VAR to check the offside on Asensio's goal, Barcelona are making a change. Torres is coming on in place of Raphinha.,0

Barcelona are also using the opportunity to make their first change as Kessie comes on for the goalscorer, Roberto.,0

Madrid are making a triple change here. Camavinga is the first to go off, with Tchouameni replacing him.,0

Modric kicks out at the back of Gavi to stop him from breaking on the counter, and he can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

Courtois palms away Raphinha's cross and it sets Modric on the counter. Roberto knows he's getting away and wrestles him to the ground, earning a yellow card.,2

Madrid are making a double change as they try to gain some control in this game. Kroos is the first to go off, with Rodrygo replacing him.,0

ROBERTO EQUALISES! Raphinha completely missed the ball as he swung for a volley, but Barcelona keep it alive. Araujo's cross pinballs around the box, Camavinga clears it as far as Raphinha, who sees his shot blocked by the sprawling Rudiger. When it falls to Roberto, he makes no mistake, firing it into the near post. 1-1!,1

Raphina is getting nowhere near the ball as he tries to kick around Kroos, bringing him down. He goes into the referee's book.,2

It's a clumsy one from Nacho, who is late as he scrapes his studs down the back of Araujo's foot. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOAALLLLLLL!! PULISIC MAKES IT 4-0!! Abraham squares it to Pulisic in the box and the American turns and squeezes a shot through the legs of Safonov who will be desparate for this game to end. 4-0!,1

ZIYECH MAKES IT THREE! Pulisic and Werner link up well before the German feeds Ziyech in the box. He still has plenty to do but gets the ball out of his feet and fires a shot into the bottom corner. Game over. 3-0!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLLL! With Jorginho off, up steps Werner who makes no mistake, blasting it past Safonov to double the Chelsea lead. 2-0!,1

GOOOAAAAALLLL! 1-0 CHELSEA! Ziyech fires the ball in to Havertz who feeds Hudson-Odoi on the left. The Englishman cuts in and fires a low shot that somehow squirms under Safonov and into the net. He won't want to see that one back. Chelsea will be delighted. VAR is checking but it looks fine. ,1

Sociedad are making a double change now. Januzaj is a frustrated figure when his number is shown on the board, and Portu replaces him.,0

Madrid are making their second change now. Casemiro takes a long time to get himself off the pitch before Camavinga comes on in his place.,0

There's a double change for Sociedad here. Guevara is the first to go off, with Turrientes on for him.,0

Januzaj went to ground under pressure from Casemiro, but there was little contact from the Brazilian. He thinks he should've had a free-kick and he ends up getting booked for dissent.,2

JOVIC SCORES! The corner comes in from Kroos and Casemiro rises highest to nod it towards goal. Jovic stays onside as he follows it in and stoops low to get his head on it and send it past Remiro, who had rushed off his line to try and collect. 2-0 Madrid! ,1

VINICIUS SCORES! What a start to the second half by Madrid! Vinicius drives down the left before touching the ball into Jovic in the box. He does well to hold off the Sociedad defenders to cushion it back into Vinicius' path, and he smartly slots it into the near bottom corner. 1-0 Madrid! ,1

Zubeldia sticks out a leg to trip Vinicius and stop Madrid's counter which earns him the first yellow card of the game.,2

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! It's from a free-kick on the right and he drifts back into the middle of the box. He rises above his defender and heads the ball past Lopes and into the back of the net for his 55th goal of the season. 3-0 Bayern!,1

Mendes catches Kimmich in the back with a high boot after he clears the ball and is booked for the challenge.,2

There's another change for Lyon now and it's Dembele, who scored twice after coming on against City, coming on for Depay.,0

Marcelo picks up the first booking after the game after catching Lewandowski in the face after trying to stop his run off the ball.,2

GNABRY HAS A SECOND! Perisic's cross is through Denayer's legs and Lewandowski misses the ball first time as he slides in but gets it on target the second. Lopes pushes it away to Gnabry and he scores an easy tap-in to double their lead. 2-0 Bayern! ,1

BAYERN LEAD! Just seconds after Lyon hit the post, Gnabry scores a wonderful goal! He picks it up on the right wing and drives inside, past four Lyon defenders, before firing his shot past Lopes and into the top-left corner from outside the box. 1-0 Bayern! ,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! THAT WILL DO IT!! RIQUELME MAKES IT FOUR! 4-2 TO ATLETICO! Madrid have pushed and pushed, but they are caught on the counter, and Atleti are clinical. Depay and Riquelme are two-on-one against Tchouameni, with the latter wisely providing an overlap, receiving the pass from his team-mate and firing into the far corner. Simeone races away down the touchline in celebration.,1

Azpilicueta has not long been on the pitch but has sustained an injury, clearly struggling as he hobbles to the touchline to be replaced by Savic.,0

Now the tackles are flying in! Bellingham is left in a heap, then Vinicius runs into a crowd of four Atletico players. One of them is Witsel, who appears to delight in the opportunity to halt the winger, grinning as he is booked for the foul.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! GRIEZMANN!! WHAT A GOAL! 3-2! Stunning! Griezmann made history with his goal against Madrid last week, but this one might prove even more special if it is the winner. He isolates Vinicius on the wing and breezes by his fellow attacker, cutting inside from the byline to create just enough of an angle, then rifling high past Lunin into the far corner. It is a goal that deserves to win a game of this calibre... but will it?,1

Carvajal clips the heels of De Paul, who may not get to the ball on the left side anyway, and gets the latest Madrid yellow.,2

Now Bellingham is booked, despite appearing to be the man fouled as he lays the ball off to Vinicius. The Madrid man has a disbelieving shake of his head as he picks himself up.,2

Tchouameni thunders into a challenge on the right touchline, doing little to slow the tempo of the match and picking up a yellow card.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! JOSELU! JUST OFF THE BENCH! 2-2! Vinicius plays a cute pass through to Bellingham in the box, and the England midfielder calmly opts against going for goal and instead picks out Joselu with a sublime cross. The forward stoops to head into an unguarded goal, having an instant impact!,1

De Paul earns a blatant yellow card after dragging down Diaz, who is suddenly at the centre of the action.,2

Tchouameni was dropped for this match but returns to the fray, replacing Valverde as Madrid look for something different in the middle.,0

Diaz goes into the book seconds after arriving from the bench. He is fouled, surrounded by three Atletico players, and appears to be the subject of further attention before he is even able to get back to his feet. The Madrid man responds in kind and is carded.,2

Hermoso is also booked for his role in the tussle with Diaz, perhaps more deserving of a card than his felled opponent.,2

Morata is booked for his celebration, with the Atletico players clearly pumped up having again profited on unconvincing defending.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! MORATA! 2-1 TO ATLETICO! The third goal in this game is as calamitous as the second! Morata will not care as he is given a simple tap-in. The ball deflects off Camavinga and passes right through the middle of the box, reaching a diving Lunin, who looks to have misjudged the bounce and parries the ball into the shins of Rudiger. Those two were perhaps at fault for the opener, and this time Morata has the easiest of tasks with both Madrid men grounded and the ball inches from the goal line.,1

Clearly on the back foot, Diego Simeone seeks to change something by introducing Molina in place of Saul, likely meaning a new role for Llorente.,0

Camavinga is the second Madrid man to go into the book after showing his frustration with the referee. Play is pulled back when Camavinga shrugs off Llorente and appears to catch him in the face. The penalised player sarcastically applauds the official and is shown a yellow card.,2

The temperature is starting to rise, and Vinicius is the first man in the book. He is carded for dissent, refusing to leave the referee alone as the Madrid players fume following Morata's foul on Mendy.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! LINO! 1-0 TO ATLETICO! Against the run of play, the hosts are ahead! Lino has perhaps been the one bright spark for Atletico, although he gets a little help from the visitors. De Paul's hopeful cross only reaches Rudiger, but his header nudges the ball on rather than away. Lino is there ahead of Carvajal and, crucially, Lunin, who delays and can only watch as a first-time finish finds the bottom-right corner.,1

Incredible!!! The visitors have won it at the death! Having just seen their opponents go close and hit the bar, Spezia go up the other end and nick all three points. A defensive mix-up allows Kovalenko to send a cross over to Gyasi, who slots it past Maignan to make it 2-1 and surely win the game.,1

It's 1-1! The visitors have just grown into the game in recent minutes and now find themselves level after Verde finds Agudelo with a brilliant low cross. The substitute makes no mistake with his effort, sending it past Maignan into the back of the net.,1

Leao makes it 1-0! After going close on numerous occasions, he finally puts his side in front after latching onto a long through ball that had been sliced towards his own goal by Nikolaou. He gets to it before the keeper and toes it over him into the net.,1

Kiwior drags back Diaz as the Milan man skipped past him, earning him a place in referee Marco Serra's book.,2

There'll be five minutes added onto the end of this game, largely from the delay before Ramos' successful penalty. Messi is booked for dissent. The Barca captain is not happy with his side's performance, nor should he be.,2

GOAL! BARCELONA 1-3 REAL MADRID! Modric seals the win for Madrid! Neto races out of his goal to prevent Rodrygo from scoring but spills the ball. Modric latches onto it, calmly takes a touch and guides it into the empty net.,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 1-2 REAL MADRID! Madrid's captain Ramos steps up and sneaks the penalty underneath the despairing dive of Neto! Barca are playing catch up again!,1

Alba is booked for saying a little too much to the referee. Ramos is preparing to take the penalty kick...,2

Nacho is next to be booked for bringing down Coutinho as the Brazilian cuts inside from the left flank. Barca don't achieve anything with the free-kick.,2

Casemiro is booked for clipping at Messi just as he shot there. The Argentine managed to skip over it to get the effort away but it's still a yellow card offence.,2

GOAL! BARCELONA 1-1 REAL MADRID! Barca answer back straight away! Alba beats the offside trap and races down the left flank. The left-back crosses low for Fati in the box who only needs to tap it home!,1

GOAL! BARCELONA 0-1 REAL MADRID! It's a dream start for Madrid! Benzema slips a delicate pass through to Valverde who takes a touch in the box and smashes it past Neto. ,1

Vitolo is brought down by Carrico, and the Sevilla defender becomes the 12th player booked by Lahoz in this hotly-contested match.,2

A moment for Salvatierra to savour there, as he makes his senior bow by replacing Ben Yedder in these closing moments.,0

Savic also gets himself in the referee's book for his part in reacting to the opposition's protests at Lahoz.,2

Handbags at the Ramon Sanchez-Pijuan, as the Sevilla players react furiously to Thomas bringing Navas down with a vicious challenge. Thomas gets himself booked, but the hosts will feel that further punishment should have been awarded.,2

Gnagnon, who has been a rock at the back, earns himself a standing ovation from the home crowd and comes off for Amadou.,0

The combative Sarabia, impressive in the first half but faded away as the second wore on, is replaced by the pacy Promes in Machin's first substitution of the game.,0

The card count keeps racking up for Los Colchoneros, as skipper Godin is penalised for bringing down Silva.,2

Vitolo goes down after Banega brings him down from behind, and the card count for both sides is now tied again after the Sevilla midfielder picks up his team’s third booking.,2

The Ramon Sanchez-Pijuan comes alive with the sound of jeers as ex-Sevilla man Vitolo comes on for Lemar in the game’s first substitution.,0

Griezmann catches Gnagnon with a stray arm as they both challenge for the ball in the air, and Lahoz has no hesitation in booking the Atletico forward.,2

Sarabia is fouled by Saul, and the referee has no choice but to book the Atletico left-back. It's now two bookings apiece for each side.,2

Both Koke and Sarabia are down after the latter makes a clumsy late challenge on the former, and Lahoz makes no hesitation in awarding the Sevilla player a yellow card.,2

Navas picks up his side's first booking of the match for dissent towards the referee on the stroke of half-time.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!! ATLETICO ARE BACK IN IT! Thomas is fouled by Carrico in dangerous free-kick territory after he is able to jink past Banega, and Griezmann is able to curl in a peach of a set-piece over the wall and past an outstretched Vaclik who had no chance! It’s now 1-1 with half-time beckoning!,1

GOOOAAALLLL!! SEVILLA FINALLY LEAD! Atletico fail to deal with the immediate danger facing them and Ben Yedder is able to take advantage of the chaos in Los Colchoneros’ box after being released by Carrico with the cutest of passes, the forward making no mistake from six yards out. 1-0 to Sevilla, and the home fans are rocking!,1

Correa gets the game’s first booking for protesting at the referee after he had fouled Banega in the Sevilla half.,2

A second Napoli change as Zielinski goes off to be replaced by Allan, who is another previous mainstay who has fallen out of favour under Gattuso.,0

This substitution is certainly an interesting one, as Gattuso introduces Politano – who is on loan from Inter – comes on in place of Callejon. He had been frozen out under Conte this season and will be determined to show Inter what they are missing in the last 10 minutes.,0

Here comes Eriksen. Conte has blinked first, bringing on the Denmark international in place of Sensi, who has been unable to exert any major influence over this match.,0

GOOOALLLL! NAPOLI TAKE THE LEAD! What a goal by Fabian – it truly is out of the highest order as the Spaniard picks out the top-left corner with a superb strike from the edge of the area after Napoli had countered. The move looked to have broken down, but the midfielder has produced a moment of magic. It’s 1-0 to the visitors!,1

Poor from Manolas who, having recklessly conceded possession, then scythes down Martinez in an attempt to make up for his error. He receives a booking and, in the process, hands Inter a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Conte has made a change at the break. Skriniar, who picked up an early booking, has made way for D’Ambroiso. Perhaps the coach is just been cautious or maybe he believes D’Ambroisio can offer more going forward.,0

Inter have started on the front foot, working it forward patiently, with Moses almost getting in down the right, though Napoli cleared their lines. Skriniar is forced to cover and, in the process, clatters into Elmas, who stays down and needs treatment. Inter's centre-back, meanwhile, has picked up an early caution.,2

The latest frustrated Bayern player to be booked is Pavard, who shoves Kramer to the turf and then gets involved in some jostling.,2

BAYERN PULL LEVEL! Finally, the hosts find a way past Sommer, as Sane receives the ball from Musiala inside the box, turns and swipes the ball home with a precise strike into the bottom corner! It's now 1-1, and everything's still to play for at the Allianz Arena!,1

After being felled by Kone en route to the Gladbach area, Sane is enraged by the referee's refusal to award a free-kick and his angry protests earn him a booking.,2

Nagelsmann has seen enough and makes a double change in search of an overdue goal. Recently booked, Sabitzer is replaced by Musiala in midfield.,0

Frustration boils over for Kimmich, as a clear show of dissent towards the referee is punished by a yellow card.,2

GLADBACH LEAD! From nowhere, with their first attempt on goal, the visitors seize the advantage! Thuram latches onto a volleyed clearance up from the back, after Upamecano errs on the halfway line, then shows great composure to hold off two defenders and roll the ball coolly past Neuer for the opening goal!,1

Tracking back to help out in defence, Plea overstretches in a bid to stop Coman's relentless progress down the right and hacks down his man. That'll be the first yellow card.,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 4-0 BRENTFORD! Villa are rampant! Watkins reaches Bailey's left-wing cross to fire twice against Raya at the far post. The Englishman won't be denied though and finishes at the third time of asking!,1

Onyeka also doesn't make it back onto the pitch for the second half. Dasilva replaces him in midfield for Brentford.,0

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 3-0 BRENTFORD! Ings makes it three for Villa in the space of 15 minutes, smashing his penalty down the middle to beat Raya and nab his second goal of the game. It feels as though Brentford are down and out already.,1

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 2-0 BRENTFORD! Villa look like a rejuvenated team! Young plays a defence-splitting pass into the inside-left channel for Bailey to run onto. The Jamaican squares the ball for Ings, who fires in from close range!,1

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 1-0 BRENTFORD! What a start by Villa! The hosts force an early corner down their left as Buendia's shot from outside the box gets blocked. They take it short, and Bailey sweeps Luiz's cutback from the byline into the net!,1

Young is booked for dissent after doubting the extent of Soares' injury. The full-back is back on the pitch now.,2

The talented teenager Greenwood comes on for McTominay. Will he give United the flair they need to break down Southampton?,0

Southampton use their final change to shore up their defence after Danso's red card. Yoshida comes on for Ings.,0

RED CARD FOR SOUTHAMPTON! Danso picks up his second yellow for scything down McTominay. That was spectacularly stupid. United may have a chance to regain control of this game.,3

Now Matic comes on for Mata, who's been one of United's brighter sparks today. Maybe Solskjaer thinks United need more solidity at the base of midfield.,0

Southampton make the first change of the game. Adams is replaced up front by Long. They sense this game is winnable.,0

GOAL! 1-1 SOUTHAMPTON! Ings forces De Gea into a save from a corner conceded by Lindelof but United can't fully clear their lines. Boufal drifts a cross back in towards the far post and Vestergaard rises high to nod it into the net!,1

GOAL! 1-0 UNITED! McTominay goes on a run through midfield and feeds James wide left. Mata offers James the overlap but the winger doesn't need him as he cuts in and swerves a shot into the far top corner.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! LIVERPOOL GO 2-1 UP AND SURELY STEAL IT AT THE DEATH! The Reds are in dreamland as Nunez doubles his account with a deadly finish past Pope. Salah played the initial pass down the right-hand side for the substitute, who took his time before slotting into the far corner.,1

Botman, seemingly struggling with his right ankle, limps off to a rapturous applause as Targett comes on his place.,0

Nunez goes into the referee's book after foolishly kicking the ball away to stop Newcastle taking a quick free-kick.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! LIVERPOOL EQUALISE TO MAKE IT 1-1! Down to 10 men and a goal behind, the Reds somehow find a way back through Nunez. Botman makes a mess as the ball ricochets off his back on Newcastle's left-hand side before the Uruguay striker races into the area and drills a low right-footed drive into the bottom-left corner.,1

With Klopp short of options at the back, 20-year-old Quansah comes on for his Liverpool debut, replacing Matip.,0

After a hectic passage of the game, Howe finally gets to make his changes. The first of which sees Isak replaced by Wilson.,0

Trippier smashes through the back of Mac Allister with a late challenge and goes into the referee's book.,2

Diaz is the Liverpool player sacrificed to bring on another defender after Van Dijk’s dismissal. Gomez comes on at centre-back.,0

RED CARD FOR VAN DIJK! Liverpool can’t believe their luck as the centre-back is shown a straight red card. The Netherlands defender brings down Isak, who was looking to burst onto a Gordon throughball. Referee Brooks dismisses Van Dijk straight away as the Newcastle striker was through on goal without the challenge.,3

GOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! Alexander-Arnold will not want to see this one again. The Liverpool right-back fails to control a simple pass back from Salah, allowing Gordon to race through on goal. The Newcastle winger makes no mistake, sliding a right-footed finish through the legs of Alisson to open the scoring. The former Everton man comes back to haunt Liverpool!,1

As per the new directive for match officials, referee Brooks has no choice but to caution Alexander-Arnold after the right-back foolishly throws the ball away. A petulant act is punished immediately.,2

NDombele, whose combative midfield display earns him a standing ovation from the home faithful, comes off for Cheikh in Genesio's last change of the match.,0

That card was Roberto's last contribution of the game, as Vidal is brought on to bring some attacking impetus to a Barca midfield stifled by some brilliant defending by their hosts.,0

Genesio also makes his first substitution of the match, taking Traore off and replacing him with Tousart as he looks to tighten things up in midfield.,0

Valverde makes the first change of the match, bringing Coutinho on to replace Ousmane Dembele whose second half didn’t match the display of the first.,0

Dubois becomes the second Lyon player booked by Cakir following an unnecessary barge on Suarez near the touchline.,2

Cakir has no choice to book Aouar following his foul on Messi as the latter was through on goal after taking advantage of some sloppy play from the Lyon midfielder. Barca now have a free-kick in dangerous territory with Suarez and Messi standing over the ball.,2

Red card for Kang-In Lee! The referee reviews the footage and decides to show the substitute a straight red.,3

VALENCIA EQUALISE! 1-1! Valencia win a free-kick 25 yards from goal and Parejo confidently steps up to curl a stunning strike over the wall and into the top corner beyond the despairing Oblak!,1

Torres makes way for Soler as Valencia search for a little more quality in the final third to match Parejo's build-up play. ,0

Morata is replaced by Llorente in a move signalling that Joao Felix will switch from the wing to a position up top next to Costa. ,0

French striker, Gameiro, replaces the midfielder Kondogbia as Valencia commit more men forward in search of an equaliser.  ,0

Joao Felix is booked for a cynical tug on Parejo as Valencia try and break forward on the halfway line.   ,2

Cheryshev - fresh from giving away the penalty - thunders into Joao Felix near the touchline to earn a yellow card.  ,2

COSTA SCORES! 1-0 Atletico! Costa steps up and sends Cillessen the wrong way with an assured finish into the left-hand corner!,1

Thomas is booked for an aggressive challenge on Parejo as the hosts looked to continue their relentless press.  ,2

Burn is back on his feet, but he's told to go straight off the field as Krafth is brought on for the final minutes.,0

Joelinton thought he was fouled by Rodri, but nothing was given and he channels his frustration as he slides in on Haaland to stop the break. He goes into the book.,2

The original decision of a red card for Trippier is overturned, with the referee now giving him a yellow for the challenge instead. Newcastle still have 11 men on the field.,2

Newcastle are making a double change as they look to regain their lead. Wilson is the first to go off, with Wood replacing him.,0

SILVA EQUALISES! And just like that, City are level! Yet again, De Bruyne cuts open Newcastle's defence with a throughball and Silva times his run perfectly to stay onside. His first touch takes him into a yard of space and he slots it into the back of the net. 3-3!,1

HAALAND PULLS ONE BACK! The corner was taken short to De Bruyne and he swings a great cross into the far post. Dias can't do anything with it, but Rodri manages to get it to Haaland who volleys in. 3-2!,1

WHAT A GOAL! Trippier scores from the free-kick! He stands over it just outside the D and whips it past the wall and into the top-left corner. Ederson was scrambling, but he had no chance of keeping that one out. 3-1 Newcastle!,1

Newcastle go straight up the other end on the counter and Stones trips Saint-Maximin, taking one for the team as his name goes in the book.,2

WILSON SCORES! It's another counter-attack for Newcastle and City were all over the place! Schar goes long and Walker can only help it onto Saint-Maximin. He picks out Wilson, who knocks it past Dias before lifting a shot over Ederson and inside the right post. 2-1 Newcastle!,1

Foden is away down the left and Schar steps across him to stop the run. The defender is the latest player to go into the book.,2

ALMIRON EQUALISES! It's Saint-Maximin again with some brilliant work down the left and he whips another dangerous cross into the box. Willock misses it, but Almiron leans forward just enough to glance it in off his thigh. The flag went up, but he was onside and VAR says it stands! 1-1!,1

It looked like Ake pulled his hamstring a couple of moments ago, and he's not able to carry on. He's replaced by Dias.,0

In the build-up to that shot, Cancelo clipped Almiron's heel and the referee goes back to show him a yellow card.,2

De Bruyne knocks the ball away just before Guimaraes gets across to clip him, and the Newcastle man has picked up an early booking.,2

GUNDOGAN SCORES! Silva has acres of space down the right and it's his work that catches out Newcastle's defence. He weaves this way and that before clipping a brilliant cross to Gundogan. He brings it down with a good first touch before cracking a shot past Pope from close range. 1-0 City!,1

GOALLL! BROWN SCORES! 2-1 LUTON! The hosts are ahead for a second time. Ogbene comes forward with possession on the right and curls in a phenomenal low cross. Andersen and Johnstone leave it for each other, allowing Brown to race in and poke the ball into the net.,1

Palace make two alterations. Edouard thought he had broken the deadlock earlier in the game, but his goal was disallowed for handball. He is replaced up front by Mateta.,0

Schlupp also makes his way off after a quiet game on the wing. Ahamada is given the last 10 minutes to make an impact.,0

Luton need to stop Palace's momentum if they want to get anything out of this game and have decided to make a change. Brown replaces Doughty on the wing.,0

GOALLL! OLISE SCORES! 1-1! What a response from Palace. Olise has been electric on the right in this game. He races down the wing and cuts into the box before lashing his shot across the goal and into the top corner.,1

Luton make a change right after netting the opener. It is a straight swap in the attack, with Morris off for Adebayo.,0

GOALLLL! MENGI SCORES! 1-0 LUTON! The hosts thought they had gone behind just a few minutes ago but they now have the lead. Doughty's outswinging corner is headed on by Morris to Mengi, who fires the ball across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1

Clark goes into the book for a slide tackle on Hughes. The energy of the game has risen since the disallowed goal.,2

Chong scored Luton's goal against Liverpool in their last match and is now on the pitch. Former Palace man Townsend makes way.,0

Luton make a couple of changes to try and find the first goal of the game. Mpanzu has had a busy game in the midfield and is replaced by Clark.,0

There is an applause from all four corners of the ground as Doucoure is carried off on a stretcher. Hughes takes his place in the midfield. Palace only have one more window to make substitutions after two quick injuries.,0

Palace are forced into an early change in the second half. Eze comes off with an injury and is replaced in the attack by Ayew. A huge blow for the Eagles.,0

Eze races towards Luton's box and is tripped by Lockyer, who goes into the book. Shooting opportunity for Palace.,2

The first yellow card of the game goes to Lerma after a late tackle on Lockyer. The Luton captain looks hurt but returns to his feet.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!  DEMBELE PUTS BARCA AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The Frenchman strokes the ball into the bottom corner from close range. A long ball over the top from Suarez played Sergi Roberto in down the right. He was forced to leap to head it back across the face of goal. Dembele was in the right place at the right time, placing his effort past Masip into the net. There was a slight moment of confusion as to if Sergi Roberto kept the ball in play when he made contact with his header on the byline, but the Spaniard did brilliantly to tee up his team-mate to score.,1

Unal catches Busquets with a late boot and he goes into the book. The first man cautioned this evening.,2

THURAM!!! 5-1 INTER! Thuram gets in on the act following yet another devastating counter by the visitors. Intercepting a loose pass, Mkhitaryan darts into the acres of space before switching the play to his striker, who cleverly skips inside a challenge before slotting past Sorrentino.,1

LAUTARO!!! 4-1 INTER! GAME OVER! The skipper steps up for the visitors and blasts the ball down the centre of the goal as Sorrentino dived out of the way to his right.,1

With Pavard on a yellow card, Inzaghi wisely withdraws the France defender. Bisseck comes on in his place.,0

Inter make a double-change. Dimarco, who set up the second goal, is given a well-earned rest as he is withdrawn in favour of Augusto.,0

PESSINA!!! 3-1! HOPE FOR MONZA! Denied by the offside flag in the first half, there is no stopping the skipper this time. Stepping up to the spot, he coolly sends Sommer the wrong way and rolls the ball into the bottom-left corner.,1

Barella also makes way. Coming on in his place is Frattesi, who scored the late winner against Verona.,0

CALHANOGLU!!! TWO FOR HIM, THREE FOR INTER! IT'S 3-0! That was a lovely goal by the Nerazzurri. They countered down the left with Mkhitaryan leading the charge. His centre was neatly cushioned by Thuram into the path of Calhanoglu, who neatly swept past Sorrentino.,1

LAUTARO!!! 2-0 INTER! Two goals in quick succession for the Serie A leaders! The Nerazzurri devastate Monza with a swift counter that sees Mkhitaryan lead the charge and find Dimarco, who squares the ball for Lautaro to apply the finishing touch on the line.,1

CALHANOGLU!!! 1-0 INTER! No mistake from the midfielder, who steps up and calmly sends the goalkeeper the wrong way as he rolls the ball into the bottom-right corner of the net.,1

Colpani catches Bastoni late and receives the first yellow card of the game. He will have to tread carefully now.,2

The first meaningful action of his Spurs career sees Bissouma receive a yellow card for lunging into a 50-50 challenge with Aribo in midfield.,2

Following a productive start to the season, Sessegnon takes his leave; Perisic comes on to make his Premier League debut.,0

GAME OVER! If it wasn't already a sealed deal, Spurs strike again! Following hot on the heels of their third goal, Kulusevski excels himself once more, cutting inside and sweeping home a left-footed shot from the right side of the box. That's straight in the bottom corner, Bazunu had no chance! 4-1 to Spurs!,1

TOTTENHAM LEAD! The tables are fully turned before the break, as Dier glances in a deft header following a Spurs corner, and the hosts go 2-1 in front! Son made up for his earlier miss by sending in a cross which the big defender flicked home, and the home fans are now in full voice!,1

Perhaps with the adrenaline still pumping following his equaliser, Sessegnon goes in hard on Walker-Peters and is booked by the referee.,2

SPURS PULL LEVEL! A brilliant inswinging cross from the right by Kulusevski, on his favoured left foot, meets the run of Sessegnon at the back post. With no real pressure on the ball, the wing-back nods past Bazunu from close range, and Tottenham are back on level terms: 1-1!,1

SAINTS LEAD! Ward-Prowse selects the right club from his bag, as the Southampton captain follows the opening goal with his trademark swinging celebration! Djenepo wriggles his way to the byline on the left side of the Spurs goal, and his cutback drops into the path of Ward-Prowse, who then steered home a strike from the edge of the area. It's Spurs 0-1 Southampton!,1

GOOOAALLLL!!!! LATE DRAMA! Salah latches onto a ball from deep, in behind the defence and pulls it back excellently for Origi. He has his back to goal, but keeps his composure to turn well and slot home from close range. ,1

Origi is on for Henderson. It's an attacking change from Klopp as Liverpool look to force the issue here. ,0

Wolves try and start a counter-attack, and inevitably it's through that man Traore again. Robertson goes through the back of him, and it's a foul and a yellow card. ,2

Traore races away down the right on the break and Fabinho cynically slides in to halt his progress. It's an obvious booking. ,2

Dendoncker slides in late on Jota on halfway and gives away the free-kick. A yellow card is shown by the referee.,2

Milan make their final change as well here, as they look to wind the clock down. Castillejo comes on in attack to replace scorer Suso.,0

MILAN SEAL THE VICTORY, SURELY! It's 2-0! A finish out of the top drawer from Suso who shows good strength and pace to latch onto Cutrone's throughball and burst behind the defence, before driving a clinical finish off the far post and in from a tough angle! It's a fifth Serie A goal of the season for Suso, who doesn't celebrate against his former side.,1

Milan make their second change as well now, as Mauri replaces Calhanoglu. It's a defensive switch for the visitors, with Mauri offering more defensive support from midfield.,0

A bad and late foul from Zukanovic on Lucas sees the Genoa defender into the book. That's six yellows shown in the match now - three for each side.,2

MILAN HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! Relief for Gattuso who watches on from the stands, as Borini is left unmarked in the centre to get on the end of Conti's pull-back, before smashing a low finish home from eight yards! That was far too easy for the visitors, with no one tracking Borini's movement in the box!,1

Rolon becomes the latest to see his name into the referee's book as he puts in a professional foul on Calhanoglu to prevent Milan from breaking quickly.,2

Lucas picks up a yellow card for a cynical foul in midfield, tripping up Bessa. That's the first booking of his infantile Serie A career.,2

Cutrone is penalised for a handball, and then promptly booked for dissent as he took exception to the referee's decision there.,2

A sharp turn from Borini forces Romero into a foul, as he picks up the first yellow of the match for Genoa. More worryingly for the hosts is the position here in which Milan have been awarded a free-kick, just a yard outside the penalty area virtually in the centre of the pitch.,2

Conti missed much of the first half of the season following knee surgery and has played just 23 minutes in the league thus far, but is forced on here in place of the injured Zapata.,0

A quick counter sees Bessa sprung down the left flank, and he gets a touch just ahead of Borini's challenge as the Milan winger winds up putting in a late tackle to break up the move and earn himself the game's first yellow card.,2

Draxler brings down Rui on the charge and goes into the book. Napoli have a free-kick in a decent position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DI MARIA SCORES A STUNNER AT THE DEATH!!!! 2-2!!! How important could Di Maria's goal prove to be for PSG. He has rescued them at the death here with a special effort from the edge of the box. The Argentine collects Draxler's offload 20 yards from goal before cutting on to his left foot. He bends his effort beyond the reach of Ospina into the top corner. It could be vital for the French outfit's hopes of progressing to the knockout stage of the Champions League.,1

Maksimovic goes into the book for bringing down Diaby on the left flank. Napoli have another free-kick to defend.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! MERTENS FIRES NAPOLI BACK IN FRONT!!!! 2-1!!! The Italian side were victims of misfortune for PSG's equaliser, but the favour has been returned as Mertens converts from close range. Ruiz was afforded space and time on the edge of the box to fire at goal. His strike hit the back of Mertens and fell kindly for the Belgian six yards out. He toe-poked the ball towards the bottom corner giving Areola no chance to react. The Parc des Princes is stunned into silence.,1

Draxler replaces Cavani for the home side. An interesting change for PSG. Who will spearhead the attack now?,0

Zielinski replaces Insigne for the visitors. The goalscorer appears to be struggling with a knock, forcing him from the field.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!! INSIGNE PUTS NAPOLI AHEAD!!! 1-0!!!! Insigne holds his composure to clip the ball over the top of Areola into the net to put the visitors in front. Callejon was the architect with a sublime throughball behind Kimpembe. Areola committed himself by racing off his line and it allowed the Italian to guide the ball over his head and into the net on the bounce.,1

Mertens catches Neymar with a late boot, bringing down the Brazilian on the charge. The Belgian goes into the book.,2

GOAL! Ronaldo surely wins it! The experienced goalscorer steps up the take the penalty and drills it beyond Radu and into the bottom left corner. 2-1.,1

Bonucci is shown a late yellow card after catching Pinamonti as the Genoa forward looked to skip beyond him on the halfway line.,2

RED CARD! Rabiot, who has only been on the field for a short period of time, is shown a second yellow card for sliding in late and from behind on Gumus. Juventus, much like Genoa, are now down to 10 men.,3

The away side make their final change of the match as Agudelo goes off to be replaced by Radovanovic.,0

Genoa opt to make another substitution as the goalscorer, Kouame, is replaced by Sanabria. There are just less than 10 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

Juventus make their final change of the match as Costa comes on in place of Bernardeschi. The score is still 1-1.,0

Rabiot is the latest player to pick up a yellow card after tripping Schone when the midfielder skipped beyond him on the halfway line.,2

Motta makes his first alteration of the match as Pandev is replaced by Gumus. It remains 1-1 with just over 20 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

ANOTHER RED CARD! Following Pandev’s foul on Dybala, Marchetti, an unused substitute, has been shown a red card by the referee for disputing the decision.,3

Pandev is the latest player to receive a yellow card after bringing down Dybala deep inside the Juventus half.,2

RED CARD! Cassata cynically pulls Dybala’s shirt on two occasions as the attacker looked to break, and the referee shows him a second yellow card. Genoa are down to 10 men.,3

GOAL! Genoa are level! The hosts fail to clear their lines and Agudelo slides the ball into the path of Kouame. From a few yards outside the area, the forward strikes his effort against his left leg, which wrong-foots Buffon before falling into the bottom right corner. 1-1.,1

Rugani is shown a yellow card for a late tackle on Agudelo. Genoa win a free-kick in a dangerous central position.,2

GOAL! Juventus take the lead! Following a corner from the left, Bentancur dangerously whips the ball into the box and Bonucci is able to get ahead of Radu and steer the delivery into the top left corner. 1-0.,1

Bentancur goes into the book after dragging Pandev to the floor when the attacker looked to launch a quick counter. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

After an early warning moments ago, Cassata picks up the first yellow card of the match for another foul on Dybala deep inside the Genoa half.,2

An excellent shift for Mbeumo comes to its end, as Lewis-Potter is given a few minutes to impress up front.,0

Dasilva is the third man taken off in Brentford's triple change, and Damsgaard is offered a brief cameo in his place.,0

Frank takes the chance to rest some players for a few minutes, with a triple change. First, Ajer makes way for Jorgensen in defence.,0

Having conceded the penalty and had a tough battle with Toney today, Senesi is replaced; Rothwell comes on.,0

BRENTFORD GO TWO UP! Taking a surely unassailable lead, the Bees sting on the counter, as Jensen calmly controls Dasilva's ball across the edge of the area before slamming the ball home past a helpless Neto! They've taken their chances despite a lack of fluency today, and it's now 2-0 to the hosts - is that game over?,1

Having seen his influence wane during the second half, Wissa is withdrawn; Roerslev comes in to fill a more defensive role for the Bees.,0

BRENTFORD LEAD! In typically efficient fashion, Toney steps up to the penalty spot, takes a copule of short steps and plants a powerful shot past Neto and into the top-right corner! Brentford's pressure pays, and the Bees go 1-0 up!,1

Despite trying to return to the action after clashing with Jensen in a 50-50 challenge, Cook can't continue. Pearson will replace him in midfield.,0

Sterling gets a great ovation as he is withdrawn – he has certainly been the best player on the pitch here. Burstow is on for the final moments.,0

Maatsen is the next Chelsea youngster to get some minutes, with the former Burnley loanee replacing Chilwell.,0

Midfielder Ugochukwu takes Jackson's place. Sterling has moved into a central position, with Gallagher also shifted further forward.,0

Brown flies into a reckless challenge on Disasi, sending the Chelsea defender sprawling and earning a yellow card. Fortunately for the Luton man, Disasi's foot wasn't planted – it could have been much worse.,2

Luton respond to Chelsea's third goal by using their remaining substitutes. Andersen is on for Burke at the back.,0

GOAAAAAAAALLL! JACKSON IS OFF THE MARK! 3-0! This is more like it from Chelsea! Fernandez juggles the ball in midfield before finding Sterling with a long pass forward. The winger drives a deflected cross into the six-yard box, where Jackson is on hand to tap in for his first Premier League goal!,1

Luton respond to going 2-0 down with a pair of changes. Doughty replaces Kabore in the first of those.,0

GOAAAAAAAAAALLL! IT'S TWO FOR STERLING, AND TWO FOR CHELSEA! The Blues have some daylight through a well-worked goal! Chelsea cause problems down the right once again, with Caicedo recycling possession to Gusto, whose cutback is swept home by Sterling from eight yards out. It's a long way back for Luton now! 2-0!,1

Nakamba stops another Sterling run fairly before chasing the loose ball and flying into a less-than-marvelous challenge on Gallagher. He follows Lockyer into the book.,2

GOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLL! WHAT A RUN FROM STERLING! Wow. Sterling picks up possession wide on the right and darts between Giles and Barkley. Bell and Nakamba close him down as he enters the box, but he maintains his composure to pick out the bottom-left corner. A brilliant solo goal puts Chelsea 1-0 up!,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! LIVERPOOL 3-2 WEST HAM!!! Mane has surely won it for Liverpool!! A deflected shot is hooked towards the back post by Alexander-Arnold and Mane is left all alone to convert into an empty net from a few yards out. Fabianski was left in no man's land!,1

Noble is the latest player to enter the referee's book for dragging Oxlade-Chamberlain back to halt a Liverpool attack.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! LIVERPOOL 2-2 WEST HAM!!! A Fabianski howler gifts Liverpool an equaliser! Robertson skips away from his man, cuts the ball back for Salah and his shot squirms through the hands and legs of Fabianski. The West Ham keeper will not want to watch that one back!,1

Diop goes right through the back of Mane in an attempt to win the ball. He fails to get any of it according to the referee and is shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! LIVERPOOL 1-2 WEST HAM!!!! Anfield is silenced by Fornals!! Rice crosses the ball from the right and Fornals is left in space to guide a first-time shot away from Alisson. The shot was miscued off his shin but the visitors will not care one bit.,1

Soucek departs inside the opening two minutes of the second half. Fornals, who was not included in the squad against Manchester City, comes on in his place.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! LIVERPOOL 1-1 WEST HAM!!! Less than three minutes after falling behind, Diop levels things up for West Ham. Snodgrass sends in a delightful corner and Diop gets in front of Gomez to beat Alisson at his near post. Like Fabianski a few minutes ago, Alisson will wonder if he could have done better to keep out the header.,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! LIVERPOOL 1-0 WEST HAM!!! Wijnaldum opens the scoring for Liverpool inside the first nine minutes. The chance to cross the ball appears to have gone, only for Alexander-Arnold to swing it in and pick out Wijnaldum eight yards from goal. The Netherlands international beats Fabianski with the header, but the West Ham keeper should have been doing a lot better.,1

Hause drags down Wilson and a freekick is given to the Cherries along with a booking for the defender.,2

Nakamba is replaced by Trezeguet as Dean Smith makes his final change in the hope of finding an equaliser.,0

GOAL! Samatta scores on his Premier League debut and becomes the first Tanzanian player to score in the English top flight. It's also Aston Villa's first headed goal this season! A really brave header from the striker beats Ramsdale to the ball and gets his side back in the game.,1

El Ghazi is replaced by Davis as Dean Smith makes his second change of the game. It looks like Villa are changing their formation.,0

RED CARD! Lerma has been sent off for a second yellow card after blocking Grealish's run. It looked very soft but the midfielder is given his marching orders by Anthony Taylor. Eddie Howe is absolutely fuming.,3

GOALLL! Ake puts Bournemouth 2-0 up just before half-time! The initial free kick is struck into the wall but Fraser strikes the rebound at goal. Reina does well to parry the ball but it falls straight to the Dutchman who slides in and scores.,1

Douglas Luiz is booked for a foul on Lerma after pulling the Bournemouth player back as they countered from a Villa free kick.,2

GOAL! Billing gets his first premier league goal from Bournemouth! A tidy finish into the bottom-left corner after a good header back across goal from Gosling! ,1

Mings catches Fraser on the ankle. That's a silly foul from the former Bournemouth player. Free kick in a dangerous position here.,2

Lerma is the first player of the game to be booked by referee Anthony Taylor. The Bournemouth midfielder just clattered Grealish as Villa looked to counter.,2

Potter decides to ring the changes as we enter the final 10 minutes of normal time with Mooy replacing Mac Allister. ,0

It is a double change for the away side with Rashford making way for James. There are 12 minutes of normal time left to play. ,0

Solskjaer once again turns to his bench in an effort to keep his squad fresh and well rested. Ighalo comes on for the closing stages in place of Martial.  ,0

Solskjaer opts to make his first substitution of the match as McTominay comes onto the field in place of Pogba.  ,0

Fernandes is given a well-deserved rest following his two goals as he makes way for Pereira. It remains 3-0. ,0

GOAL! United have their third! The away side break with real pace down the left-hand side of the field. Greenwood gets the ball under control and clips a dangerous cross in towards the back post. Fernandes arrives and volleys the delivery beyond Ryan from the middle of the box. 3-0. ,1

Shaw picks up the first yellow card of the match following a foul on Bissouma down the right flank. The resulting set-piece comes to nothing.  ,2

Potter has opted to ring the changes at the break with Trossard coming on for the second half in place of Lamptey. ,0

GOAL! The visitors double their lead! A one-two between Shaw and Rashford results in a low cross being poorly dealt with by Brighton. The loose ball falls to Pogba on the edge of the box, who tees it up to Fernandes, before the Portuguese international curls an effort into the bottom-right corner from the edge of the box. After a VAR check, the goal is given. 2-0. ,1

GOAL! United take the lead! Wan-Bissaka plays a clever ball inside for Greenwood who drives at the heart of the Brighton defence. The youngster knocks the ball onto his left foot, before striking through the legs of Dunk and into the bottom-right corner from the centre of the area. 1-0. ,1

The hosts have made their third and final switch, with Foden coming on to take the place of Gundogan.,0

Great timing by Aguero, who is immediately replaced by Sane after firing in his third goal of the afternoon.,0

GOAL! Aguero wraps up his hat-trick and makes it 5-1! A sublime cross from Mendy flies into the heart of the Huddersfield penalty area and finds Aguero, who pulls off a stunning flick that beats the outstretched limbs of Hamer.,1

Ouch! Jesus breaks away quickly after picking up the ball on the halfway line but is cynically clattered into by Schindler, who then receives a yellow card.,2

David Silva receives a rousing round of applause as he makes his way off the pitch to be replaced by Mahrez.,0

Jesus tries to break away quickly but is clattered into by a late sliding challenge from Billing, who leaves the referee with no choice but to show him a yellow card.,2

GOAL! David Silva makes it 4-1 with a world-class strike! Aguero is clumsily fouled by Mounie and wins a free-kick for the home side, which Silva curls straight into the top right-hand corner of the net to extend City's lead.,1

Huddersfield have made a substitution, and it's an attacking one. Depoitre has come on to replace Sabiri and join Mounie up front.,0

GOAL! Huddersfield have pulled one back to make it 3-1! Poor defending from City allows Mounie to latch onto a throw-in and nod the ball over to Stankovic, who gets the better of Stones before beating Ederson from close range.,1

GOAL! It's another for Aguero! A low cross from Mendy should be comfortably dealt with by Hamer, but the goalkeeper clumsily fumbles the ball and allows Aguero to easily tap in from close range. It's 3-0 to City, who are on fire!,1

GOAL! It's 2-0 to City! Mendy embarks on a great run down the left flank as he sprints away from a group of Huddersfield defenders. He heads towards the edge of the penalty area, where an attempted tackle from Smith sends the ball to Jesus, and the Brazilian then beats Hamer at the near post with a thumping strike.,1

GOAL! City have taken the lead! Huddersfield are caught open at the back and are immediately made to pay. Ederson fires a thumping pass up the pitch and towards Aguero, who spots Hamer off his line and quickly chips a fantastic strike over the head of the goalkeeper to make it 1-0.,1

The referee shows his seventh yellow card of a close-fought game, as Luis is penalised for a foul on Bremer.,2

Juventus goalscorer Milik sees his shift come to an early end; young Fagioli is thrown on for the final 20 minutes.,0

With the game slipping away from his side, Allegri knows he must act: first, Kostic is replaced by Kean.,0

For wrestling Neres to the ground just outside the area, on the right, Danilo receives a merited booking - that was a clear foul.,2

Allegri's second change sees Cuadrado make way for De Sciglio, which might mean switching to a back four.,0

BENFICA LEAD! Fernandez drives through the centre of the pitch and flicks a pass to Ramos, when the ball then breaks to Rafa Silva near the penalty spot, Perin's subsequent save only falls to Neres. The winger stays calm to drive the ball into the back of the net! The Eagles soar into a 2-1 lead!,1

BENFICA PULL LEVEL! Just before the break, Joao Mario puts the visitors back on equal terms from the penalty spot! His brilliantly struck shot into the top-left corner gave Perin no chance, and it's now 1-1 in Turin!,1

Miretti is penalised for his trip on Ramos inside the area, and not only does he concede a penalty but also receives a yellow card.,2

JUVE LEAD! Within minutes, the Bianconeri go in front! A pinpoint cross from Paredes' free-kick out on the right wing picks out Milik at the near post, and under little challenge, the Polish striker plants a header in the bottom-left corner!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! RODRYGO SCORES AT THE DEATH!!!!!!! 1-0 MADRID!!! The visitors take the lead through Rodrgyo as he converts a cutback from Camavinga into the back of the net. Camavinga makes a great run into the final third in the left-inside channel and he directs a low ball into the middle. Rodrygo gets ahead of Bastoni and directs a left-footed effort on the volley away from Handanovic into the bottom-right corner.,1

SLAVIA ARE GOING TO THE QUARTER-FINALS! With nearly the last kick of the match, Sevilla are on the brink! It's a mad scramble in the area after the initial free-kick is blcocked, and Olayinka smartly rolls a pass across for Traore who forces the ball through a crowd and just under the arm of Vaclik! Kjaer had a chance to keep it out off the line but made an absolute mess of it!,1

Soucek thinks he's won his side a penalty, but he actually finds himself into the book as he's shown a yellow for simulation, going to ground following a tame and fair challenge from Carrico.,2

Ben Yedder's night is over as Sevilla turn to Rog off the bench for a bit more defensive stability as they look to see this out.,0

SLAVIA RIGHT BACK IN THE TIE! Expertly taken from Van Buren who turns smartly in the area and drives a lovely finish through the legs of a defender and in at the far post from a tight angle! It's game on yet again!,1

Vazquez is booked for showing a bit too much enthusiasm in his celebration, and will be suspended for the next match in the competition as a result. You hate to see that from the referee. Let them have some fun.,2

SEVILLA ARE SURELY THROUGH TO THE QUARTER-FINALS! Vazquez is the hero off the bench as he meets a stunning cross from Promes, beating Kolar at the near post with his expertly taken header! How big was that for Sevilla?! They lead 5-4 on aggregate!,1

Munir's race is run tonight, but not without an instrumental impact from the forward as it's his volley that has this match headed to extra time as things stand. Vazquez replaces him.,0

Olayinka fouls Gomez in the air at the halfway line, and the substitute finds his name into the book.,2

Sevilla go to the bench for a second time and they bring on another striker here with Silva replacing Sarabia.,0

A late foul from Kral on Sarabia sees him become the second player booked in the match, with Slavia goalkeeper Kolar the other.,2

ABSOLUTELY SENSATIONAL! Sevilla have pulled level yet again! It's an absolutely outrageous volley from Munir! Mesa heads the ball forward to keep an attack alive, and Munir doesn't even wait for it to drop, lashing a venomous volley beyond the reach of Kolar from just under 25 yards! Exceptional!,1

SLAVIA RESTORE THEIR LEAD! It's 4-3 on aggregate and 2-1 on the night as Soucek smashes his penalty into the roof of the net less than minute after the restart!,1

PARITY RESTORED BEFORE THE BREAK! Level on the night and on aggregate as Ben Yedder drives his penalty just out of the reach of Kolar to pull Sevilla right back in the tie!,1

PENALTY TO SEVILLA! Promes latches onto a ball over the top and Kolar gets off his line, but arrives far too late to intervene as Promes lifts the ball over the keeper before being clattered to ground. No doubt about that one!,2

SLAVIA HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! It's 1-0 on the night and 3-2 on aggregate, and Eden Arena is sent into raptures as Skoda's header back into the danger area following a corner is met by Ngadeu-Ngadjui, who reacts quickly to scoop the ball into the top corner!,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! SEVILLA 2-0 BARCELONA!! Rakitic nets against his former club to give Sevilla a two-goal advantage! A simple ball over the top undoes Barca and Rakitic, kept onside by Umtiti, keeps his cool when one-on-one with Ter Stegen.,1

Gudelj is on for Jordan in the fourth of Sevilla's changes. Lopetegui has one more substitution available.,0

Lopetegui has made a triple substitution with a little over 20 minutes to go. Munir is on for Escudero in the first of those changes.,0

Messi puts his arm across the face of Jordan, but it is the Sevilla midfielder who is cautioned for blocking the run of the Barcelona forward.,2

Barcelona full-back Alba is issued the first yellow card of the contest right at the end of the first half.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! SEVILLA 1-0 BARCELONA!! Kounde gave Barca a warning with his shot a little earlier and has now punished the visitors with the breakthrough goal. The defender knocks the ball past Umtiti and calmly fires away from Ter Stegen, who gets something to the shot but is unable to keep it out.,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! DEPORTIVO ALAVES 1-1 ATLETICO MADRID! It's a screamer from Perez! The ex-Arsenal man gets away from a few opposition players, shifts the ball on to his left boot and curls it away from Oblak from 25 yards out. It takes something special to beat the Atletico keeper and that really was special.,1

Felipe is shown a yellow card for putting his arms around Perez to halt the forward's charge down Alaves' left.,2

GOOOOOAAALLLL!!! DEPORTIVO ALAVES 0-1 ATLETICO MADRID! They always seem to find a way! Correa again shows why he is so important to Atletico by slipping the ball through for Morata, who makes it three goals in three games by tucking a first-time shot through the legs of Pacheco.,1

Laguardia brings down Costa towards the left-hand touchline and is shown the third yellow card of the contest.,2

With exactly an hour played, Simeone makes his second change by bringing on Morata for Herrera - an attacking substitution.,0

Wakaso challenges for an aerial ball with Arias and catches his opponent in the face, leading to the second booking of a flat first half.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal have equalised in stoppage time and it’s 1-1! Nketiah taps it home from just a couple of yards out! It comes from a corner, which Ryan flicks on and it is then picked up by Ceballos, who drills an effort towards goal, which Areola superbly saves. However, he can only push it straight into the path of Nketiah, who fires it into the back of the net. VAR are going to take a look to make sure.,1

The other change sees Bellerin come off and he has handed the captains armband to Lacazette, as he is replaced by Pepe.,0

Arsenal make a double substitution, the first sees Elneny head off the pitch and he has been replaced by Partey.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Maja converts from the penalty spot and sends Fulham 1-0 up! Lemina won the penalty after he is caught by Gabriel, who flicked out a leg. There was a lengthy VAR review to check the decision, including a possible offside in the build-up, but the penalty was allowed to stand. Maja stepped up to take it and he smashed it high into the back of the net.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Andersen, after the Fulham skipper dived into a challenge with Xhaka and caught the Arsenal man. Poor challenge.,2

It is positively raining yellow cards at Turf Moor all of a sudden. Gudmunds­son trims down Bowen on the break and the Burnley man is flashed a booking.,2

Now Craig Dawson is flashed a yellow card for taking his time to restart, as he tries to eat up the remaining time on the clock.,2

Mee comes in with all the grace of a blind donkey on Lingard and the two tumble to the ground. There doesn't look to be any serious weight in the challenge, but it will be a yellow card regardless.,2

Johann Berg Gudmunds­son has arrived for Burnley now in their second change, with McNeil making way for him.,0

Burnley make the first change of the game now and it is Jay Rodriguez who has taken to the field, replacing a less-than-impressed Vydra.,0

GOAL! MICHAIL ANTONIO BAGS A SECOND FOR WEST HAM! 2-1! It's off the foot of the striker, the slightest of touches as he runs towards the goal to meet a cross from Benrahma. He almost doesn't expect it - two Burnley plays miss with diving headers to clear - and he rustles it past Pope. The Hammers hit the front!,1

GOAL! MICHAIL ANTONIO IMMEDIATELY LEVELS FOR WEST HAM! 1-1! Burnley will be furious with the switch-off at the back there. The striker is allowed to roam free into the box, left relatively unmarked, and he rises above everyone to glance a fine header past Nick Pope, who gets his angles wrong, from a Coufal cross. We're back on equal footing.,1

GOAL! CHRIS WOOD CONVERTS FROM THE PENALTY SPOT FOR BURNLEY! 1-0! It's a rocket of a shot, buried in at the bottom of the left post. Fabianski goes the right way but he doesn't get enough of a touch to stop it. First blood to Burnley.,1

Sassuolo are making a triple change as we head into the final five minutes. Pinamonti is the first to go off, with Castillejo on for him.,0

PINAMONTI SCORES! And just like that, Sassuolo are back in front! They work it down their left, and this time when Lauriente cuts inside he does manage to get his shot on target. Szczesny gets two hands behind the pacy shot but parries it straight to Pinamonti, who heads it over the keeper and into the back of the net. 3-2 Sassuolo!,1

CHIESA EQUALISES! Juventus finally have their first shot on target, and they score from it! It's well worked down the right, but Iling-Junior's cross is cleared as far as Fagioli on the left. He cushions the ball into Chiesa's path and the Italy star makes no mistake as he rifles it past Cragno at his near post. 2-2!,1

Juventus are making their third change while Bremer finishes off getting treatment. McKennie is taken off, with Weah on to replace him.,0

It's a poor challenge from Berardi as he catches Bremer high on the shin with his studs. He's also shown a yellow card.,2

Danilo gets nowhere near the ball and crashes into Berardi, stopping him in his tracks. He's not happy, but it was a clear booking.,2

Boloca tries to step across Chiesa to win the ball, but steps on the forward's foot instead. He goes into the referee's book.,2

There are changes for both sides at the break, starting with a double one for Juve. Kostic is taken off, with Iling-Junior on in his place.,0

BERARDI SCORES! McKennie's pass is cut out by Henrique, and Miretti slips as he tries to close him down. The Brazilian drives to the edge of the D before squaring it to Berardi. He hits the shot first time, whipping it out of Szczesny's reach and into the bottom left corner. 2-1 Sassuolo!,1

Rabiot is late as he steps across Henrique and trips the midfielder. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2

SASSUOLO LEAD! And it's a moment to forget for Szczesny! It's a poor attempt at a clearance from Bremer and he nods it straight down to Lauriente, who gets a lot of power behind his strike towards the near post. The keeper gets two hands behind it, but as it bounces off the floor, it hits his foot and hits the back of the net. 1-0 Sassuolo!,1

Just minutes after coming on, Barrenetxea picks up a yellow card after catching Griezmann with a late challenge.,2

Januzaj never came back onto the field after receiving treatment and it's Barrenetxea that's on for him.,0

BARCA LEAD! De Jong pulled away from his defender in the middle of the box to put Alba's deflected cross past Remiro first time, but the offside flag went up. After a quick check by VAR, they spotted he was actually onside and the goal stands! 2-1 Barca!,1

ALBA EQUALISES! Nobody picks out his run from the left of the box as he runs onto Griezmann's deflected pass. He hits the shot first time and it's a wonderful strike that nestles into the top-right corner. 1-1! ,1

SOCIEDAD LEAD! The corner isn't dealt with by Barca and Le Normand keeps it alive for the visitors. He picks out Portu and his cross back across goal is tapped in by Jose. Barca are asking for offside, but the goal stands! 1-0 Sociedad!,1

Januzaj picks up the first yellow card of the game after catching Mingueza in the face with his elbow.,2

Young prospect Kesler-Hayden gets a brief cameo, as Cash is withdrawn - his concession of a first-half penalty now long forgotten.,0

Having got his name on the scoresheet again, Diaby departs. Duran will replace him for the final few seconds.,0

Taking warm applause from the home fans, Bailey departs. Diego Carlos comes on, as Aston Villa try to shut up shop.,0

BAILEY BAGS VILLA'S THIRD! It's 3-1 to the Villans, who are surely on course for victory now! Played through by Diaby with a low ball, Watkins arrives on the left side of the area and draws out Neto. He then cuts a precise pass back into the six-yard box, which Bailey meets with a close-range finish!,1

Bournemouth make a double change now, as they chase a late leveller. First, Christie is replaced by Scott.,0

Iraola decides it's time for a shift of formation, so Ghana forward Semenyo returns from injury to replace a centre-back, Senesi.,0

ASTON VILLA GO IN FRONT! The hosts have turned it around! Diaby makes it 2-1!! Once more, Watkins beats Zabarnyi with ease, and he then lays a lovely throughball into the Frenchman's path; Diaby neatly guides it past Neto with a cool first-time finish! Bournemouth are now behind!,1

Again troubled by Watkins just outside his own area, Zabarnyi tussles with the Villa striker and brings him down to the turf. That's a booking for the Bournemouth defender.,2

VILLA LEVEL IT! It's 1-1, just before the break! Beating Neto with a rising strike from close range on the left, Rogers finds the net with his team's first shot on target! After receiving the ball from Bailey, he drifted inside from the flank and did the rest with aplomb!,1

With the rapid Diaby set to run away from him up the touchline, Senesi trips his opponent and is booked by the referee.,2

BOURNEMOUTH LEAD 1-0! After a long delay, due to much jostling from both sides just outside the area, Solanke steps up and slots his spot-kick home! He fired it high into the top-left corner, leaving penalty specialist Martinez with absolutely no chance! That's how you convert a penalty!,1

Having repeatedly hauled back Rogers and then felled his opponent in midfield, Smith receives the first yellow card of today's game.,2

GOOOALLLL!!! ATALANTA HAVE SCORED AGAIN! Gomez, who had been a surprisingly quiet presence in today's match, drifted in from the left and curled in a perfect finish into the top-right corner to further punish Inter! Atalanta 4-1 Inter.,1

RED CARD! Brozovic is sent off after blocking the run of Ilicic and, having already picked up a yellow, is shown his second. Surely the sign of frustration that.,3

GOOALLLL! It proves a very dangerous free kick indeed as Ilicic sent in the cross towards Djimsiti who rose above everyone and powered his header past Handanovic to seal the win for Atalanta! Atalanta 3-1 Inter.,1

Gomez throws his arm out to block off Valero, but he catches him in the face and is shown yellow, which is really becoming a trend over the past few minutes,2

De Roon, who has the second most fouls in Serie A this season, sees his name taken after fouling Valero in the centre circle.,2

Not to be outdone, Inter fire back with another substitution of their own as Vrsaljko replaces Miranda.,0

Spalletti doesn't hesitate for a second after that goal and brings on Keita, with Politano making way.,0

GOALLLL!!!! After being outplayed since the break, Atalanta restore their lead! Ilicic curls in a fantastic ball from a free kick and Mancini spears it perfectly, powering it into the back of the net! Atalanta 2-1 Inter.,1

That is indeed what happens as the injured Toloi is replaced by Castagne, which will likely see the home side change shape.,0

GOOALLL!!! Icardi runs up to the ball and tucks it into the bottom-right corner of the goal from the penalty spot! Atalanta 1-1 Inter.,1

GOOALLLLL!!! Wingback to wingback as Gosens ran up the left flank and whipped a low cross all the way across the box which somehow found it's way over to Hateboer at the far post where he applied a right-footed finish! Atalanta 1-0 Inter!,1

Gundogan takes a long time while standing over a Barcelona free-kick in his own half, before slowly leaving it for Martinez and heading up the pitch. Unimpressed with his antics, the referee books the Germany international for wasting time at the end of the game.,2

Having finally taken the lead, Xavi is now looking to solidify his midfield as he sends Romeu on for Pedri.,0

It's two alterations at once for Alaves, who send Hagi on for Guridi as they search for a way back into the game.,0

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 2-1! Sivera guesses the right way but he’s left with no opportunity to make the save, as Lewandowski hops, skips and jumps before lashing a powerful penalty into the roof of the net!,1

Duarte is shown a yellow card for a crunching follow-through on Pedri, with the full-back stomping on the foot of his opponent after the ball had gone.,2

Kounde lasts 70 minutes on his birthday, picking up an assist for Lewandowski's goal in the process. He's withdrawn by Xavi, who sends Balde on for the remainder of the contest.,0

Raphinha gets a chance to try and complete the comeback, with Fermin Lopez hauled off with 27 minutes remaining.,0

In the aftermath of the shove on Pedri, Lewandowski comes across and catches the heels of Blanco, taking him down in front of the match official. The retaliatory move lands the striker in hot water, with the referee showing him a yellow card for the foul.,2

WHAT A GOAL! 1-1! It’s a superb finish from Lewandowski, who shows off his athleticism to rise high above Zamora in order to reach Kounde’s cross. The striker meets the delivery with an absolutely perfect header, leaving Sivera no chance at his far post!,1

UNBELIEVABLE! ALAVES TAKE 17 SECONDS TO SCORE! It’s an unbelievable move straight after the kick-off, with Gundogan giving away possession in midfield following a long pass from Martinez. Guridi steps across and wins the ball back before switching play to the left for Lopez. The winger plays a dangerous, low cross into the six-yard box for Samu, who taps it home confidently through the legs of the goalkeeper!,1

GNABRY SCORES AGAIN! 7-2! This is getting ridiculous now! Bayern win the ball back from the restart and a sharp move makes its way to Gnabry 25 yards out and he exuberantly leathers a spinning effort into the far corner leaving Lloris helpless again! Bayern have been so clinical tonight! ,1

BAYERN SCORE AGAIN! 6-2! Spurs surrender possession in another awful position and Coutinho simply flicks the ball out towards Lewandowski who rifles another electric finish past Lloris! ,1

THREE FOR GNABRY! BAYERN MAKE IT 5-2! Thiago clips a delightful lofted pass over Aurier and Gnabry races in behind once again before rolling a composed finish beyond Lloris!,1

KANE SCORES! 4-2! He rarely misses from the spot and this time the English striker confidently steps up and places the ball into the right-hand corner, just beyond Neuer's despairing dive! ,1

GNABRY SCORES AGAIN! 4-1! Spurs look completely shocked by the third goal and they immediately give the ball away 20 yards out. It results in a three on three and Tolisso astutely rolls Gnabry in behind down the left and he clinically fires across Lloris once more to put the German side into an almost unassailable lead!  ,1

WHAT A GOAL FROM GNABRY! 3-1! Gnabry zooms past Aurier down the right flank and advances all the way into the box before beating Alderweireld and smashing a low shot across a helpless Lloris and into the net! Spurs have a lot of work on to save this game now. ,1

Alaba is withdrawn and Thiago comes on to replace him. It looks as though this'll mean that Kimmich moves to right-back and Pavard will slide across to cover Alaba at left-back. ,0

BAYERN TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! Spurs switch off after Bayern howl for a penalty from a clumsy Aurier challenge on Tolisso, but Lewandowski remained alert and swiveled on the edge of the area before powering a crisp low shot into the bottom corner! ,1

Ndombele jumps dangerously into a challenge with Lewandowski and the referee wisely awards him a yellow card.  ,2

Gnabry receives a booking for hauling Winks down after some smart defensive work from the Tottenham man. ,2

BAYERN EQUALISE RIGHT AWAY! 1-1! The away side let their experience show there - they didn't panic after conceding early on. A careful passing move ends with Vertonghen hacking clear to Kimmich 25 yards out, where he shimmies past Sissoko before bending an unstoppable drive low into the corner past Lloris!  ,1

SPURS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Alli forces a terrible error from Tolisso who surrenders possession to Sissoko 25 yards out and he rolls Son through on goal, where he lashes a low shot across Neuer and into the net! Son's certainly made up for his poor decision making earlier! ,1

Aguerd stayed down inside his box and required treatment for what looks like a muscle problem. He goes straight down the tunnel with the medical team and Johnson comes on for him.,0

Chelsea are making another change now, and it's Loftus-Cheek that's going off, with Gallagher on in his place.,0

Both sides are making changes here, starting with a double switch for the hosts. Benrahma, who has struggled to get into the game, is replaced by Downes.,0

Antonio spins past Badiashile and then gets a nudge in the back which sends him sprawling. The defender is booked for the challenge.,2

Coufal got away with a couple of late challenges in the first half and now steps across Mudryk to stop his run. It earns him the first yellow card of the game.,2

EMERSON EQUALISES! The move comes down West Ham's right again, with Coufal curling a wonderful cross in. It's flicked on by Bowen and none of the Chelsea defenders spot Emerson's late run to the far post where he fires his low shot past Kepa from a tight angle into the far bottom corner. 1-1!,1

JOAO FELIX SCORES! Mudryk slid in to take it off Bowen, leaving West Ham temporarily down to 10 as Chelsea pushed forward. Fernandez played a one-two with Cucurella, and this time, Joao Felix times his run to latch onto the curling cross and he volleys it past Fabianski first time. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

Paqueta stayed down after being bundled off the ball by Fernandez, and this time, he can't carry on. He goes straight down the tunnel as Soucek replaces him.,0

POLITANO SCORES!!! No mistake from the substitute, who steps up and calmly sends Falcone the wrong way from 12 yards.,1

GAETANO!!! 3-0 NAPOLI! And surely, game over! The visitors break and the substitutes combine with Raspadori feeding Gaetano, who fires past a helpless Falcone from the edge of the penalty area.,1

OSIMHEN!!! 2-0 NAPOLI! A devastating counter by the visitors! A loose pass enables Kvaratskhelia to break. The winger cleverly skips away from his marker before clipping the ball to the far post, where Osimhen applies the finishing touch with his head.,1

OSTIGARD!!! 1-0 NAPOLI! The visitors lead through an unlikely source! Zielinski whips a delicious free-kick into the six-yard box, where an unmarked Ostigard rises to power home a header.,1

Martinez is replaced by Valero after an excellent performance spearheading the Inter attack - penalty aside. ,0

INTER SCORE AGAIN! 2-0! Guerreiro loses possession inside the Inter half, before Brozovic immediately slides Candreva through on the counter-attack. Inter then had a two-on-two and Candreva continued to drive towards goal while Weigl backed off, before slotting an assured finish in at the near post!,1

Hummels is booked for a nasty looking challenge on Gagliardini near the halfway line as time slowly runs out for Dortmund.,2

Dahoud comes on for Delaney as Dortmund search for a slightly more attacking midfielder in the centre of the pitch.   ,0

Lukaku is replaced by the 17-year-old, Esposito, as Inter look for an injection of energy up front.   ,0

Brozovic tries to slide Barella in behind, but Akanji gets there first and Barella ends up lunging in late on the Dortmund defender, earning himself a clear yellow card. ,2

INTER TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Martinez latches onto De Vrij's clipped lob over the top of the defence and takes one touch, before poking a smart finish beyond the onrushing Burki! ,1

The yellow card is out again, this time for Guimaraes. He didn't get a free-kick that he wanted and then clipped Lewis-Potter late in his annoyance.,2

Wilson's frustration about the decision was also on show as he pushed Onyeka away to stop him from taking the throw-in before shouting at the referee. He's booked for his double act of dissent.,2

Gordon was convinced he should've had a throw-in and reacted angrily when the referee gave it Brentford's way. He's booked for dissent.,2

Collins attempts to drag Wilson back, and when that doesn't work, he stretches across him to block the run. He's complaining, but it won't stop the referee from showing him a yellow card.,2

Newcastle are also using the opportunity to make their first swap. Barnes is taken off, with Almiron on for him.,0

Brentford are making their final change following that VAR decision. Hickey is the one going off, with Lewis-Potter on in his place.,0

Brentford are going to make a triple change as they try to get back into this game. They're taking no chances with Mee as he's replaced by Maupay.,0

Flekken is still complaining about the penalty being awarded against him, and the referee has had enough as he books him for dissent.,2

WILSON SCORES! There's no saving that one! Despite being made to wait, it's a confident penalty from the forward as he sends a powerful strike high into the top-right corner. Flekken dived the right way, but no keeper is reaching that. 1-0 Newcastle!,1

A dangerous ball is whipped in from the right for Brentford and after Wissa misses it, Hickey catches Pope with a late foul. He's booked for it.,2

Barnes is driving through the middle when Norgaard slides in with a heavy challenge to bring him down from behind. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2

Henry will be going straight down the tunnel with the medical team, and Roerslev is brought on in his place.,0

Wissa catches Schar on the mouth with his elbow in an aerial challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Abraham has just gone down and it looks like he might be struggling with an injury, so he's been taken off and Batshuayi is on in his place.,0

Rudiger is the latest player to be shown a yellow card as he brings Sanchez down with a late challenge.,2

Double change for Spurs now and the first player to come off is Vertonghen, with Rose coming on to replace him.,0

Lampard makes his first change of the game now and it's Jorginho that's coming on to replace Kovacic. ,0

IT'S A RED CARD! VAR had a long look at that incident between Son and Rudiger and have overturned the referee's decision. It was a bad challenge from the forward and he's shown a straight red card. Spurs are down to 10 men!,3

Sissoko just couldn't keep up with Willian's run down the left and he slides in, catching the Brazilian late. Chelsea have a free-kick and Sissoko picks up a yellow card.,2

Mourinho has decided to make an attacking change ahead of the second half as he brings on Eriksen in place of Dier.,0

HE SCORES THE PENALTY! It's Willian that steps up to take it and it's a confident run-up from him. He stops just before striking the ball and he nestles the spot-kick into the bottom right corner. 2-0 Chelsea!,1

Tempers flared between Alli and Kovacic after the Spurs midfielder ended up on his back when he ran into him in an attempt to win the ball back. Kovacic reacted angrily and is shown a yellow card.,2

CHELSEA HAVE THE LEAD! Willian takes a corner short and plays a one-two off Kovacic. The Brazilian isn't picked up as he makes the run into the box and curls his shot through the crowd in the box and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Chelsea!,1

Modric is applauded off as he makes way, with the final 10 minutes to be played out by his long-time partner in the middle, Toni Kroos.,0

Rodrygo's close-range finish may well prove to be the winner in this game, but he comes off now for Dani Ceballos.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What an impact!!! Valverde ghosts in behind Rodriguez to take Caravajal's pass, and with his first touch cuts the ball back from the byline to Rodrygo, who prods it beyond Silva from close range to make it 2-1 to Real Madrid!,1

GOALLLL!!! Well, that's the curse of the commentator, alright! Madrid looked extremely comfortable but Betis have hit back through former Madrid playmaker Canales. Iglesias flicks a throw-in back to the onrushing midfielder, whose low strike finds a way through Courtois. It's 1-1!,1

Another blow for Betis, now, with Fekir having to make way with injury. Luiz Henrique is on in his place.,0

GOAL! What a finish that is, and it's as simple as it comes for Madrid as Vinicius puts the hosts ahead. Alaba is given time to stroll out from defence and place a sublime pass over the top of Betis' line. Vinicius is simply too quick and, having just stayed onside, he gets beyond Gonzalez and lofts a sublime finish over Silva. It's 1-0 to Madrid.,1

Darmian picks up a late yellow card for a clumsy challenge on Busi. Can Parma create anything from thie free-kick?,2

Inter make a substitution. Sanchez will have to settle for just the two goals today. Martinez is his replacement.,0

GOAL! PARMA 1-2 INTER! Parma are back in this! It's a thumping finish from Hernani who was all alone at the far post as Pezzella looped the ball up. Handanovic couldn't get down quickly enough.,1

Inter take the opportunity to make a substitution of their own. Vidal is on for Eriksen who's been unspectacular.,0

Valenti's the last Parma player to leave the pitch. Busi starts his shift of trying to mark Sanchez and Lukaku.,0

Parma are making three changes actually. Gagliolo is the first player to make way. Pezzella replaces him at left-back.,0

GOAL! PARMA 0-2 INTER! Sanchez grabs his second goal of the game, again assisted by Lukaku. Parma commit men upfield and get caught out on the counter-attack as Lukaku waits for the Chilean to arrive to his left. Sanchez rolls the ball first-time into the bottom right corner.,1

GOAL! PARMA 0-1 INTER! Sanchez grabs an opener for Inter! Lukaku chests the ball down and Brugman's poor touch accidentally plays in Sanchez. Sanchez bears down on goal and fires a shot straight at Sepe. Sepe gets a hand to it but is unable to prevent it from crossing the line.,1

Parma make a change at half-time. Man is replaced having been unable to shake off the niggle he picked up in the first half. His fellow Romanian Mihaila takes his place up front.,0

Helander is shown a yellow card after obstructing Donnarumma as he tried to make a long throw down field.,2

Kessie screams in frustration as he gives a free-kick away and gets a yellow card for his troubles. He is now suspended for the next game against Fiorentina, with Bakayoko also set to miss the fixture.,2

RED CARD!!!! Bakayoko is dismissed for his second yellow card in three minutes. The defensive midfielder is shown his first red in Italy after getting caught out before chopping down Santander from behind.,3

GOOOOOOAL! OH MY WORD! A LATE TWIST FOR NEWCASTLE INCOMING? Newcastle get a corner as Dalot blocks Krath's cross, it's not a good ball initially but Hall picks it up from 25 yards and bends a beautiful left-foot effort into the right-hand side of the goal. Manchester United lead 3-2 but is there time for one final swing in this game?,1

Fernandes gets a standing ovation from the Old Trafford crowd after a Man of the Match performance as Eriksen comes on for Man United.,0

Amrabat has had a good game this evening but he's a little over-zealous with the shove in the back of Barnes and he goes into the book.,2

GOOOOOOOOOAL! AND THAT IS SURELY GAME OVER NOW! He's only just come on and it's Hojlund! Fernandes is given way too much time, he passes to Hojlund who runs past Burn then shoots through the legs of Hall and into the bottom-right corner. Manchester United lead Newcastle 2-1 at Old Trafford!,1

And there's a big round of applause, first of all for opening goalscorer Mainoo, but also the return of popular defender Martinez.,0

A big round of applause as the goalscorer Diallo takes a seat in the first of three Man United subs with Hojlund entering the fray.,0

Diallo now sees yellow for kicking the ball away after a free-kick is awarded. Needless and inevitable.,2

It was another poor pass from Onana and the ball was there to be won...only Schar didn't win it and he went through the back of Fernandes, so the Newcastle man receives an inevitable yellow card.,2

Another roll of the Newcastle dice from Howe here as Longstaff takes a seat to be replaced by Barnes.,0

Howe has gone to the bench here as Joelinton replaces Anderson in the first of three changes for Newcastle,,0

Casemiro enters the book here, whether it was for his tug on Isak or his reaction to the foul being given is unclear...either way he's on a booking now.,2

GOOOOOOOOALLLLL! MAN UNITED ARE BACK IN FRONT! It's another corner, as this time Trippier blocks Fernandes' cross on the left of the area. It's swung over from the Portuguese, it wasn't a great delivery but it's headed into the path of Diallo, who slams home his first Premier League goal on the half-volley past a helpless Dubravka! Manchester United lead Newcastle 2-1!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOAL! GORDON EQUALISES FOR NEWCASTLE! Well, you can't say Man United weren't warned. More sloppy play from the hosts sees Isak eventually slip in Murphy out wide on the right, his first-time cross is absolutely brilliant and Gordon applies the finishing touch from close range, Onana had no chance. Manchester United 1-1 Newcastle United!,1

Anderson is the first name into the book and he can have no qualms as he catches McTominay late in the challenge out on the right flank.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL! THE HOME SIDE HAVE THE LEAD! The initial break came from Wan-Bissaka but McTominay was crowded out. It's recycled by Diallo, whose pass somehow squirms all the way into the path of Mainoo, who is left wide open on the penalty spot. At first glance he looked offside but Trippier is playing him well on and he coolly finds the bottom-right corner. Manchester United lead 1-0!,1

Lukaku receives what should be the final booking of the game as he pokes the ball away from Fiorentina to waste some time as the hosts looked to take a free-kick.,2

GOALLLLL! 2-1 INTER! In the dying stages of the game, Lukaku pops up to powerfully head past Terracciano from close range. Initially, Barella had coasted down the right-hand side, before getting his head up and producing the perfect delivery onto the head of the Belgian inside the area.,1

Ranocchia, another who has accumulated a series of needless fouls, oversteps the mark one more time and referee Massa deems enough is enough, finally carding the Italian centre-back.,2

An accumulation of fouls in the last few minutes means that Hakimi is the next to go into Massa's book.,2

Vidal slides in on Venuti near the right-hand touchline and becomes Inter's third caution of the game.,2

Vidal nips in front of Igor and the centre-back slams into him, earning the Fiorentina man the next place in Massa's growing list of cautions.,2

Eriksen brings Kouame down in the middle of the park and the referee cautions the Dane for his cynical foul.,2

Hakimi comes on at right-wing back and replaces Young, who had been causing Biraghi problems all game.,0

GOALLLLL! 1-1! Bonaventura takes the corner and Quarta has two efforts which do not test Handanovic. The ball is then cleared to Kouame, who takes one touch on the edge of the area before smashing a right-footed volley into the top right corner.,1

Caceres is the second of the Viola's double change, as he is brought off for Venuti on the right-hand side.,0

Prandelli makes a double change, the first of which sees Vlahovic replace Eysseric, who was booked in the first half.,0

Perhaps still furious from the original penalty decision, Skriniar drags Bonaventura to the floor and becomes the first Inter name in the referee's book.,2

GOALLLL! 1-0 INTER! Terracciano dives to his right but Vidal smashes the penalty low down the middle to open the scoring from the spot.,1

Bonaventura is extremely late to his tackle with Martinez and, well after the ball has been played, catches the shin of the Inter forward. Referee Massa deems it enough to give Bonaventura the second caution of the game.,2

Martinez intercepts in the middle of the park and looks to break before Eysseric hacks at the forward's ankles, which rightfully earns him the first yellow card of the game.,2

For rushing up to question the referee after the clash between Vogt and Kane, Union centre-back Leite is also greeted with a yellow card.,2

Kane will not get away with this one either. The Bayern striker is cautioned for his role in the incident with Vogt.,2

Tensions are rising again! Vogt goes down in an off-the-ball incident with Kane before leaping to his feet to confront the England captain. The referee is quick to flash a yellow card at the centre-back.,2

Bayern's academy product Pavlovic comes on for Laimer, who has been his usual efficient self down the right-hand side.,0

There is another debut at Allianz Arena, with Bedia coming on for Haberer to make his first Union appearance.,0

After all the drama on the touchline, Tuchel sends on the experienced Muller for Musiala. That will, perhaps, bring some calm to proceedings.,0

For his part in the confrontation with Bjelica that sparked the chaos between both teams, Sane is cautioned by the referee after hitting the ball out of Bjelica's hands on the touchline.,2

It is, in fact, a double change for the visitors. Schafer also is introduced for Hollerbach, who offered little against a dominant Bayern defence.,0

Bjelica makes a second change of the game, sending on Roussillon for Gosens, who replaced the left wing-back in one of four alterations by Union for this match.,0

The referee shows his first yellow card of the game after Behrens clatters Kane with a late sliding challenge when the Bayern striker looked to break away following Neuer’s unconvincing punch towards the middle.,2

GOOOOOALLLLLL! BAYERN OPEN THE SCORING! The hosts are immediately on top in the second half as Kane smashes a left-footed strike from inside the area off Ronnow’s right-hand post. Guerreiro is the quickest to react, racing towards the loose ball before blasting an outside-of-the-boot effort with his left foot into the top-right corner. The Union goalkeeper has no chance and the visitors fall 1-0 down.,1

It is a Bayern debut! Dier comes on to join former Tottenham team-mate Kane, making his first appearance for the club. Upamecano is unable to continue after a hamstring issue in the first half.,0

Volland is deemed unfit to continue after a hefty blow to the back of his head from Upamecano earlier in this half. Bjelica leaves new signing Bedia on the bench for now, instead sending on Behrens to partner Hollerbach.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! AKPA AKPRO SCORES!!! 3-1 LAZIO!!!! The Italian side are back in control as the forward steers his strike past Hitz. Immobile makes a good run in the left inside channel and opts not to pull the trigger. Instead he cuts his offload back to Akpa Akpro, who gets the wrong side of Guerreiro and guides his effort into the back of the net. Clinical from the substitute.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! HAALAND GETS ONE BACK!! 2-1!!! Dortmund are back in the game with 19 minutes remaining. Haaland is in the right place at the right time to connect with Reyna's cross from the right flank. He coasts into the box unmarked and blasts a left-footed strike first time into the back of the net giving Strakosha no chance. Game on.,1

Bellingham is withdrawn at the break for Reyna. Favre is bolstering his attacking options on the field.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! IMMOBILE PUTS LAZIO AHEAD!!!! 1-0!! The Italian slots his strike past Hitz from close range, punishing the German outfit for losing possession at the back. Bellingham is closed down by Lucas and it allows Correa to slide a pass into the feet of Immobile in the box. He takes a touch before lifting his left-footed effort away from Hitz into the back of the net.,1

Another change coming up for Fulham, with Lookman the man leaving the pitch and he has been replaced by Anguissa.,0

Here is the enforced Everton change, with Rodriguez limping off around the pitch and he has been replaced by Bernard.,0

GOAL! Fulham double their lead as Maja makes it 2-0! Reed fires a low shot at goal, which Olsen does well to tip onto the post, but the rebound falls straight to the feet of Maja and he has a simple tap-in from just a few yards out. The Everton defence were slow to react and Maja capitalised.,1

The other change sees Coleman leave the pitch and Keane is his replacement, with Godfrey shifting out to right-back.,0

Here is the double substitution by Everton, with Davies the first to come off and he is replaced by King.,0

GOAL! Fulham take the lead, it’s 1-0! They finally break the deadlock and it comes just after the restart. Good move down the left wing, with Lookman feeding Aina on the overlap, who then slides the ball across goal to Maja and he slots it in from just a couple of yards out.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI NOTCHES A SIXTH BARCELONA GOAL!!!! 6-1!!!! Barca cut the home side apart with an intricate passing move that is finished by Messi, who scores his second of the game. Messi sends Alba down the left inside channel and he works a pass back to Trincao. The midfielder releases the Spaniard once again. His cutback is met by Messi in the middle, who drills a left-footed strike past Remiro.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BARRENETXEA GETS A GOAL BACK!!!! 5-1! The home side have a consolation goal courtesy of a stunning effort from Barrenetxea. He runs down the right flank and plays a one-two with Fernandez to reach the edge of the box. The full-back lines up a blast on his right foot that soars past Ter Stegen and into the top-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DEMBELE SCORES THIS TIME!!!!! 5-0 BARCELONA!!!!! The Catalan club have been rampant tonight and Dembele gets on the scoresheet with a crisp finish. He collects a pass from Moriba and charges at the Sociedad defence. The home side back off the Frenchman and allow him all the room in the world to strike a fine left-footed effort past Remiro.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI MAKES IT FOUR!!!!!! BARCELONA ARE ON FIRE!!!!! Busquets clips a sublime ball over the top and Messi produces the finish. The Spaniard is allowed to pick his spot with an arcing pass over the top of the Sociedad defence. Messi makes the run in behind and nudges an effort past the onrushing Remiro with his left foot. All too easy for the Catalan club. Messi marks his record-breaking appearance with a goal.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! DEST HAS HIS SECOND!!!! BARCELONA 3-0!!!!! The visitors notch a third goal to surely take the game away from Sociedad. Barca produce a sublime team move that results in Pedri releasing Alba down the left flank. He breaks past two defenders before placing a low ball across the face of goal. Dest is there to attack it with his left foot, steering a strike into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DEST FINISHES IN STYLE!!!! 2-0 BARCELONA!!!! The wing-back makes a good run into the right-inside channel and blasts a low strike past Remiro. Messi runs at the Sociedad defence and slides a perfect throughball into space of Dest to collect and pick his spot with a low drive into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GRIEZMANN CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! The Frenchman scores against his former club smashing home a strike on the rebound. Alba sends a dangerous delivery into the middle that Dembele fires at goal. Remiro makes a fine reaction stop, but the ball bounces into the path of Griezmann. He makes no mistake finding the back of the net with his left foot from six yards.,1

Isak takes a step past Busquets and the midfielder brings him down. The Barca man goes into the book for the challenge.,2

Local hero Ciofani comes on for Pinamonti in Baroni’s last throw of the dice in a match that he surely has to see as a winnable one.,0

Ariaudo finally comes off after struggling to shake off his knock, and Salamon comes on in his place.,0

18 minutes left for Gattuso to conjure something up, and he makes a double substitution. First, Laxalt is brought on for Castillejo to provide more pace and width.,0

Crisetig commits a bad foul on Bakayoko in front of the referee, and Guida has no choice but to book the Frosinone midfielder.,2

Donnarumma is booked by Guida in the game's first card due to some unprofessional behaviour directed towards him.,2

Steele receives a yellow for delaying the restart, with Brighton desperately wanting to hold onto their lead.,2

After the goal, De Zerbi is looking to bring on fresh legs in midfield, with Baleba coming on for Gilmour.,0

After opening the scoring for Brighton, Joao Pedro is given a yellow for his celebration, where he jumped into the crowd.,2

GOAAAAALLLL!!!!! 1-0!! BRIGHTON TAKE THE LEAD! The Seagulls have been dominating the game and they finally open the scoring. Lallana lays the ball into the path of Gross, who fires it into the feet of Joao Pedro inside the box. He shifts it onto his right and unleashes a strike towards the top corner, and it flies into the back of the net! What a finish from the Brazilian!,1

Mitoma is booked for a rough challenge. It looked like an accident, but he certainly caught his opponent.,2

Gattuso is looking to hold out for a draw, bringing on defensive midfielder Kondogbia, adding some fresh legs with Veretout coming off.,0

Adingra is the first Brighton player to be taken off, with Ferguson coming on in his place. It means a slight reshuffle up top for the Seagulls, with Joao Pedro going out wide and Ferguson playing through the middle.,0

Marseille make another change, but this time in defence. Murillo will enter the fray while Lodi's game is over, and he leaves the pitch.,0

Gattuso makes his first alteration of the game with Vitinha coming off. Ndiaye comes on in his place.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! 1-1! Lamela finds Kane in space on the left of the Barcelona box and the striker sends a low ball across the area. Lucas sticks out a boot from close range, connects and it flies past Cillessen into the back of the net!,1

Lamela comes on for Walker-Peters; this will mean a change of formation or a new right back for Spurs. Sissoko looks like the man to drop into defence.,0

It looks like Rakitic picked up an injury in that first half. He is replaced at half time by Busquets.,0

Walker-Peters drags Miranda to the floor on the Barcelona left, conceding a free-kick and gets the first yellow card of the night.,2

GOAL! A hammer blow for Spurs, as Barcelona take the lead. A Spurs free-kick is headed clear by Barcelona and Dembele receives the ball in his own half. He runs at Walker-Peters, beats him easily and sprints into the Spurs box. Dembele descends on Lloris and just as he looks like he is going to hit it with his right foot, he cuts inside a diving Winks and slots a left-footed shot past the keeper to make it 1-0.,1

RAMOS ADDS A SECOND TO HIS TALLY! 4-0! A Marseille free-kick inside PSG’s half is easily cleared by Mukiele, whose header sparks Kolo Muani into life on the counter-attack. The striker is allowed to run the length of the pitch before sending an inch-perfect pass across the face of goal for Ramos, who tucks it away easily!,1

Lodi clumsily tangles himself with Kolo Muani on the edge of the penalty area, giving PSG yet another set-piece in a dangerous position.,2

Hakimi is given an early rest with PSG making a number of changes. Mukiele is chosen to see out the remainder.,0

Veretout sticks his leg out and catches Ugarte cynically, which prompts the referee to brandish the yellow card.,2

Dembele is given a rest with 21 minutes left to go in the game. Ruiz gets a chance to stretch his legs.,0

THREE FOR PSG! 3-0! Dembele is allowed to travel the length of Marseille’s half in possession before picking his head up on the edge of the penalty area and sending a cross towards Ramos, who beats Mbemba to the ball and tucks his diving header past the outstretched hand of Lopez!,1

A POACHER’S FINISH TO MAKE IT 2-0! Hakimi finds a pocket of space 25 yards from goal and hammers a low, powerful shot that cannons off the base of the post. In the right place at the right time, Kolo Muani manages to keep onside and tuck the rebound neatly into the open goal!,1

Confirmation of the enforced change, with Mbappe heading straight down the tunnel with a member of the medical staff beside him. Ramos is brought in as his replacement just after the half-hour mark.,0

SIMPLY SUBLIME! 1-0 PSG! Hakimi steps up and strikes the deadball, using his toe to wrap the set-piece around the wall and sends his effort into the perfect spot in the top corner! Despite his full-length dive, Lopez had no chance to get to the full-back’s hit, which gives the hosts the lead!,1

It's 2-0!!! Guimaraes doubles his side's lead as Arsenal's Champions League dreams look to be in tatters. A through ball from Burn to Wilson sees Ramsdale rush out of his goal. The goalkeeper manages to tip the ball away from Wilson but it ends up at the feet of Guimaraes, who fires home despite Cedric's last-ditch attempt to clear it off the line.,1

Nketiah goes in the book for an aerial foul on Schar. The Swiss defender has come off badly here, and there's some concern.,2

GOOOOALLLL!!! If the home fans were happy with their goal, they're not smiling any more. Fernandinho sends MAhrez through one-on-one, and the Algerian makes no mistake to make it 5-1 to City!!!,1

GOOOALLLL!!!! Brugge have their goal at long last and it's Vanaken!!! He gets lucky as the ball deflects to him off several City defenders' legs, but the Brugge captain does very well to half-volley home a first time effort to make it 4-1!!!,1

GOOOALLLLL!!!! What a moment for Cole Palmer!!!! Sterling sets the youngster up on the edge of the box, and the 19-year-old slots the ball past Mignolet effortlessly to make it 4-0 to City!!!,1

Balanta smashes into Grealish and is rightly booked - meaning he will miss the next match for Brugge.,2

GOOOALLLL!!!! City have their third!!! It's Walker who rampages forward and plays a quick one-two with De Bruyne. The Belgian's pass back to him is perfectly weighted and Walker slides the ball underneath Mignolet, in very similar fashion to his opposite full-back's opener! 3-0 to City, and surely no way back for Brugge now.,1

N'Soki, who conceded the penalty, catches De Bruyne late and is booked. Not the best few minutes for the Brugge defender.,2

GOOOALLLL!!! City double their lead and it's 2-0!!!! Mahrez, who won the penalty, sends Mignolet the wrong way to dispatch the spot-kick and likely send City into half-time with a two-goal cushion!,1

GOOOALLLL!!!! You can't say that this hasn't been coming!!! Cancelo latches onto a beautiful diagonal cross from Foden, chests the ball down, and slots it underneath Mignolet!!! It's no more than City deserve, and they lead 1-0!,1

WERNER SCORES! He given a lot of space as he cuts inside from the left again and the defenders don't get to him in time. He controls it before firing his shot across goal and into the far side of the net. 3-0 Chelsea! ,1

ZOUMA SCORES! It's a brilliant header from the defender, who's unmarked in the middle as he rises above the rest of the players in the box to get on the end of the corner and it's past Pope before he even sees it. 2-0 Chelsea! ,1

ZIYECH SCORES! He's played in by Abraham on the edge of the box and he keeps his shot low as he drills it towards goal. It's through Taylor's legs and there's nothing Pope can do to stop the shot. 1-0 Chelsea! ,1

A crude lunging challenge by Lamela checks Bellingham's progress just a few feet outside Sevilla's area. That's another yellow card, but also a dangerous free-kick for Real Madrid.,2

Felling Ocampos on the very edge of the box, Camavinga receives a yellow card - the sixth of today's game.,2

A cynical trip on Bellingham helps Soumare stop Madrid's counter-attack. However, it costs him a yellow card.,2

Going for all three points now, Ancelotti removes Rodrygo and sends on a more conventional striker, Joselu, to replace him.,0

MADRID LEVEL IT! Almost straight away, the visitors equalise! Meeting a free-kick from Kroos at the near post, Carvajal leaps high to guide the ball in past Nyland and make it 1-1 at the Sanchez-Pizjuan! Game on!,1

Receiving warm applause as he departs, Gudelj makes way for Bade, who will slot in alongside Sergio Ramos in Sevilla's back four.,0

Ancelotti decides that something must change, as his team continue to be frustrated by Sevilla. First, Tchouameni makes way for Camavinga in midfield.,0

GOOAALLLLL!! 3-0 PSG! If this tie wasn’t already over it is now. Mbappe races over the halfway line and Djalo can’t keep up with him. The Frenchman reaches the area, chipping over the incoming Maignan with his right foot and the ball bounces into the empty net.,1

Ikone gets cautioned for his involvement in the altercation with Danilo after the referee hadn't awarded a second penalty to Lille.,2

Perhaps aware of the trouble Mbappe has caused on the left-hand side, Galtier sends on Pied to replace Celik.,0

Lille continue to chase the game as they send on Ikone to partner David up top. The substitute forward replaces midfielder Araujo.,0

Danilo comes on for the final 20 minutes and replaces Gueye, who was cautioned for his foul on Soumare in this half.,0

Soumare drives inside, past the tackle of Paredes and into the tackle of Gueye, who clips the midfielder's ankles and rightfully becomes the next name in the referee's book.,2

At the same time as Andre's introduction, Bamba replaces Weah, who had struggled to make an impact on this cup tie.,0

Another booking comes for Lille, who are quickly losing any form of discipline they once had. This time it is Xeka who goes into the book for flying into a late tackle on Rafinha near the halfway line. Galtier and his men need the half-time whistle just so they can calm down.,2

GOOOOOALLLL!!! 2-0 PSG! Mbappe makes no mistake from the penalty spot, blasting his right-footed strike into the top right corner. Maignan dives the right way but no goalkeeper would be able to stop that effort! The Frenchman wheels away in celebration and Pochettino will be delighted with his immediate influence on this Coupe de France tie.,1

Djalo becomes the third booking as he gets cautioned for his excessive protests after the penalty decision.,2

After playing with 10 men for five or so minutes, Mbappe finally comes on to replace the injured Icardi. The Frenchman's introduction will not have been what Pochettino wanted but he had no choice as Icardi limped off earlier.,0

Bradaric is the first Lille name in the book as he crashes into the back of Di Maria, hacking at the Argentine's ankles and giving away a free-kick in the right-hand channel.,2

GOALLLLLL! 1-O PSG! Di Maria latches onto a long ball in the right-hand channel, cutting in and crossing towards the front post. Djalo and Maignan fail to communicate, meaning the goalkeeper parries into Icardi, who taps-in to an empty net from inside the six-yard area. While the Argentine's cross was a bouncing ball from out wide, Maignan and Djalo have to be doing better to deal with the initial delivery there.,1

An early booking comes for Rafinha as he slides in late and over the top of the ball on Soumare in the middle of the park. That is not an ideal start for the Brazilian, who will now have to tread carefully for the next 87 minutes.,2

Arsenal are making a triple change now, and Odegaard won't get a chance to go for a hat-trick as he's replaced by Smith Rowe.,0

Third change for Bournemouth now and Billing, who seemed to pull up with a problem moments ago, is replaced by Christie.,0

The ball bounces up in front of White, but Smith kicks the defender's legs in his attempt to win it. He's shown a yellow card.,2

SALIBA SCORES! And what a goal it is! The free-kick is taken short to Martinelli and he clips a great cross into Xhaka at the far post. He squares it to Saliba on the edge of the box and he lifts his shot over the crowd in the box and it curls into the top corner out of Travers' reach. 3-0 Arsenal!,1

It's a clumsy one by Jesus on the back of Cook as he tries to stop the attack, and he goes into the book.,2

Bournemouth are making a double change at the break. Senesi is the first to go off, with Anthony replacing him.,0

Zemura has his arms all over Saka before he goes to ground in an attempt to trip him. He receives the first booking of the game.,2

ODEGAARD SCORES AGAIN! It's more good work from Arsenal and they work it down their right this time. White makes a great overlapping run before pulling it back from the byline to pick out Jesus on the penalty spot. His first touch gets away from him, but Odegaard is there to rifle it past Travers. 2-0 Arsenal!,1

ODEGAARD SCORES! It's a great start for Arsenal! It started with Jesus' great work in midfield as he spun away from Senesi and brushed off three other players before teeing up Martinelli. His shot is well saved by Travers, but the rebound falls straight to Odegaard who slots it into the empty net. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL! NELSON HAS WON IT FOR ARSENAL! IT'S 3-2! Bournemouth's hearts are broken at the last by Nelson! The corner is cleared only as far as the substitute, who takes a touch to set himself and steers a brilliant left-footed half-volley beyond Neto and into the top-right corner! The Emirates goes wild! What a moment this could be in the title race!,1

Mepham slides through the back of Martinelli and is booked. The Arsenal players are not happy with that challenge, but on second viewing, the Wales defender did not make much contact!,2

Arsenal make another change. Xhaka will take his usual place on the left of their midfield three, with Vieira going off.,0

Christie replaces Ouattara for Bournemouth. Having looked set for victory at 2-0 up, they would surely take a point now!,0

Amid the Arsenal celebrations, Bournemouth make another change. Cook is on in midfield, with Rothwell withdrawn.,0

GOAAAAAAAAAL! ARSENAL LEVEL IT UP! WHITE WITH THE GOAL! It's all square at the Emirates as White's volley crosses the goal line! Nelson's first involvement sees him scamper to the byline and stand up an inch-perfect cross for White, who volleys into the ground. Neto attempts to claw it out, but he does so from behind the goal line! The referee looks to his watch for confirmation, and it's 2-2!,1

Arteta makes another change in a bid to reinvigorate Arsenal's attack. Smith Rowe, on as a first-half substitute, is being substituted after a period on the sidelines. Nelson is on out wide.,0

Neto stays down on the goal line in the aftermath of the goal, and is being vocal in his complaints to the referee. Chris Kavanagh books him for time-wasting, much to the crowd's delight!,2

GOAAAL! GAME ON AS PARTEY MAKES IT 2-1! Arsenal desperately needed something to drop for them in attack, and it's finally happened as Partey taps home! The Gunners' corner was cleared as far as Smith Rowe, who headed back into the six-yard box for Partey to finish!,1

GOAAAAAAAL! BOURNEMOUTH HAVE A 2-0 LEAD, CAN YOU BELIEVE IT? Arsenal are all at sea as Senesi attacks Rothwell's left-wing corner. The Bournemouth man is totally unopposed as he crashes a header into the back of the net! Arsenal have a mountain to climb now!,1

Trossard cannot continue. He limps off to be replaced by Smith Rowe. With both Jesus and Nketiah absent, that could be a huge blow to Arsenal's hopes of a fightback.,0

GOAAAAAAAAL! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD 1-0 WITHIN 10 SECONDS! This is remarkable as the Cherries hit the front straight from kick-off! Solanke works the ball out to Ouattara, whose low cross from the right wing takes a deflection and is turned home by Billing six yards out! That wasn't in the script!,1

Favre turns to Schmelzer late on. Two-goal Guerreiro, who has been a major threat all game, is the player to make way.,0

Matondo shows some good footwork to take the ball past a couple of players. The Wales international delays the shot for a little too long, though, and he slides in on Hakimi after losing control of the ball to earn a yellow card.,2

Sancho is brought on for Hazard, who limps off the field after picking up a knock. That is a worrying sign for Dortmund boss Favre on what has otherwise been a very positive first day back at the office.,0

Dortmund skipper Piszczek loses his footing and handles the ball when attempting to cut out a pass. The referee reaches into his pocket for the third time today.,2

Favre turns to his bench for the first time today by bringing on young defender Balerdi for the vastly more experienced Delaney.,0

GOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! DORTMUND 4-0 SCHALKE!!! This is a brilliant fourth goal for Dortmund, who have hit the ground running on their return to Bundesliga action. Brandt spreads the ball to Guerreiro and the wing-back exchanges passes with Haaland. With just Schubert to beat, he uses the outside of his left boot to scoop the ball past the visiting goalkeeper.,1

Delaney and Serdar battle for an aerial ball. The Dortmund man is penalised for leading with his elbow, becoming the second player to enter the referee's book.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! DORTMUND 3-0 SCHALKE!!! That should do it! Schalke have started the second half well but they are caught out on the counter. The ball is played forward quickly and Hazard thumps a shot past Schubert from 19 yards after being teed up by Brandt. Once again, the visiting keeper should have been doing a lot better.,1

Burgstaller is on for Todibo in the second of Schalke's substitutions. It looks as though Wagner has changed system for the start of the second period.,0

Wales international Matondo is brought on for Raman as part of a double change ahead of the second half.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! DORTMUND 2-0 SCHALKE!!! Schubert is put under pressure and Dortmund capitalise on his weak clearance. Within about four seconds the ball is played into the path of Brandt, and he in turn feeds Guerreiro to clinically fire across a red faced Schubert into the far corner.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! DORTMUND 1-0 SCHALKE!!! Brandt flicks the ball into the path of Hazard and the forward - a late addition to the starting line-up - sends a cross into the middle. Haaland, as he so often does, makes the finish look easy as he opens up his body and guides the ball away from Schubert.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HWANG HAS A DEBUT GOAL!!!!!! 2-0 WOLVES!!!!! The visitors double their lead as two substitutes combine to surely get the Midlands outfit off the mark this season. Podence opens up the Watford defence with a neat turn in the right-inside channel. He supplies a perfect cross to the back post. Marcal steers an effort towards goal that is blocked, but Hwang pounces on the rebound and hammers home his strike.,1

Lage hands a debut to Wolves' new signing Hwang in the final third. Trincao makes way for the visitors.,0

RED CARD! Palace down to 10 men! Five minutes after his booking, Doucoure is late again on Chambers. The referee is left with little option but to show a second yellow card.,3

Conte moves to try and secure Inter's advantage by replacing Martinez with the midfielder, Gagliardini.,0

SKRINIAR RESTORES INTER'S LEAD! 2-1! The away side work a clever short corner that ends with Brozovic curling in a dangerous cross that's met firmly by Skriniar, who powerfully pushes a header beyond a motionless Silvestri!,1

ILIC EQUALISES! 1-1! Faraoni rides a challenge from Young before clipping a poor cross straight at Handanovic. However, the goalkeeper manages to spill the ball on the line and Ilic wriggles in to poke it into the net!,1

Verona instantly make a double substitution after falling behind. First of all, Colley makes way for Ruegg.,0

MARTINEZ! 1-0 INTER! Hakimi sizes up the defender near the right-hand side before curling in a clever cross to the front post where Martinez is on hand to steer a volley across Silvestri and in!,1

Dawidowicz is replaced by Lovato in defence. There didn't appear to be an obvious injury, so this could potentially be a tactical change following the yellow card.   ,0

Milan make their final changes of the game, the first sees the return of Ibrahimovic as he replaces Leao.,0

Leao is booked for diving, after he raced forward on the counter and seemed to anticipate contact from a Torino player, which didn't come.,2

Another change by the visitors now, with Rincon the man coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Segre.,0

Dalot is booked after he rugby tackles Murru to the ground in order to stop him from breaking into the penalty area.,2

The visitors make a double change now, the first of which sees Izzo come off and he has been replaced by Zaza.,0

Another Milan change now, with Diaz the man coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Calhanoglu.,0

Here is the enforced Milan substitution, with Tonali leaving the pitch on a stretcher and he has been replaced by Dalot.,0

Torino have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Gojak the man coming off and he has been replaced by Linetty.,0

Tonali is booked after he tugs at the shirt of Gojak and brings him down inside the Milan half as he looked to break forward on the counter.,2

Romagnoli is booked after he catches Lyanco late around 25 yards out and it hands Torino a free-kick in a good shooting position.,2

Diaz is the first Milan player to be booked after he trips up Belotti as he tried to break away into the final third.,2

GOAL! Milan double their lead, it's 2-0! Kessie steps up to take the penalty and he coolly converts, sending Sirigu the wrong way as he slots the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Rincon after he barged into Hernandez and the left-back has to receive some medical treatment following the challenge.,2

GOAL! Milan take the lead, it’s 1-0! Hernandez cuts in from the left wing and races past a couple of Torino defenders, before quickly laying it off to Diaz, who then flicks it through to Leao who gets in behind and slots it comfortably past Sirigu and into the back of the net.,1

Dybala leads a counter-attack on the left but Ekkelenkamp hauls Ronaldo down in the centre-circle. The referee waves play on but with no support, the Argentine turns back and the momentum is lost. When the ball eventually goes out of play, the substitute is booked. ,2

Pjanic hauls Neres down as the tricky Brazilian gets the better of him and the referee shows him a yellow card. ,2

Schone is replaced by Ekkelenkamp as  Ten Hag looks to freshen up his midfield and maintain intensity.,0

Meanwhile, Matuidi is forced off with that knock and Dybala comes on in a positive change by Allegri. ,0

Schone slides in late on Bernardeschi and picks up a deserved yellow card, which he accepts without protest. Not a good challenge.,2

Allegri decides he's seen enough and makes his first change. Mandzukic - who has barely touched the ball all night - is replaced by Costa, with Ronaldo taking a more central position.,0

Ajax produce a lovely, flowing move as they sweep across the pitch from deep in their half to the left wing, but it breaks down on the edge of the box and De Jong is then booked for hauling down his man to prevent the counter-attack. ,2

GOAL!! AJAX ARE LEVEL! Neres produces a stunning solo strike moments after kick-off, drifting in from the left and curling a shot into the top-right corner past a sprawling Szczesny! It's 1-1! ,1

GOAL!! JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! They've been growing back into the game and who else could it be but Ronaldo! Cancelo dinks a lovely ball into the box and Ronaldo ghosts in unmarked before diving to thump a header in that Onana gets a hand to, but can't keep out! It's 1-0 to Juventus! ,1

Neres is fouled by Bentancur, but with the referee taking his time over his decision, Tagliafico dives in and makes a cynical challenge to prevent a counter-attack. He's then booked, meaning he misses the next game, even though the decision goes Ajax's way. That's a big miss for the Eredivisie outfit. ,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI MAKES IT TWO!!! BARCELONA 2-0!!! The dam has broken and Messi surely secures the win and potentially the LaLiga crown for Barca with a low strike. The Argentine found space on the right flank and surged into the inside channel. Fortune was on his side as Gimenez just lost out in the tackle, despite getting a foot to the ball. Even with a crowd of players surrouding him, Messi held his composure to pick his spot, finding the bottom corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SUAREZ GETS THE BREAKTHROUGH!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! Out of nowhere the home side take the lead. Suarez collects the ball on the edge of the box and takes a touch to create room for a strike on his right foot. He bends his effort towards the bottom corner where it beats the outstretched hand of Oblak to nestle into the back of the net. The Uruguayan does it again for Barca.,1

Pique brings down Morata on the left flank and it hands Atletico a free-kick in a dangerous position. The defender is booked for the challenge.,2

Malcom comes on to the field for Arthur. Barca are going for the kill by adding another attacker into the final third.,0

Morata replaces Filipe Luis for the visitors. Another reshuffle in the Atletico formation that may see Griezmann drop back into the midfield.,0

Godin is also booked for making his feelings known to the referee. It's not a good look for Atletico.,2

OFF! COSTA IS GIVEN A STRAIGHT RED CARD! The Atletico forward has been given his marching orders by the referee. He was not happy with a decision and went straight up the official. He let his feelings known and seemingly overstepped the mark. Referee Jesus Gil Manzano brandished the red card, prompting a furious reaction from the Atletico players. Costa has to be escorted from the field by Pique of all people.,3

Herrera loses his footing in midfield and Yokuslu is quickly on the loose ball. The Atletico midfielder drags down his opponent to stop him breaking clear and is shown a yellow card.,2

Aspas leaves the field with the game almost over. Bradaric will have a few minutes to make a difference.,0

Celta goalkeeper Blanco has picked up an injury and is unable to continue. Villar is introduced in his place.,0

Gimenez kicks Aspas in the face with his boot when attempting to win the ball. The referee is right to show the centre-back a yellow card.,2

Correa has been Atletico's liveliest player today but makes way for Lemar with a little over 15 minutes to go.,0

It is a triple substitution for Atletico as Sanchez comes on for Lodi in a like-for-like change at full-back.,0

Llorente has been unable to continue his impressive form today. He is replaced by Vitolo with 22 minutes to go.,0

Mendez does not look too happy to be replaced before the hour mark. Rafinha is brought on in his place.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! CELTA 1-1 ATLETICO!! The visitors struck early in the first half and Celta have done likewise in the second. Beltran sends the ball spinning over Oblak with a pretty outrageous volley from 12 yards. He does not get the contact he would have liked, but he does enough to pick out the top-left corner - what a strike!,1

Correa knocks the ball past Saenz and the Celta defender sticks out an arm to halt his opponent's run. ,2

Seconds after Mendez entered the referee's book, Lodi is booked for a challenge on Mallo - a very harsh decision.,2

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! CELTA 0-1 ATLETICO!! The visitors open the scoring inside a minute at Balaidos! Aspas gives the ball away and Arias plays it inside to Correa, who crosses for Morata to convert five yards from goal.,1

GAME, SET, MATCH! Bayern make it 3-0 as Lewandowski puts the match to bed on the counter, turning in Muller's low cross from eight yards. What a turn of events here, as Bayern apply the finishing touches just moments after a stunning save from Neuer denied the hosts an equaliser!,1

The referee brings play back to show Martinez yellow for a bad foul in the build-up to that Hoffenheim chance.,2

Hoffenheim introduce Szalai to lead the line for the final 10 minutes, as he replaces Joelinton up top.,0

Changes for both sides now ahead of the final 10 minutes. Bayern bring on James as they look to inject some fresh legs into midfield, with Thiago replaced.,0

Bayern go to the bench for the first time tonight as Gnabry replaces Coman in a straight swap on the flank.,0

Posch comes crashing through the back of Goretzka and that will see him into the book. It's the third yellow card produced by the referee tonight, all of which have been shown to Hoffenheim players.,2

HOFFENHEIM PULL ONE BACK! 2-1! Game on at PreZero Arena as Schulz bends a delicious effort in at the far post from 20 yards to cap off a lightning-quick counter from the hosts! Neuer reacted well and still couldn't keep that out at full-stretch!,1

Grillitsch doesn't wait long to mak an impact, as he finds himself into the referee's book less than 60 seconds after coming on, for a foul on Thiago.,2

Geiger is also introduced by the hosts, at the expense of Demirbay. This is more of a straight swap in midfield.,0

Hoffenheim go to the bench for the first time tonight as Grillitsch comes on to replace Vogt, which should see the hosts switch to four at the back.,0

STUNNING FINISH! BAYERN LEAD 2-0! That's a piece of brilliance from Goretzka, and a real blow to Hoffenheim as Bayern double their lead on the counter! Alaba swings a cross in for Goretzka, who does so well to slide to meet it, while still managing to send a controlled finish in at the far post! How has he steered that in from on the ground?!,1

BAYERN HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! That's been a long time coming. Alaba is again prominent in the build-up as his cross finds Lewandowski. Baumann manages to turn aside the striker's header from point-blank range, but he's unable to deny Goretzka on the follow up as a result of an unlucky defelction off Vogt.,1

A cynical foul from Vogt sees him into the book as he tugs back on the shirt of Lewandowski in an attempt to win the ball back. That's the first yellow card of the match.,2

That chance was Kvaratskhelia's last involvement in the game as Ngonge replaces him for the final minute or so.,0

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! Roberto cuts inside from the left, playing a one-two with Gundogan to open a pocket of space in the box. He could go for goal himself, but he unselfishly squares it to Lewandowski, who is left with a simple tap-in into the bottom corner. That should just about do it now, with Barca 3-1 up!,1

Raphinha was a doubt coming into this game due to an ankle injury, but he's lasted just over 80 minutes before being taken off. Joao Felix is brought on to replace him.,0

Napoli are making their third change now, and it's Traore, who is on a yellow card, that's going off for Raspadori.,0

Rui had the beating of Yamal before going off, but Olivera doesn't have the same luck. His first involvement is a heavy tackle on the youngster, and he goes into the book.,2

Napoli are making a double change of their own now. Politano, who has looked a real threat down the right, goes off for Lindstrom.,0

Traore takes out his frustration at another attack breaking down on Gundogan, and he picks up a yellow card.,2

Xavi is making the first changes of the game as he looks to regain the control they had in the early periods of the game. Fermin, who scored the opening goal, goes off for Roberto.,0

The ball is never there for Jesus, and he stretches out a leg to try and win it off Gundogan, only to catch the midfielder. He gets a yellow card for it.,2

Rui knocks it past Yamal, who gets drawn in by the defender and sweeps his leg from under him. He's the second Barcelona man into the book.,2

RRAHMANI PULLS ONE BACK! Out of nowhere, Napoli are back in this game! Traore slides it forward for Politano, and he pushes past Cancelo so he can pull it back from the byline. Rrahmani, who came up from the back, has acres of space in the box, and he side-foots a composed finish past Ter Stegen into the bottom left corner. 2-1!,1

While Lobotka is down receiving treatment, the referee shows Christensen a yellow card for his poor challenge on the midfielder.,2

CANCELO SCORES! And just like that, Barcelona double their lead! Napoli committed bodies forward as they pushed for a quick equaliser, and they left themselves exposed. The hosts counter quickly, and Raphinha cuts inside from the left before curling his shot against the far post. Cancelo is following in though, and he drills his first-time shot into the net. 2-0 Barca!,1

FERMIN SCORES! This time, he takes his chance! Cancelo is hugging the left touchline, and he slides a good throughball to pick out Raphinha's run ahead of him. He isn't picked up and pulls it back into the middle. Lewandowski lets it run to Fermin, who is also unmarked, and he coolly slots it past Meret and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Barca!,1

GAME OVER! Napoli 3-1 Inter! Gaetano seals the deal, as a stretched Inter defence disintegrates. With Onana left exposed, Simeone plays his fellow substitute in via a short pass across the box, and he finds the bottom-right corner!,1

NAPOLI BACK IN FRONT! With a sublime moment of inspiration, the captain strikes! Di Lorenzo steams up from right-back to reach the edge of the area, then picks out the top-left corner by placing a curling shot into the net from 20 yards out - opening goalscorer Anguissa played him in! It's 2-1 to the hosts in Naples!,1

Spalletti responds to Inter's equaliser by making two more changes. First, Gaetano replaces Zielinski in midfield.,0

LUKAKU STRIKES! Somehow, Inter draw level! They've barely left their half since the interval, but the 10-man Nerazzurri bring it back to 1-1! Dimarco adds another assist to his growing haul, as he whips over a low cross from the left for Lukaku to steer past a motionless Meret!,1

Inter bring on two fresh wing-backs. First, Correa's thankless shift up front comes to an end, as Dimarco arrives from the bench.,0

Napoli make a further change, as Kim is replaced by ex-Inter defender Jesus for the final few minutes.,0

NAPOLI LEAD! Using the element of surprise, Anguissa whips a volley on the turn into the net via Onana's left glove! Finally, Inter's resistance is broken, as the midfielder controls Zielinski's low pass and strikes first time: it's 1-0 to the champions!,1

After bringing down Brozovic in midfield, Elmas is shown a yellow card which means that he'll be suspended for next week's match against Bologna.,2

INTER DOWN TO 10 MEN! The Nerazzurri's task has just become much tougher! Having been warned several times since his earlier booking, Gagliardini receives a second yellow card for an ill-timed tackle on Anguissa in midfield. He's off!,3

For diving in recklessly to a tackle on Di Lorenzo, Gagliardini becomes the first player booked by the referee today.,2

Getafe appear to have run out of steam. Kenedy scythes down Roberto and is shown the fifth yellow card of the game - the sixth including the one shown to Bordalas in the first half.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! BARCELONA 2-1 GETAFE!!! Game on at Camp Nou! Rodriguez gets between Pique and Roberto to send a delightful side-footed volley away from Ter Stegen into the bottom-right corner from 16 yards out. That is a stunning finish and it means Barca have a little something to think about!,1

After a bit of aerial pinball, Umtiti catches Mata in the head with his elbow. There did not look to be any real intent but he is shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! BARCELONA 2-0 GETAFE!!!! Roberto doubles Barca's lead with a little over five minutes of the first half to play. Firpo sends in a dangerous cross from the left and Fati fails to make any connection with it, but Roberto is positioned behind him to side-foot past Soria.,1

GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! BARCELONA 1-0 GETAFE!!!! Umtiti feeds the ball to Messi and he plays a delightful first-time pass through the legs of Etxeita and into the path of Griezmann, who pokes the ball over Soria's body to open the scoring for Barcelona.,1

Gagliardini makes a cynical challenge out wide to prevent a Bologna counter and picks up a yellow card for his troubles. ,2

D'Ambrosio makes way at right-back for new signing Vrsaljko, who recently joined from Atletico Madrid.,0

GOAL! It's now 3-0! Perisic gets the goal he deserves, latching onto a cross on the left and cutting inside a defender, before curling a shot into the top-right corner of the goal! Bologna's faint hopes have been all but extinguished. ,1

GOAL! Candreva makes it 2-0! This game is surely over now. Perisic slides the ball through for the substitute, who races onto it and tucks it in at the near post! No fuss made, but Inter's celebrations are telling - they're sure they've just got their first win of the season.,1

Falcinelli off for Destro is Filipo Inzaghi's last roll of the dice as he searches for a late equaliser. ,0

Goalscorer Nainggolan makes way for Vecino in midfield. The debutant has shown his new fans exactly what they can expect from him today. ,0

GOAL!!! Nainggolan makes it 1-0 on his debut!! Politano feeds Nainggolan in the box, and the Belgian has a yard of space to flick the ball up with his first touch, before rifling a low volley into the bottom left corner of the net! That's Inter's first shot on target, and they've scored from it!,1

Dzemaili makes a poor challenge and tries to protest his innocence, but earns the first yellow card of the game. ,2

GOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR SOLANKE! 3-2 BOURNEMOUTH! The Cherries take the lead with just a couple of minutes left. Smith is not put under any pressure on the right, and he curls a deep cross into the box. Solanke goes up for a free header and plants his effort into the top corner. Turner gets a touch but cannot keep it out. Bournemouth came from behind to beat Forest 3-2 at the City Ground last campaign and it looks like it's going to happen again.,1

Forest make their fourth change. Gibbs-White got the assist for their equaliser and is now being replaced by Danilo, who has been reduced to minutes off the bench this campaign.,0

Toffolo has had the difficult job of dealing with the Bournemouth attacks down the right and is now coming off. It is a straight swap, with Aina replacing him for the final few minutes.,0

Ouattara has been fantastic for the Cherries, having 81 touches and making six tackles. He is now on his way off for Moore, who will add height to the attack.,0

Bournemouth looked in complete control, but are now being put under pressure. The Cherries make another change, with Brooks coming on for Billing.,0

GOALLLL! WOOD SCORES! 2-2! Forest are level! Yates wins a corner on the right and looks to inspire the crowd. Gibbs-White's outswinging corner finds Wood, who heads his effort across the goal and into the net. It looked like a tame header, but a slight deflection on the way through beats Neto.,1

Scott came on for the injured Cook in the first half but is now being replaced. Rothwell comes in the midfield.,0

Iraola makes his second change of the game. Semenyo was probably one poorly timed tackle away from a second yellow card and being taken off. Sinisterra takes his place on the wing.,0

Gibbs-White turns in possession and Christie slides through him before winning the ball. He is shown a yellow card.,2

Gibbs-White displays some tricky feet and is tripped by Semenyo, who is the first Bournemouth player to go into the book.,2

GOALLL! SOLANKE SCORES AGAIN! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! The Cherries have turned the score around. Forest fail to clear Bournemouth's short corner routine away, with Billing flicking a header through to Solanke. He is completely unmarked and fires his shot into the bottom corner.,1

GOALLL! SOLANKE SCORES! 1-1! Bournemouth respond almost immediately after going behind. Senesi collects the ball on the left and floats a cross towards the near post. Solanke gets there ahead of Murillo and loops a header over Turner.,1

GOALLL! ELANGA SCORES! 1-0 FOREST! What a start to the second half for the hosts. Scott is caught in possession by Wood, who feeds the ball down the right side of the box to Elanga. He keeps his composure and curls his low effort across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1

Forest make a change before the restart. Combative midfielder Mangala is replaced by Hudson-Odoi, who usually brings pace and energy on the wing.,0

Scott commits another foul soon after coming on and goes into the book. He dives in on Yates and gives away a free-kick.,2

Bournemouth make a straight swap in the midfield. Scott comes on for Cook. He is injured and cannot continue.,0

RED CARD! Forest are down to 10 men after Boly is shown a second yellow card. He slides through Smith and wins the ball, with the right-back stepping on his foot, but the referee gives it the other way and sends off Boly. VAR cannot get involved as it is a second yellow card.,3

Boly goes into the book inside five minutes for a foul on Solanke, who had rolled past him with possession.,2

Stuart Armstrong tries to carry on playing despite a throw-in being signalled, and proceeds to scoop the ball into the stands behind the goal. He's yellow carded, understandably given the blatant time-wasting.,2

Ralph Hassenhuttl throws caution to the wind and makes a triple change, the first of which sees Perraud come off for Juan Larios.,0

Billing has arguably been Bournemouth's biggest danger in attack, but the towering Dane comes off now, for an equally towering Welshman in Kieffer Moore.,0

Senesi comes off in Bournemouth's latest change, and midfielder Joe Rothwell, signed from Blackburn in the summer, comes on for his Cherries debut.,0

Walker-Peters has pulled up on the far touchline and won't be risked further, so Stuart Armstrong will come on for the Saints.,0

Aribo comes off for Southampton, and it's a defensively-minded change by Ralph Hassenhuttl, as the Nigeria forward is replaced by Brazilian centre-back Lyanco.,0

Christie comes off in the game's first alteration, and Junior Stanislas comes on to continue his return from injury for Bournemouth.,0

Maitland-Niles' reaction was arguably justified, but a tad extreme, and so he also picks up a yellow card for his involvement.,2

Mepham needlessly slides in on Maitland-Niles as the ball goes over the sideline, and there's a scuffle that follows, with the pair locked head-to-head until they are separated! Mepham is eventually booked for the challenge by the referee.,2

The hosts break and Christie releases Tavernier down the right. He races onto the ball put is dragged back by Perraud, who is booked by the referee for the foul!,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!! Southampton score first!!! Elyounoussi drifts across the edge of the box before passing wide to Perraud, who crosses back into the box. The unmarked Adams meets it with a superb glancing header, and the ball flies across Neto and into the far corner!!! That was some goal, and it's put the Saints 1-0 up at the Vitality!,1

CARRASCO WRAPS IT UP! 2-0! Atletico hit Salzburg with a sharp counter-attack as Correa races away down the right flank before standing up the perfect cross for an unmarked Carrasco to volley home at the back post!,1

Atletico make a second change to try and relieve the pressure - Suarez makes way for Correa in attack.,0

Savic is booked for a heavy tackle on Daka. He did manage to win the ball, but the challenge was too dangerous for the referee to let slide.   ,2

HERMOSO SCORES! 1-0 ATLETICO! Carrasco whips in a vicious cross from a free-kick and it swings towards the near post where Hermoso glances it across Stankovic and in!,1

Spurs take off the tireless Kulusevski, who played a vital role here by scoring their second goal. Bergwijn comes on.,0

Kane beats Young for pace in the centre circle and gets taken out by the Villa substitute. Young's booked for his cynicism.,2

Digne walks off with his right arm in a claret sling. Villa's elder statesman Young comes on at left-back.,0

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 0-4 TOTTENHAM! Son is shining for Tottenham! The South Korean completes his hat-trick by converting Kulusevski's cutback from the byline. This has been another excellent Spurs performance.,1

Coutinho's race is also run. The Brazilian's had a few good moments in this match. Buendia replaces him as Villa's creative fulcrum.,0

Villa make a few changes but they're surely too late. They needed to score in the first half when they were on top. Bailey takes Ings' place up front.,0

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 0-3 TOTTENHAM! This game is done. Son slams home his second goal of the game, as he's sent through on goal by a Kane headed pass. Spurs are frighteningly good at the moment. Imagine if they'd had Conte all season!,1

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 0-2 TOTTENHAM! Lloris launches forward from the back and again Villa get the header wrong. Kane manages to nod it down for Kulusevski, who surges into the box and slots into the bottom right corner of the net. It's a perfect start to the half for Spurs!,1

Hojbjerg gets booked for tugging down Coutinho after the Brazilian had beaten him with some trickery.,2

Ings welcomes Reguilon to the game by taking the Spaniard out. A yellow card is his reward. Villa look uncomfortably aggressive at the moment.,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA 0-1 TOTTENHAM! Spurs take an early lead! It's a simple goal too, as Kane lashes Konsa's poor header against Cash. The ball rebounds to Son who slots into the bottom left corner from the centre of the box.,1

United are looking to preserve their clean sheet and three points by bringing on another defender. Maguire is on for Sabitzer.,0

Sancho has constantly threatened Villa's defence with his direct dribbling and pace. However, he is now on his way off the pitch. Antony is given a chance to make an impression with 14 minutes left.,0

United make their first substitution of the game. Eriksen has been quiet in this game and is now coming off. Fred replaces him in the middle of the pitch.,0

Moreno has been one of Villa's best players this game but is now coming off after an exhausting 75 minutes. Digne is on at left-back.,0

Villa make their first change of the game. Sancho has had the beating of Young, with the Villa man now coming off. Chambers is on in his place.,0

GOALLLL! FERNANDES SCORES! 1-0 UNITED! The home side have been the better team and now have the lead. Casemiro's header allows Rashford to get behind the Villa defence and race down the left side before curling a low shot towards the goal. His tame attempt is pushed away by Martinez, but Fernandes is there to crash in the rebound. There is a VAR check for a possible offside against Rashford, but the goal is given.,1

Palmer comes off after an eclectic performance on the wing. Maatsen is on against his former side and is applauded by parts of Turf Moor.,0

Sterling won a penalty and scored Chelsea's third goal of the game. He is given a warm reception on his way off by the away fans, with Mudryk now on.,0

Odobert scored the opener and has shown flashes of quality, but is now coming off. Larsen takes his place.,0

GOALLL! JACKSON SCORES! 4-1 CHELSEA! What a goal from Jackson. Sterling holds off a defender before rolling past him. He bursts down the left and flashes a cross into the box that is recovered by Palmer. He plays it back across to Jackson, who turns past O'Shea and fires a low shot into the net.,1

Caicedo tries to control the ball under no pressure inside Chelsea's half, but it gets away from the midfielder. He then boots it away in frustration and is shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLL! STERLING SCORES! 3-1 CHELSEA! Sterling was vital in the Blues' first two goals and now has one to his name. Caicedo wins possession just inside Burnley's half and plays a pass into the feet of Gallagher. He rushes forward before sliding a throughball into Sterling, who finishes clinically. There was a VAR check for offside, but the goal stands.,1

Kompany has seen enough and has decided to make three changes to try and change the outcome of the game. Vitinho has struggled against Sterling and is now being replaced by Roberts.,0

GOALLL! PALMER SCORES! 2-1 CHELSEA! What a start to the half for Chelsea. Summer signing Palmer takes responsibility from the spot and rolls his effort down the right side of the goal. Trafford dives the other way.,1

Broja struggled to get into the game before the break and is now coming off. Jackson takes his place in the attack.,0

Al Dakhil scored the own goal that got Chelsea back into the game. He is coming off for O'Shea at centre-back.,0

Silva is the third Chelsea player to be shown a yellow card after blocking the path of a Vitinho, who was breaking forward.,2

Fernandez goes into the book a few seconds later after complaining about the decision. He is still talking to the referee alongside Gallagher.,2

Cucurella is shown the first yellow card of the game for a swipe on Odobert, who jumped over his challenge before going to the floor.,2

GOALLLL! 1-0 BURNLEY! The hosts have been behind the ball for most of the game but score with their first shot. Foster receives possession on the left and moves inside of Disasi and into the box. He is put under pressure by Silva, but is able to slide a pass across to Odobert. He takes one touch before driving his shot across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1

United make their final substitution and it's a debut for 17-year-old Garner, he comes on to replace Fred.,0

GOOOOAAALLL! United have their third goal, it's 3-1 and that's surely the victory wrapped up! Lukaku and Pogba link up well in the middle, just outside the box and Young gets forward on the overlap, Pogba plays him through on goal and the skipper fires the ball underneath the goalkeeper and the Palace defenders on the line, into the back of the net.,1

United make a double substitution, the first change sees Sanchez come off and he has been replaced by Rashford.,0

Sanchez is booked after a deliberate handball, along with protests regarding an earlier challenge which he believes should've been a free-kick, but nothing was given.,2

GOOOOAAALLL! Palace pull a goal back, it's 2-1! It's poor defending by United, they fail to deal with a ball into the box and Townsend works it out wide to Schlupp who drives forward and whips a great ball towards the far post, which Ward dives in to meet and he powers his header into the back of the net.,1

Here is the first Palace change of the game, with McArthur the man coming off and he has been replaced by Meyer.,0

GOOOOAAALLL! Lukaku gets his second goal of the game and makes it 2-0! Another opening from a set piece that Palace have failed to deal with. The corner is initially cleared, but it comes straight back in, with Lindelof flicking the ball onto Lukaku at the far post, who uses his strength to ease Schlupp out of the way and then loop the ball over the Palace keeper and into the top corner.,1

GOOOOAAALLL! Lukaku puts United ahead, they lead 1-0! It's terrific play by Shaw down the left wing, he drives inside, beats four Palace players and forces them out of their positions, opening the space for Lukaku as the ball comes to him. The striker curls the ball around Tomkins and into the bottom corner, with Guaita rooted to the spot.,1

Francisco Conceicao is shown a late yellow card for fouling Kessie and then kicking the ball away to waste time.,2

Taremi, who has disappointed for Porto here, is brought off by Sergio Conceicao and Pepe - not the former Real Madrid man - replaces him.,0

Luis Diaz, perhaps the best player on the pitch by some distance, is also substituted off for Bruno Costa.,0

Ibrahimovic, who scored a terrific free-kick against Roma, is sent on by Pioli for Giroud to lead the line.,0

Vitinha makes a needless sliding tackle on Krunic and becomes the latest name in referee Turpin's book.,2

Oliveira wanders off the pitch to a chorus of jeers from the home fans and Vitinha races on to replace the midfielder.,0

Tonali, who has arguably been Milan's best player, also comes off for Kessie in midfield as the second part of Pioli's double alteration.,0

Brahim Diaz, who has not long since returned from illness, makes way for Krunic as Pioli sends on the first of his double change.,0

Leao goes one way and then the other past Mbemba, who brings him down. The centre-back goes into the book to make matters worse for him in the past five minutes after scoring an own goal.,2

Tomori goes through the back of Taremi as the centre-back looks to get alongside the forward. However, the Englishman oversteps the mark and becomes the first Milan player in the book.,2

Grujic catches Tonali late and the Italian midfielder rolls around on the floor. Giroud and the hosts' players protest but the referee has already waved the yellow card at the Liverpool loanee.,2

Calabria, who may have picked up a knock on the stroke of half-time, makes way for Kalulu at the break.,0

GOOOOOALLLL! Grujic, in as a late replacement for Uribe, is afforded time on the edge of the area after dispossessing Bennacer and eventually squares to Luis Diaz. He takes one touch to settle himself before sliding into the bottom-right corner to make it 1-0 to Porto.,1

Delph is late on Calvert-Lewin in a challenge after the referee had already blown for a City free-kick. He goes into the book and is perhaps fortunate it's not more.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! STERLING PUTS CITY BACK IN CONTROL!! 3-1!!!! The home side regain their two-goal cushion as Sterling heads home from close range. Silva will be furious with Everton's defending as somehow 5ft 7in Sterling manages to squeeze between the 6ft plus pairing of Keane and Mina in the middle. He latches on to Fernandinho's pinpoint delivery from the left flank and he guides his effort beyond the reach of Pickford.,1

Sane has been City's best player this afternoon and is now withdrawn by Guardiola for Sterling. The German displays his frustration as he is replaced.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!! EVERTON ARE BACK IN THE GAME!!! 2-1!! Calvert-Lewin gets his team back in the contest with a headed effort, looping his attempt into the corner away from Ederson. The Toffees broke on the counter and Digne was afforded time to send a cross into the box. Calvert-Lewin rose above Delph to head at goal and the ball found the net with the aid of a slight deflection off the City defender. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!!! JESUS MAKES IT 2-0!!! CITY ARE IN COMPLETE COMMAND! The Brazilian notches his second of the game as he and Sane combine once again. Sane collects the ball in space on the left flank and he lifts a pinpoint cross into the middle. The ball evades Keane and travels on to the head of Jesus, who guides his header with power past Pickford.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! JESUS PUTS CITY AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead as Jesus slips the ball under Pickford into the net. Everton are the architects of their own downfall as a loose pass into the midfield allows City to seize possession through Gundogan. The midfielder finds Sane, who then releases the run of the Brazilian into the left inside channel and he slots his strike underneath the advancing keeper to put his team in front.,1

Ozcan nudges Joao Felix to the deck and goes into the book. Chelsea have another free-kick in a good position.,2

Ziyech probes again and draws a foul from Adeyemi that sees the winger head into the book. Chelsea have a free-kick in a good position.,2

Haller has come through another 68 minutes as he steps up his recovery. Modeste replaces the forward.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ADEYEMI SCORES ON A BLISTERING COUNTER!!!! 1-0 DORTMUND!!!!! Guerreiro releases Adeyemi and he does the rest with a brilliant run and finish. From the Chelsea corner that Thiago Silva cannot head home at the back post, Guerreiro offloads to Adeyemi who speeds away from Fernandez in the Blues' box. He still has work to do to round Kepa, but he glides past the keeper before slotting his effort into an empty net. A brilliant goal.,1

James surges to the edge of the Dortmund box and is nudged over by Can. He goes into the book and hands Chelsea a free-kick in a threatening position.,2

Thiago Silva guides James' cross from the left flank into the back of the net, but he does so with his arm. He gets booked for handball and Dortmund get a free-kick.,2

LENS PULL ONE BACK! Deep into stoppage time, Les Sang et Or have some reward for their endeavour. A cutback from the right byline by Sotoca drops to Guilavogui, who hammers his deflected shot past Donnarumma at the near post! It's now just 3-1 to Paris Saint-Germain.,1

3-0 PSG! Fabian Ruiz pulls the ball back from the right side of the box, finding Mbappe near the penalty spot. The latter's shot takes a couple of deflections but still spins into the bottom-left corner! That caps a good game for both PSG and their returning talisman.,1

Too tired to chase down one of the quickest men in French football, Gradit drags back Mbappe by the shirt and knows that a yellow card is inevitable.,2

Warm applause accompanies Zaire-Emery off the pitch, as the young midfielder makes way for Carlos Soler.,0

A tired touch sees Machado lose the ball to Hakimi in midfield, and the wing-back then hacks down his counterpart, earning himself a merited yellow card.,2

A vibrant performance by Dembele comes to an early conclusion, with Fabian Ruiz sent on to replace him.,0

Deciding that Zaire-Emery simply could not be left to sprint through towards goal, Spierings hauls his opponent back by the shoulders and takes a booking.,2

With less than 20 minutes remaining, Haise again turns to his bench for inspiration. Now, Fulgini makes way for Guilavogui.,0

As the game seems to be slipping away from them, Lens make another substitution: Thomasson is withdrawn, as high-profile signing Wahi comes on with the tall task of saving the day.,0

MBAPPE IS BACK! Starting for the first time since his latest transfer stand-off, PSG's star striker finds the net! Paris lead 2-0 now, as Mbappe exchanges passes with Hernandez before side-footing an unstoppable shot past Samba from 10 yards out!,1

ASENSIO STRIKES! PSG lead! Picking up the ball from Zaire-Emery just outside the Lens area, Asensio takes one step to set himself before steering home a curling shot into the bottom-right corner! Samba had no chance, and it's Paris 1-0 Lens just before the break!,1

After spending some time down on the turf receiving treatment, Sotoca stands up to see a yellow card flashed his way. He went over the top in a tackle on Ugarte and that was deemed worthy of a booking.,2

Marlos is replaced by Alan Patrick in midfield as Shakhtar search for more energy in the closing minutes.,0

Khocholava seems to have been struggling with a minor injury for a while and he's replaced by Matvienko at the back.,0

Shakhtar make a rare foray forward through Tete and Bastoni responds by cynically hauling the attacker over. ,2

SPEZIA PULL ONE BACK! Piccoli just waits in the middle of the box for the cross to come into him and he reaches the cross just ahead of Darmian and taps it into the back of the empty net to score a late consolation for Spezia. 2-1!,1

LUKAKU SCORES! He steps up to take the spot-kick and it's a confident strike from the forward. He sends Provedel the wrong way and fires his shot into the back of the net. 2-0 Inter! ,1

INTER LEAD! Hakimi's got a lot of space to run into down the right and he takes the shot as soon as he gets into the box before Mora can close him down. He keeps his effort low and beats Provedel at his near post. 1-0 Inter! ,1

Nzola is off balance when he tries to nick the ball off De Vrij and he ends up catching Barella in the face with his hand, so is shown a yellow card.,2

RAMSEY PULLS ONE BACK! Villa's high press finally pays off as Buendia turns on the edge of the box. He dummies a shot, forcing the defenders to commit to blocks, before he pulls it back to Ramsey. He runs onto it, hitting it first time, and rifles a brilliant long-range effort into the back of the net. 2-1!,1

West Ham's final change is a defensive one as they look to see out this win. Benrahma is taken off, with Diop on for him.,0

FORNALS SCORES! It's another brilliant, quick break from West Ham, and Villa just can't get close to them. It starts with Rice, who threads it through to Benrahma. He squares a great, low cross into the box and Fornals has a free run at it before he fires past Martinez and into the back of the net. 2-0 West Ham!,1

Final roll of the dice for Villa now, and it's an attacking change. Luiz is taken off, with Buendia on in his place.,0

YARMOLENKO SCORES! There's so much space in behind Villa and Benrahma's cross cuts straight through them. Yarmolenko takes a great first touch before turning and hitting the shot with the outside of his boot. It bounces under Martinez's outstretched hand, and it's clearly an emotional moment for the Ukrainian as he gets a long standing ovation from the crowd. 1-0 West Ham!,1

Cresswell briefly came back onto the pitch, but as soon as there was a break in play, he went back down. He goes off, and Fredericks is on to replace him.,0

Antonio has gone down again, and his knee is still causing him a problem. His game is done, so he's taken straight off, with Yarmolenko on to replace him.,0

Lanzini is waiting for the ball to bounce in front of him, but Luiz is coming in quickly behind him. The Brazilian is first to it and takes a high boot to the face in the process. Lanzini had no idea he was there, but he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Digne went down off the ball and after receiving treatment, he won't be able to carry on. He goes straight off, with Young on in his place.,0

GOOOAAALLL! City lead 3-1! That is surely the victory wrapped up now. Good play by Aguero, he lays it out wide to Mahrez, before getting back on the ball and firing a low cross into the box, which Pickford saves with his feet. However, the ball falls straight to Sterling who smashes the ball against the crossbar and it bounces down and over the line. The goal-line technology shows that it went over the line and the goal is awarded.,1

Everton now with their third and final substitution. as Schneiderlin makes his way off the pitch and he has been replaced by Davies.,0

Everton make their second change of the game and it's Iwobi who has come off, despite only coming on as a substitute early on. Kean is his replacement.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Mahrez fires City into the lead, it's 2-1! They finally have their second goal and it's a terrific free-kick from the Algerian. The winger curls the ball around the wall and into the bottom right-hand corner of the net. Pickford should be doing better, as the ball flew into his corner.,1

Mina is booked after he brings De Bruyne down on the edge of the penalty area, the midfielder had already got the ball away to Mahrez.,2

Schneiderlin is the first Everton player to be booked after he lunges into a tackle with De Bruyne down the left wing. A poor challenge by the midfielder and the City man reacts angrily to that tackle.,2

Rodri dives into the tackle with Calvert-Lewin, he doesn't get the ball and the striker goes down as he was trying to break on the counter. The midfielder is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Everton are level, it's 1-1! Calvert-Lewin levels the scoreline. Iwobi just manages to squeeze the ball through to Coleman in the box, after City fail to clear the ball in their own box. The Everton skipper then chips it over Ederson and it looks to be heading into the back of the net, but Calvert-Lewin dived in to make sure and replays show that he got the final touch on the line.,1

GOOOAAALLL! City lead 1-0! Jesus with a diving header to fire the visitors into the lead. Mahrez sprints past Digne, who dives into the tackle, he gets to the edge of the box and lays it off to De Bruyne, who whips a superb ball into the box, straight onto the head of Jesus, who beats Pickford to it and fires the ball into the back of the net.,1

Here is the enforced Everton substitution, with Walcott being stretched off the pitch and he has been replaced by Iwobi.,0

Billing, who has been fouling people all day, is shown yellow for pulling Son back on the counter-attack.,2

Pritchard comes off for striker Steve Mounie who, it's worth noting, leads the league in aerial duels won with 47!,0

Formation shift for Huddersfield now as Schindler is withdrawn for the more attack-minded Isaac Mbenza.,0

Vertonghen looked to be struggling with his leg a bit and apparently failed to shake it off as he is replaced by Victor Wanyama at the half.,0

Kane gets taken down again, this time by Jorgensen, who is shown yellow for his troubles. The foul may not have warranted a card by itself, but that one felt like the referee trying to control the increasing physicality of this match.,2

Killing a few seconds of stoppage time, opening goalscorer Tielemans makes way for Mendy in midfield.,0

BARNES WINS IT! Leicester are on the way to three points at Goodison - it's 2-0! On the break, Maddison sears down the left and pulls the ball back for Barnes. It actually drifts behind his fellow forward, but Barnes improvises to turn Doucoure and slam the ball into the top-left corner with a superb strike! Game over!,1

During the break in play, Everton make another substitution, as Onana makes way for Doucoure in midfield.,0

Having apparently picked up a muscular injury, World Cup hopeful Calvert-Lewin has to be replaced; Maupay comes on instead.,0

Lampard has made a half-time change: having picked up an injury during the first half, Gueye is replaced by Garner in the Everton midfield.,0

LEICESTER LEAD! A pure screamer from Tielemans gives the visitors a merited lead - and just before the break! Everton fail to properly clear their lines, with Coady particularly at fault, and the ball breaks to the Foxes midfielder on the right edge of the box. He cushions it and then sends an unstoppable shot swerving into the top-left corner! It's 1-0 to Leicester!,1

Daramy's not been able to have as much of an impact in the second half, and the Denmark striker is replaced late on by Mamadou Diakhon for Reims.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! And just like that, they make it three!!! Breaking from the cleared Reims corner, Barcola plays a one-two with Zaire-Emery and gets to the byline. He cuts the ball back to Mbappe, whose first-time shot at the near post is rifled into the top corner, putting PSG 3-0 up and all-but sealing the points in the process!,1

Having set up the crucial second goal for PSG, Soler is off, and replaced by Lucas Hernandez in a change that suggests PSG are quite happy to protect their two-goal lead.,0

Reims also make another change, as De Smet is replaced out wide by on-loan Manchester City defender Josh Wilson-Esbrand.,0

Winning that corner is Dembele's last contribution of the match, as the winger, who assisted the first goal of the game, is replaced by Bradley Barcola.,0

Reda Khadra is also brought on out wide, and will replace Foket in the right-wing-back position for the hosts.,0

Reims make their first changes of the match, with Richardson replaced in the middle of the park by Oumar Diakite.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The visitors double their advantage with a gloriously put-together goal!! Moving from back to front, the ball is touched by almost every single player, before Dembele finds Soler on an under-lapping run. The stretched Reims defence leaves Mbappe free at the far post, and the striker simply has to tap in the Spaniard's flat cross to make it 2-0!! Almost all of the chances have come at the other end, but PSG's clinical finishing has proven to be the difference.,1

Mukiele dispossesses Ito down the right and plays the ball out to Zaire-Emery. He looks to get away from Abdelhamid, but is fouled by the Reims captain, who is shown the game's first yellow card by the referee.,2

Ramos was largely anonymous in the first half with most of PSG's attacks coming through Dembele, Mbappe and Lee in the wide channels, and Vitinha replaces his Portugal compatriot for the second period.,0

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! How's about that for a start!!! Dembele darts to the byline and hangs up a cross towards the back post. Mbappe arrives in space and nonchalantly fires a superbly-placed, side-footed volley that skims across the face of goal and nestles in the bottom-right corner!!! 1-0 to PSG inside just three minutes, and Ligue 1's top scorer continues to show why he's one of the world's best!,1

Lens captain Fofana has been exceptional as usual for his second-placed his, and the Ivorian comes off late for Lukasz Poreba.,0

This melee is far easier for the referee to separate, and he books Gharbi for the foul once he has done so.,2

Claude-Maurice's early goal in this second half has put some daylight between the sides, and he comes off now for Jean Onana.,0

Ekitike comes off next for PSG having scored their only goal after eight minutes, and another youngster in Warren Zaire-Emery will take his place.,0

Openda's return to Lens' starting XI has yielded a goal and an assist for the Belgian, but he comes off now for the man he replaced in the Lens lineup, Wesley Said.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Lens make it three!!!! Calamitous passing at the back puts PSG in all sorts of trouble, as Verratti is dispossessed following a poor ball from Pereira. Openda recovers possession and back-heels to Claude-Maurice, who takes a touch to set himself before firing beyond Donnarumma! Panic stations for PSG, but pandemonium for Lens, who extend their lead to 3-1 right at the start of the second half!,1

Hakimi raced straight into Gradit following the tackle, and so he is also booked for sparking the coming-together between the players.,2

With the players separated, Gradit is eventually shown a yellow card for the foul which sparked that melee.,2

Mukiele charges forward for PSG after drifting into the centre, but he's felled on halfway by Abdul Samed, who is shown the game's first yellow card for the tactical foul.,2

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! Lens are back in the lead!!! They cut out a PSG attack, and Fofana turns Soler before racing past Mbappe. From inside his own half, the Lens captain threads a ball forward for Openda to race in to the clear, and he skilfully beats Marquinhos in the box before firing the ball underneath Donnarumma to score for the home side!!! 2-1 to Lens, and this first half takes yet another wild twist!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! There's the Paris response!!! Ruiz floats a ball into the box which Mukiele chases at speed. He hooks it back to the front post, where Ekitike takes a touch to beat the goalkeeper before poking it home to level the scores! Just eight minutes gone in Lens, and already it's 1-1!!,1

GOOOOOOAAALLLL!!!!! Lens lead!!!! The hosts break at speed and Sotoca fires a peach of a cross-field pass to Haidara charging down the left byline. His volley into the centre of the box is half-parried by Donnarumma, but the ball falls to Frankowski who can volley straight into the unguarded net! Five minutes gone, and it's the Ligue 1 runners-up who have a 1-0 advantage here!,1

Veretout becomes the latest player booked after holding back Matuidi in midfield – right in front of the referee.  ,2

The result has afforded Kean a rare appearance as Mandzukic is replaced with two minutes of the 90 left.,0

The card count rises as Thereau – brought on less than 10 minutes ago – goes into the book for a sliding challenge in midfield.  ,2

Ronaldo has earned a rest as he is brought off with 10 minutes remaining. Bernardeschi is his replacement.  ,0

A slightly overzealous celebration leads to another yellow card as Ronaldo is booked for booting the ball away following the goal.,2

No mistake from Ronaldo who makes it 3-0 from the spot! His penalty is rocketed into the top corner, giving Lafont absolutely no chance despite the goalkeeper guessing correctly.  ,1

We’ve hit the average as Pezzella takes Ronaldo down from behind very cynically, resulting in the sixth booking of the match – and we’ve still got 20 minutes to play!   ,2

CHIELLINI MAKES IT 2-0! The former Fiorentina defender, wearing the captain’s armband for Juventus gives the Bianconeri some insurance! A ball comes in from the right, and Chiellini puts in an awkward sliding shot which somehow loops over Lafont. Ronaldo stands in the middle of three Fiorentina defenders and attempts to head it in, but he misses the chance. Even still, no Fiorentina players are able to whack it out, and the ball bounces over the line! ,1

A familiar face enters the pitch as Benassi is replaced by Pjaca who plays for Fiorentina, on loan from Juventus.,0

It’s not shocking as another yellow card is produced after Milenkovic takes Joao Cancelo down with a sliding challenge just outside the penalty area. Could this finally be the time for a well-taken set-piece?! ,2

The yellow cards come reigning down now as Vitor Hugo is booked for a foul on Cuadrado during a counter-attack.   ,2

Juventus have a free-kick as Dybala plays a one-two with Ronaldo at the edge of the penalty area. The Ronaldo backheel return confuses the defence, forcing Edimilson into a tackle which earns him a yellow card. This set-piece is in a position of real danger as we approach the interval. ,2

BENTANCUR OPENS THE SCORING AFTER 30 MINUTES! 1-0 JUVENTUS! A lovely one-two pass with Dybala allows Bencantur to cut inside before slotting a perfectly placed shot into the bottom-right corner, leaving Lafont rooted to the spot!,1

Mandzukic attempts to keep the attack alive, but a poor touch gifts the ball to Gerson – to which the Juventus forward brings him down cynically, resulting in the first yellow card of the match.  ,2

Final changes for PSG now, and one of them is going to be in goal. Navas makes his way off the pitch, with Letellier, who is also leaving the club, coming on for his first appearance this season.,0

Di Maria's number goes up, and he takes his time acknowledging the home fans before going off to a guard of honour from his team-mates. He's emotional as he comes off, with Herrera replacing him.,0

Neymar wasn't happy with the challenge on him by Mbengue. He reacts angrily and is booked for dissent.,2

DI MARIA SCORES! Messi chests down Mbappe's pass before volleying a shot on goal, and he's unlucky to see it bounce back off the post. Di Maria is alive in the box though and he takes it around Niakate before squeezing it past Caillard and into the bottom right corner. It's an emotional one for the Argentinian on his last PSG appearance. 5-0 PSG!,1

METZ ARE DOWN TO 10! Things are going from bad to worse for the visitors here! It's a late challenge from Traore on Neymar, with the midfielder catching him on the shin with his studs. He was booked in the first half, so he's shown a second yellow before being sent down the tunnel.,3

While Kimpembe is still receiving treatment, Metz are making a double change. Kana-Biyik is the first to go off, with Niakate coming on for him.,0

HAT-TRICK! Mbappe actually gives the ball away to Sarr when he cuts inside from the left, but puts the pressure on Kouyate, which forces him into a mistake inside his own box. The Frenchman makes him pay, as he takes it around Caillard and slots in his third of the game. 4-0 PSG!,1

NEYMAR SCORES! It's another good throughball by Messi into the box and Di Maria is one-on-one with the keeper until Kouyate makes a great sliding challenge to stop him. However, the ball rolls straight to Neymar, who lifts a lovely chip over Caillard and into the far bottom corner. 3-0 PSG!,1

MBAPPE SCORES AGAIN! And just like that, it's 2-0! This time, it is Messi that slides the ball into the box as Mbappe peels off the back of Bronn down the left of the box. The angle is tight, but he manages to squeeze his shot past Caillard and in at the near post.,1

MBAPPE SCORES! Di Maria slides a wonderful throughball into him, and he times his run perfectly to stay onside. Caillard rushes off his line as Mbappe brings it into the box, but the France international coolly takes it around him before slotting into the empty net. 1-0 PSG!,1

Di Maria was away from Traore, but the midfielder chased him down to tug him back, which earns him the first booking of the game.,2

Following a furious outburst after the final whistle, Calabria becomes the latest man booked by an increasingly flustered referee.,2

After trying to earn his side a penalty, Saelemaekers is confronted by Napoli players annoyed by his apparent simulation and his response earns the Belgian winger a booking.,2

Rrahmani was particularly aggrieved by Saelemaekers' attempts to buy a late penalty, and for then shoving his opponent he is shown a yellow card.,2

A weary Kvaratskhelia is also coming off, with fellow winger Politano thrown on for the final stages.,0

Spalletti now responds with a triple substitution. First, Ndombele comes in for Zielinski in midfield.,0

Now the referee, who was apparently averse to booking players in the first half, shows yellow to a bemused Kim. Following a minor foul, it seems the centre-back is then booked for dissent.,2

Another mistimed challenge in midfield - his second in the space of a few minutes - sees Anguissa sent off! That's his second booking, as he makes contact with Hernandez's midriff with an outstretched boot. Napoli are down to 10 men!,3

For halting Hernandez with a clumsy challenge in midfield, Anguissa is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Having recently been booked, Bennacer is withdrawn by Pioli. Saelemaekers - who excelled against Napoli as a substiute earlier this month - comes on.,0

MILAN LEAD! Against the run of play, the seven-time champions strike! Diaz sprints through the centre at speed, exchanges passes with Leao, then tees up Bennacer. From 10 yards, the midfielder stays cool to fire the ball into the back of the net via Meret's foot for his first-ever Champions League goal! What a time to get it! It's 1-0 to Milan!,1

After exhibiting some leniency earlier in the game, the referee finally flashes his yellow card: Zielinski is booked for a hack on the shins of Krunic.,2

Dyche is looking to tighten things up at the back and brings on some fresh legs in defence, with Patterson entering the fray and Young coming off.,0

Palace are in search of an equaliser as Hodgson makes an attacking change, bringing on Ahamada for Hughes in the final stages of the game.,0

Garner brings down Ayew with an aggressive challenge as Palace looked to break, and the referee awards a yellow.,2

GOOAAAALLLL!!!! 3-2 EVERTON! Have the Toffees found a late winner? Doucoure turns on the ball in midfield and is in acres of space. The Mali international threads a perfectly weighted throughball towards Gueye, who takes it in his stride and fires past Johnstone. Late drama at Selhurst Park!,1

Hodgson makes an alteration up top as Palace search for the winner. Edouard is the one to make way, with Mateta coming on in his place.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!! 2-2 PALACE!! It’s a comedy of errors at the back! Lerma sends the ball into the penalty area with his head towards Tarkowski, but the Everton defender ducks out of the way of it expecting Pickford to come. Edouard pounces on the mistake and fires the ball into the back of the net!,1

Hodgson makes Palace's first change of the game, with Olise returning from injury, playing his first minutes of the season.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!!! 2-1 EVERTON!!! A corner comes in and it’s headed away but only as far as Gueye. The midfielder tees up Mykolenko, who sends a superbly struck volley towards goal, but it bounces off the post. It falls to Doucoure who finds himself in acres of space in the penalty area and can tap the ball into an empty net! Doucoure gets his fourth Premier League goal of the season!,1

Dyche makes a change at the break, with Gueye coming into the midfield. Onana is the one to make way.,0

Eze is booked for diving! The Palace midfielder dances past multiple defenders before Branthwaite makes a challenge, but the referee feels he didn't touch him.,2

GOOOAAALLL! 1-1! Palace equalise! After Branthwaite tripped Eze in the box, the referee pointed to the spot with no hesitation. Eze steps up, and calmly rolls the ball into the corner, leaving Pickford with no chance. A rapid response from Hodgson's side!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! EVERTON 1-0!!! After a scramble inside the box, Doucoure shows excellent composure to feed the ball into the path of Harrison on the right-hand side. The winger floats his cross towards the back post, and Mykolenko is there to power his header home. That's his second goal in as many weeks!,1

PULISIC SEALS THE WIN! It's a great break by Chelsea and Pulisic makes up a lot of ground through the middle to get ahead of Ayling and on the end of Werner's cross. He slides onto it and beats Meslier from close range. 3-1 Chelsea! ,1

ZOUMA SCORES! Mount swings the corner into the box and Zouma rises highest at the far post to get on the end of it. He has a free header as Cooper slipped and he puts it into the back of the net. 2-1 Chelsea!,1

Just like Koch earlier, Ziyech goes straight down the tunnel after coming off and Pulisic replaces him.,0

GIROUD EQUALISES! Giroud just pulls away from his defender, who loses his run, to get to the near post and he sticks out a leg to put James' cross past Meslier at the near post. 1-1!,1

Koch makes his way straight down the tunnel with the medical staff after coming off and Llorente is on for him.,0

BAMFORD SCORES! Leeds break quickly on the counter and it's a great pass into Bamford from Phillips. Mendy came rushing out of his box and Bamford takes it around him before putting his shot into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Leeds!,1

ANOTHER GOAL FOR VAN DIJK! He once again rises the highest in the box to get on the end of the cross, but this time he just has to glance the header into the net. 5-0 Liverpool!,1

VAN DIJK MAKES IT FOUR! He rises highest in the box and directs his header back across goal and gives Foster no chance to get to it as it nestles in the side netting. 4-0 Liverpool!,1

Second change for Liverpool now, and Mane won't be able to get his hat-trick today as Lallana comes on in his place.,0

ORIGI MAKES IT THREE! He comes inside from the left wing and Janmaat can't get anywhere near it. He hits his shot between three Watford defenders and catches out Foster at his near post. 3-0 Liverpool!,1

BRILLIANT FINISH FROM MANE! His first touch takes the ball slightly behind him and he turns his back to goal and backheels the ball over Foster's shoulder and into the empty net. 2-0 Liverpool!,1

MANE GIVES LIVERPOOL THE LEAD! He has a lot of space on the edge of the six-yard box to meet an Alexander-Arnold cross. His header is out of Foster's reach and he finds the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

Hoffenheim make two changes as they look for more energy in the final 20 minutes. The first substitution sees Baumgartner make way for Larsen.,0

Samassekou heads off with Geiger taking his place. The midfielder was on a yellow card and this move will prevent the hosts from a suffering a red card.,0

GOALL! LEWANDOWSKI! 1-1. Bayern equalise on the stroke of half-time. Kimmich puts in an outswinging corner and Lewandowski climbs over Samassekou to plant a powerful header beyond Baumann and in!,1

Rutter's now shown a yellow card as he stops Coman near the touchline. Lewandowski can't quite control Sane's delivery and the hosts concede a corner.,2

GOALL! BAUMGARTNER! 1-0. Hoffenheim take the lead. The hosts sweep forward as Kramaric feed Raum near the byline. Raum sends in a precise cross and Baumgartner acrobatically guides it beyond Neuer and into the bottom corner from eight yards!,1

Samassekou cynically stops Sane from driving through midfield with a high foot. He's deservedly shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TORRES NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!!! 5-0 CITY!!!!!! Torres scores his second of the game with a well-placed header from six yards. Mahrez cuts inside from the right flank and delivers a precise cross that the Spaniard attacks in the middle. He heads his effort down and to the left and it strikes the inside of the post before travelling into the net.,1

Guardiola withdraws Jesus after a fine afternoon from the Brazilian, notching a goal and an assist. Mahrez replaces the forward.,0

Silva is withdrawn after a fine performance. Sterling replaces the Portuguese in the final third. There is no let up from Guardiola.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RODRI MAKES IT FOUR!!!!! 4-0!!!! City are on their way to another dominant victory at home as Rodri curls in a low strike. Torres makes a good run to open up space on the edge of the Arsenal box. He works an offload back to Rodri, who shoots first time and bends his effort inside the right post into the bottom-right corner to beat Leno. A fine effort from the Spaniard.,1

Elneny enters the game to replace Saka in the Arsenal midfield. Arteta is trying to protect his team from further damage.,0

Walker is withdrawn at the break for the home side and is replaced by Zinchenko. Cancelo will switch to the right flank.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! JESUS STEERS HOME A SIMPLE EFFORT!!!!! 3-0 CITY!!!! City pour on the agony for the visitors as Jesus converts a low strike on his left foot after brilliant work by Grealish. The England man surges down the left flank and torments Chambers before supplying a low cross into the middle. Jesus slides in with one boot to stop the ball before completing the finish on the ground with his left foot.,1

OFF! Xhaka launches himself into a challenge with Cancelo off his feet and is dismissed by referee Atkinson. The contact appears to be minimal, but the intent was dangerous from the Arsenal man.,3

Kolasinac catches Jesus with a raised arm and goes into the book. The Gunners have to hold their cool at the back with two of their defenders now cautioned.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TORRES CONVERTS!!! 2-0 CITY!!!!! The homes side are in complete control already. Torres completes a simple finish from close range after Silva's cross travels through the Arsenal defence, allowing the Spaniard to score. It is horrendous defending from the Gunners as a poor delivery from Silva somehow works its way into the path of Torres. He is left unmarked to guide his effort past Leno.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! GUNDOGAN HEADS CITY AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! The home side take the lead as Gundogan powers a header past Leno from close range. Silva and Jesus combine down the right flank before the Brazilian floats a cross to the back post. Gundogan coasts in behind Chambers and plants his effort down and past Leno before the keeper can react. A great start for City.,1

Chievo's captain Hetemaj gets a deserved yellow card for cynically stopping Biglia from breaking through the middle. That will be that.,2

Chievo decide on a change - Diousse is replaced by the Belgian-born Moroccan youth midfielder Kiyine.,0

Sorrentino is next to see a yellow card, apparently for a touch of shoving after Milan win a corner off Depaoli. Nothing comes of the corner.,2

Giaccherini is booked for dissent - Piatek tried an overhead kick just after his first shot was saved and caught a Chievo defender. Chievo think they should have had a free-kick for dangerous play. It's debatable.,2

GOAL! Sorrentino keeps Milan out but not for long! Milan counter as Chievo over-commit men forward. First Piatek has a close range shot blocked by the keeper, but the Pole is alert as Castillejo heads the ball back into danger and hooks the ball into the net. 2-1 Milan!,1

GOAL! Chievo score for the first time in five games! Leris curls in a perfect ball from the right and Hetemaj twists a header which squirms past Donnarumma! 1-1! ,1

GOAL! A perfect free-kick by Biglia! The Argentine steps up and curls the ball right into the top left corner of Sorrentino's goal. The keeper had no chance. 1-0 Milan. ,1

Kabore is withdrawn ahead of the corner being taken, with Adebayo on in an attacking change from Edwards.,0

Well, this is a surprising change from O'Neil. Traore replaces Cunha in a switch that leaves Wolves without a recognised forward. He clearly sees a need for more legs in midfield.,0

GOOOOAAAAAAAAAL! MORRIS SCORES! The Luton striker shows great composure to send Sa the wrong way, rolling the spot-kick into the bottom-left corner! It's 1-1, and now Luton will be looking to win it!,1

GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLL! NETO PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! The 10 men have the lead, and what a brilliant solo goal it is from Neto! The in-form winger beats Lockyer to Gomes' pass before cutting inside from the right and blasting his finish beyond Kaminski! 1-0 Wolves!,1

Hwang, meanwhile, is replaced by Toti. Those changes will surely mean a change of shape for the visitors, perhaps to a back three.,0

With Wolves a man down and struggling, O'Neil turns to his bench at the break. Doherty is on for Ait-Nouri.,0

Gomes clearly won the ball with that challenge, but the referee opts to show the midfielder a yellow card.,2

RED CARD FOR BELLEGARDE! WOLVES ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Lockyer and Bellegarde tussle for the ball and both men go down. Caught between the Luton man's legs, Bellegarde looks to escape and kicks out at the Hatters' defender. The referee calls the play back and issues a red card!,3

And a second! Bale now commits to an awful challenge, in opposition territory no less, and Madrid are down a man. Two goals and an early bath!,3

Casemiro clatters Albiol late and picks up a yellow card that's perhaps a shade too harsh. There's going to be four added minutes.,2

GOAL! VILLARREAL 2-2 REAL MADRID! Gareth Bale has a second! The Welshman is having a brilliant night as he races onto a crossfield ball from Modric on the right of the box, steps back inside upon himself and buries it in the back of the net with a low, powerful finish. It's a rocket of an equaliser.,1

Mendy gets a booking now as he tussles with Gomez, but that's not the main worry as he concedes the free-kick only a few yards out of his own box on the right.,2

GOAL! VILLARREAL 2-1 REAL MADRID! Moi Gomez gives the hosts the lead back! It's almost out of nowhere, but the substitutes have made an instant impact. Bacca crashes a shot in that is deflected out to Ontiveros who, rather than shoot himself, flicks it across for the winger to tap in.,1

Villarreal make their second change, with Andre-Frank Zambo Anguissa, on loan from Fulham, taking the place of Ekambi.,0

That battle between Vazquez and Quintilla shows no sign of slowing down and now Madrid win a free-kick after the latter commits a foul on the counter-attack. He gets a booking for his troubles too.,2

GOAL! VILLARREAL 1-1 REAL MADRID! It's Bale who ties the scores, with a simple tap-in following a neatly executed one-two on the right between Carvajal and Jovic, with the Welshman netting one of his easier finishes. ,1

GOAL! VILLARREAL 1-0 REAL MADRID! Gerard Moreno with the opener! Another counter from the hosts sees the striker feed Ekambi into the box. The latter sees his shot blocked but the ball falls kindly back to his team-mate who squeaks it under the keeper.,1

GOALLL!! 2-1 SPORTING!! PAULINHO!! Paulinho scores to put Sporting ahead against the run of play! Edwards plays Goncalves into a good position to shoot and Turner makes a good save but parries it straight into the path of Paulinho. The striker taps home for one of his easiest goals of the season.,1

Martinelli receives a yellow card after impeding Adan while the goalkeeper had the ball in his hands.,2

GOALL!!! 1-1 SPORTING!! INACIO!! Inacio equalises for Sporting with a glancing header past Turner! The goalkeeper comes out at first but then goes back to his line. This causes some confusion that allows Inacio to win the header in the six-yard box. Game on!,1

GOALLL!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!! SALIBA!! Arsenal take the lead after a brilliant header from Saliba! Vieira sends in a good cross from the corner and Saliba gets free from his marker before heading the ball past Adan.,1

Cooper withdraws Sangare, wary of the midfielder being on a booking. Kouyate takes his place at the base of Forest's midfield.,0

Frank makes an attacking change as Everton loanee Maupay replaces Lewis-Potter. That switch will see Wissa pull wide.,0

Frank makes a double change as Brentford attempt to make the most of their numerical advantage. Ghoddos replaces Hickey.,0

GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLL! DOMINGUEZ LEVELS WITH A BRILLIANT HEADER! The 10 men of Forest hit back almost immediately as substitute Toffolo gets forward down the left. He crosses towards Dominguez, who is diving away from goal as he sends a fine header looping up over Flekken and into the net! 1-1!,1

Cooper responds to that dramatic double blow by bringing on Toffolo. Hudson-Odoi is the player sacrificed to add another defender.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAL! NORGAARD NETS FOR BRENTFORD! It's a double blow for Forest – they're a man down, and now they're a goal down! Jensen lifts the free-kick into the area, and Norgaard glances a header into the bottom-left corner. But wait, there's a question of offside! The VAR will have a closer look…,1

RED CARD FOR NIAKHATE! Wissa charges towards the edge of the area before being brought down by Niakhate, who was booked in the first half! The Forest defender's tackle was a genuine attempt to win the ball, but he stepped down on Wissa's calf and can have no complaints as he's shown a second yellow card!,3

Niakhate jumps into a clumsy challenge on Jensen, conceding a free-kick just to the right of his own penalty area. The Forest defender is booked, and Brentford will fancy their chances from this dead ball...,2

Hickey mistimes a defensive header to allow Elanga to break in behind before pulling the former Manchester United winger back. He picks up an early booking, and Forest can swing the resulting free-kick into the area...,2

Luton are making another change as they get ready to defend this Everton corner. Doughty goes off, with Woodrow on in his place.,0

Luton are making their second change here. Morris, whose goal is the difference at the moment, is replaced by Adebayo.,0

Luton win a throw-in, and Kabore looks like he's going to take it before handing it over to Andersen instead. The referee doesn't like that, and Kabore is booked for time-wasting.,2

Everton are making their second change as they continue their search for an equaliser. Doucoure is taken off, with Beto on in his place.,0

Lockyer went down in need of treatment, and Luton aren't going to risk him. He makes his way off the pitch with the medical team, and Mengi comes on to make his Premier League debut.,0

There's a change apiece at the break, starting with Everton. Gueye is taken off, with Harrison on in his place.,0

CALVERT-LEWIN PULLS ONE BACK! Pickford's long ball is only half-cleared by Luton and Garner swings a follow-up cross into the middle. Onana is onside as he pokes it on goal, but Kaminski denies him. The keeper then scrambles across to deny Doucoure from close range but he can't get to Calvert-Lewin's prod. VAR is having a long look, but it'll count!,1

MORRIS SCORES! The forward peels away from the line of Everton defenders on the edge of the box, and he's completely free at the far post. Doughty picks him out, and Morris meets the ball on the half-volley, sending it across goal and out of Pickford's reach. 2-0 Luton!,1

LOCKYER SCORES! Everton just haven't been able to cope with Luton on corners, and the visitors have punished them! Doughty swings another dangerous cross in and Morris thumps a header on goal. It hits the bottom of the crossbar and bounces in front of Young, who tries to clear it. He hits the ball straight against Lockyer, who throws himself in front of it, and it hits the back of the net. 1-0 Luton!,1

Bournemouth's final change is a double one. Christie, who has been at the heart of a lot of Bournemouth's attacking play, goes off for Unal.,0

Senesi makes no attempt to play the ball as he grabs Haaland around the middle and drags him back. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2

Bournemouth are making a double change here in an attempt to build on their momentum. Tavernier is the first to go off, with Ouattara on in his place.,0

City are making the first change of the game as they look to regain control. Doku, who scored one and assisted four of the Citizen's six goals against Bournemouth in the reverse fixture, comes on for Nunes.,0

Stones is making a darting run into the box, and Cook is scrambling to get goalside of him. He clips the City defender's heels in the process, and picks up the first booking of the game.,2

FODEN SCORES! City's pressure finally pays off! It's a lovely scooped pass from Kovacic to Haaland, and Senesi is caught on the wrong side of the forward. He fires his shot across goal, and Neto makes a good stop to keep him out but pushes it straight to Foden, who slots it into the back of the empty net. 1-0 City!,1

Jimenez is replaced by Dendoncker as Wolves make their second substitution of the match. Under 10 minutes to go.,0

Wolves make their first change of the match as Costa replaces Gibbs-White who has been terrific this evening.,0

Fabregas now receives a yellow card for dissent having felt that there was a foul in the build-up to the second Wolves goal.  ,2

GOAL! Wolves have taken the lead! Moutinho steals the ball away from Willian in the centre of the pitch before laying the ball off to the right for Doherty. From the right-hand side, Doherty delivers a wonderful cross towards the back post and Jota is completely unmarked to tap the ball beyond Kepa. 2-1.,1

GOAL! Wolves are level through Jimenez! Gibbs-White finds himself in a little bit of space on the edge of the Chelsea box and manages to slide a wonderful pass into the path of Jimenez. From the right side of the box, Jimenez’s right-footed shot flies beyond Kepa who fails to get enough on the effort to keep it out. 1-1.,1

Hazard is seeing a lot of the ball and Wolves are struggling to deal with him. Moutinho picks up a yellow card for a cynical foul on the Belgian just inside the Wolves half.,2

GOAL! There is a real element of good fortune in that goal following a huge deflection, but Chelsea take the lead nonetheless! Loftus-Cheek takes a strike from the left side of the box and Coady attempts to steer the ball behind but instead turns in beyond Patricio and into the bottom right corner of the net. 0-1.  ,1

Arteta makes yet another change, with Aubameyang going off for Lacazette up front in the closing stages of the contest.,0

Martins responds to his side conceding two in quick succession now, with Masouras replaced by Androutsos.,0

GOAL!!! WHAT A STRIKE FROM ELNENY!!!! Gabriel plays it short to the Egyptian on halfway and he runs, unopposed, towards the edge of the box before unleashing a swerving strike of such ferocity that Sa can't keep it out, despite getting a hand to it, palming it onto the post and in! Of the three Arsenal substitutes to have just entered the fray, Elneny seemed the most unlikely to get on the scoresheet, but he's made it 3-1 to Arsenal! ,1

Arteta's third change is also a like-for-like, with Arsenal's first goalscorer Odegaard coming off for Smith Rowe.,0

Arteta makes a triple-substitution now as he looks to see the game out. Elneny replaces Willian in the first change.,0

GOAL!!!! ARSENAL ARE IN FRONT AGAIN!!! A short corner is taken to Willian, who floats the ball to the back post where Gabriel charges in to glance a terrific header across goal and into the far corner beyond the reach of Sa! It's 2-1 to the Gunners now!,1

Martins makes a third change now in the aftermath of that goal, bringing Bruma off for Randelovic out wide.,0

GOAL!!! OLYMPIACOS ARE LEVEL!! It's another mistake at the back from Arsenal! Leno plays the ball into Ceballos, who has his back to goal and two for company. The midfielder is robbed and El-Arabi curls into the bottom-right corner with Leno out of position! It's 1-1 now!,1

Arteta looks to protect Partey now and brings him off, with Ceballos replacing the Ghanaian in midfield.,0

Valbuena is the second player to be replaced, with attacking midfielder Fortounis coming on behind El-Arabi.,0

Martins makes a double-change at half-time as he looks for improvement from his side. Reabciuk off for Holebas at left-back is the first alteration.,0

Bouchalakis is the next Olympiacos player to go into the book for an uncompromising challenge on Aubameyang that got none of the ball.,2

GOAL!!! ARSENAL LEAD!!! What a hit by Odegaard for his first goal for the club! He's fed by Partey just outside the box and cuts onto his left before unleashing a thunderbolt of a strike that Sa flaps at and can't keep out! It's poor goalkeeping, but a terrific strike nonetheless! It's 1-0 to the Gunners!,1

M'Vila slides in recklessly on Saka on the edge of the box and gets none of the ball, earning himself a deserved yellow card.,2

RAMOS SCORES!!! 1-1! The substitute steps up and fires the ball down the centre of the goal as Mandanda dives out of the way to his left. PSG appear to have snatched a point right at the death.,1

Beraldo is not too happy with the referee's decision not to award the penalty, and is booked as a result.,2

Rennes make a change and Gouiri, whose fine goal separates the sides, is given a breather with Omari taking his place.,0

Kalimuendo, who returned to the starting line-up today from suspension, makes way for Rennes with Truffert coming on in his place.,0

Bourigeaud, who scored a hat-trick against Milan in midweek, enters the action with Desire Doue making way.,0

Penalised for fouling Seidu, Hakimi vents his frustration towards the referee, who subsequently books him for dissent.,2

Asensio is immediately involved and draws a foul out of Desire Doue, who goes into the book as a result.,2

GOUIRI!!! 1-0 RENNES! What a goal! Receiving the ball 35 yards from the PSG goal, Gouiri embarks on a jinking run and neatly skips away from a couple of challenges, before brilliantly prodding past Donnarumma.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! AYEW PUTS PALACE AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead against the run of play as Ayew fires home from the left inside channel. Benteke is the architect as he surges into space and then rolls a perfect pass for the run of his team-mate in the box. Ayew takes a touch and then goes for a goal with his right foot. His effort deflects off Ryan and trickles into the back of the net. ,1

Schelotto is not even on the pitch and he gets booked. He and Zaha have a coming together on the sideline as the Brighton substitute warms up. The defender is booked for kicking the ball off Zaha and heads back down to the bench.,2

Calvert-Lewin, who has not had the most enjoyable of games, hacks down Vestergaard after the centre-back had played the ball and referee Friend rightfully books the striker.,2

RED CARD! Everton make it back-to-back red cards as left-back Digne is given his marching orders! He was racing after Walker-Peters and managed to end up treading on the back of the right-back's ankle from behind. The French full-back waves his arms in the air as he leaves the pitch but replays do not help Digne's case as the tackle looks even worse.,3

Walker-Peters is cautioned for handling the ball as he attempted to block Digne's cross wide on the left.,2

Ancelotti is not waiting about to try and change the game as he makes his first substitute at half-time, with Bernard the man to replace Iwobi.,0

GOALLLL!! 2-0! Ings pops up on the left wing, shifts possession onto his left and crosses towards the back post. Sigurdsson then misses the headed clearance, which gifts Adams the chance to slam home under Pickford with his right foot.,1

GOALLLL! 1-0 SAINTS! Ward-Prowse races into the area before driving past Pickford with a right-footed effort into the far corner. Initially, Ings had done well to bring the ball down and poke a throughball to the Saints captain.,1

Burnley make a couple of changes. Koleosho was lively in the first half but has been nullified since the restart. Tresor comes on in the attack.,0

GOALLL! BILLING SCORES! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! That could be a vital goal for the hosts! Burnley are poor in possession again, with Vitinho gifting the ball to Billing around the halfway line. The midfielder spots Trafford off his line and chips the goalkeeper. He gets a glove on it but cannot keep it out.,1

Semenyo makes his way off after an energetic performance in Bournemouth's attack. Ouattara takes his place to try and make an impact.,0

Aarons gets the better of Taylor on the outside and goes past the defender. However, the defender stops him from getting into the box with a foul and collects a yellow card.,2

GOALLL! SEMENYO SCORES! 1-1! Semenyo wins possession off Taylor in Burnley's half and rushes into the box. He has Tavernier to his left, but he drives his low strike across the goal and into the bottom corner. There is a short VAR check for a possible foul, but the goal stands.,1

GOALLL! TAYLOR SCORES! 1-0 BURNLEY! What a strike from the defender. A corner from the left is headed away by Zabarnyi, but O'Shea is there and he knocks it back to Taylor, who crashes his shot past Radu.,1

Martinez dribbles away from Toloi and the defender sticks out a leg to bring him down and stop his run which earns him a booking.,2

De Vrij gets the first booking of the game after cutting off Gosens run and bringing him down on the left.,2

YOUNG SCORES! He cuts inside from the left and has a lot of space ahead of him just outside the box. HE decides to have a go from range and brilliantly curls his shot around Sportiello and into the bottom-right corner. 2-0 Inter! ,1

INTER HAVE AN EARLY LEAD! It's a good cross in from Young on the left and D'Ambrosio is unmarked in the middle of the box. Golini misses it so his header bounces into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Inter! ,1

Cabaco is booked for bringing down Juanfran just inside the Levante half when the hosts looked to launch a dangerous counter-attack.,2

The home side make their final change of the match with Kalinic replacing Vitolo. The Spaniard has been absolutely brilliant today.,0

GOAL! Griezmann opens the scoring! The Frenchman fires the penalty high into the top-right corner of the net to give the hosts the lead. 1-0.,1

Jason is the first player to go into the book after being penalised for a late challenge on Juanfran down the right-hand side of the pitch.,2

GOAALLLL! TOTTENHAM SCORE FROM A CORNER! 1-1! Bentancur latches onto Perisic’s corner, jumping above Adan to direct the ball into the net. The goalkeeper believes that he is fouled but the goal is given.,1

Substitution for Sporting. Trincao is replaced by Gomes who scored in the last match against Tottenham.,0

Players come together with Romero flying into Paulinho. The Sporting players are unhappy with the manner of the challenge. The Tottenham man gets a yellow card. It is slightly harsh, with Romero winning the ball.,2

Coates puts the ball into the Tottenham net but receives a yellow card. He meets a corner with his arm.,2

GOAALLLLL! EDWARDS SCORES! 1-0 SPORTING! The former Tottenham man gives Sporting the lead. He avoids the sliding challenge of Hojbjerg before rushing to the edge of the box. On the left, his low drive goes past Lloris and into the net.,1

SUSO HAS ANOTHER BEFORE THE FINAL WHISTLE! Suso strikes his free-kick off the wall and it ricochets backs to him. He has another shot at goal which ricochets off a Sassuolo player and squirms past Consigli and into the net! It's his second of the match and Milan’s fourth!,1

Gattuso makes a change in defence as Ignazio Abate is removed for Davide Calabria as we enter stoppage time. ,0

Captain Domenico Berardi is removed as De Zerbi looks to shuffle his pack and get a reaction out of his side with 15 minutes left in the match. On to replace him is striker Khouma Babacar. ,0

Samu Castillejo has a goal to show for his effort, and he will watch the final 18 minutes from the bench. A not-fully fit Patrick Cutrone is on to replace him. ,0

THE SUBSTITUTE PULLS ONE BACK FOR SASSUOLO! The home side have hope as Filip Djuricic beats Donnarumma to make it 3-1. Rogerio finds the forward in the penalty area who takes a touch to set himself before turning around and firing a pin-point shot towards the goalkeeper, which beats him at his near post.,1

SAMU CASTILLEJO MAKES IT THREE! It’s a fantastic build-up outside the penalty area where Calhanoglu looks up and finds Castillejo in a central position. The Spanish midfielder takes a touch to set himself before firing a left-footed shot into the far corner, beating Consigli on its way! It looks like Milan have this match all wrapped up!  ,1

SUSO MAKES IT 2-0 MILAN! What a fantastic finish from the right-winger who juggles the ball before cutting inside and opening up enough space between him and Ferrari to curl a finessed shot into the top corner! Consigli has no chance to save that strike and Milan double their advantage!,1

KESSIE MAKES AMENDS WITH A COOL FINISH! After Biglia plucks a Rogerio cross out of the air in his own penalty area, he passes it forward for Kessie who runs the majority of the length of the field before slowing down just outside the penalty area and shunning options to his left and right – instead striking it towards goal. Despite diving, Consigli couldn’t get his hand to the angled drive which nestles in the corner of the net! 1-0 Milan!  ,1

Lucas Biglia is shown a yellow card for his protestations towards the referee after his refusal to award Milan a free-kick after Suso was taken down.,2

Casemiro is shown a yellow card for the challenge on Rochina and Levante have a free-kick just outside the box.,2

Double change for Madrid as they look to get back into this game. Asension is taken off, with Arribas on for him.,0

LEVANTE LEAD! None of the Madrid defenders were picking up Roger from the corner and he has time to control Bardhi's cross, turn and hit the shot on the volley. Courtois sees it late and it nestles into the back of the net. 2-1 Levante! ,1

Another change for Levante now and it's the goal scorer, Morales, that's being taken off, with Gomez on for him.,0

LEVANTE EQUALISE! Morales is in space on the left of the box and Miramon's cross bounces just in front of him before he hits the shot first time. He sends it back across goal and Courtois can't stop it from hitting the back of the net. 1-1! ,1

ASENSIO SCORES! It's a great run through Levante's half from Asensio after they break on the counter and the defenders can't get back to him. He hits his shot across goal from the edge of the box and finds the far bottom corner. 1-0 Madrid! ,1

MADRID DOWN TO 10 MEN! After a VAR review, the referee goes back over to Militao and the decision for a yellow has been overturned and he's shown a straight red instead for denying a goal-scoring opportunity.,3

Weghorst's been poor in this game, and Burnley bring on Ashley Barnes hoping he can improve on the Dutchman's performance.,0

Cork is the next Burnley man to come off, and their attacking options are bolstered further by the introduction of Jay Rodriguez.,0

GOOOAAALLLL!!! City double their lead!!! A lovely one-two between De Bruyne and Sterling sends the latter steaming down the right, and he cuts the ball back to Gundogan whose half-volley wrong-foots Pope and rolls into the back of the net! 2-0, and it looks like game over, even at this early stage.,1

Weghorst catches Cancelo in the neck with a very deliberate looking elbow, and is rightfully booked by the referee. How on earth did he think he'd get away with that!,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! City take the lead!!! Rodri floats a diagonal pass wide to Sterling, whose volley back inside bounces, before De Bruyne arrives to smash it beyond Pope and into the back of the net! Exactly the start the champions wanted, and it's 1-0 after just five minutes!,1

Michael Santos has been ineffective in the second half and the manager has decided to switch it up, sending on Diego Rolan.,0

Marco Asensio has been exceptional all match and has earned his early rest. Dani Ceballos will see out the final 12 minutes.  ,0

Javier Eraso – the man who won Leganes the penalty – will play no further part as Mikel Vesga is on to replace him.,0

Ramos makes no mistake and launches it into the left-hand side of the goal – sending Cuellar in the opposite direction. Real Madrid are now up 4-1!,1

That assist is the last part Luka Modric will play in the match, as he's taken off after an hour for Isco. ,0

BENZEMA DOUBLES THE LEAD! Madrid have themselves some insurance now as Benzema plays a one-two pass with Modric on the edge of the penalty area and, after letting it run away from goal slightly, hammers a shot which tucks itself into the far post! 3-1 to Real Madrid!,1

THE GOAL STANDS! 2-1 TO REAL! Marco Asensio puts a fantastic cross into the box where Karim Benzema is duelling with Bustinza but the centre-back can't muster enough strength to hold off the striker who maintains his ground legally after a VAR check. From there, the striker nods home the simple finish.,1

Michael Santos is shown the first card of the match for Leganes after a poor challenge in midfield leaves Carvajal on the ground. ,2

GOAL TO LEGANES! Guido Carrillo puts it coolly to the goalkeeper’s left and Courtois guesses the wrong way. The new signing’s clean sheet is ruined on his debut! 1-1!,1

GARETH BALE MAKES IT THREE GOALS IN THREE GAMES! 1-0 to Real Madrid with a fantastic volley from close-range! Ramos shows his passing ability as he switches play to the right for Carvajal who nods it centrally for the incoming strikers. Benzema opens up space for Bale who is able to volley it past the goalkeeper with tremendous quality!,1

An early yellow card is shown to Luka Modric who goes sliding in perhaps too enthusiastically on Carrillo in an attempt to win the ball. ,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! SEVILLA 2-4 BARCELONA! Suarez puts the game out of Sevilla's reach and ends his goal drought in the process. Alena passes to Messi and the scorer of Barcelona's other three goals lifts the ball into the path of Suarez, who does likewise by looping it over Vaclik.,1

Messa tangled with Busquets, sending his opponent to the ground, and is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Sarabia, who has had far less of an influence in this second half, is booked after catching Alba's face with his hand.,2

Kjaer is cautioned for a foul on Messi. The Barcelona forward knocks the ball past his opponent and Kjaer is just too slow with his feet.,2

Amadou is brought on for Wober in the home side's second change. The makeshift left-back has performed well, but he has picked up a knock and has to make way.,0

Wober is shown a yellow card by the referee and it appears as though he is about to make way for Sevilla.,2

Machin reacts to Valverde's tactical switch by bringing on Vazquez for Mercado. The home side have been penned in a little over the last couple of minutes.,0

Valverde makes a double change at the break. The first of those alterations comes at right-back as Roberto is on for Semedo.,0

Pochettino makes an attacking alteration as they hunt for an equaliser, with Sterling coming on for Fernandez.,0

GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 MANCHESTER CITY!! De Bruyne finds himself in space inside the Chelsea box and he drills a dangerous cross into the danger zone. It’s flicked away by Petrovic with his feet, but it falls straight into the path of Bernardo Silva. The Portuguese attacker hits it first time, and it flies into the back of the net! Have they won it late on?,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! VILLA HAVE ONE BACK!! Ramsey cuts the ball back to Diaby on the edge of the box and he sends a brilliant first-time shot through a sea of bodies and in off the right-hand post. 3-1!,1

Zaniolo is given a run-out for the dying embers of a tie that has been over for a while. Bailey departs for Villa.,0

Badiashile leaves the field with an injury, which Pochettino will be hoping is not too serious. Gilchrist is his replacement.,0

Emery turns to his bench for the first time today. Ramsey is on for Tielemans, who has had a very poor game.,0

Fernandez celebrated by taking his shirt off and showing it to the TV camera pitchside, earning himself a caution in the process.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! CHELSEA HAVE A THIRD!! Chelsea win a free-kick a good 25-30 yards from goal following a Tielemans challenge on Fernandez, although replays show it was perhaps the Chelsea midfielder who instigated the contact. Fernandez stands over it and, despite the distance, curls an unbelievable effort over the wall and into the top-left corner. Martinez gets across but cannot get enough on the ball to keep it out. 3-0!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! CHELSEA MAKE IT 2-0!! Well this is a turn up for the form book! Gusto whips in a sublime ball from the right and Jackson just heads it down and away from Martinez. Poor defending from Villa, but another well-worked goal for the visitors.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! CHELSEA LEAD 1-0!! What a brilliantly worked goal for the visitors! Jackson drives into the box and lays it off to Madueke in the middle. Madueke takes a touch and then sets up Gallagher, who thumps the ball into the top-left corner before Martinez can even react.,1

GOAL! CHELSEA 3-3 SOUTHAMPTON! Southampton equalise with seconds left! James gives away an unncessary free-kick on James. Ward-Prowse sends it in and it comes out to Walcott who scuffs a shot straight into the ground. Vestergaard gets his head onto it and it finds its way into the net!,1

Werner's game is over. He can be pleased to have started scoring in the Premier League. Abraham replaces him up front for Chelsea for the final few minutes.,0

Southampton go for broke with two changes. First off is Romeu who's replaced by Diallo, Southampton's new signing from Brest.,0

Romeu cynically brings down Kante as the Frenchman beats him to a loose ball. A deserved yellow card for the Spaniard is the result.,2

Chelsea make their first substitution of the game. Mount is heading off after a solid showing. Ziyech takes his place on the right wing while Pulisic moves to his favoured position on the left.,0

GOAL! CHELSEA 3-2 SOUTHAMPTON! Chelsea get the lead again straight away! Pulisic dribbles through the middle and feeds Werner who's making a run down the right. Werner rolls the ball across goal for Havertz who makes no mistake.,1

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-2 SOUTHAMPTON! Southampton have levelled from a two-goal deficit! Romeu knocks the ball forward for Adams to chase and Zouma makes a hash of dealing with it. Kepa trips Adams, who to his credit stays on his feet. Ings can't get his feet together to tap in from close range and Adams lashes high into the net!,1

Chilwell receives the game's first yellow card for clipping Ward-Prowse's heels from behind. The Southampton captain will take the resulting free-kick.,2

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-1 SOUTHAMPTON! Chelsea play themselves into trouble and get punished. Adams slips a quick pass through Chelsea's centre-backs to find Ings who takes the ball past Kepa and finishes coolly.,1

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Werner's unshackled now. Jorginho sends a fantastic bouncing ball over the top for Werner to chase. Werner beats Vestergaard to it and cheekily dinks it over the onrushing McCarthy, allowing him to head into an empty net. That was a lovely goal.,1

GOAL! CHELSEA 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Werner gets his first Premier League goal! It's a fine finish too. Chilwell passes to the striker, who turns Bednarek with a cute flick and dashes in behind. Werner skips across the penalty area with Southampton defenders bearing down on him before fizzing a low shot back past McCarthy.,1

BENZEMA SCORES! The Frenchman is unmarked in the middle of the box when Rodrygo nods it onto him and he heads in from close range for his second of the game. 4-1 Madrid! ,1

HUESCA PULL ONE BACK! It's a great cross into the box from Mir and Militao doesn't spot Ferreiro's run on the outside. He slides in at the near post and pokes the ball past Courtois and into the back of the net. 3-1! ,1

VALVERDE SCORES! He's unmarked on the right of the box and by the time the Huesca players spot him, it's too late. Benzema picks him out and he drills a low shot across goal and into the far-bottom corner. 3-0 Madrid!,1

There's a double change for Huesca at the start of the second half. Gomez is the first to make way, with Ferreiro replacing him.,0

BENZEMA SCORES! He makes the run to the far post to get onto Vazquez's shot and chests the ball down to get away from Maffeo. It's a tight angle on the left but his shot goes under Fernandez's outstretched arm and into the far corner. 2-0 Madrid! ,1

MADRID LEAD! And it's a great goal to open to scoring! Hazard turns away from Nwakali and makes a driving run forward. He's a long way out when he hits the shot, but it flies past Fernandez, who's on the stretch and into the back of the net. 1-0 Madrid!,1

Griezmann makes way as the clock ticks down. Fellow French international Samuel Umtiti comes on in his place.,0

MESSI!!! 1-0 BARCELONA! The hosts have the breakthrough and there are no prizes for guessing the source! Receiving a neat pass from De Jong, Messi takes a touch before drilling the ball in off the post.,1

Vukcevic is booked for pulling back Messi, who was threatening to get his shot away from the edge of the area.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LACAZETTE HAS HIS SECOND!!!! 4-0!!! The Gunners are rampant as the Frenchman converts from close range. Tierney has space and time down the left flank and he drills a perfect cross into the middle. Lacazette is unmarked six yards out and steers the cross into the back of the net. All too easy for the visitors.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LACAZETTE CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 3-0 ARSENAL!! The Frenchman gets on the scoresheet pouncing to hammer a strike past Johnstone. Saka causes mayhem down the right flank before clipping a cross into the box. Ajayi hammers a clearance off the woodwork before Smith Rowe blasts a strike off the defender. The rebound falls to Lacazette, who pounces to steer a low effort into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ARSENAL CUT OPEN THE BAGGIES WITH EASE!!!! SAKA CONVERTS!!! 2-0!!!! The visitors notch their second goal of the evening with a sublime team move. Smith Rowe, Saka and Lacazette all combine to work their way around the Baggies. Lacazette flicks a pass into the right inside channel for the run of Smith Rowe. He cuts a low ball back for the run for Saka to slot a strike past a stranded Johnstone.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! TIERNEY SCORES A STUNNER!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!!! Tierney opens the scoring with a special strike. The left-back collects on the flank and races past Furlong. He turns inside the West Brom defender to cut back on his right foot. The Scot launches a right-footed effort towards goal that soars into the top-right corner. A super finish.,1

GOAL! Tottenham pull one back! Eriksen's corner goes all the way to the far post and Lamela drives an effort past Alisson. ,1

Another change for Spurs and it is Son, fresh from Asian Games glory with South Korea, that is introduced to replace Winks.,0

GOAL! 2-0 Liverpool! Mane cuts a ball into the middle that Vertonghen deflects off his own post and Vorm fails to snatch the loose ball, allowing Firmino to tap home.,1

GOAL! 1-0 Liverpool! Spurs fail to deal with the initial corner, with Vorm coming out but failing to collect, and Wijnaldum heds back towards goal. Michael Oliver consults his watch and the goal is given, with replays showing the ball was indeed over the line.,1

GOAL! LAZIO 1-2 AC MILAN! Tonali has broken Lazio's resistance! Rebic steals the ball from Marusic, and Milan cross into Lazio's box. The defensive header is a tired one and Ibrahimovic nods the ball on to Tonali, who bundles it over the line past the outstretched glove of Strakosha!,1

GOAL! LAZIO 1-1 AC MILAN! Giroud equalises for Milan with a lovely goal! Leao bursts behind Lazio's defence to roll the ball across the face of the six-yard box. The Frenchman slides across the turf to tuck it into the net!,1

Tomori's booked for a forceful tackle on Immobile. The referee wields his yellow card straight away. It could have been a red.,2

Strakosha receives a silly yellow card for handling the ball outside the area. It had deflected back to him after Leao had blocked his kick upfield.,2

GOAL! LAZIO 1-0 AC MILAN! Immobile gives Lazio an early lead! Milinkovic-Savic chests down the throw-in and plops a cross into the six-yard box from the byline. Immobile gets in front of his marker to stab it home from close range!,1

MILAN GET THEIR INSURANCE! 3-1! Florenzi comes on and seemingly secures the three points for the Rossoneri in just two minutes, playing a lovely one-two pass with Messias before breaking into the penalty area and beating Montipo with a low shot to the far post!,1

Messias tracks back to help Calabria dispossess Lazovic, which prompts Ilic to lunge in and catch the Milan full-back, stopping him in his tracks. It’s a yellow card for the Verona midfielder.,2

Pioli replaces Krunic with Bennacer in an attempt to shore up the middle of the pitch with just under 25 minutes remaining.,0

Milan make two changes just after the hour, with Messias replacing Saelemaekers in the first alteration.,0

IT’S TONALI AGAIN! 2-1 MILAN! The midfielder absolutely cannot be stopped today, once again getting on the end of Leao’s pass across the face of goal to tuck the ball home at the far post! It was an almost 70 metre run from the Portugal international to set up the chance, following Caprari’s corner at the other end!,1

THE MILAN SUPPORTER FINDS THE GOAL! 1-1! Not to be denied nearly 30 minutes after his earlier disallowed effort, Tonali manages to make it stick this time - turning Leao’s square pass across the face of goal past Montipo from close range while falling on his back!,1

Leao lets Faraoni know his thoughts on the earlier challenge, which provokes a bit of a scuffle. The referee is left with no other choice and also produces a yellow for the Milan winger.,2

Faraoni steps into the side of Hernandez cynically after the ball had gone, sending the full-back to the ground with a thud. It’s a yellow card for the Verona captain, who also engages in a bit of afters with Leao following the booking.,2

VERONA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Caprari receives the ball in midfield and waits for the overlapping run of Lazovic, who gets past Calabria to receive the incisive pass. The wing-back gets into the penalty area and chips a cross to the far post for Faraoni, who finishes the move with a simple header!,1

Hwang scored a consolation for Wolves and is now being given a rest. Youngster Chirewa is given another chance to impress.,0

GOALLLL! ALVAREZ SCORES OFF THE BENCH! 5-1 CITY! What an impact! Rodri collects possession in the midfield and slides a pass down the left side of the box to Alvarez, who directs his low strike across the goal and into the bottom-right corner.,1

Haaland has scored four goals for City and is now being replaced by Alvarez, who will be desperate to score against a vulnerable Wolves defence.,0

Foden registered a wonderful assist for City's fourth goal and is coming off for Grealish, who will add a fresh pair of legs to the attack.,0

Wolves make their second change. Santiago Bueno makes his way on for Hugo Bueno, who has struggled on the left against Silva.,0

Gomes is the latest player to go into the book for a late slide tackle on Ake, who had got past the midfielder.,2

GOALLLL! HAALAND SCORES! 4-1 CITY! The hosts score immediately after Wolves get one back! Foden has possession inside City's half and he switches the ball over to Haaland, who controls it brilliantly on the right. The Norwegian bursts forward, switching it onto his left foot before curling his strike past Sa!,1

GOALLL! HWANG GETS ONE BACK! Bellegarde bursts down the right and whips an inviting cross into the box, with Ederson pushing it straight to Hwang, who finishes from close range. City lead 3-1.,1

GOALLLL! HAT-TRICK FOR HAALAND! 3-0 CITY! The hosts score their third goal before half-time. Haaland whips his left-footed penalty into the bottom-left corner, with the power beating Sa, who dives the correct way.,1

Lemina fouls Foden in the midfield and goes into the book. It is a harsh booking for the former Southampton man in what has been a frustrating half for the Old Gold.,2

GOALLL! HAALAND SCORES AGAIN! 2-0 CITY! There is a long way back for Wolves now! Rodri steals possession in the midfield and finds De Bruyne, who has Foden to his left but returns the ball to the Spaniard. He lifts a cross over to Haaland, who heads the ball across the goal and into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLL! HAALAND SCORES! 1-0 CITY! The hosts take an early lead! Haaland fires his low left-footed penalty down the left side of the goal, with Sa diving the other way.,1

It has taken 92 minutes for the first yellow card of the game to be shown. Lerma is punished for kicking Eze. He is clearly frustrated with the way the game has gone.,2

McArthur has made just two appearances this season and is now on. The home fans are chanting his name as he comes on for Doucoure.,0

Hodgson makes a change. Hughes has been energetic in the midfield and is now coming off. Riedewald is given the final 15 minutes to make an impact.,0

Bournemouth make a change on the wing. Ouattara has not had any impact in the attack and is now being replaced by Anthony.,0

Bournemouth want to add more height to their attack and go direct up to their attack. Moore is on for Christie.,0

Bournemouth wanted to make three changes before the goal but the ball did not go off the pitch. O'Neil makes a change at full-back, with Smith replacing Vina. He has had a difficult game against Olise.,0

GOALLLLL! EZE SCORES AGAIN! Eze has been excellent since Hodgson returned to Palace and scores again. Olise has possession on the right on the halfway line and drills a pass across the pitch to Eze. He moves inside from the left past Lerma and into the middle of the pitch before curling an effort into the top corner.,1

Palace are forced into their first change. Zaha is injured and is replaced in the attack with Edouard coming on. Zaha is walking off but looks disappointed.,0

GOALLL! EZE SCORES! 1-0 PALACE! That's a wonderful Palace goal. Zaha, Hughes and Ayew combine with the striker sending a pass back to Zaha. The winger is on the left of the box and spins past a couple of defenders before lashing a low cross into the box. Ayew is there and flicks it to Eze who crashes it past Neto from close range.,1

Penalised for a high boot inside his own area, McTominay is shown a yellow card and hangs his head as a penalty is awarded.,2

Having impressed today with his fleet foootwork, Achouri is withdrawn. Soon after his brother Rasmus left the pitch, Oscar Hojlund is sent on.,0

After a lively shift in midfield, Goncalves comes off; Larsson - son of former Man United player Henrik - is introduced.,0

For halting Elyounoussi with a foul just outside Copenhagen's area, Fernandes picks up the game's first booking.,2

MAN UNITED LEAD! With time running out, Maguire - still up in the area following a corner - arrives at the back post to power a header into the net: 1-0! Eriksen's delivery was perfectly placed, and the much-maligned defender puts United in front!,1

Signalling a shift of emphasis in central midfield, Amrabat departs at half-time and the more cerebral style of Eriksen is introduced.,0

AGUERO AGAIN!!!! THE ARGENTINE MAKES IT FIVE!!!!! 5-0 CITY!!! Aguero nods home with a fine headed finish from 12 yards. Fernandinho whips a pinpoint cross into the box for the forward to attack. He coasts in behind Keane and connects with a powerful effort that travels into the bottom-right corner.,1

AGUEROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! THE ARGENTINE GETS HIS GOAL ON HIS PREMIER LEAGUE SEND OFF!!!!! CITY 4-0!!!! Aguero ensures that he signs off in front of his home fans with a goal as he pokes his effort into the bottom-right corner. Fernandinho steals possession from Davies and feeds his team-mate. Aguero turns his way past Holgate before placing his right-footed strike away from Pickford into the back of the net.,1

Aguero receives a huge reception from the City fans as he makes his final bow at the Etihad Stadium. Mahrez makes way for the Argentine.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!! FODEN MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-0 CITY!!!! The England man gets on the scoresheet as with a fine finish from close range. City break at the Everton defence before Sterling takes over. He spots Foden in space, who takes a touch to break away from Godfrey before planting his strike beyond Pickford into the bottom-right corner.,1

Foden runs at Holgate down the left flank and is brought down by the defender. The Everton man goes into the book for his cynical challenge, while City have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! JESUS DOUBLES CITY'S LEAD!!!! 2-0!!!!! The champions extend their advantage as Jesus punishes Keane for a mistake. The defender loses out to Fernandinho in the middle of the park and De Bruyne sends Jesus on his way. He cuts back away from the challenge of Godfrey in the box before dispatching his strike past Pickford. Clinical from the Brazilian.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! DE BRUYNE SCORES A SUBLIME CITY GOAL!!!!!! 1-0!!! The champions take the lead after playing their way through the Everton defence before De Bruyne curls a precise effort into the bottom-right corner. The home side work a series of passes together in the visitors' half before Mahrez curls an offload towards the Belgian. He takes a touch before beating Pickford with a great strike from 20 yards.,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 0-2 CRYSTAL PALACE! Palace seal the victory! Olise races forward and finds Zaha in the box. Zaha holds the ball up with some trickery and passes back to Olise. Olise lays off to Gallagher who sweeps a shot past Ederson off the right-hand post.,1

Guaita is shown a yellow card for time-wasting over a goal kick. You can't blame Palace for trying to drag things out.,2

Grealish is next to go off. He's been one of City's brighter players but hasn't been able to unlock Palace. Sterling replaces him.,0

Gallagher is booked for bringing down Grealish. Grealish shares some choice words with the Chelsea loanee, covering his lips with his arm.,2

THE DECISION STANDS! Laporte is dismissed for his clumsy challenge on Zaha. He looks forlorn as he heads down the tunnel. He's unfortunate to be sent off but it was a mess entirely of his own making. He's had a nightmare of a first half.,3

GOAL! MANCHESTER CITY 0-1 CRYSTAL PALACE! Palace take a shock lead! It's a simple goal stemming from Gallagher robbing Laporte. Zaha receives the pass and plays a one-two with Gallagher to beat Dias before rolling past Ederson into the far bottom corner.,1

Benzema is the first to make way, getting a brilliant reception from the visiting fans after his incredible display. Wales star Bale is on in his place.,0

Madrid introduce young midfielder Camavinga from the bench, with Kroos being replaced after rolling back the years with a cultured performance.,0

Lukaku is also coming on for the hosts, replacing the underwhelming Pulisic in the Chelsea frontline.,0

Loftus-Cheek replaces Jorginho in the Chelsea midfield, as Tuchel looks to add some energy to the hosts' engine room.,0

GOAAALLL! 3-1 TO REAL MADRID, AND IT'S ANOTHER CHAMPIONS LEAGUE HAT-TRICK FOR BENZEMA! Oh my word, what are Chelsea playing at here? It's a calamitous start to the second half for the hosts, as Mendy's terrible pass towards Rudiger allows Benzema to roll into an empty net!,1

Chelsea are making a half-time switch here, with Kovacic entering the fray to replace Christensen, as the Blues change system.,0

GOAAAL! Chelsea get one back through Havertz! A neat move sees James glide inside from the right and pick out Jorginho. His brilliant cross is met by Havertz, who heads beyond Courtois to give Chelsea a route back into the match!,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! IT'S TWO FOR MADRID, AND TWO FOR BENZEMA! Stamford Bridge is stunned into silence as Benzema peels away from Silva, heading Modric's right-wing cross past Mendy and into the bottom-right corner! It's an astonishing quick-fire double from the Madrid number nine!,1

GOOOAAAALLL! Benzema puts the visitors 1-0 up, and what a goal it is! Vinicius is released in behind on the left-wing after a one-two with the Frenchman, and clips a lovely cross into Benzema's path. Madrid's leading goalscorer heads brilliantly past Mendy, and the visitors have the advantage!,1

Militao becomes the first man to pick up a booking for that foul, as James and Mount stand over the free-kick, slightly to the left of the D...,2

After Burnley clear a Brentford attack, Baptiste crashes into Cullen on the halfway line. With that, time is now really running out for Brentford.,2

YELLOW CARD for Toney! It's been that kind of a day on his 28th birthday. A long ball from Brentford challenges Muric and Toney is there again. This time he goes in quite heavily on the keeper, who is in a bit of pain, and Toney is booked.,2

GOOOOOALLLL! Brentford back in it and it is 2-1. The comeback is on! A fantastic cross comes in from the right and Ajer gets his head on it to just poke it into the bottom left corner. A helpless Muric just looks on. Just moments earlier, a VAR check was on for a potential foul by the keeper on Toney but the goal came seconds later.,1

YELLOW CARD. Amdouni is in the book for a foul on Collins, who does very well to break through from the back.,2

First change for Burnley. Amdouni replaces one of the goalscorers today, Bruun Larsen, who gets a big cheer from the home fans.,0

GOOOOOALLLL! Fofana makes no mistake this time, and it is 2-0 to Burnley. Shortly after that Brentford attack, Burnley are on the counter. Fofana is released in behind the Brentford defence, stays calm, and neatly places it past Flekken into the far corner.,1

First change of the match and its a double change for the visitors. Yarmoliuk comes in for Onyeka first up.,0

GOOOOOALLLL! Bruun Larsen stays calm and finds the left corner from the penalty spot. Flekken guessed correctly but just could not get to the ball. Burnley 1-0 Brentford.,1

RED CARD! Sergio Reguilon's return from injury lasts only a few minutes as he is sent off for that foul on Vitinho. Massive problem for Brentford early on.,3

Another Watford player is shown a yellow card, this time it is Success after an altercation with a ball boy, who was taking his time in giving the ball back.,2

Holebas barges into the back of Son, right on the touchline and gets nowhere near the ball. The referee shows him a yellow card. Needless challenge.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Tottenham take the lead with just a couple of minutes remaining, Llorente makes it 2-1! The striker makes up for his earlier miss, by powering a header past Foster and into the back of the net. Rose whipped a deep cross into the penalty area, Llorente rises above his marker and powers the ball into the bottom corner, with Foster nowhere near saving it.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Tottenham are level, Son scores on his return to the side and it's 1-1 with just 10 minutes remaining on the clock! Spurs have dominated the second half and they've finally got their goal, after Llorente controls the ball on the edge of the box and then passes to Son who smashes the ball past Foster, who had no chance of saving that.,1

Capoue is booked after tripping Moura, as he breaks past a couple of Watford defenders. A clear foul and booking for the Watford man.,2

Another change by the visitors, this time it is Cleverley who is coming off and Wilmot is his replacement.,0

Here is the first Watford substitution of the game, with Deulofeu coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Success.,0

Mariappa is shown the first yellow card of the game, just a few seconds after the restart after he bringing Moura down as the Spurs man broke away on the counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Watford take the lead, it's 1-0! The visitors kept the pressure up on Spurs, winning back-to-back corners after Mariappa's shot is deflected. Holebas whips a terrific ball into the box, which tempts Lloris to come off his line and try to punch the ball, but he misses. Sanchez gets a touch, which takes it into the path of Cathcart, who pounces on it to fire the ball into the back of the net. A scrappy goal, but Watford won't mind one bit.,1

The first change of the game now and it is Simeone who has made the first move. Carrasco is off, with Joao Felix coming on.,0

GOAL! What a strike by Saul! There was little chance of stopping that and now Atleti are level. The ball rebounded to the midfielder on the edge of the area and he immediately sent a crushing volley flying into the right-hand side of the goal. It's 1-1!,1

A booking for Partey, who lunged in late on De Tomas. The Espanyol forward has been a real thorn in Atleti’s side so far.,2

Savic is down after a collision with Embarba, and will have to go off for treatment for a cut to his mouth. Embarba, meanwhile, has picked up a booking.,2

Tempers are already flaring slightly here and Felipe has received a booking after he lunged in on De Tomas from behind.,2

Castrovilli comes off to a standing ovation as Zurkowski replaces him for the game’s final few minutes.,0

Skipper Pezzella walks off the pitch to be replaced by Ceccherini as Montella makes his second substitution of this match with seven minutes of normal time to play.,0

Milenkovic heads away another Juve long ball and the hosts look to break only for Bentancur to bring down Castrovilli in midfield. The Bianconeri substitute earns himself a yellow in the process, and the visitors’ third of the match.,2

Castrovilli brings down Ronaldo as Juve look to counter, earning himself a yellow card and Fiorentina’s third of the match so far.,2

Ribery looks to be in some discomfort after getting clipped during another Fiorentina attack, and he comes off as a precautionary measure to the adulation of the Viola faithful to be replaced by Boateng.,0

Danilo is one of the players being looked at by his club’s medics, and the right-back trudges off the pitch to be replaced by Cuadrado in Sarri’s final throw of the dice. Irrati restarts play following the substitution.,0

De Ligt takes down Ribery as the latter embarked on another one of his runs, and the Juve centre-back draws out the first booking of the half, equalling the card count between the two sides with two yellows apiece.,2

Juve make their second substitution just before the break, as Pjanic trudges off with a suspected knock to be replaced by Uruguay midfielder Bentancur.,0

Chiesa, who has had an eventful first half so far as the heart of the Viola’s attacking play and as De Ligt’s main target throughout the match, receives his side’s second booking for bringing down the Netherlands centre-back in the hunt for the ball.,2

Pjanic clips Ribery as the latter ventured forward down the wing, and the Viola now have an opportunity to cause some chaos in the visitors’ penalty area. The Juve midfielder gets booked for his troubles.,2

Juve zip forward with real intent only for Dalbert to snuff out a Bianconeri attack. The visitors win a throw-in before Caceres brings down Bernardeschi following an aerial challenge, receiving the game’s first booking.,2

The home faithful boo Costa once more as he limps off the pitch to be replaced by Bernardeschi, having sustained a knock while dribbling past a Viola challenge.,0

GOOOALLL! LLORENTE FOR LEEDS, IT'S 1-1! Harrison bends in a great inswinging corner from the right, and Llorente gets between Kabak and Firmino to head home from six yards.,1

Klopp shuffles his pack once again. Oxlade-Chamberlain will get 10 minutes into his legs, with Jota the man to make way.,0

The goalscorer Mane is off as Klopp makes his first change. Jota moves over to the left, and Salah comes on on the right.,0

GOOOALLL! 1-0 Liverpool, Mane ends his goal drought! Jota picks out Alexander-Arnold with a great crossfield pass over to the right. Instead of taking a touch for himself with Meslier rushing out to meet him, the right-back squares it to Mane at the edge of the area, and he taps home into the empty net.,1

Dallas is booked for shoving Jota to the ground from behind as the Portugal international drove into the Leeds half.,2

Here comes the final change, with Martínez replaced by Müller. The striker has scored in each of the last 10 Champions League campaigns; the longest run of any player for the club in competition history.,0

Benfica make a double change here, the first sees Pizzi come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Rafa Silva.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Bayern double their lead, it's 2-0! It's Renato Sanches with the goal, scoring against his former club and he receives warm applause from the home supporters now, despite scoring against them. He started the move off, sprinting forward with the ball from the edge of his own area, shrugs off a couple of challenges before picking out Lewandowksi, he crosses it to James in the penalty area, who chips the ball into the area and Sanches fires it home. Lovely move and goal.,1

Jardel is the third player this evening to be shown a yellow card, after he goes through the back of Lewandowski as he turns on the halfway line.,2

Kimmich is shown the first yellow card of the game, after a coming together with Cervi. The referee is indicating that a swinging arm hit the face of Cervi, much to the fury of the Bayern man.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Bayern lead 1-0! Lewandowski with the early goal to put the German giants ahead here. It was a lovely move by Bayern, with Alaba getting forward down the left, pulling the ball back from the byline, straight to the feet of Lewandowski. The striker sorted his feet out and the passed the ball into the bottom corner, out of the reach of Vlachodimos.,1

Immobile is the final player to go off in the closing stages of the game, with Muriqi taking his place up front.,0

With the game wrapped up, Inzaghi makes a triple-change now. Luis Alberto is the first to depart the field, with Akpa Akpro taking his place in midfield.,0

GOAL!!! IT'S 3-0 TO LAZIO NOW!!! That surely wraps things up for Lazio! Lazzari races down the right and squares it to Immobile on the edge of the box. The striker takes a couple of touches to get into the area before arrowing an unstoppable effort across goal and in off the base of the left-hand post! ,1

Correa is going to be denied the chance to complete his hat-trick now as Inzaghi decides to bring him off, with Pereira taking his place.,0

Pioli makes another double-change as the second half draws on. Calabria is the first to come off, with Dalot replacing him at right-back.,0

The second sees Saelemaekers, who has been quiet since the restart, come off for Real Madrid loanee Diaz.,0

Pioli makes a double-substitution as he searches for a way to get Milan back into the game. The first is a like-for-like change up front, as Leao comes on to replace Mandzukic.,0

Milinkovic-Savic blocks Donnarumma off as he tries to start a counter-attack after claiming a corner and the Lazio midfielder is booked as a result.,2

GOAL!!! LAZIO DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!!! Calhanoglu goes down at the edge of the Lazio box but the referee waves play on and Luis Alberto carries it into the middle before sending it forward to Correa. The forward takes Tomori on and beats him down the right side of the box before thumping a ferocious effort into the roof of the net from a tight angle! It's 2-0 to Lazio!,1

Milan work a slick move and Hernandez bursts through the centre, getting forward from left-back, but Acerbi scythes him down and picks up a yellow card.,2

GOAL!!! LAZIO ARE IN FRONT ALREADY!!! Bennacer's loose touch is pounced on by Correa, who plays a sharp give-and-go with Immobile and finds himself in behind the Milan defence and one-on-one with Donnarumma. The Lazio forward takes the ball around the goalkeeper and taps into an empty net! It's 1-0 to Lazio!,1

Watkins chases down two Saints defenders and slides in late on Forster's clearance, drawing a yellow card from the referee's pocket.,2

Romeu chops down McGinn as the Villa midfielder looks to advance over halfway, and the Saints man is shown the first yellow card of the match.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!!! IT'S FOUR!!! Forward come Villa again through Cash, who continues his run before cutting the ball back to Ings. He shoots first time, placing the ball into the far corner to put Villa 4-0 up over his former employers! The hosts are running riot here!,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! The Villains have three!!! After a Luiz shot from the free-kick is blocked, Ings beats two before finding Coutinho. He feigns to shoot on his left, taking three defenders out of the equation, before firing the ball home with a right-footed drive that puts Villa 3-0 up! Game, set and match? Probably!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! Villa have a second!!! After Southampton repel another Villa attack, Chambers clips the ball over the top into Coutinho's path. With the away defence nowhere, he tees up Luiz to his right, and he taps the ball beyond Forster to make it 2-0! Villa are right on top here!,1

GOOOAAALLLL!!! Villa strike first!!!! It's a fantastic finish from Watkins, who takes a pass from Ings, turns Stephens brilliantly, and fires the ball beyond Forster's grasp into the back of the net! An excellent goal by the hosts, and they're 1-0 up with barely nine minutes gone!,1

Anguissa makes a tactical foul in the final moments of the game, bringing down Fagioli who was breaking forward. He is given a yellow card.,2

GOALLLLL! RASPADORI SCORES OFF THE BENCH! 1-0 NAPOLI! What an ending to the game. Zielinski pokes the ball down the right flank with Elmas getting on the end of his pass and chipping a cross into the box. Raspadori is free and crashes his effort from close range past Szczesny.,1

Di Maria goes into the book after moaning at the referee. He wanted a free-kick on the left flank after a challenge from Min-Jae, but did not get one.,2

Kvaratskhelia has been a constant threat down the left flank, but has not been able to get a goal or an assist. He is replaced by Raspadori.,0

Fagioli is not happy that the goal is not given and is shown a yellow card after complaining to the referee.,2

Ndombele has been at the heart of everything Napoli have done in this game with possession running through him, but he is now coming off. Zielinski started the last game and is now coming on.,0

Spalletti has seen enough and has decided to make a change. it comes on the wing with Elmas replacing Lozano. The Mexico international has had bright moments, but had failed to make an impact in the second half with most of Napoli's attacks coming down the left.,0

Juventus make their third change of the game, with Napoli yet to make a switch. Soule is replaced by Fagioli.,0

Massimiliano Allegri makes another switch in the attack. Di Maria is often given a free role behind the striker and comes on to replace Miretti. He will appear all over the pitch in the final 30 minutes.,0

Juventus make the first change of the game. Kostic has been heavily involved down the left flank, but has struggled to beat Di Lorenzo. Chiesa replaces him on the wing.,0

Another Juventus midfielder goes into the book. This time Rabiot is punished for a late slide tackle on Anguissa.,2

Locatelli is the first player to go into the book after bringing down Ndombele. The Tottenham loanee was breaking into Juventus half with the ball.,2

Another yellow shown to Guerreiro, this time, as Bayern look to waste time and hold out for this much-needed three points.,2

A late yellow card for Tomas as we enter the first of four minutes of added time here in the second half.,2

The first change of the game for the visitors as Muller makes way for De Light. A somewhat defensive change from Tuchel that will perhaps bring about a slight reshuffling of the side's setup.,0

GOOOALLL!! WOLFSBURG PULL ONE BACK! 2-1! Well, where has that from? A huge goal before the break for Wolfsburg and it's a superb finish from Arnold. The Wolfsburg captain picks up the ball from Maehle on the edge and his sweetly hit left-footed effort curls away from Neuer and into the top-left corner. The Bayern keeper is furious with his defence but it's a vital goal on the stroke of half-time for the home side.,1

GOOOAAALLL!! KANE ON THE SCORESHEET AGAIN! 2-0! Well, it wasn't quite for long, and it's that man again - Harry Kane - who is in the goals. The Englishman picks it up on the edge of the box and, with nobody around him, tries his luck from range and it's a simply divine finish, curling high into the top corner. No chance for Casteels and Bayern have a vital second goal before the break.,1

GOOOAAAALLL!!! BAYERN LEAD! 1-0! The pressure tells and the visitors are ahead through Musiala. Much of Bayern's attacking threat has come down the right and, this time, it's Muller who takes up the position out wide. The German cuts inside before delivering an enticing cross into the box which is met by the onrushing Musiala. He makes no mistake. rising before Kane and thumping home past Casteels to give his side a deserved lead.,1

The first yellow for Bayern, now, as Pavlovic is cautioned for a tug of Arnold's shirt in the middle of the park.,2

The cards don't stay in Stegemann's pockets for long as Zesiger is shown the game's first yellow card after the centre-back cynically pulled Sane's shirt as he tried to escape down the right flank.,2

GOAL!!! NEWCASTLE HAVE SURELY WON IT!!! The initial corner is cleared only as far as Saint-Maximin on the left and he swings a cross back into the middle, where Hayden gets behind Rudiger to head past Kepa and in! The goalkeeper should do better as the effort is close to him and he managed to get a touch. It's 1-0 to Newcastle! ,1

Shelvey departs as Bruce makes his final change, bringing Matty Longstaff on to partner his brother in midfield.,0

Emerson tries to buy a penalty, going down under no contact in the box and is rightly booked for simulation.,2

Krafth is replaced by a midfielder in Sean Longstaff by Bruce, seeing Hayden go out to fill in on the right of the defence.,0

Mount trudges off for Barkley in Lampard's first change of the night. He's not had his finest game in a Chelsea shirt, with a few poor decisions made.,0

Hayden now picks up a yellow card for a clumsy challenge on Mount, giving Chelsea a free-kick in a very promising position.,2

Willems has his face in his hands as he is stretchered off, with Ritchie coming on to replace him at left wing-back.,0

Messi breezes past Jordan and the Sevilla midfielder unceremoniously grabs a fistful of the Argentine's shirt and hauls him back, earning himself a yellow card.,2

GOAL!! MESSI DOUBLES BARCELONA'S LEAD!! The Barcelona captain plays a quick one-two with Moriba on the left to get away from Jordan, before dancing past the challenge of Fernando and getting into the box. He's a little lucky as the ball breaks to him off the onrushing Bounou, allowing him to tap into an empty net! It's 2-0 to Barcelona now!,1

Araujo, having come on earlier in the half, is forced off with an injury, meaning Umtiti takes his place at the back.,0

Koeman now makes a double-change of his own in an attempt to see out the game. Dembele is the first to come off, with Braithwaite replacing him.,0

Dembele is booked as the referee feels the forward takes too long to leave the field as he's being substituted. ,2

Pedri is taken off now after going down off the ball with an injury. 18-year-old Moriba comes on to replace him, making just his third-ever appearance for the senior team.,0

Koeman makes an interesting substitution, bringing Araujo on for Pique at centre-back. There doesn't appear to be any sign of injury to the departing defender.,0

Former Barcelona midfielder Rakitic - who has been largely ineffectual - also departs, to be replaced by Rodríguez.,0

The referee's yellow card is immediately back out, with Sevilla substitute Rekik going into the book for a foul on Pedri less than a minute after coming on.,2

Lopetegui makes three changes at half-time as he looks for a vastly improved second-half performance. El Haddadi is off for En-Nesyri on the left wing in the first substitution.,0

Gomez is also hooked on the opposite flank, with Suso coming on to take his place as Lopetegui alters his attack.,0

Diego Carlos, who was on a yellow card, is also replaced, with Rekik taking his spot alongside Kounde in defence.,0

Yet another yellow card is shown as Escudero slides in on Dest just outside the Sevilla box. The left-back is certain that he won the ball and is none too pleased to be booked.,2

Messi is now penalised as he mistimes his challenge on Fernando, catching the midfielder late and earning himself a yellow card.,2

Diego Carlos follows team-mate Fernando into the book as he accidentally catches Messi in the face when grappling with him for control of the ball.,2

Fernando earns himself the game's first yellow card for a poor challenge on De Jong in the middle of the pitch.,2

GOAL!! BARCELONA LEAD!! Messi picks the ball up on the halfway line and slides a perfectly-weighted pass in behind for Dembele, who races between two Sevilla defenders and into the box before tucking a low shot through the goalkeeper's legs and into the far corner! It's 1-0 to Barcelona!,1

Feyenoord are just going to have chance to make their change before the end of the game. They're bringing Jahanbakhsh on for the final few seconds in place of Wieffer.,0

Wieffer leads with his elbow as he rises for an aerial challenge, and just catches Paredes in the side of the head. It's another costly booking for Feyenoord, as he'll also miss their next game if they go through.,2

Ndicka just shoves Ueda in the back to stop him from controlling the ball. The referee goes straight to his pocket for a yellow card.,2

There's another roll of the dice for De Rossi here. Dybala is making way, with Baldanzi on in his place.,0

Roma are making a change before the start of extra time. El Shaarawy, who was arguably their brightest player in the second half, goes off for Zalewski.,0

It's a desperate challenge from Timber as he slides in on Dybala, getting nowhere near the ball. He's booked, and it means that he'll be unavailable for Feyenoord's next match if they make it through.,2

Llorente is taken off the pitch on a stretcher after his head injury, and Ndicka is brought on to replace him.,0

Both sides are making more changes here, starting with Feyenoord. The full forward line apart from the goalscorer has now been swapped, as Minteh replaces Nieuwkoop.,0

Roma are making their first change now, and it's a straight swap at right-back. Karsdorp is going off, with Celik coming on in his place.,0

Hancko knows that Dybala is going to get away from him, so he wraps his around him to drag the Argentinian back. He can have no complaints about that booking.,2

Feyenoord are making the first changes of the game, and Slot is looking to add something different to his forward line. Stengs is the first to go off, with Zerrouki replacing him.,0

Again, it's two high boots, but this time, it's Geertruida who's late. He catches Pellegrini on the bottom of his foot, and can't be surprised that a yellow card followed the challenge.,2

Paredes and Nieuwjoop both have their legs high to try and get to the ball, but the Argentinian is slightly later reaching it. He gets the slightest of nicks on the Dutchman's leg, and goes into the book.,2

Spinazzola just clips Nieuwkoop's heel as the winger tries to cut inside, and he picks up the first booking of the game.,2

PELLEGRINI EQUALISES! And what a goal it is! El Shaaraway's run down the left is tracked all the way by Geertruida, but he manages to get a yard on the defender to pull it back to Pellegrini. From just outside the box, he knocks it past Wieffer before curling a shot across goal and into the far side of the net. 1-1!,1

GIMENEZ SCORES! Paixao has acres of space down the left side and he races into the final third before drilling a low cross into the box. It's behind Stengs, but Nieuwkoop is alert and manages to beat Mancini to the ball to keep it alive. It hits Gimenez, who doesn't have to move to help it loop into the net. 1-0 Feyenoord!,1

GOOOAAALLLLL!!!! 1-0 BARCELONA!!! VAR HAS GIVEN IT!! Gundogan picks up the ball in space on the edge of the penalty area and finds the run of Araujo, who burst into the box from defence. His header flies through the legs of Remiro and into the back of the net! The assistant referee originally flagged for offside, but VAR has intervened! It’s a goal!,1

Gavi is given a yellow after the referee had initially played advantage, and the Barcelona midfielder will now miss their next match.,2

Fernandez comes on in place of Oyarzabal, who just couldn't get his side the goal they needed. La Real have brought on another striker in the hope of finding a winner late on.,0

Barrenetxea's game is over after causing plenty of problems for the Barcelona defence. However, La Real are yet to break the deadlock, and they will be hoping Cho is the answer, with the young forward coming off the bench.,0

Zubeldia is awarded a yellow after he was adjudged to have handled the ball, halting a Barcelona attack.,2

Cancelo makes way as Raphinha is the man Xavi is hoping will come on and change the game. It's certainly an attacking alteration from the Barcelona manager.,0

Felix's game is over as young Yamal is given an opportunity to impress in the second half. The Barcelona man can make himself a hero if he grabs the winner today.,0

La Real make their first change of the game as Elustondo enters the fray. Traore is the player to make way, and he's not happy, throwing his shinpads in frustration as he leaves the pitch.,0

It didn't take long in the second half for Pedri to be introduced. The Spanish youngster enters the fray with Lewandowski heading off the pitch. The Polish striker will be disappointed not to have added to his five goals this season.,0

Xavi makes an attacking change as his side look to push for the opening goal. Fermin is the one to make way after a quiet game, with Torres coming on in his place.,0

Felix wasn't happy with a challenge from Mendez, and the referee takes his name for reacting in an aggressive manner.,2

TREZEGUET PULLS ONE BACK!!! 2-1! A lifeline for Villa as Trezeguet drills past Patricio and Saiss was unable to stop the ball from crossing the line.,1

Jimenez is given a rousing reception as he is substituted in the last few moments. He is replaced by Patrick Cutrone.,0

That timely intervention was Neves' last contribution in this game as he goes off to be replaced by Ryan Bennett.,0

JIMENEZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2-0 TO WOLVES! That could be the goal that settles the West Midlands derby! A well-timed Neves challenge launches a quickfire counter with Traore embarking on a trademark run from inside his own half. He then pulls the ball across for Jimenez, who calmly sweeps into the far corner.,1

Jota is given a generous reception from the Wolves fans as he makes his way off to be replaced by Pedro Neto.,0

Jota is shown a yellow card after taking his protests towards the linesman too far following a decision not going in his favour.,2

Appearing to be struggling following that earlier knock to the head, Targett is unable to carry on. He goes off to be replaced by Neil Taylor.,0

NEVES!!!!!!! 1-0 TO WOLVES! A trademark strike from Neves puts the hosts in front. Moutinho deliberately pulls the free-kick back to his fellow Portuguese midfielder, who has time to place a precise first-time strike beyond the helpless dive of Nyland.,1

Mings is booked for a late challenge on Traore, who was threatening to get in behind down the right side.,2

Steer is unable to continue in this game and is helped off the field by the Villa medical team. He is replaced in goal by Orjan Nyland.,0

GOAL! Ronaldo expertly converts the penalty as he sends Strakosha the wrong way before firing it straight down the middle of the goal. There can be no complaints about the penalty as Radu pulled Cancelo to the floor at the back post. 2-1!,1

Alberto has been very lively for Lazio during this match, but he is now replaced by Berisha. Less than 10 minutes to go.,0

Milinkovic-Savic is brought down late by Chiellini who clattered through the back of the Lazio midfielder. Milinkovic-Savic is the one to receive the yellow card, however.,2

Chiellini rather unsurprisingly also receives a yellow card for that incident with Milinkovic-Savic. It was not a great tackle.,2

GOAL! Juventus are back on level terms! Bernardeschi gets away from Wallace expertly down the left-hand side before picking his head up and sliding the play into the path of Dybala whose left-footed effort  from the edge of the box is well saved by Strakosha. The substitute Cancelo is first to react to the loose ball and calmly slots the ball into the bottom left corner from the right side of the penalty area. Strakosha stood no chance with the follow-up effort. 1-1.,1

De Sciglio is the latest player to go into the book after bringing down Alberto in the Lazio half. Juventus are looking increasingly frustrated.,2

Juventus make their second change of the match as they look to get back on level terms. Matuidi is replaced by Bernardeschi.,0

Lucas receives a yellow card after an off-the-ball tussle with Matuidi after the Frenchman impeded the Lazio midfielder.,2

Can is the first player to go into the book after cynically bringing down Correa just inside of the Juventus half.,2

GOAAALLL - INTER 2-0 SHAKHTAR - He's at it again. Far too easy for Dzeko as he heads home from inside the six-yard box, but he has Perisic to thank for putting the ball on a plate. The cross was sublime, and Dzeko made sure it was dispatched with ease.,1

GOAAALLL!!!! INTER 1-0 SHAKHTAR - Finally, the deadlock is broken as Dzeko thumps the ball into the bottom corner. Inter charged their way down the left-hand side, with Perisic then able to pick out Darmian at the far post. The right-back had his half-volley blocked, but the ball rebounded to Dzeko. The former Roma man took a second to pick his spot before curling the ball into the goal past Trubin.,1

Vitao is back on his feet, but he received a yellow card, with the referee claiming he brought down Dzeko intentionally.,2

Elliott's frustration gets the better of him as he goes through the back of Ceballos to win the ball back. He's shown a late yellow card.,2

Madrid's last change is a double one. Benzema won't get the chance to go for a hat-trick as he's replaced by Asensio.,0

Second change for Madrid now, and Rodrygo makes his way off the far side of the pitch so Ceballos can replace him.,0

Another double change for Liverpool now. Gomez, who has had a pretty torrid second half, is replaced by Matip.,0

BENZEMA SCORES AGAIN! Madrid break quickly on the counter, and Liverpool just can't cope with it. Modric bundles it to Vinicius, and he slides it through Van Dijk's legs to Benzema. Alisson rushes out, but he coolly takes it around him before firing his shot past three Liverpool defenders and into the top corner. 5-2 Madrid!,1

Liverpool's first change is a double one as they look to get back into this tie. Gakpo is the first to go off, with Firmino replacing him.,0

Vinicius is the first player to go into the referee's book as he refuses to retreat so that Liverpool can take their free-kick.,2

BENZEMA SCORES! What a turnaround by Madrid! Bajcetic can't clear his lines and Carvajal knocks it back out to Rodrygo. He touches it into Benzema, who gets it out of his feet before poking a shot on goal. It takes a big deflection off Gomez's thigh which completely wrongfoots Alisson as it hits the net. 4-2 Madrid!,1

MILITAO SCORES! It was a clumsy challenge from Gomez on Vinicius and it's cost Liverpool! Modric whips the free-kick in from just outside the area on the left and Militao loses his marker to have a free header from the edge of the six-yard box. He thumps his header through the crowd and into the back of the net. 3-2 Madrid!,1

VINICIUS SCORES AGAIN! And this time, it's Alisson who's at fault! Gomez does well to intercept the pass into Vinicius and he knocks it back to the keeper. He attempts to play it straight back to Gomez, not seeing Vinicius closing him down, and the pass hits him and loops straight into the empty net. 2-2!,1

Alaba does make his way straight off the pitch with the medical team, and it's Nacho that's on to replace him.,0

VINICIUS PULLS ONE BACK! It's lovely stuff from the Brazilian, who gets away from Fabinho with a lovely bit of footwork before playing a one-two with Benzema as he cuts inside from the left. Nobody closes him down and he whips a great shot past Alisson into the far side of the net. 2-1!,1

SALAH SCORES! And it's a moment to forget for Courtois! Carvajal cuts off Gakpo's run down the left and knocks it back to the keeper. Courtois is looking to take his time, but it bounces awkwardly off his knee, wrongfooting him, and Salah is on the spot to fire it past into the back of the net. 2-0 Liverpool!,1

WHAT A GOAL! And what a start for Liverpool! Salah drives down the right, and Alaba backs off, allowing him space to fizz a low cross into the middle. Nunez times his run perfectly and goes for an audacious backheel flick that comes off as it flies past Courtois into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

It's 3-0 to PSG! It's that man Mbappe again, as he is found by Dagba after some clever link-up play on the right-hand side with Simons. Dagba drags it back to Mbappe, who makes no mistake as he smashes it into the back of the net.,1

Icardi makes it 2-0! He steps up and puts his penalty to his left, sending Le Meur the wrong way. It's a really long way back for the fifth-tier team now.,1

Mbappe makes it 1-0 from the spot! He steps up confidently and smashes it to his left. Le Meur actually gets a hand to it, but the power is simply too much and it nestles in the back of the net.,1

Skriniar joins his fellow Inter players in the book after bringing Mario Rui down off the ball as Napoli looked to build once more.   ,2

Esposito - who was sat on the Inter bench - is also shown a yellow card for his part in the argument.,2

INTER RESTORE THEIR TWO GOAL ADVANTAGE! 3-1! The away side have been quiet in this second period, but they strike suddenly through Martinez! Candreva leads a counter-attack down the right flank before whipping in a cross that Manolas clumsily fails to clear, allowing Martinez to pounce on a loose ball and fire a simple finish beyond a helpless Meret from close range!,1

NAPOLI HALVE THE DEFICIT! Insigne whips in a devious cross that Bastoni can only head back to the attacker, allowing him to swing in another delivery that finds Callejon at the back post, where he nods it across goal for an unmarked Milik to tap into an empty net! 2-1 to Inter!,1

INTER GET A SECOND! 2-0! It's Lukaku again! the rampant striker intelligently carves out space once more on the counter-attack and he runs at Manolas before rifling a powerful effort from 20 yards that Meret spills helplessly into the net!,1

INTER TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Di Lorenzo slips horribly in midfield allowing a loose ball to roll towards Lukaku, who picks up possession before driving at a Napoli defence that simply backs off until the striker lashes a shot low into the bottom corner from 18 yards!,1

GOAL! IT'S DEMBELE AGAIN FOR LYON! 3-1! Is that the game right there?! The substitute is on hand in the City box for a shot from Aouar, which Ederson allows to bobble away from him, and it's a simple tap-in! Less than a minute after that Sterling miss and Lyon have surely condemned Manchester City to another quarter-final exit in the Champions League!,1

Toko Ekambi has had a fine game for Lyon but he has played his part now, as Jeff Reine-Adelaide joins the fray for the French club.,0

Finally, City make another change as they prepare to take this free-kick, with David Silva on for Rodri. Can the departing legend prolong his career with the club with a crucial piece of work?,0

GOAL! DEMBELE FOR LYON! The Ligue 1 club are back in front as the substitute suddenly comes through on the box after Toko Ekambi, in an apparent offside position, lets the ball roll past him and onto his teammate, who puts it past Ederson despite a touch from the goalkeeper. VAR has a look, but for a foul on Laporte - and the score is confirmed! City cannot believe it! Guardiola is aghast on the sidelines!,1

That goal has sparked Lyon's first change of the game as they look to respond, with Thiago Mendes on for Bruno Guimaraes. Just how does Rudi Garcia change his plans now? Do they go all out in attack or defend for a draw and extra-time?,0

GOAL FOR MANCHESTER CITY! KEVIN DE BRUYNE WITH THE LEVELLER! The Belgian puts his side back to level-pegging with a calm, collected finish as he smashes a Sterling cut-back in at the right post from the heart of the box. Lyon were stretched thin at the back at last there and City reap the rewards. It's 1-1 in Lisbon.,1

Marcelo makes a clumsy lunge at the edge of the box on Gabriel Jesus and it's an even better free-kick chance for City now, just on the lip to the left. Both Mahrez and De Bruyne stand over it...,2

A lazy challenge in midfield from Rodri on Bruno Guimares earns the City man a booking and undercuts the chunk of pressure the Premier League outfit were slowly building.,2

With that, Fernandinho is duly removed as he becomes the first player to be substituted in this game. Riyad Mahrez takes his place.,0

Fernandinho picks up a yellow card now for a cynical foul on Aouar as Lyon look to counter from the City free-kick and move into the opposition half. There will be a free-kick here, which Depay steps up to...,2

GOAL! CORNET FOR LYON! It's the man who bagged goals against City last season in the Champions League who has done it again! Toko Ekambi is fed by a deep ball, with Walker appearing to play him onside - and though he stumbles over his shot, winger Cornet is racing up in support and the Ivory Coast international cracks a spectacular low effort past Ederson at the near-post from outside the box. What a strike!,1

Cancelo and Dubois tussle for possession out on the wing and the former is felled by the latter. The referee feels it's a nasty challenge and duly brandishes a yellow card for the Lyon man.,2

MOURA!!!!!!! IT’S 3-2, SPURS ARE GOING THROUGH TO THE FINAL! Incredible. Just incredible! It’s a hat-trick, it’s amazing. Lucas Moura has proved the hero, somehow getting to a loose ball first and slotting a precise finish into the bottom-left corner.,1

That will be Van de Beek’s last involvement. The midfielder, who plays with a maturity well beyond his years, goes off to a resounding roar of appreciation. A defender – Magallan – is on.,0

Ziyech dived in late on Rose, and receives a booking. Just over 10 minutes remain in Amsterdam, and Ajax are looking ragged!,2

A booking for Rose, who let his temper get the better of him after conceding a free-kick, picking the ball up and thumping it into the turf.,2

Another change from Ten Hag, whose side are clearly panicking as Spurs up the pressure. Dolberg, who has been anonymous since the restart, goes off, with defender Sinkgraven coming on.,0

Ten Hag has responded by making a change. Schone is off, with Veltman – who will go to right-back – coming on. Mazraoui is now in midfield.,0

GOOOOAAAALL!! MOURA SCORES AGAIN, IT’S 2-2! Oh my word. I thought we’d witnessed the comeback of all comebacks yesterday, but incredibly, Spurs are now level on the night and one behind on aggregate! After a wonderful save by Onana to deny Llorente, Ajax failed to clear their lines, and Moura was able to latch onto the loose ball and, on the spin, unleash a pinpoint finish into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOAL! MOURA PULLS ONE BACK FOR SPURS! It’s 2-1 on the night, and 3-1 on aggregate now, and Tottenham have some hope. A brilliant bit of skill from Rose gets the visitors away on the counter, Alli racing clear before turning the ball into Moura’s path, and he places a brilliant finish beyond Onana.,1

A half-time change for Spurs. Llorente was their hero against Manchester City in the quarter-finals, and he has replaced Wanyama. You would assume that means a change in shape, with Llorente going up top and Son, along with Moura, moving out wide.,0

WHAT A GOAL! ZIYECH MAKES IT 2-0! This is wonderful from Ajax! Tadic gets the ball over Trippier, and combines with Dolberg. The former Southampton man then picks up his head and plays an inch-perfect cut-back to Ziyech, who slams an exquisite first-time finish into the far corner.,1

A hefty challenge by Sissoko, who lunged in late on Tagliafico. There appeared to be little malice in the challenge, but it was somewhat reckless, and the Spurs midfielder rightly receives a booking.,2

GOAL! AJAX LEAD 1-0! What a header from De Ligt. Ajax’s young captain rose highest to meet Schone’s outswinging corner, and made no mistake with a brilliant header into the bottom-right corner. What a start this is for Ajax!,1

GOAL PARMA - Di Marco with a brilliant long ball for goal from 35 yards and it flies past Handanovic into the top right corner of the net. That was one against the trend of play and it gives Parma a 1-0 lead over Inter.,1

SUBSTITUTION INTER - After hobbling around for a couple of minutes, D'Ambrosio decides he is done for the day and he is replaced by Asamoah.,0

YELLOW CARD INTER - D'Ambrosio goes into the referee's book, after a direct late challenge on Gagliolo. The referee consulted with the VAR in his earpiece and raised the yellow card.,2

SUBSTITUTION PARMA - Parma make their second change with Di Gaudio heading off the ground and he is replaced by Deiola.,0

SUBSTITUTION INTER - Inter make their second change as Candreva heads off for an early shower and is replaced by Politano.,0

SUBSTITUTION INTER - Inter make their first change of the game with Keita making way for Mauro Icardi.,0

YELLOW CARD PARMA - Štulac with a late challenge on Gagliardini, bringing him down. The referee has had enough and raises a yellow card in the air.,2

ANOTHER GOAL! 5-2 Milan and it’s substitute Borini with the finish. The work was done by Calhanoglu, who has been wonderful in this second half. The Milan man turns his man and crashes his shot against the crossbar. The ball bounces out to Borini who slides the ball home via the goalkeeper’s body.,1

GOAL! MILAN! 3-2! The Rossoneri are back in front. Higuain is involved again as the runs at the Dudelange back four. He is dispossessed but the ball falls to Calhanoglu 25 yards out and he has the composure and technique to hit a low, drilled, swerving shot past the reach of the goalkeeper.,1

Halilovic is replaced by Suso. Halilovic is a little unlucky to be the man dragged off as he has shown more than most for Milan tonight.,0

GOAL DUDELANGE! 2-1. This is a huge upset at the San Siro. Jordanov swivels on the edge of the box and hits a shot which deflects into the path of Turpel via Zapata. The striker takes the ball on the right of the Milan box and hits it first time. It is another fantastic strike from a Dudelange player and the ball flies past Reina and into the top right corner.,1

WHAT A STRIKE FROM STOLZ! 1-1! The ball in from the left breaks towards the edge of the box and the on rushing Stolz. The German midfielder doesn’t have to break stride and unleashes a fierce half volley into the top right corner.,1

GOAL MILAN! 1-0 to the Rossoneri! Calabria bursts forward down the right and cuts the ball back to Higuain on the edge of the box. The Argentine pulls of a wonderful back-heel to move the ball on to Cutrone who holds off his defender, swivels and hits a left footed shot low towards the goal. The goalkeeper lets the ball slip through his grasp and it slowly nestles in the back of the net. Not the prettiest finish but Milan will definitely take it.,1

Laxalt receives the ball back from the throw-in, shimmies right and takes on Stolz to the left. Stolz grabs hold of the Milan defender’s shirt, gives away the foul and receives a yellow card for his troubles.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL SAKA EQUALISES!!!! 3-3!!!! Arsenal are level through Saka and have plenty of time to force a winner! Nelson collects in the box and lines up a strike. Bazunu makes the save, but Saka is first to the rebound and fires the ball over the line. Arsenal surely can't record another memorable comeback here.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! ODEGAARD GIVES ARSENAL HOPE!!!!! 3-2!!!!! The Gunners give themselves a chance of salvaging a result as Odegaard bends a strike past Bazunu. White tees up his skipper on the edge of the box and he drops his shoulder before curling his left-footed strike away from the Saints keeper into the bottom-left corner. Game on.,1

Nelson replaces Martinelli, who got the goal back in the first half, but has not been on his mettle in the second.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CALETA-CAR SCORES A THIRD!!!!! 3-1 SOUTHAMPTON!!!!!! Another incredible twist in the game as Caleta-Car scores at the back post. Ward-Prowse angles a corner into the box from the right flank where Bella-Kotchap wins the first header. The ball travels to the back post where Caleta-Car heads the ball home unmarked past Ramsdale. Stunning scenes at the Emirates.,1

Alcaraz had an incredible first half, but has been withdrawn by Selles for an extra defender in Lyanco. A very surprising move by the Southampton manager.,0

Walker-Peters pulls back Martinelli on the turn and goes into the book. Arsenal have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

Saka turns past Perraud down the right flank and he draws a foul from the full-back, who goes into the book.,2

Alcaraz brings down Saka on a potential counter, dragging him down by the shirt. He goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MARTINELLI RESPONDS FOR ARSENAL!!!!! 2-1!!!! The Gunners are back in business as Martinelli sweeps home Saka's cross. Saka breaks down the right flank and manages to dig out a cross into the middle for Martinelli. The Brazilian takes on the strike first-time and beats Bazunu with his effort.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WALCOTT MAKES IT TWO!!!!!! 2-0 SOUTHAMPTON!!!! Incredible scenes at the Emirates as the Saints double their advantage as the former Gunner Walcott comes back to haunt Arsenal. Odegaard loses possession and it allows Alcaraz to release Walcott in behind Gabriel. He shoots first time and places his effort past Ramsdale into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WHAT A START FOR SOUTHAMPTON!!! ALCARAZ SCORES!!!! 1-0!!!! Ramsdale commits a huge error at the back to present Alcaraz and Southampton a goal after 30 seconds. Ramsdale tries to thread the needle between Alcaraz and Walcott, but he plays the ball straight to the forward. Alcaraz takes a touch and then hammers his strike past the Arsenal keeper into the top-left corner.,1

GOOOAALLL!!! ANTONIO HAS THE FOURTH!! 4-0!! Straight off the bench and straight into the goals for Antonio. Cresswell feeds Fornals down the line who cuts inside to beat Brennan Johnson. The Spaniard stands a great cross up to the back post and Antonio, who has been on for less than a minute, nods home for West Ham's fourth.,1

Ings, who marked his first West Ham start with a brace, comes off to a hero's reception as he is replaced by Antonio.,0

GOOOOAALLLL!!! WHAT A HIT!! 3-0! West Ham have a third and it is the best of the lot from Rice. He drives through midfield before playing a one-two with Benrahma. No one closes him down and so the English midfielder whips a beautiful right-footed effort into the top corner from the edge of the box. Surely, that's the game wrapped for the home side and what a crucial eight minutes for their season.,1

Forest make a double change in response to those goals. First off is Wood with Lingard replacing him.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! WEST HAM HAVE ANOTHER!! 2-0!! West Ham fans had barely finished celebrating the first and they now have another. Pacqueta lifts it over Williams and drives down the left. He feeds it inside to Benrahma and the Algerian's cross is bundled home by Ings for his second in a matter of minutes.,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! WEST HAM LEAD!! 1-0!! West Ham open the scoring and what a huge goal that could be. Bowen picks up the ball and drives into the box. It looks like a scuffed shot from the winger but it finds its way to Ings who sweeps it home. He has missed a couple of big chances earlier in the game but he finally has his goal. There is a VAR check for offside but the goal stands.,1

Fabianksi is unable to continue after that collision with Felipe and Areola will come on to replace him.,0

GOOOAL! Mane makes it 2-0 to Liverpool after a superb length-of-the-field move! Alisson rolls the ball to Robertson, who then releases Mane down the left flank. He in turn finds Salah, who unlocks the United defence with a superb return pass into Mane, and the forward sees his initial effort saved by Henderson before then slamming the rebound into an empty net.,1

GOOOAL! Salah makes it 1-0 to Liverpool! Robertson capitalises on a defensive error from Baldock by getting on the end of Van Dijk’s long ball on the left-hand side of the box, and Robertson then squares it for Salah who taps home from close range.,1

GOALLL! GREALISH GETS A THIRD! They couldn't, could they? Grealish drills a shot from distance inside the near post!,1

GOALLL! MINGS PULLS ONE BACK! The defender glances a header towards the far post and it finds its way into the net.,1

GOALLL! IT'S FOUR! Ings gets in on the act now with a top class finish to kill this game off. The Englishman cuts inside on his right foot and drills that ball into the top right corner.,1

GOALLL! WARD-PROWSE MAKES IT TWO! The set-piece specialist is at it again with an absolutely brilliant free-kick!,1

GOALLL! VESTERGAARD! The big defender rises highest at the back post and powers in a header into the top corner!,1

Now there’s a booking for Hakimi, whose foul will give Tatarusanu the chance to launch a long ball forward. However, the attack comes to nothing.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!! AND THERE IT IS! What a moment for Inter, and what a moment for Eriksen. If there was ever a player who needed that goal, it was him. The playmaker reminds everybody of his quality with a sublime free-kick, getting it up and over the wall and into the left-hand side of the net. It’s 2-1 Inter!,1

The break in play allows Conte to make a change, and it is Eriksen – the much-maligned playmaker who may yet move away from Inter this month – coming on for Brozovic.,0

A second change in quick succession for Milan sees the ineffective Saelemaekers make way for Castillejo.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! LUKAKU SCORES! The penalty had so much power behind it that it went high to the left-hand corner, with Tatarusanu lunging the wrong way. The ball hit the bar, but bounced in nevertheless. It’s 1-1!,1

Pioli makes an immediate change. Rebic, capable of playing out wide or up front, will come on and fill in up top. Diaz is the player to make way.,0

IBRAHIMOVIC HAS BEEN SENT OFF! Well, out of nothing, Inter have been given a lifeline. Milan’s goalscorer and the difference-maker in this match so far has received his second booking, having gone in on Kolarov. It appeared very harsh, with Kolarov seemingly clipping his own heels, but it has fooled the referee and now it’s advantage Inter!,3

Milan steal back possession and look to get away on the break, with Leao driving the charge. Brozovic, though, halts the attack in its tracks, and gets a booking for his troubles.,2

There’s a real disagreement between Lukaku and Ibrahimovic, who went head-to-head – literally – as Milan prepared to defend a free-kick. The Rossoneri goalscorer has received a booking. ,2

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! MILAN TAKE THE LEAD! Against the run of play, it’s the Rossoneri who hit the front. Diaz’s free-kick was poor, but Milan kept up the pressure – Meite heading it to Ibrahimovic, who takes a few touches to set himself before arrowing a low finish in off the left-hand upright.,1

Here is the on-loan defender, who gets his first chance in Italy in what is undoubtedly one of the biggest games.,0

A first booking of the game goes to Kjaer, who dived in on Sanchez. The centre-back had to attempt a tackle, or the Inter forward would have been in on goal.,2

OFF! Sanchez catches Juan as he sticks out a boot to reach Correa's offload. He flicks the Cornella keeper in the face and duly gets his second booking before the referee brandishes the red card.,3

Gimenez is forced from the field after injuring himself in his tackle on Prieto. Savic replaces the defender in the Atletico backline.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! JIMENEZ PUTS CORNELLA AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!!! The home side take the lead from a free-kick. Medina swings a cross in from the left flank, curling his delivery into a dangerous area. Jimenez meets it first time and steers his strike beyond the reacf San Roman into the right corner of the net.,1

BOADU!!! 2-2! What a response by Monaco. The visitors go straight down the other end and the substitute is completely unmarked to head home Vanderson's deep cross.,1

GOALLLLLLLL!!! 2-1 NANTES! The hosts complete the turnaround with 15 minutes remaining. Kolo Muani scuffs his initial shot, but the ball breaks kindly for the onrushing Moutousammy, who tucks away and the home fans go wild.,1

MARIPAN!!! FIRST BLOOD TO MONACO! The visitors strike first courtesy of an unlikely source. The centre-half is completely unmarked as he glances Vanderson's free-kick beyond Deschamps. 1-0 Monaco!,1

GOAL! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Gosling's lovely goal stands. The midfielder was just onside as the ball was played and Chelsea's defenders switched off, thinking they were safe. Bournemouth have a shock lead!,1

Gosling is next to find his name in the book for a challenge in midfield. Neither side wants to - nor deserves to - lose this.,2

Chelsea's latest attack breaks down. Solanke skips through the middle and is brought down by Kovacic. That'll be a yellow card.,2

King's game is over. The striker's worked hard in this game. Solanke replaces him up front for Bournemouth.,0

Secondly, Willian goes off for Hudson-Odoi. Willian hasn't been at his best either. Maybe Chelsea think Hudson-Odoi's pace will help them.,0

PSG win a throw deep in opposition territory and are in no rush to take it. Mbappe gets booked for an infringement related to time-wasting though and Marseille break back down the far end to win a throw of their own.,2

GOAL! DIMITRI PAYET PULLS ONE BACK FOR MARSEILLE! 2-1! Are we in for a blockbuster finish? The striker, almost injured before the break, has been well below his best today but he slots a close-range finish across Navas now as he meets a Thauvin square-pass. PSG caught napping and they pay the price.,1

GOAL! NEYMAR MAKES IT 2-0 FOR PSG! Absolutely no mistake from the Brazilian, who stutters to a crawl in his run-up and then rolls the finish into the bottom-right corner as Pele goes the other way. He waggles his tongue around like Gene Simmons in celebration.,1

How has Gonzalez escaped with just a booking there? It's another meaty challenge on Neymar, continuing to tempt the defender, and he falls for it hook, line and sinker.,2

Lirola becomes the latest Marseille man to see yellow for a reckless challenge in Lens. Time is running out for Marseille to force this one into extra-time - or even snatch a win.,2

Marseille meanwhile have removed Nagatomo and brought on Pol Lirola as they aim to claw their way back in the final twenty-plus minutes.,0

With PSG milling around a free-kick in midfield, Marseille hook Radonjic and replace him with Darío Benedetto.,0

There's been a change from Andre Villas-Boas at the break and it is a big one - goalkeeper Steve Mandanda is off and Yohann Pele is on in his place. At 38 years and 70 days, he's apparently the oldest player to take to the field for them since 1955.,0

GOAL! MAURO ICARDI PUTS PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN INTO THE LEAD! 1-0! It's such a frustrating goal for Marseille to concede too, as the striker's header skips too low for a clean take by Mandanda. The goalkeeper bobbles it back into the forward's path and he pokes home at close-range.,1

Nagatomo returns the favour from Di Maria earlier as the PSG man breaks and chops him on the ankle with a short, sharp challenge. He earns a booking for that. This could get feistier the longer it goes on.,2

Radonjic picks up the first booking of the game for a slide challenge on Florenzi as he attempts to cut the right-back's cross off before he can unload it into the box. This is a worrying free-kick position to give away for Marseille, just in line with their goal on the right.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Mbappe gets his hat-trick and PSG's fifth in additional time! PSG continued to push forward and Neymar delivered a perfect pass into the striker's path in the six-yard box, with Mbappe getting in front of his marker and turning the ball towards goal. Lopes does brilliantly to stop the first effort, but can't do anything as Mbappe slides home the rebound from just a couple of yards out.,1

Neymar is booked for a late kick on Guimaraes in the middle of the pitch. Neymar protests against the decision and has to be ushered away by his team-mates to avoid more punishment.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Sarabia makes it 4-1! Despite the heroics from Lopes in goal, he cannot stop Sarabia from scoring the fourth PSG goal of the game. There was a big goalmouth scramble in the six-yard box, with Lopes denying PSG twice, before the ball came out to Sarabia on the edge of the area and he drilled it into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

Another Lyon substitution now, with Dubois heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Andersen.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Mbappe makes it 3-1 to PSG! Wonderful run by the striker, he picks up the ball around the halfway line and runs at the Lyon defence, skipping past a couple of players, before getting into the box and firing past Lopes and into the back of the net.,1

Poor challenge by Dubois on Neymar and the Lyon right-back is booked. The Lyon players look angry at the moment with the penalty and red card decision, they just need to settle back down.,2

PSG make their first substitution of the game, with Gueye the man coming off and he has been replaced by Verratti.,0

Mbappe has been booked in the aftermath of Neymar's goal, after a few items appear to have been thrown from the stands by the supporters.,2

GOOOAAALLL! PSG lead 2-1! Neymar converts from the penalty spot, sliding the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net, sending Lopes the wrong way. Calm and composed finish by the striker.,1

RED CARD! Marcal is shown a second yellow card and is dismissed. The ball does strikes the arm of the defender and his arm isn't in a natural position, so the referee instantly awards a penalty.,3

Marcal is the first Lyon player to be booked, after he clatters into the back of Sarabia and gets nowhere near the ball.,2

GOOOAAALLL! PSG are level, it's 1-1! It's taken just four minutes for the visitors to get level here. Kurzawa rises highest as a corner is delivered into the box, he glances the ball towards the bottom left-hand corner of the net and it looks to be heading into the goal, but Mbappe slides in just to make sure, getting the slightest of touches to it and he makes it 1-1.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Lyon take the lead, it's 1-0! Ekambi does brilliantly down the right wing, gets to the byline and then drags the ball back to Terrier in the six-yard box, who runs onto it and slides it into the back of the net, past the helpless Navas.,1

Beermann is shown yellow for dissent after arguing with the referee about the yellow card that had just been shown to Griesbeck.,2

GOOALLLL! BAYERN TAKE THE LATE LEAD! Lewandowski lined up the penalty, stuttered to send Kevin Muller the wrong way, and finished with power into the left side of goal for what is surely the winner! Bayern Munich 5-4 Heidenheim,1

GOOOALLLL! GLATZEL COMPLETES HIS HAT-TRICK AND HEIDENHEIM ARE LEVEL! WHAT A MATCH THIS IS! After the penalty was conceded by Hummels, Glatzel stepped up coolly and chipped Ulreich to score the equalizer! Bayern Munich 4-4 Heidenheim,1

GOALLLL!!! Heidenheim pull one back! Glatzel gets his second of the match as the substitute Multhaup found the striker drifting left-to-right, and the latter pulled the shot back across Ulreich and into the bottom-left corner. That certainly makes things interesting! Bayern Munich 4-3 Heidenheim,1

GOOALLLL! After review, Gnabry's goal has been given! Hummels headed the ball on to Gnabry who was kept onside by Feick... and the Bayern man slotted his right-footed effort past Kevin Muller for Bayern's fourth of the match! Bayern Munich 4-2 Heidenheim,1

GOOALLLL!!! Bayern immediately capitalise again and take the lead despite being a man down! Thomas Muller returns the favour as he sent his defender to the floor before cutting a pass to Lewandowski who finished into the centre of the net with the goalkeeper having been drawn out! Bayern 3-2 Heidenheim,1

GOOALLL!!!! The changes by Kovac certainly seem to have worked as they bring things level! Lewandowski lifted a header forward to Muller who had just beaten the offside and the latter finished his right-footed effort past Kevin Muller, and into the back of the net! Bayern Munich 2-2 Heidenheim,1

The players are running onto the pitch in advance of the second half, and striker Robert Lewandowski is among them! Rafinha is the player who was withdrawn.,0

GOOOALLL!!! Heidenheim take the lead! A quick counter-attack as a lofted ball forward was controlled by Griesbeck who laid the ball off to Schnatterer who was making a free run into the box and the latter finished with a low, right-footed effort! Ulreich tried to dive to get a hand on it but was left grasping at air. Bayern Munich 1-2 Heidenheim,1

GOALLL!!! Heidenheim level things up! Schnatterer whipped in a right-footed cross to Glatzel who rose high in the penalty area and headed the ball low and past Ulreich! We mentioned how dangerous this combination can be in the pre-match and they do indeed combine for their side's opening goal! Bayern Munich 1-1 Heidenheim,1

Ribery looked bright early but is now withdrawn for Jerome Boateng as Bayern return to their full complement in defence.,0

After a VAR review, Sule's yellow card, which he was shown on the pitch, has been changed to a red card! The referee must have considered Sule to have been the last man but it seemed Kimmich was close enough to prevent a goal-scoring opportunity. That doesn't matter though as Bayern are now reduced to 10-men!,3

GOOALLLL!!! That didn't take long at all did it? Goretzka finds a pocket of space in the box and, from Kimmich's terrific corner, heads the ball low to beat Muller in goal. Bayern Munich 1-0 Heidenheim,1

Telles is shown a yellow card by the referee for ripping off his shirt in celebration. Not that he will care!,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! PORTO 3-1 ROMA! Telles fires the penalty into the corner of the net and sends the Estadio do Dragao wild. The left-back rips off his shirt - the best yellow card he will ever receive. Porto are heading through to the quarter-finals of the Champions League, leading 4-3 on aggregate with three minutes of extra time to play.,1

Florenzi is booked for pulling back on his opponent. Roma's players are not happy and this delay will not do Telles' nerves any good.,2

Pereira replaces Militao in the eighth and final change of the game. Lopez, on the scoresheet in the first leg, will remain on the bench.,0

First-half sub Pellegrini pulls up with an injury and Di Francesco turns to Schick, and not El Shaarawy, in his fourth and final change.,0

Conceicao does not take long to use one of his additional subs, bringing on Hernani for Otavio in attack.,0

Fernando is brought on for Soares, giving Marega a different type of option alongside him - and indeed a fresh pair of legs.,0

Former Porto man Marcano is the player to make way for Cristane, leaving the field to a strong round of applause. Cristante is the player brought on in his place.,0

Corona has not been as lively in this second period and Conceicao opts to replace the winger with Brahimi - a different type of threat for Roma's defence to deal with.,0

A good decision from the experienced referee as he cautions Dzeko and Pepe following a coming together. Pepe touches foreheads with his opponent and the Roma striker rather comically crashes to the floor - he is not fooling the referee with that.,2

Confirmation of the yellow card for Pepe, who did make contact with Dzeko's head. It was simply a coming together, though, and it would have been incredibly harsh had he been dismissed.,2

Di Francesco reacts to his side's second setback of the day by bringing on Florenzi for Karsdorp, who is not fully fit and has a yellow to his name.,0

Karsdorp catches Corona and is the latest player to enter the referee's book. Roma's players cannot afford to lose their heads.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! PORTO 2-1 ROMA! ALL SQUARE ON AGGREGATE! As simple as you like for Marega - Porto's best player today - as he peels away from his man and guides Corona's left-sided cross past Olsen. The striker is left in all sorts of space and makes the most of it.,1

Pellegrini, one of those to make way from the first leg, is brought on for De Rossi. A blow for Roma to lose their influential midfielder late in the first half.,0

A decision goes against Porto. Danilo, one of a few players to react angrily, is shown a yellow card - presumably for dissent.,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! PORTO 1-1 ROMA! De Rossi keeps his cool from the penalty spot to put Roma 3-2 ahead on aggregate. The midfielder stutters his run-up and rolls it away from Casillas.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! PORTO 1-0 ROMA! Marega wins the ball off Manolas and exchanges passes with Telles, before squaring it for a just onside Soares to open the second-leg scoring from close range. A quick VAR check confirms that the forward was indeed onside. A deserved goal for the home side on the basis of the opening 25 minutes here!,1

Herrera lunges in on Kolarov and gets none of the ball, leaving the referee Cuneyt Cakir with little choice but to reach into his pocket for a second time today. The Porto midfielder will now miss the first leg of the quarter-finals if his side make it through.,2

Zaniolo grabs hold of Soares around the neck to halt his opponent's run and earn himself the game's first yellow card.,2

An apparent injury to Gutierrez - who has been industrious all match - forces Ancelotti into a change. Rodrygo is the man chosen to replace him - dropping Vazquez back into full-back. ,0

Joaquin makes an appearance as Pellegrini continues to shuffle his pack looking for the equaliser. It's Canales who's replaced. ,0

Hazard will get an opportunity to trouble the Betis defence as Vinicius is taken off with 12 minutes left in the contest. ,0

Real Betis make a change with 20 minutes left to go in the match, as Guardado makes way for Camarasa.,0

REAL MADRID FIND THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0 LOS BLANCOS! It’s a fantastic strike as Vinicius races to the byline to keep the ball in play, laying it back to the waiting Benzema. The striker picks his head up and sends a cross to the far post for Carvajal, whose sliding volley finds the back of the net!,1

Canales whacks Gutierrez in the face with a trailing elbow, earning the Betis midfielder a yellow card.,2

Pezzella is shown a yellow card for dissent after giving the referee a piece of his mind following the Gutierrez booking, which the Betis defender doesn’t feel is enough.,2

Fekir gets into the penalty area in the shadow of Valverde and opts to go down instead of firing a shot on goal. The referee spots the dive immediately and books the Betis forward for simulation despite protestations from the home side.,2

LEICESTER GET ONE BACK! Too late, of course, but Iheanacho improves the scoreline by finding the net with an excellent individual effort. The striker evades two Tottenham defenders to tee up a low strike from 20 yards, and picks out the bottom corner via the right-hand post; leaving Lloris helpless. Spurs' lead is cut to 3-1!,1

Another change sees Son receive a warm round of applause from the home fans, as he makes way for Bergwijn up front.,0

A SON SCREAMER! Wrapping up the points in style, Son receives the ball from Kulusevski again on the edge of the area, then takes a touch before unfurling a wondrous curling strike which nestles in the top-left corner. What a beauty! Spurs lead 3-0: game over!,1

A high-footed challenge by Amartey on Kane inside the centre circle sees the defender booked by the referee.,2

SON STRIKES! Spurs have a crucial second goal, as Romero wins the ball with a brilliant block tackle in midfield, before Kulusevski works his way into the box and cuts the ball back for Son - he allows the ball to run across him, turns and fires into the back of the net! It's Tottenham 2-0 Leicester!,1

Conte makes an early substitution, as Lucas is replaced by Kulusevski on the right wing; reverting to the Spurs team that started last week.,0

SPURS LEAD! From Son's inswinging corner, Kane shakes off the attentions of Amartey in the box to get to the ball at the near post; powering his header past Schmeichel for the opening goal! He just loves scoring against Leicester! Tottenham are 1-0 up!,1

Goal! It's 1-1! Palace go long with the corner and the ball is knocked back in. It's a little scrappy but Schlupp finds himself in space and hammers a sweet finish into the roof of the net. ,1

Goal! 1-0 Tottenham! It's a typical Harry Kane finish as he takes one touch inside past the defender before arrowing it into the bottom corner. ,1

Palace are trying to run the clock down a little more with their second change. It's Doucoure that's going off, with Miliveojvic replacing him.,0

AGUERD PULLS ANOTHER ONE BACK! Yet again, it's a corner that catches Palace out! It's not the best delivery from Bowen, but Soucek stoops to help it onto the far post. It loops up and Aguerd gets above his defender to glance it into the net. VAR has a quick check for a possible handball but sees nothing, and it's 4-3!,1

EZE SCORES! Cool as you like! He stutters his run-up to the spot and hesitates just in front of the ball. Fabianski doesn't make an early move but ends up going the wrong way anyway as Eze nestles it into the bottom left corner. 4-2 Palace!,1

Zaha wrongfoots Coufal with a stepover, and the right-back sticks out a leg to stop him from getting past. He's shown a yellow card.,2

There's a double change for West Ham at the break. Emerson is the first to go off, with Cresswell on in his place.,0

ANTONIO PULLS ONE BACK! Palace are caught out from another corner as it's whipped into the near post this time. It's flicked on by Soucek at the front of the crowd and Antonio peeled off the back of Doucoure to thump in a header from close range. 3-2!,1

SCHLUPP SCORES! It's a moment to forget for Soucek! Aguerd touches it into him and a loose first touch gets away from him. Schlupp, who followed him all the way, gets in front of him to pounce on the loose ball and, one-on-one with Fabianski, keeps his cool as he sends it through his legs and into the net. 3-1 Palace!,1

Soucek is stretching as he slides in on Eze, and he catches the player from behind. He's protesting his innocence, but it won't stop him from getting a yellow card.,2

ZAHA SCORES! And Palace have already flipped this game on its head! It's another well-worked move from the hosts as it's played long over the top to Olise. He plays a one-two with Ayew before fizzing a dangerous low cross into the six-yard box. Ayew misses his flick at the near post, but Zaha is on the far side to fire it in. 2-1 Palace!,1

It took two attempts for Zouma to get back to his feet after treatment, and he has to be helped off the pitch by the medical team. Ogbonna comes on in his place.,0

Ayew took his shirt off in celebration after the goal, so he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

AYEW EQUALISES! West Ham are cut open, first from Doucoure's throughball into Olise, who then picks out Ayew's run through the middle. Zouma is racing across to him, but can't get there in time to stop from hitting his low shot past Fabianski at the near post. 1-1!,1

SOUCEK SCORES! West Ham's first corner was cleared out for a second, and they make this one count! Bowen's delivery into the near post is poorly dealt with by Olise as he nods it into the ground and straight to an unmarked Soucek. He fires his shot through the crowd and into the back of the net. 1-0 West Ham!,1

A final change for Partizan as Asano comes off for Ivanovic. A decent performance from the former Arsenal player, but he was more bark than bite and didn't couple his electric pace with any end product.,0

James has a chance to break and speeds away from Zdjelar in the centre of the pitch and the Partizan midfielder brings him down to stop the counter. He's shown a yellow card for his foul.,2

Another change for Partizan as Soumah comes off for Pavlovic. A quality performance from the Guinean midfielder, causing United numerous problems with his passing.,0

Solskjaer makes his final change and brings off Garner for Pereira. What an intense venue to make your first senior start in and Garner did well to manage the occasion.,0

Partizan make their first change of the game and bring on Stevanovic for former United man Tosic. He didn't make much of an impact in a disappointing performance.,0

Again Partizan appeal for a penalty - Miletic's header from a corner hitting Williams on the hand! No VAR in the Europa League until the final, so no chance to review it. Miletic goes into the book for dissent.,2

Natcho is shown a yellow card for dissent. He wanted a penalty, thinking his shot hit McTominay on the arm.,2

The second swap sees Martial make way for Rashford - he hasn't scored in the Europa League since April 2017, the winner in the semi-final first leg against Celta Vigo.,0

There's a double change coming for United. First, Solskjaer takes off Wan-Bissaka and brings on James. This will see United move to a back four with Jones at right-back.,0

GOAL! MARTIAL SCORES! 1-0 UNITED! He'd been a complete passenger up until this point, but keeps his cool from the spot and tucks his penalty away into the bottom-left corner to net his third goal of the season.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AARON MARTIN SCORES A STUNNER!!!!! 3-1 MAINZ! Svensson's men are surely on their way to the three points as Aaron Martin picks out the bottom-right corner with a crisp strike. Mainz put the pressure on in the final third and Hanche-Olsen chooses the right pass again to tee up the full-back. Aaron Martin strikes it first-time and beats Sommer with his precise effort.,1

Ajorque continued his fine run in front of goal to notch the equaliser and is now withdrawn for Ingvartsen.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BARREIRO FIRES MAINZ AHEAD!!!!!! 2-1!!!! The home side complete the comeback to take the lead against the league leaders through Barreiro. A long ball forward from the back is headed on by Ajorque towards Onisiwo. He fends off Stanisic and and lays the ball into the path of Barreiro in a central position. The midfielder only needs to beat Sommer and he makes no mistake placing his right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner. Route one, but effective from Svensson's men.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! AJORQUE EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!!! Mainz are level as Ajorque heads home from close range. Bayern fail to clear the danger from Aaron Martin's free-kick on the left flank and this time Hanche-Olsen does lift a dangerous cross back into the middle. De Ligt heads away as far as Lee, who shoots into the ground towards the target. Sommer makes the save, but parries it out straight to Ajorque, who directs his header into the top-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MANE HEADS HOME!!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!!!! Bayern take the lead as Mane heads Cancelo's pinpoint cross into the net at the back post. Cancelo is allowed to cut back onto his right foot on a surge down the left flank. He delivers a perfect cross that takes Zentner out of the game and allows Mane to steer his header into the bottom-right corner.,1

IT IS A THIRD! GAME OVER! Cody Gakpo makes it 3-1 and Liverpool are finishing this game in style. The Dutchman is there waiting to nod in Robertson's cross and he gets enough power to beat Grbic. It is a great finish. Liverpool should be home and dry now.,1

A defensive substitution here. Holgate makes way for Slimane and he may have a lot of work to do in the final few moments of this match.,0

McBurnie picks up a yellow card, and it is an easy decision. He elbows Konate and when Attwell shows him the card he can't really complain. He still did though.,2

OH WOW! IT IS AN ABSOLUTE CRACKER AND LIVERPOOL GO AHEAD 2-1! Alexis Mac Allister with the strike and it has a huge implication on the title race. He catches a loose ball and sends an unsavable shot from the edge of the area, into the top corner. Liverpool lead the table again.,1

Jones also gets 17 minutes to make an impact as he replaces Szoboszlai. Time is ticking by and can these subs be the difference?,0

With Liverpool still struggling to open Sheffield United up, Klopp makes more substitutes. Gakpo enters the pitch for Gomez.,0

There is also a new look attack here, with Osula making his way on the pitch in the place of Brereton Diaz.,0

McAtee had a great chance in the opening minute, but couldn't really leave his mark on the game and is replaced by McBurnie.,0

Wilder also makes a batch of changes. Hamer injured himself in the equaliser and he comes off for Osborn.,0

Klopp also turns to Robertson, and he replaces Gravenberch, which means Gomez might go into midfield.,0

Klopp has made a big call here. He has replaced Salah with Elliott, let's see if he can get Liverpool back in front.,0

GOAAAL! WHAT A SLICE OF LUCK! Grbic won't want to see that again. He dawdles on the ball which allows Nunez to close him down and the keeper whacks it against the striker and it bobbles in. It was a gift but Nunez didn't care, he ran off in celebration like he scored a worldie. It is 1-0 to Liverpool and they return to the top of the table for now.,1

Mings clambers all over Richarlison and is booked as he gives away a silly free-kick on the left-hand edge of the area. ,2

Everton have a free-kick from a good position on the left, and Allan is booked for dissent as the referee wouldn't allow it to be taken quickly. ,2

Cash is booked as he hauls back Richarlison as the striker escaped down the left. Everton have a free-kick in a promising position. ,2

Ramsey is clattered by Mina as he dribbles menacingly into the area. It's a free-kick in a great position here, and Mina is shown a yellow card. ,2

Ferguson isn't happy with what he's seeing here, and makes another early change. Gordon is on for Townsend.,0

Calvert-Lewin shoves an elbow towards the face of Konsa as they jump for a loose ball, and the Everton striker is put in the book. ,2

GOOOAAALLL! 1-0 Villa! Digne whips in a corner towards the near post, and Buendia is unmarked as he rises up and flicks it into the far corner, past Pickford's outstretched hand. ,1

Chelsea play it short and Dortmund try to counter. The Blues pick them off and then Bellingham is booked after he clatters into James.,2

Cucurella gets booked as Chilwell is taken down by Wolf just outside the Dortmund box. Chelsea will not rush this.,2

Zakaria sweeps a ball across the Dortmund box that Chelsea keep alive on the far flank. A free-kick goes to the visitors though, and Chilwell gets into a scrap with Wolf, earning a booking.,2

Fernandez now goes into the book for a sliding foul, taking the yellow card in order to break down Dortmund's attack. Chelsea clear the free-kick from Reus afterwards.,2

Dortmund make their next change, with Malen on for Haller. The latter has had something of a quiet game today.,0

GOAL! CHELSEA 1-0 DORTMUND! Sterling finally breaks the deadlock and draws the Blues level in this tie! He misses Chilwell's square ball in the first time, but keeps his composure to round Reus and smash a second attempt into the roof of the net!,1

Dortmund have been forced into an early change here, with Brandt limping off. He looks to have a leg problem and Reyna is straight on in his place.,0

ALABA GETS IN ON THE ACT!!! 4-0! And it's a nightmare for Fahrmann! Alaba lets fly with a powerful effort from distance that squirms under the dive of the Schalke goalkeeper, who should have done better in that instance.,1

MULLER!!! 3-0 BAYERN! His second goal of the game! Muller is in the right place at the right time to head home Kimmich's inviting free-kick.,1

Nastasic receives the first yellow card of the game for an accidental stamp on the foot of Muller. That looked painful!,2

LEWANDOWSKI!!! 2-0 BAYERN! The customary goal from the number nine! Lewandowski times his run perfectly to latch onto Kimmich's long ball over the top of the Schalke defence. Although the angle is tight, he does brilliantly to squeeze his shot underneath the dive of Fahrmann.,1

MULLER!!! 1-0 BAYERN! The visitors have the breakthrough! Kimmich is allowed far too much time to set himself and deliver a beautiful cross to the far post, where Muller peels away from his marker to head past Fahrmann.,1

Chiellini replaces Dybala for the closing stages of the game to shore up the Juve defence after De Ligt's dismissal.,0

De Ligt does handle the ball in the box and the referee dismisses the defender for two bookable offences.,3

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! DE SCIGLIO BLASTS HOME A STRIKE!!!!!!! 4-3 JUVENTUS !!!!!!!! AN INCREDIBLE JUVE COMEBACK!!!!!! Smalling makes an error at the back as he attempts to clear a ball over the top from Dybala. He nods his attempted clearance into the path of De Sciglio, who bursts past the Roma defender. The full-back takes on the strike first-time and hammers an effort on the half-volley into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! KULUSEVSKI'S EFFORT IS AWARDED BY VAR!!!!!! 3-3!!!!!!! Juve have come back to level the scores for the second time in the contest as Kulusevski finds the net with a deflected strike. Morata causes havoc in the box as he sees his shot blocked after latching on to a cross from Cuadrado. Kulusevski pounces on the rebound and blasts a strike into the back of the net courtesy of a deflection from Ibanez.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! LOCATELLI GIVES JUVE A LIFELINE!!!!!!! 3-2!!!!!!! The visitors are back in the game as Locatelli guides a pinpoint header past Patricio. Morata does extremely well down the right flank and clips a cross into the box. Locatelli drifts between Ibanez and Smalling before placing his effort into the top-left corner away from the Roma keeper. Game on.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!! PELLEGRINI SCORES A STUNNER FROM A FREE-KICK!!!! 3-1 ROMA!!!!!! The home side extend their advantage courtesy of a special effort from 25 yards from Pellegrini. He curls his right-footed strike over the wall and away from the outstretched hand of Szczesny into the top-left corner. A super finish from the midfielder.,1

De Ligt races back with Afena-Gyan on the counter. He almost wins the ball with a challenge, but he handles the ball on the deck in the process of his tackle and gives away a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MKHITARYAN'S DEFLECTED STRIKE LOOPS INTO THE NET!!!!!!! 2-1 ROMA!!!!!! The home side regain the lead through an element of fortune as Mkhitaryan's strike deflects off De Sciglio and into the top-left corner. Pellegrini plays the Armenia international into space on the edge of the box and he is afforded space and time to shoot. His right-footed effort hits the legs of De Sciglio and travels away from Szczesny into the net. A huge moment in the game.,1

Cuadrado slides in hard on Afena-Gyan and goes into the book. Roma have a free-kick in a useful position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DYBALA EQUALISES WITH A FINE STRIKE!!!!!! 1-1!!!!! Juve are back in the game through an exquisite strike from Dybala. Cheisa runs down the left flank and spots the Argentina international in acres of room on the edge of the box. He picks out the Juve skipper before Dybala curls a sublime effort from 20 yards away from Patricio into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLL!!!!! ABRAHAM HEADS ROMA IN FRONT!!! 1-0!!! The forward rises in the box to nod a close-range header past Szczesny. Veretout puts his corner delivery from the left on the money. Abraham finds space in the six-yard box and directs his header away from the Juve keeper into the bottom-right corner. A fine effort.,1

GAKPO SCORES AGAIN! LASK committed a lot of bodies forward in attack, leaving so much space in midfield for Endo to exploit. He switches it out to Alexander-Arnold on the right, with his low cross being fizzed into Gakpo's feet. He quickly readjusts his stance before firing his shot past Lawal and into the far top corner. 4-0 Liverpool!,1

Liverpool's final change is a double one as two of the youngsters get the chance to finish the game. Gravenberch is replaced by Bradley.,0

LASK are making a quadruple change in an attempt to add some stability. Talovierov, was has just been booked, makes way for Havel.,0

There was a foul by Talovierov earlier in the move, but the referee played the advantage to Liverpool. He now goes back to book him for it.,2

Liverpool are making a triple change following that third goal, but the strength of the team isn't wavering. Alexander-Arnold is on for Konate.,0

Salah hands the captain's armband onto Alexander-Arnold on his way off the pitch as he's replaced by Jones.,0

SALAH SCORES! The captain finally gets a goal to cap a great performance! He curves his run-up to the spot, striding up to it determinedly. With the pace on his shot, it's in the bottom corner before Lawal can even react, and it's 3-0 Liverpool!,1

GAKPO SCORES! Salah floats an early cross into the box, but with so many LASK bodies in there, Gakpo and Diaz can't do anything with it. It's worked back out to the Egyptian, who drives into the area before squaring it across the face of goal this time. Lawal was drawn to him and Gakpo is left to tap it into the empty net. 2-0 Liverpool!,1

DIAZ SCORES! After working it inside from the left, it's Diaz who floats a cross out to Gomez on the right. He clips it into the box first time, with none of the LASK defenders spotting the Colombian's run straight through the middle. He's stooping to reach it, and it comes off the back of his head, looping into the back of the net at the near post. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

GOAL! 2-1 MAN UTD! Martial drifts past Trauner and hits a shot straight at Schlager. It goes through him though and bobbles sheepishly into the net.,1

Fosu-Mensah also leaves the pitch. 18-year-old defender Mengi is on to make his first team debut for Man Utd.,0

LASK substitution. Wiesinger's game is over, but he got a goal to remember. Sabitzer, cousin of the Leipzig midfielder Marcel, comes on.,0

GOAL! 1-1 MAN UTD! Man Utd get an immediate equaliser. It's a cool finish from Lingard who lures Schlager off his line and finds the bottom left corner from a fast counter-attack.,1

GOAL! 1-0 LASK! The Austrians have the lead at Old Trafford! The corner comes out to Wiesinger who caresses the ball into the far top corner from outside the area. It's a fantastic goal.,1

Michorl earns himself a yellow card for a late challenge on Lingard. That could have been worse for the LASK player - it wasn't a great tackle.,2

Roerslev also comes off in another Brentford change, with Myles Peart-Harris replacing him for the final throws of this contest.,0

Two further changes coming for Brighton, the first seeing Jakub Moder come on to replace Balepa at the base of their midfield.,0

Adingra also comes off, and the latest cab off the Seagulls' production line, Benicio Baker-Boaitey, enters the fray for only the second time in his Premier League career.,0

Gilmour is also shown a yellow card by the referee, for his part in that small melee between the two number 11s.,2

Mitoma's foul on Damsgaard warrants a free-kick, but Gilmour and Wissa clash for the ball and the Brentford forward is booked for time-wasting.,2

Hinshelwood's superb and potentially game-winning header showed a maturity well beyond his 18 years, and he's given a rousing reception by the home fans as he comes off for Joel Veltman.,0

Pedro also comes off having seen several chances come and go for Brighton, with Evan Ferguson entering the fray to lead the Seagulls' attacking line.,0

Both sides make changes with just over 20 minutes on the clock, with James Milner replacing Buonanotte in the first of Brighton's two.,0

GOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The hosts have turned it around!!! Lovely play from Brighton, who zip the ball around to find Mitoma on the edge of the box. Gross makes a run ahead and collects to stand up a cross from the byline, and the youngster Hinshelwood arrives at the far post, launching a looping header back across the face of goal that nestles in the bottom corner!! A first-ever Premier League goal for Hinshelwood, and one that puts the hosts 2-1 up!,1

Brentford make a sole half-time change, as Yarmoliuk is replaced by Keane Lewis-Potter in a move that could see another reshaping of the Bees' formation in the second period.,0

Wissa and Buonanotte do battle down the near touchline until the Brentford substitute hits the deck under pressure from the midfielder. Buonanotte is shown the yellow card, and that could well be the last action of this first half.,2

That change is made for Brentford, and although they're losing someone with the talent and skill level of Mbeumo, Wissa is a more than able deputy to help lead the line in their re-jigged 4-4-2.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! The Seagulls hit straight back!!! A well-worked move sees Brighton shift the ball from left to right through Hinshelwood, Pedro and Mitoma. The latter stands up his marker and cuts inside to tee up Gross, who leathers a superb left-footed finish past an unmoved Flekken and right into the bottom corner!! Two goals in four minutes after barely anything was created in the first 25, and it's 1-1 at the Amex!,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!!! Brentford lead from the spot!!! Mbeumo's run-up is slow but composed, and he calmly dispatches a confident penalty into the bottom-left corner!! Steele dives the wrong way, and although it may have come out of absolutely nowhere, the Bees lead 1-0 on the south coast!,1

Van Hecke pleads his innocence, but can have no complaints with the referee showing him a yellow card for the penalty decision.,2

The 19-year-old Balogun gets a chance, though you suspect he might have liked more than 15 minutes to show what he can do with the game won long ago. Nketiah goes off. Debut goal incoming?,0

GOAL! Wow, barely 30 seconds into the second half and Pepe makes it 3-0! It's a cracking finish, too. Willock finds him inside the D and he holds the ball up, rolls it onto his right foot and spanks it into the top-right corner.,1

GOAL! 2-0 Arsenal, Willock smashes in and that could be game over in a flash. Dundalk leave some space in behind for the first time and are punished. Nketiah feeds Pepe and his shot deflects straight into the path of Willock, who lifts a right-footed effort into the roof of the net from the left side of the area.,1

GOAL! Arsenal lead 1-0, Nketiah with the opening! It's a bad moment for goalkeeper Rogers who comes out to punch a corner clear and barely touches the ball. It drops to Nketiah, who smashes it in from close range.,1

BOBB SCORES! Have City won it late on? De Bruyne floats a lovely ball over the top to pick out Bobb's run off the back of Trippier, and the youngster darts in behind him, taking it off the defender's toe before rounding Dubravka, who rushes off his line, to slot it into the empty net. It's wonderful composure, and he makes it 3-2 City!,1

DE BRUYNE EQUALISES! What an impact he's had since coming on, and he's scored with just his fifth touch in the game! City win a free-kick on the halfway line, and after drawing the Magpies out of their shape, Rodri slides it forward for De Bruyne. He makes a weaving run through the rest of Newcastle's half before taking a shot from the edge of the D and drilling it low into the far bottom corner. 2-2!,1

City's second change of the game sees the goalscorer, Silva, taken off with De Bruyne on in his place. His first involvement is going to be taking a free-kick just outside the box.,0

Silva kicks Schar's legs out from under him, getting nowhere near the ball. The referee thinks about it for a moment before giving him a yellow card.,2

Just to add insult to injury in the visitors' minds, Rodri is booked for his foul on Guimaraes, and he's arguing with the referee about the decision. He needs to be careful.,2

GORDON SCORES! Newcastle have turned this game around in a couple of minutes! Isak steps in to nick it off Rodri on the halfway line, and the Magpies don't waste any time as Burn slides it down the left for Gordon. He checks inside before using Gvardiol as a shield to curl his shot into the same spot as Isak only moments ago. 2-1 Newcastle!,1

ISAK EQUALISES! Schar slides in with a brilliant tackle to nick it off Doku, and when it comes to Guimaraes in the middle, he instantly sweeps it forward for Isak. He races past Walker to reach it before checking inside and curling a delightful finish past Ortega and into the back of the net. 1-1!,1

WHAT A GOAL! It's stunning from Silva! Doku plays a wonderful switch out to Walker on the right, and he clips his cross onto the edge of the six-yard box. Schar is tight to Silva's side, but the midfielder improvises with a brilliant backheel flick which rolls past Dubravka and into the back of the net. 1-0 City!,1

The ball is gone when Guimaraes slides in on Kovacic, and he catches the Croatian with his trailing leg. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2

Ederson limps his way off the pitch with the medical team and heads straight down the tunnel. Ortega comes on in his place.,0

Beltran chases all the way back to defend the edge of his own box, but his desperate lunge on Yildiz results in a booking.,2

Yildiz barely brushes Dodo, who crashes to the turf. Nonetheless, the referee judges his challenge worthy of a yellow card.,2

Kean makes an increasingly rare cameo from the bench, as Vlahovic again goes goalless against Fiorentina - he was twice denied by the VAR.,0

Sensing his side need fresh legs to see this result out, Allegri introduces Alcaraz to the Juventus midfield; Cambiaso departs.,0

Italiano makes his second double change of the game: first, Nzola comes on to fill the void up front. Barak traipses off.,0

Italiano was not happy with what he saw in the first half, so makes two half-time changes. First, Belotti is replaced by Sottil.,0

JUVE LEAD! Gatti gets the goal! The set-piece specialists strike from a corner! Following a cross by Kostic, Bremer heads against the left-hand post, before Gatti reacts first to prod in his fourth league goal of the season! It's 1-0 to Juventus!,1

GOALLL! BELJO SCORES! AUGSBURG GET ONE BACK! Demirovic has possession just outside Bayern's box and pokes a pass through the legs of the defender towards Beljo. The substitute is one-on-one with Ulreich and goes around the goalkeeper before shooting low into the goal. Bayern lead 3-1.,1

Augsburg make their final change of the game. Engels has shown signs of quality but has struggled to deliver free-kicks into the box with any quality. Gumny is on.,0

Gravenberch is also given a chance to impress in the final 10 minutes of the game. Coman is being given a rest after an electric performance on the left.,0

Bayern makes their final two changes of the game. Kim has been strong at the heart of the defence and is now being replaced by De Ligt.,0

Tuchel makes a few changes immediately after Bayern's third goal. Gnabry played a crucial role in the first goal and is now being replaced by Muller.,0

Sane has been involved in every Bayern attack and has constantly looked to make things happen on the wing. Tel takes his place.,0

GOAALLLLL! KANE SCORES AGAIN! 3-0 BAYERN! It has been a dream start in Germany for Kane. Davies rushes down the left and plays a quick one-two with Coman before curling a pass towards Kane in the middle of the box. The former Tottenham striker is free and pokes his shot past Dahmen.,1

Midfielder Rexhbecaj is also taken off after being shown a yellow card earlier in the game. Breithaupt is on.,0

Michel is the second striker to be replaced in Augsburg's attack, with Beljo given a chance to make an impact.,0

Augsburg make four changes, looking to turn the game in their favour. Vargas has had some bright moments but is now coming off. He is replaced by Cardona.,0

GOALLL! KANE SCORES! 2-0 BAYERN! Kane scores his second goal for Bayern and his first at the Allianz Arena. He is ruthless from the spot, crashing his effort high into the middle of the goal with Dahmen diving to the right.,1

Joao Pedro has a run at Telles down the right flank and draws a foul from the defender. The Portuguese goes into the book for his challenge.,2

Greenwood had a bright start to the contest, but has faded as it has worn on. Martial replaces the forward.,0

Sema is on for Sarr in the final third for the Hornets. A curious change considering his performance.,0

GOOOOOAAALLLL!!! UNITED TAKE THE LEAD! Well, that is the ideal start for Solskjaer. McTominay scored two goals early on against Leeds United at Old Trafford last month, and the midfielder – who captains United tonight – meets Telles’ outswinging corner with a brilliant header which diverts up off the turf and spins in off the right-hand upright. It’s 1-0 to the hosts.,1

LEICESTER LEAD! The Foxes fight back! Both full-backs are involved, as Kristansen bursts down the left to pull the ball towards the penalty spot, where Castagne smartly steers it into the net past Sa's despairing dive! He finds the bottom-right corner and makes it 2-1 to Leicester City!,1

A below-par display from Tielemans comes to an early conclusion, as Ndidi replaces the Leicester City captain in midfield.,0

Pointlessly, Cunha goes into the book for a tug-back on Faes, who was only making his way into the Wolves half and offered no immediate danger. He may go on to regret that.,2

Lunging in on Gomes in a midfield challenge, Soumare has no hope of winning the ball and instead picks up a yellow card.,2

Making his displeasure at being subbed plain for all to see, Costa also troops off, to be replaced by Moutinho.,0

Lopetegui can't be happy with how his team have performed in the second half so far - he makes a double substitution. First, Sarabia is replaced by Hwang.,0

Having taken a blow on the ankle when winning Leicester's penalty, Vardy has been withdrawn at half-time. Dewsbury-Hall will be his replacement for the second half.,0

For hauling back Tielemans with a clear pull of the jersey, Toti becomes the second Wolves player to be booked.,2

LEICESTER LEVEL! Ice-cool under pressure, Iheanacho steps up to the penalty and waits for Sa to move before slotting the ball into the bottom-left corner! It's now 1-1 at the King Power Stadium - game on!,1

Needlessly, Sa charges out of his six-yard box and slides into Vardy, conceding a penalty and earning himself a yellow card.,2

WOLVES LEAD! Calamitous defending from the Foxes lets Wolves in for the opener! Tielemans is stripped of the ball deep in midfield by Lemina, then Cunha steps forward and lashes the ball into the bottom-left corner from 10 yards out! It's 1-0 to the visitors!,1

De Jong stretches for the ball after taking a loose touch and clatters into Depay, earning himself a late yellow card for the rash challenge.,2

Pedri is brought off late for Barca, having been integral to the feisty midfield battle we've seen for the full 89 minutes so far. Another youngster is his replacement, in the form of the 20-year-old Fermin Lopez.,0

Cancelo tries to dribble his way out of defence and does well up until deciding to stick out a forearm which catches Correa, and he's shown a yellow card as Barca prepare to defend yet another dangerous free-kick!,2

Lino gets goal-side of Kounde from a Griezmann throughball and hits the deck after being fouled, but the yellow card instead goes Araujo's way after his protests towards the referee overstep the mark!,2

Torres' first involvement sees him chop down Correa with a woefully late tackle, and he goes into the book almost immediately after coming on!,2

The hosts make a double change in the wide positions, with the ever-lively Raphinha coming off first for 16-year-old La Masia starlet Lamine Yamal.,0

Joao Felix also heads for the sidelines having haunted his parent club with what looks like being the winner, and Ferran Torres is on to see out the game in his place.,0

Saul Niguez also comes on for the Rojiblancos, replacing booked captain Koke in the centre of midfield.,0

Further changes coming for Atletico, as Morata heads off for former Barcelona striker Memphis Depay to take his place in their attack.,0

Correa dispossesses Joao Felix deep in his own half and looks to race away with the ball, but is dragged back and to ground by the Barcelona goalscorer, winning a free-kick as Joao Felix goes into the book!,2

Joao Felix drops deep to collect an inside pass from Cancelo, but he's hauled down by Azpilicueta before he can turn to run with the ball. The Atletico defender is shown a yellow card almost immediately after coming on, and that's him under immediate pressure for the rest of the half!,2

Gimenez also comes off having been booked in the first half, and Samuel Lino is on in the Uruguayan's place.,0

Cesar Azpilicueta is also on for the second half, and he'll replace Molina in a defensive reshuffle for Atletico.,0

Diego Simeone was clearly far from happy with his side's first-half performance, and makes a whopping three changes at the break! The first sees youngster Riquelme withdrawn, with Angel Correa coming on in his place out wide.,0

Atleti's corner is easily cleared by the Blaugrana and Raphinha sets off down the touchline. His counter-attack is cut short when he's tripped late by Koke, and it's as textbook a yellow card as you're ever likely to see for the Rojiblancos captain.,2

Witsel clips the heels of Joao Felix as the goalscorer looks to turn and sprint away from him, and the Atletico defender can have no complaints at the yellow card brandished by the referee.,2

Gimenez clambers up the back of Lewandowski to win a defensive header, leaving the Barca striker on the deck and earning the game's first yellow card from the referee.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Barca open the scoring as Joao Felix comes back to haunt his parent club!!! The Blaugrana move the ball forward at speed and Raphinha drifts inside to charge into open space. His throughball into the path of Joao Felix takes a deflection, but the Portugal forward reacts brilliantly, chipping over the onrushing Oblak to find the back of the net!!! 1-0 to the hosts, and it's come via the man Atletico Madrid had deemed not good enough for games like this!,1

Correa does well to keep a long ball in by the right corner flag, and wins a fairly soft free-kick from Koybasi. Koybasi is then booked, either for the foul or for complaining about it.,2

Vitolo is booked for pulling Azeez back. Granada get the free-kick about 30 yards out, just to the right of centre.,2

Koybasi gives the ball away to Carrasco in the centre circle, and the Atletico man drives straight towards goal. He gets to the edge of the area before being fouled by Duarte, who is booked.,2

An attacking change for Granada, as defender Martinez is replaced by striker Fernandez. He got a goal and an assist in the 2-1 win over Espanyol last weekend.,0

Foulquier is booked for a foul in an excellent position for an Atletico free-kick. About 25 yards out, over to the left.,2

GOOOALLL! Correa opens the scoring, Atletico lead 1-0! The ball breaks for him out of nowhere as a throw-in from the left somehow slips between two defenders and Koke knocks it on. He finishes coolly first time with his right foot, rolling it into the bottom-right corner.,1

KEAN MAKES IT FOUR! 4-0! PSG have turned a tight game into a thrashing late on! Verratti waltzes through on goal before having a dink kept out by Kawashima, but the ball ricochets to Kean who smashes it into the bottom corner!,1

BRILLIANT FROM GUEYE! 3-0! Gueye receives a simple pass from Draxler before blasting a low, swerving effort beyond Kawashima from 25 yards!,1

MBAPPE! 2-0! Mbappe seals it for PSG, as Di Maria robs Mitrovic inside the box before drawing the goalkeeper out and rolling it across to Mbappe who slots it into an empty net!,1

Strasbourg attempt to turn the game around with a double substitution. First of all, Sissoko departs with Thomasson taking his place.,0

PEMBELE! 1-0 PARIS SAINT GERMAIN! Dagba breaks the offside trap and cuts it back to Di Maria, who has a shot parried away by Kawashima and into the path of Pembele who slides in to poke it into an empty net!,1

A final change for West Ham, and it's a defensive one. Antonio's race is run, as he makes way for Obiang, who will likely slot into midfield, with Snodgrass moving wide.,0

The second change sees Carroll, whose height and aerial prowess will be useful in defence as well as attack, replace by Arnautovic, who makes a point of waving to the West Ham crowd before making his way off. That was no normal reaction to a substitution, and given West Ham do not play at home until January 29, could that well be a goodbye from the Austrian?,0

Ramsey has forced a corner, and West Ham will use the break in play to make a double change of their own. First, Nasri – who has capped a fine display with an assist – makes way for Snodgrass.,0

A third and final change now from Emery. Maitland-Niles has had a decent game, but Bellerin is now on, and the Spaniard will offer another attacking outlet down the right flank.,0

The change in shape for Arsenal will leave their full-backs more exposed, however, and Kolasinac will now have to tread a fine line, with the former Schalke man having just received a booking for a late lunge on Antonio.,2

The second change sees Mustafi replaced by Ramsey, so there will indeed be a change in shape, likely to a 4-3-3 or a 4-2-3-1 system.,0

Well, no time wasted from Emery. He is making a double change, and the first Arsenal substitution sees Xhaka make way for Torreira.,0

GOAL! West Ham take the lead thanks to Rice! He missed a gilt-edged chance on the stroke of half-time, but the youngster now has his first Hammers goal, having hammered home into the corner from the centre of the box.,1

Straight away, West Ham are on the front foot, with Felipe Anderson drawing a clumsy foul from Mustafi, who picks up the game’s first yellow card.,2

BELLINGHAM SCORES! He's done it again! After scoring in stoppage time to deny Barca a win back in October, Bellingham nets another late goal! It's a brilliant run by Diaz from inside his own half before he switches it out to Vazquez, who sweeps it into the box. Joselu leaves it in the middle, but Bellingham is on hand to fire it in from the far side. 3-2 Madrid!,1

Cubarsi is the latest player to go into the book after grabbing Bellingham to stop him from breaking forward.,2

Vinicius gives Kounde a shove in the back and the referee awards a free-kick. The right-back gets straight up to start an argument with the Brazilian though, and he goes into the book.,2

VAZQUEZ EQUALISES! Madrid weren't behind for long! Valverde spots Vinicius in acres of space down the left, and he gets a yard on Kounde to whip a wonderful cross into the far post. None of the Barca defenders spot Vazquez, who darts forward to meet it on the volley and fire Madrid level. 2-2!,1

Madrid's first change is a double one. Ancelotti is bringing a more recognised left-back in Garcia on to replace Camavinga.,0

FERMIN SCORES! Barcelona are back in front! Cancelo goes for the big switch out to Yamal, who brings it down with a lovely first touch before curling a dipping shot right on top of the goalkeeper. He parries it away, but only as far as Fermin, who pokes it over Lunin from close range. 2-1 Barca!,1

And Raphinha, who hasn't had any set-pieces to cause problems from in the second half, is replaced by Joao Felix.,0

Barcelona are making a change at the start of the second half. The goalscorer, Christensen, is taken off for Fermin.,0

De Jong is taken straight down the tunnel on the stretcher, and Pedri is brought on for the last seconds of the first half.,0

Camavinga is struggling to catch Yamal and clips the youngster's heels just outside the box when he does get back. He's shown the first booking of the game.,2

VINICIUS SCORES! Madrid are level! It's a confident penalty by the Brazilian, who stutters the start of his run-up before curling his shot into the bottom-right corner. Ter Stegen dives the right way, but can only get his fingertips to it as it flies over the line. 1-1!,1

CHRISTENSEN SCORES! What a start for the visitors! Kroos slid in brilliantly to stop Lewandowski from reaching the ball, giving away a corner. It's whipped dangerously into the far post by Raphinha, and Lunin comes for it but completely misreads the flight of the cross. Christensen rises high, thumping his header into the empty net. 1-0 Barca!,1

Olympiacos eat up the clock with a double substitution and first of all, Valbuena makes way for Cisse.,0

OLYMPIACOS TAKE THE LEAD LATE ON! 1-0! Valbuena torments Marseille again by dribbling towards the byline before standing up the perfect cross for Hassan who powers a header beyond Mandanda at the near post!,1

Marseille break up the game with a fifth substitution as Gueye leaves the midfield with Strootman replacing him. ,0

Adams receives a standing ovation from the visiting fans for his work ethic this afternoon. Boufal replaces the forward.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! REDMOND DOUBLES SOUTHAMPTON'S LEAD!!!! 2-0!!!! The Saints notch a second goal with a sublime team move. It builds down the right as Cedric works the ball to Armstrong. He takes a neat touch to beat one challenge and then spots Redmond in space in the left inside channel. His lofted pass takes a deflection, but still finds his team-mate. Redmond sticks out his right boot to clip the ball over Kepa and into the back of the net.,1

Tomori follows Kante into the book for dissent after shouting at the referee for the decision against his team-mate.,2

Lampard withdraws a defender at the break, replacing Zouma with Mount. Chelsea will push men further upfield in the second half.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! OBAFEMI SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0!!! The Saints take the lead on the road courtesy of a fine goal from Obafemi. Hojbjerg releases the run of the forward in the final third. There is plenty of work for Obafemi to do and he sprints away from Tomori before cutting inside on his left foot. Zouma affords him space and time to pick his spot and he lets fly with a fine strike that soars into the top-left corner.,1

Bertrand goes into the book for time-wasting from a throw-in. The Saints have been taking their time at set-pieces.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MANE CAPITALISES ON ANOTHER LEIPZIG MISTAKE!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL!!! Mane seizes on an error by Mukiele and slots a low strike into the bottom-left corner. Jones sends a hopeful ball forward for Mane to chase. Mukiele makes a terrible attempt to clear the danger and falls to the ground. The Senegalese scoops up possession, runs into the box and completes the finish past Gulacsi. All too easy for Liverpool.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SALAH FIRES LIVERPOOL IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!!! The Reds take the lead as Salah drills a low strike past Gulacsi. Sabitzer plays a loose backpass towards Angelino and the Egyptian intercepts before surging through on goal. He holds his composure to fire a left-footed effort into the bottom-right corner. Clinical from Salah.,1

Brentford make two more changes. The first of these sees Ajer replace Norgaard, who scored the first goal today.,0

Janelt blatantly drags Bellegarde back by the shirt. He can have no complaints at going into the book.,2

TONEY!!! 2-0 BRENTFORD! A tremendous counter by the visitors! They quickly attack and the ball is played out to Janelt, who delivers an inviting ball into the box. Toney arrives to steer a first-time shot past Sa and double his side's lead.,1

Flekken is deemed to take too long resuming the game from a goal-kick and is booked for time-wasting.,2

NORGAARD!!! 1-0 BRENTFORD! The visitors lead at Molineux! Reguilon swings a corner into the six-yard box from the right flag. Norgaard ghosts in to beat Sa to the ball and head into the empty net.,1

GOAL! LEEDS ARE LEVEL! Rodrigo converts from the penalty spot and makes it 1-1! Leeds finally have their equaliser and they’ll now push forward in search of a winner! Rodrigo sends Jose Sa the wrong way, firing the ball into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

Here is the enforced Wolves change, with Ait Nouri coming off with an injury to be replaced by Hoever.,0

Wolves make their first substitution now, with Traore coming off and he has been replaced by Podence.,0

Shackleton is the first Leeds player to be booked after his challenge on Traore in the middle of the pitch, preventing a Wolves counter.,2

Here comes another Leeds change, with Klich the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Gelhardt.,0

It's not good news for Leeds as Raphinha limps off and is unable to continue. Summerville heads onto the pitch.,0

Saiss is booked for dissent after arguing a decision with the referee, following his challenge on Raphinha.,2

Kilman is booked after he dives into a challenge with Roberts as the Leeds man looked to break forward on the counter and the Wolves centre-back caught him late.,2

Leeds have made a change ahead of the second half, with Harrison the man departing and he has been replaced by Roberts.,0

GOAL! WOLVES TAKE THE LEAD! It hasn’t taken long for the visitors to go ahead, with Hwang firing them 1-0 ahead. Semedo races down the right wing and skips past Harrison, before pulling it back to Jimenez in the box, who fires an effort towards goal, but it is blocked. The rebound then falls straight to the feet of Hwang, who pokes it home from close range.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Moutinho early on, after he dives into a challenge with Raphinha and catches the Brazilian late. Poor challenge and now he has to be careful for the rest of the game.,2

GOOOAL! Icardi makes it 3-1 to PSG! The visitors are running riot now as Mbappe glides forward on the left flank before clipping a cross into the box with the outside of his foot, and Icardi then buries his volleyed effort into the bottom left-hand corner.,1

Chotard is the latest player to enter the referee's book after pushing over Neymar on the edge of the area.,2

GOOOAL! Mbappe makes it 2-1 to PSG! The hosts surge forward immediately after the restart as Neymar slots a pass through to Mbappe on the left-hand side of the box, and he then dances inside before slamming a low effort into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

GOOOAL! Neymar makes it 1-1! PSG have a free-kick in an excellent position following Mendes’ red-card challenge and Neymar steps up to curl a spectacular 25-yard effort into the top right-hand corner.,1

RED CARD! Montpellier are reduced to 10 men as Mendes receives his marching orders following his second bookable defence. The defender brought down Neymar with a late sliding challenge on the edge of the box, and the referee then immediately brandished the red card.,3

Gueye is also unable to continue which means PSG must make their second change of the game already, with Kouassi replacing the midfielder.,0

Kimpembe is unable to continue are sustaining his injury, and PSG are forced into making their first change as Diallo enters the fray.,0

Mendes is shown the first yellow card of the match following a dangerous lunge on Bernat just outside the penalty area.,2

Coco goes into the box for a late challenge on Valverde, who looks in a bit of discomfort as play resumes.,2

Viera departs with Perrone coming onto the pitch for Las Palmas as they look to get back into the game.,0

GOAAAAAAAAAL!!!! 2-0 Madrid!!! Joselu finally gets his goal! Rodrygo uses his pace to burst into the box on the left-hand side before delivering a teasing ball onto the head of Joselu, who guides it past the Las Palmas goalkeeper and into the back of the net.,1

There's a change in midfield at half time as Rodriguez enters the pitch for Las Palmas in place of Mfulu.,0

GOOAAAAAAAL!!!! 1-0 Madrid!! Ancelotti's side eventually find a breakthrough. Vazquez receives the ball on the right-hand side of the box and fires the ball into the middle. Diaz has plenty of time to set himself and turn, before firing past Valles in the Las Palmas goal.,1

Alaba makes way for Vazquez. Nacho has come into the centre of defence to play alongside Rudiger, with Vazquez heading to right back.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! MILAN 2-0 VENEZIA!! Super sub Hernandez adds to his earlier assist by firing in a second goal for Milan to seal the three points. Saelemaekers carried the ball past two players and found Hernandez in acres of space to his left, setting up the full-back to hammer the ball past Maenpaa.,1

Saelemaekers takes the ball past a few opposition players and a frustrated Caldara feels he is left with no choice but to stick out a leg and halt the Milan attacker's run. He is rightly cautioned.,2

Zanetti turns to Mazzocchi as his side attempt to get back on level terms. Ebuehi is the player to make way.,0

Okereke is also introduced in place of Johnsen, who has had some promising moments in this second half.,0

Rebic is off and Pellegri on for the final 15 minutes or so. This is his first appearance since joining from Monaco.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! MILAN 1-0 VENEZIA!! The hosts have their breakthrough goal thanks to Diaz! Bennacer lifts the ball over the Venezia defence, substitute Hernandez pulls it back with a first-time pass and Diaz helps the ball over the line from inside the six-yard box.,1

Pioli has clearly seen enough as he makes a triple substitution. Tomori replaces Gabbia in the first of Milan's changes.,0

Forte catches Gabbia in the head with a high boot and is cautioned by the referee. Gabbia looks as though he will be okay to continue after being cleaned up.,2

Robinson goes into the referee's book for very late challenge. Fulham are starting to lose their heads.,2

This time Cairney does go into the book after another poor challenge. He slides in late on Senesi, who won the ball comfortably.,2

GOALLL!!! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH!! SOLANKE!!! Solanke bundles the ball over the line to give Bournemouth the lead! Leno saves the initial shot from Christie but his defenders fail to clear the ball away and Solanke pokes it home.,1

GOALLL!!! 1-1 BOURNEMOUTH!! TAVERNIER!! Bournemouth get their equaliser in sensational fashion as Tavernier scores a screamer! He cuts onto his left foot on the edge of the box and bends the ball over Leno and into the far corner. Game on!,1

GOALLL!! 1-0 FULHAM!! PEREIRA!! Fulham take a deserved lead through Pereira! Solomon finds Reed in the box, who lays the ball off to Pereira. The midfielder wrongfoots Neto and scores with a first-time shot.,1

Guimaraes trips and decides to grab the ball instead of giving possession away to City in a threatening area.,2

Burn receives a booking after a confrontation ensued following a foul from the Newcastle defender on Grealish.,2

GOAL!!! Guardiola's substitution pays almost instant dividends as Silva doubles his team's advantage! City catch Newcastle in possession in a dangerous area, and Haaland's clever flick puts the ball into the path of Silva, who finishes brilliantly past Pope to make it 2-0 to the hosts!,1

Gordon has struggled to make much of an impact on his full debut, and he makes way for Saint-Maximin.,0

Longstaff is down in pain after a heavy aerial collision with Ake, for which the City defender earns a booking.,2

Joelinton receives the first booking of the contest for a late challenge on Dias. That is hit 10th yellow card of the season, meaning he will be suspended for the next two matches.,2

GOAL!!! City take the lead and it is that man Foden again as he continues his red-hot scoring form! He shows some great feet to drive into the box, before firing at goal. It takes a deflection off Botman and flies into the net past Pope. That makes it four goals in his last three games, and crucially 1-0 to the hosts!,1

Holgate makes a silly tackle, and will go into the book for it. He got skipped past by Raphinha, and needlessly pulls the Brazilian back.,2

Digne does well to get back and rob Raphinha of possession, before sliding for the ball and hooking it out of play. Ayling gets there late, and receives a booking for his troubles.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! LEEDS STRIKE BACK! That is abysmal defending from Holgate, who takes a risk and gets bundled off the ball. Bamford prods to Raphinha, and his first-time finish finds the corner!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!! IT’S 2-0 O EVERTON! Leeds’ set-piece issues come back to bite them, as Godfrey meets Sigurdsson’s inswinging corner at the near post, and Calvert-Lewin is on hand to nod it in.,1

The first booking of the game goes to Harrison, who lunged in on Holgate down Leeds’ left flank, giving Everton a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOOOAAAAL! EVERTON TAKE THE LEAD! Gomes played a long ball over the top to Digne, who appeared to have no support in the area but, from out wide, drills in a great cross. Leeds’ centre-backs completely switched off, and Sigurdsson is on hand to prod in under Meslier. Everton lead 1-0!,1

Calzona plays his final three cards, but surely it's all too late? First, Olivera makes way for Mazzocchi at left-back.,0

Hoping some fresh legs will help carry them over the line to victory, Bologna make a double substitution: first, Fabbian replaces Urbanski.,0

Just back from an injury, Raspadori is thrown on for the final phase of this game; Cajuste makes way.,0

For shoving his arm into Cajuste's face near the halfway line, Lucumi picks up Bologna's first booking of the game.,2

Though he has endeavoured to make up for it since, Politano's part in today's game will be remembered for his penalty miss. He now departs, to be replaced by Ngonge.,0

Thiago makes a double change before the hour-mark: first, Odgaard is replaced by fellow winger Orsolini.,0

After crunching into Odgaard with a high tackle, Cajuste is shown a yellow card by the referee. He'll have to tread carefully for the rest of this match.,2

After failing to win a free-kick on the left touchline, a clear display of dissent sees Kvaratskhelia become the first player booked today.,2

POSCH PUTS BOLOGNA 2-0 UP! Incredibly, the visitors extend their lead with another close-range header! On this occasion, Calafiori's nod-down in the area sits up nicely for fellow defender Posch to guide home from five yards out! What a start from the Champions League-chasing Rossoblu!,1

BOLOGNA LEAD! The Rossoblu go 1-0 up! After Zirkzee's initial shot from 20 yards is blocked, Kristiansen retrieves the ball on the right byline. The latter's cross is then deflected towards the back post, where Ndoye arrives to nod past Meret from close range! Napoli's misery continues!,1

Barca's latest substitution sees Gundogan withdrawn, and young midfielder Fermin Lopez will take the summer signing's place for the final throws of this contest.,0

Another late change is made by Quique Setien, with captain Parejo brought off for the added firepower of Chile striker Ben Brereton Diaz.,0

There's an almighty tussle between Sorloth and Garcia as the Villarreal striker advances over halfway with the ball, and the referee eventually blows for a free-kick before showing Garcia the yellow card.,2

Gabbia catches Fati late as the Barca winger releases a pass, and the Italian defender goes into the book for that challenge as we enter the final 10 minutes.,2

Another youngster who has been sensational so far comes off, with Baena withdrawn for Jose Luis Morales.,0

The 16-year-old Yamal comes off for Barca following a sensational performance, and he's replaced by a similarly tricky winger out wide in the form of Ansu Fati.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Barca have done it again!!! Yamal picks up the ball on the right flank and cuts inside, searing into the box at pace. His eventual effort rattles the base of the near post, but rolls straight into the path of Lewandowski, who taps the loose ball into the empty net! Barca score twice in three minutes for the second time in this game, and complete a turnaround of their own to make it 4-3!,1

Moreno's not had the success of his fellow forwards Sorloth and Baena, and comes off for another former Barcelona player in Ilias Akhomach.,0

The booked Terrats is also brought off by Setien, and Santi Comesana will take his place in midfield for the Yellow Submarine.,0

Villarreal finally make their first changes of the match, three of which come at once. Capoue has been excellent in linking defence and attack so far, but he comes off now to be replaced by ex-Barcelona midfielder Denis Suarez.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! How's about that for an impact substitute! Torres looks to find Gavi in the box, but a series of blocks and ricochets sends the ball back into his path. Cuenca gets in the way of his first effort, but the Barca forward is able to keep possession and side-foot the ball into the bottom corner! He's certainly done what he was sent on to do, and this crazy game takes another twist with the scoreline reading 3-3!,1

His late intervention was crucial to securing a Barca victory over Cadiz last time out, and Ferran Torres is brought on with exactly that in mind as he replaces Romeu for the trailing visitors.,0

Terrats is all over Romeu as the midfielder tries to turn out of trouble, and after bringing him down on halfway, is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! Villarreal complete the turnaround!!! Pedraza is the architect, collecting a wide pass from Jorgensen and setting sail into the opposition half. He bypasses Romeu and Roberto before feeding Baena ahead of him, and the 22-year-old curls a sumptuous first-time finish beyond Ter Stegen into the bottom corner! From 2-0 down, the hosts lead 3-2, and it's panic stations at the back for Barcelona!,1

Barca make one half-time change, as Eric Garcia replaces Andreas Christensen at the heart of their defence.,0

Lewandowski doesn't get off lightly either, also being shown a yellow card to join his team-mate Yamal in the book.,2

An off-the-ball tussle between Foyth and Lewandowski leads to some disagreement with the referee, and the equalising goalscorer is soon shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

Pedraza looks to set off on another marauding forward run but is tugged back by Yamal, who is penalised and shown the first yellow card we've seen in this game.,2

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! And we're all locked up at El Madrigal! Sorloth shows great close control to bring down a cross-field ball into the box. He links up with Moreno, who threads it forward to Pedraza, and Sorloth is on hand to tap in his left-back's low cross and equalise! From 2-0 down, Villarreal have fought back to 2-2, and it's anyone's guess where this game goes from here!,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Villarreal pull one back! Baena's corner hangs high in the sky before being met by Foyth at the back post, who thumps a towering header into the top corner, leaving Ter Stegen with no chance! 2-1 at El Madrigal, and we've got a game on our hands here!,1

GOOOOAAAALL!!! The visitors double their lead in no time! It's a really well-worked goal, as Barca keep up the pressure following a blocked Yamal shot. De Jong, Gundogan and Lewandowski all combine and the latter's deflected back-heel to De Jong gives the Dutchman an easy finish into the bottom corner! Vintage Barcelona, and as quick as a flash they're now 2-0 up.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Barcelona take the lead!! After sustaining a wave of Villarreal attacks, the visitors win the game's first corner, although Gundogan's in-swinger is headed clear. Yamal recovers possession and crosses back into the crowded box, where Gavi pops up at the far post to nod the ball past Jorgensen and into the bottom corner! 1-0 Barca, and that's certainly come against the run of play so far!,1

And James wraps it up! 3-1 Leeds. The hosts hit Burnley on the counter as they work it into Gelhardt. The young striker shows plenty of composure and curls a beautiful cross to James at the back post, allowing the attacker to plant a header through Hennessey and into the far corner!,1

GOALL! DALLAS! 2-1. Leeds regain their advantage. The hosts quickly work a corner short allowing Klich to pick out Dallas on the edge of the box. Despite the Burnley defence charging out to block the strike, Dallas is able to steer a brilliant 20-yard effort through a crowd of bodies and into the far corner! Hennessey was left motionless! ,1

GOALL! CORNET! 1-1. Burnley equalise. What an impact from Cornet! The Burnley attacker wins a dangerous free-kick, 25 yards from goal before stepping up to take it himself. Cornet promptly whips a stunning effort over the wall and into the top corner before Meslier can react!,1

Llorente is booked after hauling Cornet over, just as the attacker was turning him to get in behind the defence. ,2

As expected, Cornet comes on at half-time in place of Gudmundsson. With five goals in eight Premier League starts this season, he should give Burnley real hope. ,0

GOALL! HARRISON! 1-0. Leeds take the lead. Tarkowski passes it straight to Harrison and the Leeds man pounces. The attacker takes on Tarkowski inside the box, before lashing a fierce effort that Hennessey can only push straight back to him! Tarkowski can't get across to block it and Harrison calmly rolls the rebound in from five yards!,1

Roberts is booked for a nasty challenge on Lowton. The Leeds attacker inadvertently stamped on Lowton's foot and was lucky that he didn't catch the defender higher on the leg.,2

GOOALLL!!!!! 3-2!!! Quick-fire double from Southampton! Ward-Prowse whips in the same ball from exactly the same position, and it's Adams this time who nods it in from six yards out!,1

GOOOALLL!!! 2-2!! And it's no less than they deserve! Ward-Prowse is given an age to deliver a cross from the right, and Elyounoussi ghosts in to the back post to head it into the far corner, past Lloris!,1

GOOOAAALL!!! 2-1 Spurs! Kane feeds Moura down the right flank, and he paces away from his man before fizzing a cross into Son. He slides in and slots it into the far corner from close range!,1

GOOALLL!!! 1-1! Davies slips comically in the box trying to clear the ball and gives it to Saints inside the box. Perraud whips a cross in from the left and Broja slams it home from close range!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Sensational strike to pull one back for Celtic!!! Vazquez fouls Jota right on the edge of Los Blancos' box, and the Celtic substitute steps up to take the resultant free-kick. It's a fantastic effort too, curling over the wall and catching out Courtois, beating the goalkeeper as the ball rifles into the top corner!! It only makes the score 5-1, but that's still something for the travelling fans to get excited about!,1

Hatate comes off in another change for the Hoops, and Oliver Abildgaard will see out the last few minutes of their European campaign.,0

Militao's next off for Real, and their centre-back substitutions continue with the introduction of Jesus Vallejo.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! There's the fifth!!! Vazquez sets off on the counter, and eventually cuts the ball across to the edge of the box. Valverde arrives onto it, and side-foots a perfect shot beyond the reach of Hart and into the far corner!! Technique and power on full show from the Madrid midfielder, and his side now lead 5-0.,1

Modric comes off to a standing ovation from the Bernabeu faithful as he's replaced by Dani Ceballos for the hosts.,0

Vinicius comes off following that well-taken goal, and on comes Karim Benzema, a man who knows more about scoring goals than most!,0

Here come a raft of Celtic changes, the first of which sees Furuhashi come off for Georgios Giakoumakis.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! It's four!!! After a sustained spell of pressure, Madrid work the ball to Asensio, who flicks it through to the overlapping Valverde down the right. He drills it into the six-yard box, with Vinicius reacting sharply to get in ahead of his marker and nudge the ball in! 4-0 to Los Blancos, and they're well on their way to topping Group F.,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!!!! The Madridstas have three!!! It's a really well worked goal too, as Valverde dribbles into the box. His pass out to Carvajal is cut back to the edge of the area by the off-balance full-back, and Asensio arrives late to smash the ball home, beating Hart to find the bottom corner!! 3-0 to the hosts, and curly no way back for Celtic now.,1

Celtic look to create a chance as Furuhashi lays it off for Hatate on the edge of the box, but the Japan striker sticks out a stray forearm which catches Militao in the face. Play is brought back for the foul, and Furuhashi is booked.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! Rodrygo makes it two!! The young Brazilian steps up, and like Modric, sends Hart the wrong way to score for Real!!! 2-0 from two handball-related penalties, and the hosts are cruising at the Bernabeu!,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!!! 1-0 to Real Madrid!!! Modric steps up and calmly slots the ball into the bottom corner, sending Hart the wrong way, and putting Los Blancos into an early lead!!! The hosts couldn't have asked for a better start, and the Bhoys are up against it already!,1

Brighton look to work the ball forward but Mac Allister is clipped by Willian from behind, and the Seagulls will have one last chance to get the ball into the box as the Brazilian is booked.,2

Palhinha wildly slides in on Lamptey and sends both man and ball flying over the touchline, before being swiftly booked by the referee.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! Fulham might just have won it late!!! Vinicius does brilliantly to ride the challenge of Veltman before turning to release Salomon. He charges into space and into the box, before drilling a powerful shot across the face of goal which beats Sanchez before nestling in the bottom corner!! A first real out-and-out chance for the Cottagers, and they could well seal all three points from it!!,1

Robinson is put into space on the left and crosses, but it's knocked away for a throw. Veltman prevents Robinson from taking it quickly, and the Fulham defender lashes out before being shown a yellow card!,2

Vinicius needlessly knocks Veltman over as he chases a loose ball, and the Fulham substitute is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Diop is shown a yellow card by the referee, which is most likely for dissent as he was uninvolved in that play for Ferguson's shot on goal.,2

Brighton also make their first alteration of the game, as Tariq Lamptey replaces the impressive Estupinan out wide.,0

Mourinho throws caution to the wind in the closing stages, taking Aurier off for Fernandes as he looks to snatch a late, late winner.,0

Gosling then hacks Lamela down as he looks to lead a counter-attack and earns a yellow card of his own.,2

Ndombele went in late on Callum Wilson in the build-up to that disallowed goal and the referee goes back to book him.,2

Sissoko is replaced by Lucas during the drinks break as Mourinho looks to provide a creative spark in the closing stages.,0

Howe is forced into another substitution, replacing the injured Brooks with Harry Wilson on the right wing.,0

Mourinho does ring the changes at half-time, bringing Son on for Bergwijn on the left in the first alteration.,0

Lerma takes issue with a challenge from Sissoko and squares up to the Spurs midfielder. There's a brief scuffle as the pair are separated before it can escalate further. Lerma is booked.,2

Having managed a goal and an assist to potentially help his team to three points, Mendez makes way for Turrientes.,0

Forced into action by his team's poor first-half display, Struber makes a trio of substitutions. The first sees Baidoo come on for Solet.,0

Solet is booked for a nasty challenge on Kubo near the touchline. He showed his studs there and is perhaps lucky to have only caught Kubo's foot, and not his ankle.,2

GOAL!!! MENDEZ DOUBLES LA REAL'S LEAD!!! A swift counter sees Mendez pick up the ball in his own half before charging deep into Salzburg territory. He gets into the hosts' penalty area and shows great patience to use overlapping runners to make the space for a shot, before rifling into the far corner to put the visitors 2-0 up!,1

Le Normand receives the first booking of the game for cynically hauling down Simic. The home fans want a red, feeling their forward was through on goal, but there were other La Real defenders around and Simic had a long way to go before he feasibly could have shot.,2

GOAL!!! LA REAL'S CAPTAIN PUTS THEM AHEAD!!! Mendez plays the ball into Oyarzabal, and he dribbles into the box before opening up his body to shoot. His finish is brilliant, picking out the bottom corner with an accurate effort to put the visitors 1-0 up!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!! GUNDOGAN SCORES!! 3-1!!! Surely City have secured the victory now as Gundogan slots the ball past De Gea. Bernardo Silva was afforded space and time on the edge of the box and he lifted a precise delivery into the feet of Gundogan. The City midfielder couldn't miss as he had acres of room to control and bury his effort into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! MARTIAL CONVERTS! 2-1!! The Frenchman takes the responsibility from 12 yards due to Pogba's absence. There's no staggered run-up from Martial as he strides forward before sidefooting his effort into the bottom corner, sending Ederson the wrong way. The Brazilian boots the ball out of his net in frustration. He knows that he has let United back into the game.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AGUERO STRIKES!!! 2-0!! City double their lead out of nothing. Aguero leads a break out of midfield and combines with Mahrez to surge into the right inside channel. The Argentine hammers an effort at goal from a tight angle. Aguero connects sweetly with his strike and it flies through De Gea's hands into the back of the net. City have control of the game now.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DAVID SILVA PUTS CITY AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! The pressure tells on the United defence and David Silva fires the home side into the lead. Sterling was the architect of the goal as he whipped a dangerous ball across the face of goal from the left flank. Bernardo Silva collected and squared his pass into the six-yard box. Aguero looked to have been fouled before David Silva was able to gather the loose ball and place his effort past De Gea.,1

Sarabia is next off for PSG, and is replaced by Arnaud Kalimuendo-Muinga, who was on loan at Lens last season.,0

GOOOAALL!!! Neymar makes it four!!! He steps up slowly to take the penalty, and when he does eventually strike it, wrong-foots Lafont to slot it into the corner, putting a cruising PSG 4-0 up!,1

HE'S OFF!!! The red card's out almost as soon as the penalty is given, and there can be no complaints from Castelletto, who is off!,3

Hakimi also comes off after an excellent stint down that right-hand side, and new signing Nordi Mukiele comes on to make his competitive debut for PSG, following his arrival from RB Leipzig.,0

Moutoussamy and Danilo tussle for the ball in midfield, and the PSG substitute is eventually hacked down, with Moutoussamy shown a deserved yellow card.,2

Vitinho also comes off, and is replaced in midfield by his international Portugal team-mate Danilo Pereira.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! It's three!!!! The corner is cleared but Paris come back once more, and Verratti's ball forward causes all sorts of problems. Messi's half-volley is saved by Lafont, but in the ensuing scramble, Ramos pops up to back-heel the ball into the corner to make it 3-0 to PSG!! Cheeky from the veteran defender, and that could well be game over now!,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!! What a strike!!! Neymar steps up as coolly as you like, slotting the free-kick perfectly into the top corner, beating both the wall and Lafont to make it 2-0 to PSG!!! What a finish that was from the Brazilian!,1

Coco is well beaten to the ball by Mendes on the fly, and he chops down the PSG left-back to concede a free-kick and a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! PSG take the lead!!! Neymar drops deep into midfield to receive the ball, and puts a delightful throughball forward to Messi. A nick off Pallois takes it into his path, and the Argentine does he rest; beating the defence before rounding the keeper and putting the ball into an empty net, and that vintage Messi goal makes it 1-0 to PSG!,1

A poor touch from Vitinha sees him lose the ball to Girotto. The Paris midfielder lunges in to get it back, but catches the Nantes defender and is penalised, being shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Final change for Fulham now as they try to run down the clock a little bit. Lookman is taken off, with Bryan on for him.,0

Parker is making a change after the red card for Andersen and it's Cairney that's having to go off so Hector can come into the defence.,0

NEWCASTLE EQUALISE! It's Wilson that steps up to take the penalty that he won and it's a confident spot-kick. He sends Areola the wrong way and nestles his shot in the bottom-right corner. 1-1!,1

FULHAM DOWN TO 10! It was Andersen that brought Wilson down to give away the penalty, and after watching the monitor, the referee has shown him a straight red as he made no attempt to play the ball.,3

Andersen catches Almiron with a high boot in his attempt to block a shot. So, he's shown the first yellow card of the game and he's given away a free-kick just outside the box.,2

WHAT A HEADER! 3-1! Kone’s foul on Tel 30 yards from goal gives Bayern Munich a free-kick in a crossing position, with Sane tasked with taking it. The winger sends a lovely delivery into the penalty area for De Ligt, who evades his marker and sends a powerful header over the hand of Nicolas, off the crossbar and in!,1

Already ahead by a goal, Tuchel decides against risking Davies' health, with Guerreiro coming on to replace him in the final minutes.,0

KANE CLEANS UP! 2-1 BAYERN! Davies' pass into the penalty area is initially cleared by Friedrich, who can only put the ball as far as Goretzka on the corner of the 18-yard box. The Germany international immediately scoops a cross into the penalty area that Nicolas looks to claim, but the goalkeeper spills it and allows Kane to dispatch a header into the empty net!,1

Already on a yellow card, Seoane protects Neuhaus by recalling him to the bench, with Kone set to take his place.,0

It’s three changes at one time for Gladbach, who also freshen up the left wing by throwing on Hack for Ngoumou.,0

Boey comes on for his first Bayern Munich appearance, with Mazraoui given a rest for the final 28 minutes.,0

TWO GOALS IN TWO GAMES FOR PAVLOVIC! 1-1! Bayern pull level just before half-time with a well-worked goal, with Sane dropping deep on the wing before cutting inside and spotting Muller. The forward takes a touch before playing a pass into the channel for Pavlovic, whose acute-angle shot gets past Nicolas!,1

GLADBACH DO IT AGAIN! 1-0! Neuer’s pass through the middle of the pitch for Muller is easily intercepted by Elvedi, who continues his run forward and plays a pass into the 18-yard box for Pefok. Unselfishly, the striker spots the movement of his team-mate and plays the ball back to the defender, whose first-time effort is dispatched accurately into the bottom corner!,1

The first yellow card of the match goes the way of Neuhaus, for a handball during an attempt to intercept a pass 20 yards from goal. It’s a free-kick for Bayern in a very dangerous position, with Sane and Kane standing over the deadball.,2

GOAL! Isco nets a sixth! Vinicius holds off the challenge on Sastre down the left wing and breaks into the penalty area, before squaring it across goal for Isco, who fires the ball into the bottom right corner of the net. It's now 6-1!,1

Another couple of Madrid changes now following the goal, with Benzema one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Jovic.,0

GOAL! Benzema makes it 5-1! The striker finally gets his second goal of the game and it’s a fine finish. Alaba plays a long ball forward from the back, spotting the run of Benzema in behind and he gets a bit of luck as the ball bounces off his back, before falling perfectly to him in the box. Olivan and Valjent try and get back to block the shot, but only end up deflecting Benzema’s effort past their own keeper and into the back of the net.,1

Another Mallorca substitution now, with Lago Junior making his way off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mboula.,0

Double substitution here for Madrid, with Asensio coming off to a standing ovation following his hat-trick and he has been replaced by Isco.,0

Another yellow card, this time it is shown to Nacho for a challenge on Lago Junior deep down the left wing, which hands Mallorca a free-kick in a decent position.,2

Mallorca have made a triple change now and the first sees Gaya come off and he has been replaced by Costa.,0

GOAL! Asensio gets his hat-trick! Rodrygo races into the final third and flicks it off to Benzema, who finds Asensio on the edge of the box, who is completely unmarked and he curls the ball into the bottom left corner of the net. Reina couldn't get down quickly enough and Real Madrid now lead 4-1.,1

Rodrygo is booked almost straight after the restart for a late challenge on Lee. Poor tackle by the winger and the referee had no chance but to show him a yellow card.,2

Mallorca have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Kubo the man coming off and he has been replaced by Baba.,0

GOAL! Another goal for Asensio, he extends Madrid's lead and makes it 3-1! It comes after more poor defending at the back, with Benzema easily feeding Asensio with a ball in behind and the midfielder was quickest to react, racing through on goal and firing it past Reina and into the back of the net.,1

GOAL! Mallorca have pulled one back straight away, it’s 2-1! Madrid weren’t paying any attention at the back from the restart and the visitors have punished them. Hoppe finds Lee Kang-In on the edge of the penalty area, who evades challenges and curls the ball into the back of the net, leaving Courtois with no chance of stopping it.,1

GOAL! Asensio doubles Real Madrid’s lead, it’s 2-0! The move is started by Vinicius in the final third, who flicks the ball through to Rodrygo, who tries to square the ball into the six-yard box, but Reina makes the block. However, the rebound falls straight to Asensio, who pounces and converts from close range.,1

GOAL! It’s taken only three minutes for Real Madrid to take the lead! Gaya makes a massive mistake at the back after a pass across from Valjent which Gaya tries to control, but his touch is far too heavy and Benzema nicks it off his toes. The striker then races through on goal and only has Reina to beat, which he coolly does, sliding the ball into the bottom left corner of the net to make it 1-0!,1

Coutinho leaves the field to the applause of the home fans. The Brazilian has struggled to impose himself at times in a Barcelona shirt, but the crowd appreciate his performance and goal tonight as he makes way for Dembele.,0

Suarez goes into the book for dissent. He has complained to the referee one too many times this evening.,2

Lukaku replaces Rashford, who struck the bar in the first minute of the game but was more or less nullified after that. ,0

WHAT A GOAL!!!!! COUTINHO PUTS THE GAME BEYOND DOUBT!! 3-0 BARCELONA!!!! Coutinho scores a stunner to all but place his side in the semi-finals of the Champions League. He collects an offload 25 yards from goal before advancing to the edge of the box. He gets half a yard on Smalling and it's enough to allow him to strike a perfect ball into the top corner, beating the hand of De Gea.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI HAS A SECOND!!! BARCELONA 2-0!!! De Gea has a howler between the sticks. The Spaniard allows a trickling strike from Messi on his right foot through his grasp into the bottom corner. De Gea does not make many mistakes, but this one could be costly to his team. Messi surged into space and fired at goal, but he was hardly expecting to score with that attempt. A bonus for the Argentine and Barcelona.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MESSI PUTS BARCELONA AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! The Argentine punishes Young for a costly mistake at the back, burying a left-footed strike into the bottom corner. Young loses the ball under pressure at left-back and it travels to Messi on the edge of the box. He drops a shoulder to beat the challenge of Smalling before bending his effort around De Gea into the net. Clinical from Messi.,1

GOAL!!! BALOGUN HAS HIS FIRST GOAL FOR ARSENAL!! On just his second appearance for the club and his first involvement in the game, he's found the net! Fellow substitute Smith Rowe gets into the box on the left and squares to the striker, who swivels and smashes a low shot down the middle that goes in off the goalkeeper! It's 3-0 to Arsenal!,1

Meanwhile, Arteta brings young striker Balogun on for second-ever senior Arsenal appearance, with Nketiah making way.,0

Lacazette is the second player to depart, and he trudges off to allow a more natural attacking midfielder in Smith Rowe to enter the fray.,0

Arteta makes a double-change now, with the lively Willock coming off for a left-back in Tierney. The substitute will go out to the left side of defence, with Maitland-Niles moving into a midfield role.,0

Moe makes a double-change as his side chase the game, with Hussain coming off for Bolly in the first substitution.,0

GOAL!!! NELSON DOUBLES ARSENAL'S LEAD!! Willock surges down the right and sends a driven, low cross into the middle where Nelson nips in to fire home from close range! It's 2-0 to Arsenal now!,1

GOAL!!! PEPE PUTS ARSENAL IN FRONT!! It's a lovely strike from Arsenal's record signing! A left-wing cross from Willock finds him on the right side of the box and he takes one touch to control it before curling a vicious strike right into the top-left corner from a tight angle despite a touch from Linde! It's 1-0 to Arsenal! That will be a real relief for the Ivorian after his sending-off against Leeds.,1

Arteta makes a half-time change, with Holding coming on for David Luiz, who presumably picked up a knock.,0

JOTA SEALS IT! Liverpool have their second goal! Diaz breaks through in midfield, and though he slips over, the ball deflects off Sadiki into Jota's path. The Portuguese winger coolly slots home past Moris into the bottom corner, and that makes it 2-0 to the hosts: game over!,1

Having shared the pitch with his brother Alexis for most of the second half, Kevin Mac Allister now departs. Sykes comes on to replace him.,0

Blessin makes his first changes of the game: first, Nilsson makes way for recent signing Rodriguez, who has yet to score for Union Saint-Gilloise.,0

Receiving warm applause from the Anfield faithful as he departs, Alexander-Arnold makes way for Gomez.,0

Finally, Jones comes on for Salah, who is spared the second half with Sunday's game against Brighton in mind.,0

The introduction of Alexis Mac Allister for Endo in midfield sees him join brother Kevin on the pitch.,0

LIVERPOOL LEAD! Played in by Nunez on the left, Alexander-Arnold's low drive from 20 yards forces Moris to spill the ball into Gravenberch's path. Presented with a tap-in from close range, the Dutch midfielder makes no mistake and puts Liverpool 1-0 ahead just before the break - that's his first goal for the club!,1

GOAL! Nketiah seals the points for Arsenal! Iwobi slides the ball into the path of Nketiah who advances down the left side of the box before squeezing his effort beyond Heaton from an acute angle. 3-1.,1

Burnley make their final change of the game as Hendrick makes way for Brady. There are less than 10 minutes left to play.    ,0

The hosts make their second substitution of the game as Crouch comes on to replace Wood. It remains 2-1.  ,0

Cork fouls Guendouzi from behind and is given a yellow card. The Burnley midfielder cannot have any complaints about that decision.,2

GOAL! Barnes pulls one back! Following a cross from the right, Arsenal fail to clear their lines and Gudmundsson is on hand to pick the ball up down the left side of the box. The substitute delivers a good cross into the box which Barnes heads beyond Leno and into the bottom right corner from close range. 2-1.,1

GOAL! Aubameyang again! Iwobi finds space down the left side of the penalty area before chipping a wonderful cross in towards the far post. Aubameyang meets it so sweetly to volley the ball beyond Heaton and into the back of the net. 2-0.,1

Arsenal make their second substitution of the match as Nketiah comes on to replace Willock with just under 30 minutes left to play.,0

GOAL! Arsenal lead! Cork’s pass back to Mee is poorly controlled by the English defender and Aubameyang nips in to claim the loose ball. The Arsenal striker keeps his cool when one-on-one with Heaton and calmly places his effort into the bottom right corner of the net from the centre of the box. 1-0.,1

Iwobi looks to skip away from Lowton down the left flank, but the Burnley defender lunges in with a late challenge and is given a yellow card.,2

Tarkowski receives a yellow card following a cynical foul on Iwobi down the right-hand side of the field. He can have no complaints about that one.,2

Arsenal are forced into their first change of the match as the injured Mavropanos is replaced by Koscielny.,0

Barnes picks up the first yellow card of the match after a squaring up to Leno following a collision with the Arsenal goalkeeper.,2

Heaton is booked for a handball after punching the ball down low with Willock looking to advance down the right side of the penalty area following a throughball.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DOUGLAS LUIZ SCORES A STUNNER!!! GAME ON!!!! Villa are back in the game and Douglas Luiz atones for his mistake with a brilliant finish from the edge of the box. It comes from a failed corner from the hosts as Grealish's first delivery is poor, but he gets the ball back and feeds the Brazilian. Douglas Luiz takes a touch before bending an right-footed effort into the top right corner. There's plenty of time left in this game.,1

A wise move from Howe to withdraw Billing at the break. Surman replaces him in the middle of the park.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! HARRY WILSON DOUBLES BOURNEMOUTH'S LEAD!!! 2-0!!! The visitors extend their advantage to stun Villa Park into silence. Douglas Luiz makes a horrendous mistake on the edge of his own box as he dummies El Mohamady's offload. Harry Wilson is right behind him and seizes on the loose ball. He works it on to his left foot before firing at goal. The strike takes a deflection off Mings before hitting the inside of the left post and rolling into the back of the net. Bournemouth are enjoying a great start this afternoon.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KING FIRES HOME!!! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! The Cherries take the lead as King makes no mistake from 12 yards. He places the ball in the left bottom corner, sending Heaton the wrong way. A nightmare start for the home side.,1

GOAL!! REMARKABLE! IT'S 4-4! Amiens led by three but looked to be down and out when PSG battled back to lead. No, it is all square again! Cornette breaks at speed on the right, and Guirassy is in the middle, just onside, to shoot low past Navas! Is there time for a winner?,1

SUB: Diabate has been a constant menace on the left, really enjoying himself up against Herrera, but he makes way now for Mbenza.,0

YELLOW: Kakuta goes into the book, seemingly for dissent. The Amiens man was pulled back by Marquinhos, but the Brazilian was not carded while Kakuta was for his protests.,2

SUB: It is Amiens' turn for a double-change as they seek to rescue a game they appeared to have sewn up. Cornette replaces Otero, who has been the least effective of the hosts' attacking stars.,0

GOAL!! TURNAROUND COMPLETE! 4-3 PSG! Bernat gets in behind on the left and plays a teasing ball across the face of goal. Icardi is there, where he so often is, in the six-yard box to tap in. PSG were three down late in the first half but now lead.,1

YELLOW: The second booking of the game and first for Amiens goes to Blin. He harries Verratti but then pulls the subsitute's shirt quite blatantly, earning a yellow card.,2

GOAL!! AMAZING! KOUASSI AGAIN! The defender's second Ligue 1 goal arrives just five minutes after his first. Kouassi towers over Gurtner, who has played well but gets nowhere near Di Maria's corner. PSG are back level, from three goals down, and can now think about winning this one!,1

GOAL!! IT'S 3-2! PSG are right back in this one! Kouassi gets his first Ligue 1 goal with an excellent header from Draxler's left-wing corner, won by Bakker's hard running. Amiens are really up against it now.,1

YELLOW: Bakker was impressive on his full debut in midweek but less so today. A clumsy challenge on Otero is punished with a yellow card, the game's first.,2

SUB: There are two PSG changes at the break but seemingly no change of shape. Verratti replaces Gueye.,0

GOAL!! PSG ARE BACK IN IT! Of all people, it's Herrera! The midfielder has been awful playing at right-back, but a corner from the left lands on his toe for a volley. Gurtner gets a hand to the effort but it nestles in the roof of the net. 3-1!,1

GOAL!! UNBELIEVABLE! AMIENS 3-0 PSG! Herrera is all over the place at right-back, and Diabate is set clear on that wing. Guirassy, attempting to get up in support, is dragged down off the ball, but it matters not. Diabate advances and shoots low past Navas, clipping the right-hand post on the way in.,1

GOAL!! INCREDIBLE! 2-0! This is a sublime hit from Kakuta! He picks up the ball on the left corner of the area and drives a magnificent effort past Navas into the top-right corner. Amiens are two up!,1

GOAL!! STUNNER! What a start from Amiens! 1-0! Gueye is muscled off the ball in midfield and the hosts attack swiftly. Guirassy gets in behind Silva and drills a low effort straight through Navas.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!! STURRIDGE EQUALISES!!!! 1-1!!! Liverpool are back in the game in the dying stages of the contest. Sturridge scores a screamer from 25 yards. Chelsea fail to close down the striker and he pulls the trigger on a left-footed strike. It has the power and it bends away from the hand of Kepa to find the top corner. A super effort.,1

Klopp makes a huge call in the contest as he withdraws Salah for Shaqiri. Although the forward has not been at his best, he is always a threat. A suprising move.,0

GOALLLLLLL!!! HAZARD PUTS CHELSEA AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! The Blues score a sublime goal to take the lead, finished in style by Hazard. Chelsea worked the ball out of the middle of the park where Liverpool looked to have closed down the space. However, quick offloads between Jorginho and Kovacic opened up the space. Hazard made the run beyond the Liverpool defence to latch on to Kovacic's precise throughball. The Belgian provided the finish, firing the ball across Alisson into the bottom corner. A superb goal.,1

Trpisovsky responds to the goal by making a duo of changes. The first sees Tomic enter the fray for Doudera.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! PULISIC MAKES IT 4-2!!! Leao is so often the game-changer for Milan, and right when they needed him, he steps up to tee up Pulisic to make it 4-2! Leao receives the ball before twisting his marker inside and out, making the space to dink over the goalkeeper, where Pulisic turns home despite the best efforts of a Slavia defender on the line!,1

Pioli makes a pair of changes. The first sees Giroud replaced by Okafor, who will be hoping to score late on for Milan again after netting an 88th-minute winner off the bench against Lazio last time out.,0

Having come on for the cautioned Florenzi at half-tine, Calabria now sees yellow himself for cynically hauling down Provod to halt a Slavia counter.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! SLAVIA RESPOND AGAIN!!! The visitors just will not go away, with the resulting free-kick after Kjaer's foul lofted into the box. It's nodded on to the back post where Schranz is waiting, and having only come on moments ago, the substitute smashes the ball into the back of the net from a tight angle. Milan's lead is cut down to 3-2!,1

With Florenzi on a yellow, Pioli takes no chances as he replaces his starting right-back with Calabria ahead of the second half.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! LOFTUS-CHEEK MAKES IT 3-1!!! Florenzi whips a corner into the Slavia box, and Loftus-Cheek gets away from his marker to meet it. The former Chelsea midfielder then thunders a header past Stanek and in to put the hosts very much in the ascendancy in this tie.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! REIJNDERS PUTS MILAN AHEAD AGAIN!!! This certainly rivals Doudera's leveller, as Reijnders receives the ball short from a corner. The midfielder shifts onto his right foot, before rifling a superb finish into the bottom left corner, giving the goalkeeper no chance and making it 2-1 to Milan!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! DOUDERA LEVELS FOR SLAVIA WITH A WONDER GOAL!!! What a response that is from the visitors, who equalise just two minutes after going behind. Milan fail to fully clear a corner, only nodding the ball out to Doudera outside the box. He goes for the spectacular with a first-time volley, catching it sweetly, and though Maignan gets a hand to it, he can only tip it onto the inside of the post with the ball bouncing across the line and in. 1-1 at San Siro!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! GIROUD NODS MILAN IN FRONT!!! It comes from Leao, who receives the ball from Adli before jinking back inside. He looks to go for goal himself, but his shot takes a deflection off Vlcek. Fortuitously, the ball deflects towards Giroud at the back post, who makes no mistake as he powers a header into the back of the net. 1-0 to Milan!,1

DIOUF IS SENT OFF!!! With Slavia looking pretty comfortable, all of a sudden they are down to 10 men as Diouf sees red. He dives in on Pulisic, catching him on the ankle with studs up, and the referee doesn't hesitate to pull out the red card and send the defender back to the changing rooms! That could be a huge moment in this tie.,3

Florenzi receives a very early yellow card for cynically tripping Zmrzly in midfield after Milan sloppily gave the ball away. The right-back will have to walk a tightrope now, and you'd expect Slavia will look to target him down their left.,2

BERNARDESCHI SCORES! Zappa's cross-field pass is cut out by Kulusevski, and he knocks it past Dalbert before driving forward. He squares it into Bernardeschi on the edge of the box, and he takes a touch before firing it past Cragno and into the far side of the net. 2-0 Juve! ,1

Kean seemed to jar his knee as he tried to challenge Dalbert, and he's coming off after receiving treatment. Kulusevski is on in his place. ,0

Cagliari are making their first change of the game now. It's Pereiro that's going off, with Pavoletti on to replace him.,0

There's a change for Juventus at the break. Rabiot isn't coming back out, with McKennie on in his place. ,0

KEAN SCORES! Juventus win the ball back high upfield again, with Bernardeschi pulling away from Carboni to curl a great cross into the box. Kean gets in between the two defenders and doesn't have to jump to get on the end of it. He directs his header back across to the near post, and Cragno can't get anywhere near it. 1-0 Juve!,1

Bentancur is sprinting away on the counter and Dalbert just can't catch up. He pushes the forward to stop his run which earns him a yellow card. That also means he'll miss Cagliari's next match.,2

Carboni is scrambling across to Bernardeschi and sticks out a leg to trip the forward. It's a high tackle and it earns him the first yellow card of the game.,2

Palmer's incredible breakout season continues and he got the Chelsea scoring underway in the first-half. Gilchrist comes on and Disasi moves to centre-back for the Blues, with Gilchrist going on the right.,0

Gusto also comes on for Chalobah. With such a strong score, it allows Pochettino to get some of his players who have missed games back into action.,0

Thiago Silva gets a huge round of applause, and a big hug from Pochettino. Disasi comes on for the Brazilian, who is also returning after missing the Spurs game.,0

Jackson was right, Chelsea have a fifth! It was a great run from the forward who then tucks his shot under Areola. He had a difficult start to the game but has two goals and has played really well in the second-half.,1

Nkunku has returned to the pitch after nearly three months out. He replaces Mudryk, who has been really positive but just couldn't get his goal.,0

Paqueta's game is run and he is replaced by Cresswell, who looks to be going left back and Emerson pushing higher up the pitch.,0

Antonio had a difficult game against Chelsea's defence. He barely touched the ball and is replaced by Ings.,0

CHELSEA ADD A FOURTH! What a start to the second half by the Blues. A searching ball from the back by Chalobah found Madueke who rather unselfishly played it across to Jackson who tapped it in. That is his 12th goal in the league, which is a decent return in his maiden campaign.,1

Ward-Prowse is coming on for Alvarez, who has had a quiet game. The Englishman will hopefully keep the ball a bit more for West Ham and provide an obvious danger from set-pieces.,0

Paqueta is the third West Ham player to go into the book and it is a shocking challenge. He swings to get the ball but only gets Cucurella.,2

Emerson brings down Jackson on the edge of the box, and it is a really promising position for the Blues. Emerson also goes into the book.,2

Cucurella has little to argue about there he tries to take down Kudus who carries on and once play stops Andy Madley comes and cards the left back.,2

IT'S A THIRD! CHELSEA ARE DISMANTLING WEST HAM! Madueke is at the back post to knock in Thiago Silva's header down and the Blues are running away with this game. It is a rare header for Madueke and he will definitely take it.,1

GALLAGHER DOUBLES CHELSEA'S LEAD! Zouma's deflection falls to the Chelsea midfielder who strikes a fierce volley into the bottom corner and puts the Blues in an even more comfortable position. They have deserved this led and are enjoying themselves out here.,1

1-0 CHELSEA! AND WHO ELSE COULD IT BE! COLE PALMER SCORES HIS 21ST PREMIER LEAGUE GOAL OF THE SEASON! Chelsea work their way through the pitch really nicely and a cross just falls to Palmer who smashes his shot into the corner and Chelsea lead. He might have a tough job catching Haaland after his four-goal haul yesterday, but he isn't giving up.,1

Cuadrado comes off for Bernardeschi - a like-for-like change for Juve, who don't want to take risks with Cuadrado on a yellow card.,0

Cuadrado is the next player to be booked, this time for hauling down Dijks. One gets the feeling that the next 15 minutes will amount to very little. ,2

Calabresi cynically tugs Ronaldo's shirt, handing Juve a free-kick in prime CR7 territory on the edge of Bologna's area.,2

Danilo pulls down Dybala as the Argentine looks to get away in midfield. Danilo gives Dybala the customary reassuring pat but doesn't escape the yellow card.,2

Pjanic comes off for Juve and the more defensively-minded Emre Can takes his place. Juve are happy with what they have but there's still a quarter of the game to go.,0

Paz is booked for fouling a Juve player outside the area. The resulting free-kick is caught without any hassle by Skorupski.,2

Cuadrado is brought down again by Bologna's Dutch left wing-back Dijks. Not long after, Dijks gets a taste of his own medicine as Pjanic clips him. Yellow card for Pjanic.,2

GOAL! Juve score on the break after Bologna venture forward! Cancelo aims a far-post cross towards Ronaldo. Ronaldo shanks what is surely a cross across the six-yard box, but thankfully Matuidi arrives late again and fires it into the net. It's 2-0!,1

GOAL! Too easy for Juve! After coming so close to scoring themselves, Bologna switch off at the back. Bonucci fires the ball long from the back again and Bologna's defence is caught flat. Dybala nods it down to Matuidi in the area. His shot is saved by Skorupski, but the ball dinks up for Dybala who acrobatically fires into the net. This could be a long game for Bologna. It's 1-0 Juve!,1

And the final roll of the dice for Strasbourg sees Bechikh coming on in place of Mwanga for the last few minutes.,0

Before Strasbourg can take their free-kick, PSG are making their final change as Mukiele is brought on for Soler.,0

PSG are making a double change here. Marquinhos is the first to go off, handing the captain's armband onto Mbappe, as he's replaced by Pereira.,0

BAKWA PULLS ONE BACK! It's been coming for Strasbourg, and they finally have a goal! It's a brilliant cross from Angelo, who switched out to the right, and he spots Bakwa's late run to the far post. None of the PSG players do though, and he leaps up to volley it past Donnarumma from close range before the keeper can react. 2-1!,1

Strasbourg aren't happy again as another free-kick goes against them, with Mbappe staying down after Senaya's challenge. To add to their frustration, the defender is booked for brushing him aside.,2

PSG are also making their first change. Ugarte, who went down a few minutes ago and needed treatment, is replaced by Vitinha.,0

Zaire-Emery is threatening to break through the middle, so Mwanga gives him a tug to stop him. He can have no complaints with that booking.,2

Strasbourg are making the first change of the game, and it's going to be a straight swap up front. Sahi is taken off, with Emegha on in his place.,0

ASENSIO SCORES! PSG make a quick start to the second half! It started in their own box as Beraldo cut out a cross from Senaya, and he quickly set his side on the counter, with Ruiz switching it out to Mbappe. He drives down the left before sweeping a low cross into the box. Asensio has time to take a touch before nestling his shot into the bottom corner. 2-0 PSG!,1

MBAPPE SCORES! After his heroics to make the penalty save earlier, it's a moment to forget for Bellaarouch here! He takes too long to make a clearance, and Asensio closes him down before squaring the ball to Mbappe, who is left with an empty net to aim for. He makes no mistake this time, curling it over the line. 1-0 PSG!,1

While Bakwa continues getting treatment on the sideline, the referee thinks about Hernandez's challenge on him from behind. He does decide to go to his pocket now, showing him a yellow card.,2

Sissoko attempts to drag Kolo Muani back, but the winger doesn't even break his stride. When the attack fizzles out, the referee goes back to book Sissoko for it.,2

Mandzukic, who has been playing on the edge all game, now picks up a yellow card for a poor challenge on Castillejo. ,2

GOAL!! KEAN GIVES JUVENTUS THE LEAD! Pjanic wins the ball high up the field and feeds Kean on the right. The young striker takes a touch and then fires it into the bottom-left corner across Reina to put his side 2-1 up! It’s his second in two games!,1

Suso is Milan's first change, with Castillejo replacing him as Gattuso looks to freshen up his attack. ,0

Kean comes on for goalscorer Dybala - who doesn't look happy to be replaced - and goes up front, with Mandzukic going out to the left and Bernardeschi switching to the right.,0

Spinazzola comes off for Pjanic as Allegri switches to a 4-3-3. Sandro shuffles out to left-back while the substitute joins a midfield three, with Bernardeschi pushing forward to make an attacking trident.,0

GOAL! JUVENTUS ARE LEVEL! Dybala tucks the penalty coolly down the middle to get the Bianconeri back on level terms! ,1

Musacchio is shown a yellow card for his foul. He wasn't denying a clear goalscoring opportunity, and it's the right decision. ,2

GOAL!! MILAN LEAD 1-0! Despite feeling aggrieved at being denied a penalty by VAR, Milan are positive, win the ball high up the field and Piatek slots home under Szczesny from just inside the box into the bottom-right corner! He just can’t stop scoring!,1

Ziyech is again the target of Watford, as this time it's Rose who brings him down and is given a yellow card in return.,2

GOOOOOALLLLL!!!! Chelsea are back in the lead!!! Rudiger's chip wide is headed on by Alonso to find Mount. He cuts the ball back from the byline and Ziyech arrives to stroke the ball home!!! 2-1, and can Chelsea hang on this time?,1

Pedro cuts inside and drives through midfield for Watford. Ziyech follows him all the way, and his yellow-carded after bringing the Hornets winger down from behind.,2

Chalobah was also injured in the process of that break, but his injury is more severe than Mendy's and so he is replaced by Hakim Ziyech.,0

The booked Saúl is withdrawn by Thomas Tuchel at half-time, and Thiago Silva comes on to replace him.,0

Troost-Ekong slides in to deal with an Azpilicueta throughball and absolutely clatters Mount with the follow-through. Although he did win the ball, the recklessness of the challenge sees him pick up a yellow card.,2

Dennis tries to cut inside Alonso and gets the better of him, before being shoved to the floor by the Spaniard, who is booked.,2

Louza backs into Alonso as he passes and concedes a free-kick in a perfect position for the Chelsea wing-back. He's booked for the incident too.,2

GOOOOOALLLLL!!!!! WATFORD ARE LEVEL!!!! The Hornets buzz forward on the break, and have Chelsea's defenders outnumbered. Dennis sprints down the right with the ball, getting the better of Rudiger before passing a low shot into the net, straight past Mendy and into the corner! 1-1, and game on!!!,1

GOOOOOALLLLL!!!!! Chelsea lead!!!! Alonso, who started the move, races forward to meet Rudiger's ball forward. From the byline he finds Havertz, who tees up Mount at the back post to fire into the bottom corner and make it 1-0 to Chelsea!,1

Dennis brilliantly gets past Rudiger before being brought down by Saúl right on the edge of the Chelsea box. He's yellow-carded, and Watford have a free-kick in a very dangerous position.,2

Bardsley's frustrations get the better of him as he goes smashing through the back of Pearson. Unsurprisingly, referee England books the Burnley right-back for his challenge.,2

GOALLLL! 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Stanislas calmly wanders up to the penalty spot and places his right-footed finish into the top right corner. Peacock-Farrell dives the right way but has no chance of stopping it and that will surely confirm Bournemouth's place in the quarter-finals.,1

McNeil becomes the first booking of the game as referee England cautions him for pushing Lewis Cook, who escapes a booking despite his involvement in the altercation.,2

Rodriguez, who spurned a glorious chance in the second half from close range, is brought off for Barnes up top.,0

Right-back Lowton comes on for Gudmundsson, meaning the substitute will operate further forward than he is usually used to.,0

Dyche looks to his senior players to get the Clarets back in this game, introducing Westwood into midfield in place of youngster Benson.,0

A more defensive change sees Lewis Cook replace Brooks. This means that Bournemouth now have two Cooks on the pitch, namely Lewis and Steve.,0

GOALLL!!! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Billing works hard in the left-hand channel, collecting a loose ball and finding Brooks. Stacey overlaps the right winger before drilling a low cross across goal, where Surridge taps-in from inside the six-yard area to open the scoring. VAR checks for offside before confirming the goal can stand.,1

McNeil has come on in place of McNeil. Everton will hope he can offer a different kind of threat from the right flank.,0

GOAL! Almiron breaks the deadlock. Trippier switched the play from the right to the left flank and then, after a couple of intelligent passes, the ball fell to Guimaraes at the edge of the box. He then teed up Almiron, whose left-footed finish beat Pickford and nestled in the back of the net.,1

Not long after his introduction from the bench, Rovella is booked for an ill-timed tackle on Sabiri in midfield.,2

A crunching challenge on Rovella earns Verre a merited booking, as there was never any chance of winning the ball without also taking down his opponent.,2

After a disappointing display, Locatelli is replaced by Rovella in the Juventus engine room for the final few minutes.,0

To a warm round of applause, Caputo makes way for former Juventus striker Quagliarella, who is just months from his 40th birthday.,0

For a heavy tackle on Kostic inside his own half, Leris is the latest man to have his name taken by the referee.,2

After a slalom run through several Samp defenders, Sandro loses the ball, then frustratedly brings down Sabiri. That earns him a booking.,2

For clipping Rabiot in central midfield, as Juventus threatened to counter, Djuricic is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Baba, arguably at fault for that third Atleti goal, makes way for Chavarria in the visitors' final change of the match.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! ATLETICO 3-0 MALLORCA! This is a little harsh on the visitors as Atletico bag themselves a third goal. Baba's weak headed clearance falls kindly for Koke and the midfielder leaves Reina wrong-footed with his drilled volley, which takes a telling touch off Raillo on its way through.,1

This match is becoming incredibly stop-start now due to the breaks in play. Two-goal Morata makes way for Costa.,0

GOAAAALLLL!!! ATLETICO 2-0 MALLORCA!! Morata doubles both his and Atletico's tally right at the end of the first half with a simple tap-in. Atletico crowd out Trajkovski and Llorente is set free in a right-sided position inside the box. He looks up and squares the ball for Morata to convert.,1

Saul is cautioned for a challenge on Febas. This has been another promising spell for the visiting side, who trail to a Morata penalty.,2

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! ATLETICO 1-0 MALLORCA!! Morata makes no mistake with this second penalty, thumping the ball into the top-left corner. There is no stopping that!,1

Sedlar is shown a yellow card for that poor piece of defending. Can Morata punish him by converting from 12 yards?,2

Kean receives a late yellow card after sliding in on Valero from behind. He can have no complaints about that one.,2

Juventus make their final substitution of the match as Bernardeschi is replaced by Pereira. There are less than five minutes left to play.,0

Inter make their second change of the game as we enter the final 10 minutes with Mario coming on to replace Politano. It remains 1-1.  ,0

The home side make their first substitution of the game as Valero replaces Nainggolan, the scorer of the opening goal.,0

GOAL! Ronaldo levels for Juventus and scores his 600th goal in all club competitions! Pjanic drives into the box after a clever one-two with Ronaldo before cutting back inside and laying the ball off to the Portuguese striker who drives a low effort beyond Handanovic and into the bottom right corner of the net from the edge of the box. 1-1.,1

Juventus are forced into making their first change of the match as Spinazzola replaces the injured Alex Sandro.,0

Nainggolan gets to the loose ball in the centre of the field just ahead of Chiellini before being caught by the Italian’s high boot. The Juventus captain is awarded a yellow card for that late challenge.,2

Cuadrado knocks the ball away from Perisic down the right-hand side before being caught by the Croatian’s late challenge. The Inter attacker goes into the book for that tackle.   ,2

Asamoah looks to skip away from Cuadrado down the left side of the pitch but is cynically brought down by the Colombian who receives the first yellow card of the game.  ,2

WHAT A WONDERFUL GOAL! Inter take the lead! Following a corner from the left which Juventus fail to clear, Politano scoops the ball over to his right for Nainggolan who unleashes an unbelievable volley from 30 yards out which easily beats Szczesny and flies into the top left corner despite the Polish goalkeeper getting a hand on the strike. 1-0.,1

Castro makes a double-substitution now as he looks to see out the game. Kovalenko is off for Patrick in midfield.,0

Meanwhile, Dentinho appears to be struggling with an injury and - having come on to replace the injured Moraes - is now replaced by Fernando.,0

GOAL!!! IT'S 2-0 TO SHAKHTAR!!! What a hit from Solomon! The substitute drove forward purposefully down the left before cutting inside Vazquez as he reached the edge of the box and thumping a lovely strike beyond Courtois and into the bottom-left corner!,1

Zidane makes a triple-substitution now as he tries to get his side back on level terms. Odegaard is the first man off, with Isco replacing him in midfield.,0

Castro makes a double-change to freshen things up as his side head into the final stages of the game. Marlos is the first to leave the field, with Maycon taking his place.,0

GOAL!!! SHAKHTAR TAKE THE LEAD!!! Kovalenko drills a low ball into the box where Mendy intercepts, but the loose ball bounces square and back into the danger zone. It goes past Varane, who inexplicably leaves it, and Dentinho races in and fires past the onrushing Courtois! It's 1-0 to Shakhtar!,1

Moraes hasn't been moving freely since returning to the fray and Castro has decided to replace him. Dentinho comes on up front.,0

A poor pass from Nacho catches Varane on his heels and allows Moraes to nip in and nick the ball. He knocks it past the Frenchman, who brings him down and picks up a yellow card.,2

GOOAAAAAL! BURNLEY LEAD OUT OF NOWHERE! Vydra pulls it back for McNeil on the left and the midfielder shifts the ball out of his feet and puts a teasing cross into the box. Moving backwards, Wood does brilliantly to meet it and pick out the corner to put the hosts ahead. 3-2!,1

GOOOAAALL! MCNEIL MAKES IT 2-2! The ball is played out to McNeil after Cash failed to deal with the danger and the midfielder's attempted cross evades everyone in the box before dribbling past Martinez and nestling in the bottom corner. It's a huge slice of luck for Burnley but they won't care!,1

It's a third change for Dyche and Burnley. With time running out, Vydra comes on for Rodriguez to see if fresh legs can make the difference.,0

GOOOAAAAAAAL! VILLA LEAD AGAIN! Just as Burnley were looking threatening, Villa are back in front. A fizzed cross from Luiz is brilliantly converted by Grealish whose performance has more than merited a goal! 2-1!,1

GOOOAAALLLL! BURNLEY ARE LEVEL! This is as simple as it gets. The corner is floated into the back post where Mee is on hand to power the ball past Martinez and level things up for the hosts. 1-1!,1

There's a change to report for Burnley at the break. Brownhill, who was a doubt before the game, is replaced by Cork.,0

Tarkowski is the first player to be booked after clattering Watkins from behind and getting nowhere near the ball.,2

GOOOAAALLLLL! VILLA LEAD 1-0! Grealish probes for some space before feeding Targett on his left. The Englishman fires a cross in that is exquisitely met by Watkins who guides it past Pope into the far corner.,1

Levante make their third and final substitution, with Radoja coming off and he has been replaced by Vukcevic.,0

Levante now make their second substitution of the game, with Rochina heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Hernani.,0

Cabaco is booked after he goes up to challenge Oblak at the corner, but ends up catching the Atletico keeper, who looks to be in some pain, with an elbow.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Thomas after he slides in late on Rochina, just on the edge of the Atletico penalty area and it hands Levante a free-kick in a very good position.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Atletico are back in the lead, it's 2-1! Atletico go straight up the other end of the pitch after the restart and work the ball into the Levante final third, with Lodi whipping a lovely cross into the box for Felipe, who heads home from around 12 yards out, straight into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Levante equalise less than three minutes after conceding - it's 1-1! They win a free-kick in the middle of the Atletico half, which Campana chips into the box and Roger Marti meets it first-time on the volley. His attempt takes a big deflection, which fools Oblak, and it finds a way into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Atletico lead 1-0! Correa with the opening goal of the game after 13 minutes. Thomas chipped the ball out to the right wing to Trippier who had time and space to perfectly pick out the run of Correa with a volley into the near post, the scorer then just glancing his first-time effort on the full into the net from a couple of yards out.,1

Hernandez earns himself a yellow card after sliding in on Weghorst from behind, near the centre circle. ,2

PHILIPP! 2-3! Wolfsburg get themselves back into it as Philipp gets to Otavio's whipped cross ahead of Neuer, before steering a clever finish into the roof of the net from close range!   ,1

MUSIALA AGAIN! 3-1! Bayern immediately restore their two-goal advantage as Muller stands up an accurate cross from the right to the back post, where Musiala leaps to plant a commanding header across Casteels and into the far top corner!  ,1

WEGHORST! 2-1! Wolfsburg pull one back as Schlager wins possession deep inside the Bayern half, before feeding it through to Weghorst, who curls a precise, low shot into the far corner from 12 yards!  ,1

CHOUPO-MOTING! 2-0! Alaba gets to the byline and stands up a straightforward cross for Casteels to gather. However, the goalkeeper makes a terrible error and spills it, allowing Choupo-Moting to pounce and tap it into an empty net from close range!,1

MUSIALA! 1-0! Mbabu's firm challenge on Davies inside the box falls to Musiala, and the attacker wriggles past Lacroix before firing a low effort from eight yards towards the near post that squirms past Casteels and in!  ,1

OFF! Vidal is sent off by referee Taylor as he continues his rant after not getting a decision. Taylor decides enough is enough and sends the Chilean on his way.,3

Vidal goes down under pressure from Varane in the box. However, he does not get the decision from referee Taylor. He gets booked for dissent for reacting negatively to the call.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! HAZARD CONVERTS!!!! 1-0 MADRID!! The Belgian steps up in the absence of Ramos and holds his composure to slot his effort past Handanovic. The Inter keeper guesses the right way, diving to his left, but the power of the strike from Hazard allows the ball to find the back of the net.,1

Ceballos is the latest Arsenal player to be booked for a late challenge in his own half, trying to break up the Liverpool play.,2

Fifth and final Arsenal substitution now, with Saka heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Kolasinac.,0

Xhaka is booked for a late challenge on Keita, just catching the midfielder, who had nicked the ball away just in time.,2

Another Arsenal substitution now, with Cedric the man coming off and he has been replaced by Maitland-Niles.,0

The other Liverpool change sees Oxlade-Chamberlain come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Keita.,0

The second goalscorer Nelson is the third player to come off the pitch and he has been replaced by Aubameyang.,0

It's a triple substitution for Arsenal, the first change sees Torreira come off and he has been replaced by Ceballos.,0

Alexander-Arnold is now the first Liverpool player to be booked, after his high challenge on Saka down the Arsenal left. The right-back doesn't quite get to the ball in time and Saka nicks it past him.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Torreira just seconds after the restart, after his late challenge on Gomez.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal take the lead, it's 2-1! Completely against the run of play, it comes after another mistake from Liverpool at the back! Alisson plays a chipped ball out wide, which is poor and Lacazette nicks it, he sprints forward and plays it into the box to Nelson, who turns away from one defender and then fires it past Alisson.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Huge goal for Arsenal after a big mistake from Van Dijk at the back, it's 1-1! Van Dijk is chased down by Nelson, who plays the ball back to Alisson, but he doesn't see Lacazette and the striker sneaks in, rounds Alisson and fires the ball into the back of the net. The Liverpool centre-back appeals for a foul from Nelson, but nothing is given and the goal stands.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Liverpool take the lead, it's 1-0! Firmino and Roberston link up really well down the left, with the latter pulling the ball back to Mane who wanders into the six-yard box unmarked and slots the ball past Martinez and into the back of the net.,1

Thiago is clipped by Wimmer on the edge of the box and the Hannover defender goes into the book for that cynical challenge. Bayern win a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Bayern make their second change of the match as Robben replaces Coman with less than five minutes left to play. The Dutchman comes on to make his first appearance since November due to injuries and his 700th for club and country.,0

GOAL! Ribery scores for Bayern! The Frenchman is played in beautifully down the left side of the box by Coman, before cutting inside onto his right foot and stroking the ball into the bottom right corner. Esser stood no chance with that one. 3-1.,1

Bayern make their first substitution of the match as Ribery replaces Gnabry. There are less than 20 minutes left to play.  ,0

RED CARD! Despite only being on the field for 10 minutes, Jonathas is sent off! The substitute looked to catch Kimmich in the face with his arm and the referee immediately showed the Hannover striker a second yellow card.,3

GOAL! Hannover pull one back from the spot! The substitute, Jonathas, steps up to take the penalty and sends Ulreich the wrong way before placing the ball in the bottom right corner. 2-1.,1

GOAL! Goretzka doubles Bayern’s lead! Coman took the ball down the left flank before laying it off to Goretzka on the edge of the area, and the German midfielder’s effort strikes the post before finding the bottom left corner. Brilliant strike. 2-0.,1

GOAL! Bayern take the lead! Kimmich drives down the right wing before whipping a dangerous cross into the area which is met by Lewandowski in the centre of the box and the Polish striker powers his header beyond Esser and into the bottom left corner. 1-0.,1

Simeone is making a triple change here as his side try to get back into the game. Kondogbia is first to make way, with Cunha replacing him.,0

The yellow card is out again and this time it's being shown to Kondogbia. He's making a pass when Loum closes him down, and he scrapes his studs down the midfielder's shin on the follow-through.,2

Alaves break quickly on the counter following Atletico's free-kick and Trippier takes one for the team by pulling back Rioja. It earns him a yellow card.,2

Loum is late as he closes down Kondogbia and clips his heels to trip him up. He's shown a yellow card.,2

It's a clumsy challenge by Hermoso on the back of Sylla and both players end up on the ground. It's the forward that has his name taken though for dissent as he wasn't happy that he didn't get a free-kick.,2

Kondogbia had already given away a free-kick when Savic slide in late on Sylla, and the challenge earns him the first booking of the game.,2

ALAVES LEAD! Laguardia is hanging unmarked at the far post when Duarte swings the corner into the box and the defender makes a late run onto it. He rises above De Paul and thumps his header past Oblak and into the back of the net. 1-0 Alaves! ,1

GOAL! SPORTING CP 2-0 TOTTENHAM! The substitute Gomes adds insult to Tottenham's injury, reaching Paulinho's pass to skip past Emerson and inside Romero, and slot past Lloris from the left of the six-yard box.,1

Sporting make some late changes to wind the clock down. The influential Edwards departs. Gomes is his replacement.,0

GOAL! SPORTING CP 1-0 TOTTENHAM! Sporting have stolen the win at the death! Paulinho meets Pote's corner at the near post to flick it into the far bottom corner with his head.,1

The yellow cards are totting up now. Hojbjerg is the latest offender, cutting across Ugarte after misplacing a pass.,2

Tottenham make a substitution too. Son, who's been quiet by his standards, is replaced by Kulusevski.,0

Sporting make the game's first substitution. The booked Morita goes off. Alexandropoulos replaces him in central midfield.,0

Morita joins Bentancur in the book for a tactical foul on Son. The Japanese midfielder's shown some bite for Sporting.,2

Dimitrievski is taking too long over his goal-kick in the referee's opinion, so he's booked for time-wasting.,2

LEWANDOWSKI SCORES! Barcelona have one back! The striker starts the move on the right as he moves it infield to Kessie before continuing his run into the box. The substitute's shot is blocked by Valentin on the edge of the area, but Lewandowski is alert and pounces onto it, firing his volley past Dimitrievski and into the net. 2-1!,1

Final rolls of the dice for Barca here as they make a double change. Torre comes on in place of Gavi.,0

There's a double change for Barcelona as Alvaro Garcia gets back on his feet after finishing his treatment. Torres is the first to make way, with Fati on for him.,0

And Alonso is also taken off, with Alba on in his place. The left-back is already on a booking that he picked up for dissent in the first half.,0

FRAN GARCIA SCORES! Lopez tries to cut out a Barca throw-in, only for his first touch to get away from him. De Jong slides in to try and send it upfield for the visitors, but it hits Garcia, who bursts past Araujo into the box and drills his low shot past Ter Stegen. 2-0 Rayo!,1

The yellow card is out again, this time for Gavi. He goes through the back of Isi on this occasion, bringing him down with a very late challenge.,2

The ball was there to be won, but as Gavi slid in, he missed it and caught Isi instead. Barca are furious that the free-kick goes against them, and Alba gets booked for his protests from the bench.,2

Balde has drawn attention to himself again, and after pushing Isi off the side of the pitch, he has his name taken by the referee.,2

ALVARO GARCIA SCORES! It's Camello that wins the ball back this time, bundling Gavi aside to win it back high upfield. He takes it to the edge of the box before spreading it out to Garcia on the left of the box and he fizzes his low shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Rayo!,1

Emery makes his last substitution of the match by bringing on Torreira for more solidity in the Gunners midfield in place of the effervescent Saka.,0

Howe completes his round of substitutions by making a like-for-like substitution at right-back, with Francis coming on for Stacey.,0

The fluid Ceballos, who had a bright first-half before slightly fading away in the second, makes way for another young Gunner in the form of Willock.,0

Martinelli’s youthful exuberance gets him a yellow card following a clumsy challenge on Harry Wilson.,2

Howe also makes a change of his own by bringing on last season’s star player Fraser for the ineffective Solanke.,0

The Emirates faithful give Pepe a standing ovation as the new signing comes off for youngster Martinelli in his first-ever Premier League appearance.,0

Stacey makes a heavy touch with his chest as Bournemouth try to fashion something in attack, and subsequently loses the ball to Kolasinac, who he drags down in an attempt to win it back. He receives the game’s and Bournemouth’s second caution as a result.,2

Referee Atkinson hands the game’s first caution to Billing, who came in late on Guendouzi with a strong challenge.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!! DAVID LUIZ MAKES IT 1-0 TO THE GUNNERS! A really good header from the Brazil centre-back, who evades his markers in the box to nod it past Ramsdale following a good corner from Pepe!,1

Slot rolls the dice with another change in the second half, as Ueda is the latest player to enter the fray. Zerrouki makes way in midfield.,0

Feyenoord continue to search for a goal, and Slot will be hoping Milambo is the man to grab it, as he replaces Timber in the middle of the park.,0

Sarri makes an alteration in defence as Lazio look to see out the game, with Hysaj replaced by Pellegrini at the back.,0

It's a change in midfield for Lazio as Vecino, who received a booking earlier in the half, is taken off. Rovella comes on in his place.,0

Lazio look to counter-attack through Castellanos, but Wieffer wipes out the attacker and goes into the referee's book.,2

Zerrouki is the latest player to go into the referee's book as he commits a late challenge on Vecino in the middle of the pitch.,2

Feyenoord look to break through the middle of the pitch, but Vecino pulls Geertruida to the ground and is given a booking.,2

Lazio goalscorer Immobile's game is over as Sarri shuffles his pack, with Castellanos entering the fray.,0

It's a change on the wing for Lazio as Zaccagni makes way for Sarri's side. Pedro comes on in his place in a straight swap.,0

Sarri looks to add a little more solidity to the Lazio midfield as Kamada makes way for Guendouzi early in the second half.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! 1-0 LAZIO!!! The Italian side take the lead at Stadio Olimpico! Anderson finds Immobile with a perfect lofted throughball beyond the Feyenoord defence. The experienced striker shows superb composure to round the goalkeeper, before firing the ball into the back of the net! The two managers will be ripping up their half-time notes with that late first-half goal!,1

Having just scored, Burn trudges off for Botman. The Dutchman receives a warm welcome onto the pitch, having last played for Newcastle back in late September in the 8-0 win over Sheffield United.,0

With the game surely won, Howe rings the changes. Livramento has been impressive but now makes way for Ritchie.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! BURN MAKES IT 3-0!!! The defender marks his return from injury with a goal as he makes the points safe. A free-kick is cleared, but only back out to Guimaraes. With a delightful outside-of-the-boot cross, Guimaraes picks out Burn at the back post, who sees his first header saved before bundling home the rebound to put his side three goals to the good!,1

Palhinha goes in the book for dissent after disagreeing with the referee's decision to award a foul against him in midfield.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! ALMIRON MAKES IT 2-0!!! Almiron potentially puts the game to bed with one of the easiest finishes of his career. More good work from Gordon sees him slide a neat pass into the path of Wilson. The striker, Robinson and Leno all converge on the ball, though it evades all of them and runs through to Almiron. The Paraguay international makes no mistake, stroking into the empty net to put his side two goals to the good. There is a brief VAR check with Wilson potentially offside during the build-up, though the goal is eventually given!,1

Silva responds to going a goal behind with a pair of changes. The first sees Tete come on for Pereira, who has not been at his creative best here, failing to create a chance during his time on the pitch.,0

Muniz enters the fray for Castagne in an attacking change. The former Flamengo man is only just returning from a knee injury having been absent since early November.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! MILEY GIVES NEWCASTLE THE LEAD!!! What a moment for the 17-year-old as he puts the Magpies in front with his first ever goal for the senior side! Guimaraes plays a vital part, riding a couple of challenges and driving into the Fulham box. The ball eventually runs into the path of Miley, who keeps his composure to fire into the far corner and put the hosts 1-0 up at St James' Park!,1

Incredibly, Newcastle may have yet another injury issue to worry about as Joelinton is forced off. 17-year-old Miley is on his place, and the youngster has really stepped up of late in the face of so many midfield injury problems.,0

RED CARD!!! JIMENEZ IS SENT OFF!!! The VAR review rules that the striker's challenge was indeed dangerous, and Jimenez is given his marching orders. He can have little complaints after a hugely unnecessary tackle.,3

Schar does indeed limp off, and Krafth enters the field in his place. Interestingly, Howe opted for Krafth over Botman, who has not played since late September because of a knee injury.,0

GOOOAALLL! RONALDO MAKES NO MISTAKE! The 35-year-old waits for Donnarumma to dive to his left and sends the spot-kick down the middle. It’s now 35 goals for club and country for Ronaldo, who has scored in 11 successive Juve matches.,1

A third and final change for Milan. Calhanoglu has made way for Paqueta, who should give the hosts some much-needed energy in the middle.,0

Milan also make a change though this one is enforced due to Hernandez’s red card. Laxalt is on, with the goalscorer Rebic going off.,0

RED CARD! Hernandez has been sent off! What a huge blow that is for Milan. The full-back received a caution for dissent earlier on and now has picked up his second booking after going in late on Dybala. How costly could that be for the hosts?,3

A second Juve change sees De Sciglio, who was partly at fault for the goal, replaced by Higuain. Cuadrado will drop back to right-back, with Dybala switching to the right wing.,0

Milan break, with Ibrahimovic finding Castillejo. However, his cross is blocked and, as the Spaniard looks to win the ball back, he then fouls Alex Sandro, earning a booking. That will mean he misses the second leg.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL! Buffon is beaten this time! Rebic has got the goal, continuing his fine form with a brilliant finish on the volley from Castillejo’s cross. Buffon got down, but just couldn’t reach it. Milan lead 1-0!,1

Excellent skill from Dybala who, having got back to help out his defence, scampers away from a defender before drawing a robust challenge from Kessie which sees the Ivory Coast international go into the book.,2

Calhanoglu’s free-kick is blocked by the wall. Milan keep up the pressure but Dybala intervenes. Hernandez is convinced there was a foul on Bennacer, but his appeals fall on death ears and he receives a booking for his protests.,2

Now there’s a yellow card for a Juve player, with Ramsey going into the book for tripping up Hernandez. Take the official’s count of yellows up to 66 for the season.,2

Well, the first booking is out now and it goes to Ibrahimovic, who was adjudged to have fouled De Ligt. It means the striker will miss the second leg.,2

Neymar is off too! PSG down to eight men, Marseille down to nine. The referee checked Neymar's on the VAR screen.,3

Paredes is the fourth player sent off, both teams now down to nine men. His shove on Benedetto kicked the whole thing off.,3

Strootman is booked for a foul on the halfway line. He reacts with a thumbs-up, because that's a few more seconds gone.,2

Payet has taken an absolute battering for his team tonight, and he's earned a rest. Radonjic comes on in his place.,0

Germain comes on to replace Thauvin, whose first-half goal is the difference between the teams right now.,0

Now Di Maria is booked, the latest man to make a really poor tackle on Payet. He rubbed salt in PSG's wounds after the Champions League final, and it looks as though they didn't like it.,2

Strootman comes on for Lopez, with Benedetto taking over up front. Two of Marseille's booked players have now been taken off, which is probably wise.,0

Tuchel follows suit with his first change, taking off Herrera and bringing on some added guile in Draxler.,0

Thauvin leads a Marseille counter-attack with a super driving run through the middle after Neymar's free-kick is cleared, and Bernat is booked for pulling him down just inside the PSG half.,2

Alvaro is booked for tripping Di Maria just - just! - on the edge of the area. Neymar screams for a penalty, but it's a good position for the free-kick, right at the left corner of the box.,2

Pape Gueye is booked for a tackle on Neymar, and it's really harsh. The midfielder made a superb challenge, and Neymar ended up rolling around on the ground after landing on his opponent's ankle as he jumped. ,2

GOOOALLL! From out of nowhere, Marseille lead 1-0, it's Thauvin! Payet hangs a delicious free-kick into the area from deep, nobody follows Thauvin and he sweeps home beautifully at the near post on the volley! There's a lengthy VAR check for offside, but it's given!,1

Now Florenzi is booked for a late tackle on Amavi as he looked to get away down the left. This is heating up already!,2

There are some afters following that tackle and referee Jerome Brisard books Neymar and Payet for their part in instigating it.,2

Sakai gets the first yellow card of the game for a late sliding tackle on Neymar, 10 yards outside the area and just over to the left. It could well be in shooting range...,2

GOAL!!! STERLING GETS HIS HAT-TRICK IN BIZARRE FASHION!! David Silva lofts a lovely ball forward and Sterling tries to flick it over the head of Dunk. The Brighton captain gets his head on it first and tries to play it back to his keeper, but there's confusion in the Seagulls defence as Ryan comes charging out and Sterling goes to ground, managing to nod the ball goalwards past the Australian on his way down. Burn tries desperately to clear it off the line, but he can only ping it in off the base of the post! It's now 5-0 to City!,1

Fernandinho also comes on to replace Rodri. It's a rare chance for the Brazilian to play in his preferred defensive midfield role, having spent much of the season at centre-back to cover for injuries.,0

The game suffers further disruption as Guardiola makes a double-switch. Stones replaces Garcia alongside Laporte at the heart of the defence.,0

Jahanbakhsh takes to the field in place of Trossard, who came close to levelling the scores in the first half. ,0

David Silva takes both De Bruyne's place in midfield and the captain's armband as the Belgian departs the field.,0

Jesus does not look pleased at being brought off for Foden, with Guardiola making changes now the game looks to be wrapped up.,0

Potter responds to his side conceding a fourth by making a triple substitution. It may be a little too late to affect the scoreline in a meaningful way, but Lamptey replaces Montoya at right-back in the first change.,0

GOAL!!! SILVA MAKES IT FOUR!! The Portuguese's first effort was saved by Ryan and Jesus couldn't latch onto the rebound as Dunk dived to intervene. It found its way back to Silva in space inside the box, however, and he made no mistake with the finish the second time, slotting into the bottom-left corner! It's now 4-0 to City!,1

GOAL!!! STERLING HEADS HOME HIS SECOND!! Mendy wins the ball high up on the left and finds Sterling to his right. The winger squares for De Bruyne, who drives to the edge of the box and finds Mahrez, who cuts onto his left and lofts in a superb cross that Sterling heads emphatically home at the back post! It's 3-0 to City now!,1

GOAL!!! JESUS DOUBLES CITY'S LEAD!! Rodri heads the resulting corner towards the back post where Jesus is waiting to scramble home past Ryan! The striker has got himself into plenty of good positions this evening and finally has a goal to show for it. It's 2-0 to Manchester City now!,1

GOAL!!! STERLING FIRES CITY AHEAD!! The ball is worked quickly into the feet of Jesus and the striker links up with Sterling on the edge of the box. The winger cuts inside and calmly slots his shot into the bottom-right corner past a diving Ryan! It's 1-0 to City! ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WILSON SCORES WITH HIS FIRST TOUCH!!!! 6-1!!!!!!! Newcastle score their sixth as Wilson converts from close range after Almiron's strike is blocked. Almiron collects in space on the edge of the Spurs box and drives inside before firing at goal. His effort is charged down, but the deflection falls perfectly for Wilson to sweep past Forster into the bottom-right corner.,1

Murphy is also replaced after his two goals in the first half set the Magpies on their way. Almiron replaces the winger.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! KANE GETS ONE BACK!!!!! 5-1!!! Kane displays his class with a brilliant run down the left flank and finish into the bottom-right corner. He collects Hojbjerg's pass and surges away from Schar into the inside-left channel. Kane shoots low and hard beats Pope to reduce the deficit to four goals.,1

Skipp charges in on Guimaraes and he gets booked for the challenge, which leaves the Newcastle man on the deck.,2

Sarr is withdrawn, but it could have been any defender for the visitors. Sanchez, who was booed last week, enters the action.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! WOW!!!!! ISAK MAKES IT FIVE!!!!!!! Newcastle are running absoutely riot in St James' Park and Isak has his second. The Magpies work the ball around the final third before Isak collects and hammers his strike through Lloris. The keeper gets a hand to the ball and should keep it out, but he fails to prevent it finding the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! ISAK MAKES IT FOUR!!!!! 4-0!!!! WHAT IS GOING ON!!! Newcastle score their fourth inside 20 minutes as Willock releases Isak with a brilliant pass behind the Spurs defence before the Swede applies the perfect finish. Willock produces a special offload with the outside of his boot and Isak takes it in stride and fires low and hard into the bottom-left corner.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!! MURPHY LAUNCHES A SUPER STRIKE INTO THE TOP-LEFT CORNER!!!!! 3-0 NEWCASTLE!!!!! Newcastle and Murphy are in dreamland as the winger blasts a strike from 25 yards past Lloris. Son loses the ball all too easily to Schar and the loose ball falls to Murphy. He powers a right-footed strike at goal that soars away from the Spurs keeper into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JOELINTON MAKES IT TWO IN SIX MINUTES!!!!! 2-0!!!!! The Magpies extend their lead through a simple strike from Joelinton. It's awful defending from Spurs as one diagonal ball over the top from Schar finds Joelinton in stride. He takes a sublime first touch, rounds Lloris and places his effort into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MURPHY HANDS NEWCASTLE THE PERFECT START!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Murphy is on hand at the back post to hammer home on the reboun after Joelinton's strike is saved by Lloris. Spurs afford Joelinton acres of space and time on the left flank and he cuts inside to shoot on his right foot. Lloris makes the stop, but fails to push it far enough away from goal, allowing Murphy to pounce and hammer his effort into the roof of the net.,1

Ancelotti makes a double change as his side try to find an important away goal in the tie. Ruiz is the first player to make way and he is replaced by Ounas.,0

Emery makes his final change of the match now as he brings on Elneny for Torreira who did seem to be struggling with an injury not too long ago. ,0

It's a double change for Arsenal now. First to come off is Ozil, who hasn't been able to get onto the ball too often and he is replaced by Mkhitaryan. ,0

Hysaj receives the first yellow card of the game early in the second half after a bad challenge on Lacazette. ,2

RAMSEY GIVES ARSENAL THE LEAD! It was great build-up play from Arsenal after Napoli gave the ball away and after some quick passes, Maitland-Niles found Ramsey who calmly slotted the ball past the goalkeeper and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

GOOOAAAAAALLL!! 3-0 BOURNEMOUTH!! The Cherries have looked to keep possession in the final few minutes of the game, but Sinisterra had other ideas! Brooks feeds him the ball on the left, and he cuts back onto his right, before unleashing from range. He takes aim from outside of the penalty area, and the ball flies into the top corner. Leno had no chance!,1

Silva makes another alteration and it's a straight swap in midfield. Cairney comes off with Lukic his replacement.,0

Fulham make an attacking change as they try and get back into the game, with Vinicius coming on for Pereira.,0

De Cordova-Reid's game is over as Silva goes in search of a goal. Wilson is the player to replace him.,0

Bournemouth's first change sees Sinisterra come on for Semenyo, who is yet to complete a 90 minutes this season in the Premier League.,0

GOOOOAAAAALLL! 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Solanke dispatches the penalty with ease. Leno attempted to distract the Bournemouth players before the penalty was taken, leading to him receiving a yellow card. The English striker stepped up and sent the Fulham goalkeeper the wrong way, doubling the Cherries' lead!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! It's an absolutely superb assist from Scott, who did everything in the build-up to that goal. The former Bristol City midfielder dances through multiple challenges in the midfield before bursting into the penalty area. He lays the ball into the path of Kluivert, who squeezes a strike into the back of the net! Leno should do better, but the Cherries won't mind!,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!! JESUS MAKES IT 7-0!! An absolute mauling at the hands of the Citizens, who tiki-taka their way around the Schalke box before Bernardo Silva finds Jesus in space before the latter curls a low effort which slides underneath Fahrmann’s outstretched arms and into the back of the net! Guardiola’s men are now 10-2 ahead on aggregate, and a message has been duly sent to Europe’s footballing heavyweights!,1

GOOOOAAALLL!! FODEN BAGS HIS FIRST IN EUROPE!! Another great move by City as Leroy Sane dances around his namesake Salif before threading a cute pass towards the youngster, who calmly rounds Fahrmann and slides the ball into the back of an empty net to make it 6-0 for his side, who are now 9-2 up on aggregate!,1

Guardiola hooks off Laporte, bringing on Delph for his final change of the match as he looks to rest his key players with the tie all but won.,0

GOOOAAALLLL!!! BERNARDO SILVA MAKES IT FIVE!! The Portugal playmaker caps off an excellent team move by City, starting with Foden who plays in Zinchenko out on the wing who then passes to Leroy Sane, and the Germany winger’s subsequent cut-back finds the onrushing Bernardo Silva who drives it low into the bottom left-corner of Fahrmann’s goal! It’s now 5-0 to the rampant Citizens, who are also 8-2 up on aggregate!,1

That was Embolo's last act of the game, as he comes off to be replaced by Skrzybski for Tedesco's first substitution.,0

Embolo initially gets the better of Zinchenko only for the full-back to retaliate by barging into the back of the Schalke forward. The Ukrainian gets himself booked for his troubles.,2

Aguero also comes off to the applause of the Etihad, as he also makes way to be replaced by Jesus up top.,0

Guardiola begins his round of substitutions, starting by bringing off David Silva in place of the young Foden.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! STERLING GETS HIMSELF ON THE SCORESHEET! Leroy Sane turns from scorer to provider as he switches play out on the other wing and finds the England man in the Schalke box, who hits a first-time effort past Fahrmann and into the back of the net! VAR is called for again after Sterling was alleged to have been offside, but the goal stands and City are now 4-0 up and 7-2 ahead on aggregate!,1

Despite taking down Embolo and earning himself a booking for it, Danilo comes off worse after the challenge as he is looked at by medics for a stray boot in his eyelid. Blood continues to trickle from the defender’s eyelid, and he comes off the pitch for treatment to continue.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!! CITY ARE NOW 3-0 AHEAD! Zinchenko slides a pin-point throughball towards Leroy Sane who speeds past McKennie and the ex-Schalke winger scores his 14th goal of the season to put his side 6-2 ahead on aggregate!,1

GOOOAAAALLL!! CITY ARE RUNNING AWAY WITH THIS NOW! Gundogan again the orchestrator as his weighted pass reaches Sterling in the box, and the winger manages to outmuscle his marker before cutting it back towards the onrushing Aguero who stays on his feet despite intense defensive pressure to score past Fahrmann! And despite having to wait an awfully long time for VAR to confirm it, Guardiola’s men are now 2-0 up and 5-2 ahead on aggregate!,1

GOOOOAAALLL!! CITY FINALLY GET THEIR GOAL! Cool as you like by Aguero, who leaves Fahrmann stranded as the ball is chipped down the middle and nestles into the back of the net! 1-0 to City, and now 4-2 on aggregate as they have one foot in the Champions League quarter-finals!,1

PENALTY TO CITY! The Etihad erupts after Bruma is ruled to have fouled Bernardo Silva as the latter tried to get on the end of an exquisite chipped pass by Gundogan! The Schalke players surround Turpin and after consulting his colleagues via his earpiece, the decision stands and the hosts have a great chance to strengthen their grip on this tie!,2

The last of the available substitutions sees Chadli on for Tekdemir, who has successfully walked the tightrope after his early booking yesterday.,0

Gulbrandsen is off for Basaksehir having missed those early chances to give his side a surprise lead. Teenager Emre takes his place.,0

And the third and final PSG switch sees Kimpembe, who had taken the armband in Marquinhos' absence, off for Diallo.,0

Marquinhos is making way for PSG. He is so key to their hopes and appeared to pick up a knock moments earlier, indicating to a bruise on his hip. On comes Kehrer.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! MBAPPE! 5-1! A fifth PSG goal felt inevitable from the moment Basaksehir got one back. The visitors kept trying to attack and are now picked off on the break again. Neymar sends Di Maria through and the substitute squares to Mbappe for a simple finish into an open goal. Too easy.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! TOPAL! Basaksehir get one back. It is a fortunate goal as Kahveci's powerful blast from just inside the area following a corner bounces off Topal's knee and beyond Navas.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! NEYMAR HAT-TRICK! It is another supreme strike! The forward again cuts in from the left and lashes a brilliant 20-yard drive beyond Gunok. This is no less than the former Barcelona man deserves.,1

There is no let up from PSG. They are coasting but now introduce Di Maria in place of Rafinha for the second half.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! MBAPPE! THE DROUGHT IS OVER! Mbappe had not scored in the Champions League all year, but Neymar, on a hat-trick, allows his team-mate to take the penalty and get his campaign up and running. A calm finish beats Gunok for 3-0!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! NEYMAR AGAIN! From a Basaksehir corner, PSG break and Rafinha profits on a lucky bounce on halfway. The ball evades Ozcan, allowing Rafinha to feed Mbappe, who in turns sets up Neymar. A low shot is half-blocked by Gunok, but the ball squirms over the line. 2-0!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! NEYMAR! What a goal! 1-0 PSG! This is a beauty. The PSG forward takes the ball from Verratti 25 yards from goal, quickly turns and knocks it through the legs of Ponck, and then curls a delightful finish into the top-right corner.,1

Another early yellow card now, this time it is shown to Rafael after the right-back stops Bakker in his tracks as he flicked the ball past him.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Tekdemir after a couple of kicks out at Neymar and he brings the striker down.,2

Barca break from the corner and Alba finds Dembele with a cross-field pass. Le Normand hacks the Frenchman down and is quite rightly booked.,2

Dembele is the first player into the book as he is penalised for a challenge just outside his own box.,2

GOAL! SOCIEDAD ARE LEVEL! Oyarzabal steps up and makes no mistake, giving Ter Stegen the eyes before slotting it into the opposite corner. Game on! 1-1!,1

GOAL! BARCELONA LEAD 1-0! With Sociedad's defence shifting deeper and deeper, they've been made to pay. Griezmann has space on the left to pick out De Jong whose loopy header is perfectly placed in the far corner. 1-0!,1

Taarabt is shown the yellow card for waving at Busquets. Barca take the free-kick but there's no time for them to do anything with it! That's it!,2

Vlachodimos is shown the yellow card for taking too long over the goal-kick. Barca fans had been baying for it for a while.,2

Here's that Barca substitution. Dembele replaces Demir, the game's brightest spark in the first half.,0

Benfica decide now's the right time to make changes. The Uruguayan striker Nunez replaces Yaremchuk up front.,0

Pique tugs Yaremchuk's shirt and isn't dealt with firmly enough in Joao Mario's book. The midfielder winds up in the book himself for questioning the referee's judgment.,2

Brewster is the next to make way, with Burke providing fresh legs up front for the final 15 minutes of normal time.,0

Heckingbottom makes a double-change now as he looks for an equalising goal. Osborn is the first to go off, with an extra striker in Mousset coming on.,0

Podence is the first Wolves player to go into the book now, as he's penalised for his challenge on Brewster.,2

GOAL!!! WOLVES TAKE THE LEAD!! Traore races down the right and jinks into space before fizzing a low cross into the six-yard box that Willian Jose turns home! Relegation looms for Sheffield United now. It's 1-0 to Wolves!,1

There's a coming-together between Brewster and Ait-Nouri as the latter tries to win the ball and stands on the former's foot, but is simultaneously taken out by the Sheffield United striker. Both players are down and in pain. Only Brewster goes into the book, however, with the Wolves left-back somewhat fortunate to escape serious disciplinary action. The VAR has not intervened.,2

ROMA FIND THE LATE EQUALISER! 2-2! Dybala’s outswinging corner is met cleanly by Ndicka, who heads the ball forward into the six-yard box for Abraham. The forward latches onto the opportunity and buries his chance from close range, with the Napoli defenders looking around helplessly! The strike was initially chalked off for offside on the Giallorossi striker, but after a review, it will stand!,1

Traore is on the pitch for just 19 minutes before he is replaced, in what appears to be a tactical change. Ostigard comes on, with Napoli looking to secure the result.,0

Looking to keep Roma from building late momentum, Napoli also make a substitution, with Kvaratskhelia protected. Raspadori gets just under five minutes to stretch his legs.,0

With no other option, De Rossi is forced to make an attacking change with four minutes to go. Kristensen is the man sacrificed, allowing Baldanzi to enter the fray.,0

ADVANTAGE NAPOLI! 2-1! Osimhen steps up with confidence and hits a powerful strike from the spot that leaves Svilar with no chance!,1

Anguissa leaves his leg out intentionally and trips up Dybala, which earns the Napoli midfielder a yellow card.,2

The referee shows the first yellow card of the game with a quarter of an hour to go, as Rrahmani is booked for a late tackle from behind on Dybala.,2

Cajuste comes off six minutes after providing the assist for Olivera's goal, with Traore trusted to see out the remainder of the game.,0

OLIVERA LEVELS THE SCORE WITH A BIT OF LUCK! 1-1! Olivera plays a pass into the feet of Cajuste, who manages to get there just ahead of Mancini, sending the centre-back to the ground in the process. The Napoli full-back once again controls the ball and gets into the penalty area before hitting a shot that takes a tremendously helpful deflection off Kristensen, before looping over the head of a diving Svilar!,1

Roma make a defensive change immediately after taking the lead, with El Shaarawy replaced by Angelino.,0

DYBALA MAKES NO MISTAKE! 1-0! The World Cup winner steps up from 12 yards out and uses his left foot to guide the penalty past the outstretched arm of Meret, who guessed correctly!,1

Newerton, who had a second-half strike ruled out for offside, leaves the pitch as Pusic sends on Shved.,0

Sikan has worked tirelessly up top, scoring the only goal of the game so far, but injury calls for the end of his outing. Kelsy is on up top for the hosts.,0

Raphinha also makes way after failing to create a chance or a shot on target. Yamal is on in his place.,0

Torres drags well wide of the target with a poor right-footed effort and that will be his last contribution. The Spain winger comes off for Joao Felix.,0

Araujo gets too carried away with his run forward as the centre-back smashes into Rakitskyi with a clattering sliding challenge. The Barcelona defender becomes the first name in the referee’s book.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! SHAKHTAR TAKE AN UNLIKELY LEAD! Sudakov plays an exquisite pass out to the right-hand side, where Gocholeishvili has acres of space to curl a right-footed cross towards the penalty spot. Sikan looks to have got in the wrong position but stoops backwards to head back towards the top-right corner. Ter Stegen has no chance and Pusic’s side go 1-0 up!,1

Gimenez is the next player to be booked after synically bringing down Cucurella who was on the break. ,2

Savic is booked after throwing his arm out at a Getafe forward. The ball was already out of play so that could prove a costly mistake from the defender later in the match. ,2

Rodriguez gets the first booking of the evening as he hacks down Lemar as Atletico looked to counter-attack. ,2

GOOOAALLLLLL!!! 1-0. SUAREZ!!!!!! It’s a lovely goal from Atletico Madrid. From the free kick, Carrasco whips in a delightful cross and there’s Suarez to find the far bottom corner of Yanez’ goal with a deft header from 15 yards out. The hosts take an early lead.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! It's four!!! Vinicius is put into space down the left and he dribbles across the byline. He waits for Benzema to arrive and finds him, with the Frenchman slotting a routine goal underneath Lopez and into the back of the net!! 4-0, and it's party time at the Bernabeu!,1

Two-goal scorer Rodrygo comes off to one hell of an ovation, and he's replaced by his Brazil compatriot Vinicius Junior.,0

It's not been De Tomas's ay in front of goal, and the former Real Madrid academy player is replaced by Wu Lei.,0

Casemiro also comes off having picked up a yellow card, and Isco will replace him for the rest of the game.,0

The first of a triple substitution for Madrid sees Modric come off for his long-time midfield associate Toni Kroos.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! Real strike again!!! With Vidal down in back-play, Camavinga sets off on the counter and waits for the run of Asensio. He picks him out with a perfect pass and the forward slots it beyond Lopez, and into the far corner to make it 3-0!!! The Madridstas are on fire here, and the title is all but theirs!,1

Casemiro wipes out De Tomas as he looks to come forward, and it's really not a good challenge from the Brazilian. He's rightfully booked for that sliding challenge.,2

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! Real double the lead!!! Vidal's pass to Herrera puts him under all sorts of pressure. He loses out to Mariano, and the ball comes to Rodrygo, who sends Lopez the wrong way to slot it into the bottom-left corner! 2-0 to Real, and already this looks like game over!,1

Mariano catches Cabrera in the face with his forearm as the two contest a high ball, and the Madrid striker is give the game's first yellow card.,2

GOOOAAALLLLL!!! Real take the lead!!! Modric plays it out to Rodrygo, who finds Marcelo centrally. The winger continues his run into the area and gets the ball back, before slotting it into the far corner to put Real into a 1-0 lead!,1

Madrid's attack breaks down and Athletic race upfield on the counter. Modric cannily stops Inaki Williams in his tracks to concede a free-kick. The Croatian is booked for the blatant tactical foul.,2

Athletic make a change at half-time. De Marcos replaces Lekue. Vinicius gave the right-back a torrid time in the first half.,0

Lekue lands his name in the book for a poorly timed challenge on Vinicius. Athletic risk losing their cool before half-time.,2

GOAL! REAL MADRID 1-0 ATHLETIC BILBAO! Benzema gives Madrid the lead with a poacher's finish! Madrid's slick build-up play leads to Simon saving Asensio's shot. The Athletic keeper can only parry it to Modric who miskicks the rebound. It lands nicely for the Frenchman who prods it into the net.,1

Zarraga is shown the game's first yellow card for arriving late on Vinicius after the ball has gone. It's a clumsy challenge and a deserved booking.,2

GOALL!! 2-1 WOLVES! AIT-NOURI! Ait-Nouri scores a late winner for Wolves! Traore uses his pace to break into the box and he has three players to aim for. He finds Ait-Nouri, who takes a touch before firing past Pickford!,1

Godfrey comes onto the pitch for goalscorer Mina, who seems to have a problem with his right hamstring.,0

GOALL!! 1-1 WOLVES! PODENCE! Podence equalises for Wolves after a well-worked set-piece routine! Podence takes a short corner to Neves, who chips the ball into Moutinho on the edge of the box. The midfielder spots the run of his winger and picks him out perfectly for the equaliser!,1

GOALL!!! 1-0 EVERTON! MINA! Mina heads Everton into the lead! Gray takes an in-swinging corner for the hosts and Mina bodies Bueno to the ground before glancing the ball past Sa.,1

Milinkovic-Savic leaves the field to a huge round of applause, with Basic now on for the final few minutes.,0

WHAT A GOAL - LAZIO 4-0 MILAN - Simply incredible football from Lazio as they add a fourth through Anderson. Zaccagni ran towards the goalline before cutting the ball back for Luis Alberto. The Lazio ace did so well to disguise his pass, and while Milan expected him to go to the edge of the box, he sliced his ball through the gap to Anderson. The former West Ham ace did the rest, picking out the bottom corner with ease.,1

GOAAALLLL - LAZIO 3-0 MILAN - Luis Alberto makes no mistake from the spot, lifting the ball into the middle of the goal, while Milan goalkeeper Tatarusanu dived to his right.,1

Kjaer is the latest player to be booked after he smashed his way into the back of Anderson to stop a Lazio attack.,2

GOAAALL - LAZIO 2-0 MILAN - Zaccagni doubles Lazio's advantage from close range and Milan are in real trouble now. Marusic did all the hard work for his team-mate, with the full-back running into the box before seeing his shot clip the inside of the far post. Thankfully for Lazio, Zaccagni was in the right place at the right time, and he tapped in from point-blank range.,1

Milinkovic-Savic joins Bennacer in the referee's book after the officials claim he obstructed Leao, who had tried to start a counter-attack.,2

Bennacer is shown a yellow card after booting the ball away, just seconds after the referee had awarded Lazio a free-kick.,2

GOAAALLL - LAZIO 1-0 MILAN - Lazio might have been slow out of the blocks, but they are certainly clinical as they open the scoring through Milinkovic-Savic. Zaccagni was allowed to glide down the left wing before crossing towards his team-mate. His low ball somehow avoided three or four players from both sides before Milinkovic-Savic slotted home into the far corner.,1

Make that a double change for Rotherham, as Palmer is on for Williams. Both managers have now made all three subs available to them.,0

Warne brings on Wood in place of Vyner for the final minute or so of the match, possibly to eat up some more seconds.,0

GOOOOAAALLL! MAN CITY 7-0 ROTHERHAM! The seventh goal arrives with five minutes still to play at the Etihad Stadium, matching Tottenham's result against Tranmere a couple of days ago. Gundogan is again involved, exchanging passes with Sane, who gets away from Ajayi and blasts the ball down the middle from outside the box. A deflection helps it over Rodak.,1

GOOOAALLLL!! MAN CITY 6-0 ROTHERHAM! Gundogan completes his hat-trick of assists by sending a corner towards the front post, where Otamendi - far from a regular goalscorer - is waiting to power the ball past Rodak with his head.,1

Stones, one of three players to start both the Liverpool match and this one, is taken off with 15 minutes to play. Danilo will slot into the backline.,0

Raggett is brought on for Taylor in the visiting side's first change of the match. A defender for a winger, which says it all.,0

GOOAAALLL! MAN CITY 5-0 ROTHERHAM! Mahrez adds his name to the scoresheet with a good finish through the legs of Rodak. The Algeria winger exchanges passes with Gundogan and keeps his composure with just the goalkeeper to beat. Rotherham cannot deal with their opponents' quick passing.,1

Sandler is brought on for his Man City debut, taking over from De Bruyne. The man making way has been brilliant today, despite missing another couple of weeks through injury.,0

Sane will be given a little over half an hour to add his name to the scoresheet, taking over from Sterling out wide. Guardiola clearly has no sympathy for the visitors.,0

GOOOALLL!! MAN CITY 4-0 ROTHERHAM! With seven minutes of the second half played, Jesus gets the goal that he was desperately after. Sterling creates it by powering past Vyner down City's left and teeing up his team-mate for the simplest of finishes from a few yards out.,1

GOOOAAALLL!! MAN CITY 2-0 ROTHERHAM! The home side score what could well be a killer second goal, and it is Foden who scores it for only his second goal in senior football. It was a bit of a fluke, in truth, as the youngster miscontrols Gundogan's ball over the top, knocking it against his knee with a poor first touch, but it trickles past Rodak.,1

Goalscorer Sterling joins Wiles in the referee's book for a strong challenge on Smith. The England winger argues that he got some of the ball, but you always run the risk of being cautioned when you lunge in from the side.,2

Wiles is the first player to be cautioned today for tug on Sterling's shirt. The England winger is looking very lively on the left flank and already has a goal to his name. ,2

GOOOAAALLL!! MAN CITY 1-0 ROTHERHAM! The home side score the goal that their early dominance deserves. De Bruyne and Sterling exchange passes and the latter shifts the ball onto his right, before calmly guiding it past Rodak.,1

Norwich over-commit forward and Nketiah goes hunting on the counter-attack. Stiepermann commits a cynical foul to put a stop to it. That's a yellow card all day long.,2

Vrancic receives a yellow card for bringing down Willock. Norwich's best hope now is for a consolation goal.,2

Aubameyang's game is over. Two goals and an assist isn't a bad haul for him. Pepe takes the place of Arsenal's captain.,0

GOAL! 4-0 ARSENAL! The corner comes in and Norwich don't fully clear it. Cedric fires towards goal and it takes a slight deflection to guide it past Krul and into the net! That's a goal on his Arsenal debut!,1

Arsenal use this opportunity to make changes of their own. Lacazette has been quiet today. Nketiah comes on for him up front.,0

Norwich's second change in this substitution window sees Rupp go off. He's replaced by the silky Bosnian Vrancic.,0

GOAL! 3-0 ARSENAL! It's another gift from Norwich. Drmic plays a blind pass and loses possession. Aubameyang capitalises, rolling a shot into the bottom left corner.,1

Daniel Farke isn't messing around. Norwich make a triple change at half-time. First off is Buendía who's replaced by Hernandez.,0

GOAL! 2-0 ARSENAL! Arsenal are getting into their groove now. Xhaka slips into the box and finds the bottom left corner from Aubameyang's cut-back.,1

GOAL! 1-0 ARSENAL! Calamity at the back for Norwich! Krul takes a fraction too long to clear a routine pass back. Aubameyang nips in to steal the ball and slots it into the net. That was too easy.,1

Meanwhile, the experienced Milner replaces Keita, who contributed enormously to the third goal with his superb ball to Diaz.,0

Gomez is on for Alexander-Arnold for Liverpool, as Klopp looks to see out the dying moments of this game.,0

GOAAAAALLLL! IT'S GAME OVER AS LIVERPOOL GET A THIRD! Former Porto man Diaz has surely put this game beyond his old Portuguese rivals, racing onto a brilliant ball from Keita before rounding the keeper and rolling the ball home from a tight angle. A huge goal for the Reds!,1

Former West Ham man Mario replaces Ramos as Benfica's number 10 as the hosts look for a route back to parity.,0

Ukrainian attacker Yaremchuk is the next man to enter the fray for the hosts, replacing Everton, who missed their best chance to level the score.,0

Meite is the first Benfica substitute to enter the action, replacing former Queens Park Rangers man Taarabt in the hosts' midfield.,0

Taarabt is the first Benfica man to enter the book, tripping Keita as the Liverpool midfielder looks to accelerate through midfield.,2

Meanwhile, Firmino replaces Mane in Liverpool's third substitution, as the visitors refresh their attacking lineup.,0

It’s the skipper Henderson who enters the action first for Liverpool, replacing Thiago as Klopp tries to regain control of the midfield.,0

The first yellow card of the game goes to Thiago, who cynically hacks Silva down before the winger can escape down the right wing.,2

GOAAAALLL! WE HAVE A GAME IN LISBON! Konate, who has been brilliant all game, is at fault as the Eagles claw a goal back! The Liverpool defender completely misses Silva's low cross, and Nunez is there to finish neatly past Allison! 2-1!,1

GOOOAAAALLL! An absolutely stunning second goal for Liverpool, and its Mane who claims the final touch! Taarabt lost the ball in midfield, and Alexander-Arnold's raking pass was headed across goal by Diaz, where Mane was waiting to tap home! 2-0 to the Reds!,1

GOALLL! Liverpool take the lead in Lisbon! Robertson's left-wing corner is met with a bullet header from Konate, who was left completely unmarked by Benfica and powered his header into the bottom-right corner.,1

Balanta is booked after a slide tackle on Forsberg. He could've gone in the book three or four times over in this game.,2

And Brugge are in front! Vanaken manages to send a deep cross from Mata back across goal and Rits is there to put it in the back of the net to make it 2-1.,1

The goal will stand and it's 1-1! De Ketalaere bursts down the left and gets to the byline, teasing Gulacsi out of his goal. De Ketalaere just managed to dig a ball back into the box, where Vanaken was waiting to finish into an empty net.,1

After the VAR check, the goal is given! It's Nkunku who has put his side in front after finishing past Mignolet. There was confusion in the Brugge defence due to them thinking there was an offside as Forsberg played it to Nkunku, and although the goal was initially ruled out it has now been given.,1

Southampton are making their final changes now. Elyounoussi is the first to go off, with Diallo on for him.,0

City are making a triple change, swapping out some of their defensive players. Cancelo is the first to go off, with Zinchenko on for him.,0

MAHREZ SCORES! It's a lovely cross from Cancelo with the outside of his boot again to get it into Gundogan, and he squares it to Mahrez on the right of the box. He knocks it around Salisu before slotting the ball low into the bottom corner, giving Forster no chance. 4-1 City!,1

FODEN SCORES! It's played between a triangle of City players down the right as they try to open up Southampton and De Bruyne's chipped pass is blocked by Salisu. Foden is in the right place to nick it off him, and he brings it down before rifling an effort past Forster and into the back of the net. 3-1 City!,1

Steffen is dawdling over a free-kick and after getting a warning off the referee, he's booked for time-wasting.,2

City are making a double change of their own as well. Jesus' late involvement was the winning of the spot-kick as Mahrez comes on in his place.,0

Southampton were readying a double change before the penalty was taken, and it's happening now they're behind. Adam Armstrong goes off with Adams on for him.,0

DE BRUYNE SCORES! He takes a short run-up to the spot and he fires it low into the bottom left corner. Forster dives the right way and is so close to getting a hand to it, but the ball rolls under him and into the back of the net. 2-1 City!,1

STERLING SCORES! It's switched from left to right by City and Stephens makes a mess of clearing Jesus' cross. The Brazilian reacts quickly and touches the loose ball to Sterling in the middle of the box. Forster rushes out, but Sterling coolly slots it in. 1-0 City!,1

GOAL! BRUNO FERNANDES RESTORES MANCHESTER UNITED'S LEAD! 2-1! Edinson Cavani makes that instant impact, drifting a neat throughball into the box for the Portuguese to snap up and drill into the far bottom corner. The Red Devils are back on top!,1

Now Edinson Cavani arrives, as the third of Manchester United's changes, with Martial the man who indeed makes way.,0

Trouble for United now as Lindelof pulls up with a back problem. Axel Tuanzebe is promptly thrown on to replace him, which suggests this is a niggle the defender has been playing with all game.,0

Maddison plays the set-piece short and Rashford immediately batters it away. Fernandes is straight down the middle on the counter and the Foxes' number 10 picks up a booking for trimming him down in his stride.,2

Before the corner will be taken, United ring their first change of the day, with Paul Pogba on in place of James.,0

Fernandes gets booked for a foolish shove on Evans as he attempts to prevent a quick free-kick from Leicester.,2

GOAL! HARVEY BARNES WITH A CORKER FOR LEICESTER CITY! 1-1! Fernandes gets caught in midfield and the Foxes man comes up with possession. He makes two steps in and smashes a corker in at the left post from outside the box. Superb stuff to equalise.,1

GOAL! MARCUS RASHFORD PUTS MANCHESTER UNITED AHEAD! 1-0! For all that Leicester possession, it is the visitors who strike first. From a throw-in, James squares a ball in, Fernandes gets the slightest touch to tee the England man up and he slots home past Schmeichel.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! LUTON 3-4 ARSENAL!!!! This is incredible!! In the seventh minute of stoppage time, Rice outjumps Osho and heads Odegaard's exquisite cross into the bottom corner to surely win it for Arsenal. The Gunners have thrown everything at this and have been duly rewarded.,1

Martinelli has performed well for Arsenal today, but he is replaced by Trossard with around 25 minutes to go.,0

The substitutions are coming thick and fast now. Kiwior is off and Zinchenko on in the first of Arsenal's changes.,0

Luton make a triple substitution with an hour played. Top-scoring striker Morris is on for Adebayo up top in the first of those.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!!! LUTON 3-3 ARSENAL! What a game!! Jesus is being dragged down by Mengi but retains his balance and flicks the ball into the path of Havertz, who gets his leg to the ball ahead of Kaminski to get Arsenal back on level terms.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! LUTON 3-2 ARSENAL!! The hosts lead! Townsend decides against shooting and instead plays it back to Barkley towards the left. The former Everton midfielder steps over the ball and fires an angled drive on target that goes right under the body of Raya. Yet more terrible goalkeeping!,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! LUTON 2-2 ARSENAL!! Another corner, another goal for Luton! Doughty sends in an in-swinger from the right this time and Adebayo gets above both Rice and Raya to head in. Poor goalkeeping, that!,1

Jesus is booked for a foul on Barkley late in the first half. The Brazilian pleads with the referee, but that one offence is enough to earn him a caution.,2

GOOOAAAALLL!!!! LUTON 1-2 ARSENAL!! The visitors restore their lead through Jesus! Saka and White exchange passes down the right and the latter floats in a delightful ball that is screaming out for Jesus to attack, and he does just that. Great cross, great header.,1

Barkley goes sliding in on Martinelli to become the second Luton player to receive a booking. There was no reason for the midfielder to go to ground there.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! LUTON 1-1 ARSENAL!! An instant response from the hosts! Doughty sends in an outswinging corner and Osho is there to head in, pretty much unmarked, from 10 yards out. Terrible defending from the visitors, but a decent header from Osho for his first Premier League goal.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! LUTON 0-1 ARSENAL! A poor pass back to Kaminski is not really dealt with by the goalkeeper, who kicks it out for a throw-in. Some quick thinking by Jesus from a throw-in has Saka in, and he pulls it back to the penalty spot for Martinelli to tuck away. One shot, one goal for the visitors!,1

GROSS GIVES BRIGHTON THE LEAD! 3-2! The move is started by Mitoma, who drives to the byline before beating a man and cutting a pass back to the penalty spot with skill and selflessness. Undav receives the ball and turns awkwardly before shifting possession on to Gross. It looks to be taking the full-back too wide but a sliding finish rectifies that and beats Sa with a powerful slash into the roof of the net!,1

Hwang's shift comes to an end 22 minutes from full-time, with Adama Traore coming onto the pitch in his place.,0

Trossard plays Welbeck through on goal, but a little tug from Collins knocks the striker off-balance and sends him down to the turf. It's a yellow card for the centre-back for the cynical foul which gives Brighton another chance to test Sa from a set-piece.,2

Welbeck comes in for Lallana five minutes after the hour as De Zerbi looks to spark his attack into life.,0

Jonny leaves a foot in and takes Mitoma down 25 yards from goal. It forces the referee to produce a yellow card for the substitute while Brighton are given a chance to attack from a set-piece.,2

SEMEDO IS SENT OFF! RED CARD! Dunk launches a long pass over the top of the defence for Mitoma, who gets on the end of it with only Semedo covering. The right-back gets the wrong side of his opponent and clumsily pushes him over just outside the penalty area! Wolves are down to 10 men!,3

BRIGHTON EQUALISE BEFORE THE BREAK! 2-2! Lallana’s close control takes him into the penalty area on the right ahead of Podence and Neves, giving him just enough room to dig out a cross. The flight of the ball is inch-perfect to the head of Mitoma, who nods it in over Semedo!,1

CALMLY DONE FROM THE PORTUGAL INTERNATIONAL! 2-1! Neves steps up and strokes his penalty high into the roof of the net, ignoring Sanchez’s goal-line movements to beat the keeper and give his side the lead!,1

WOLVES HIT BACK IMMEDIATELY! 1-1! WHAT A RESPONSE! Boubacar Traore takes a great first touch in midfield to win space ahead of Caicedo before threading the needle with a pass that gets past three Brighton defenders. Guedes latches onto it and charges into the penalty area before dispatching a stumbling finish into the goal!,1

1-0 TO THE VISITORS! Brighton’s initial corner is cleared, but Mitoma regathers possession on the left wing and plays a pass across the 18-yard box for Trossard. A lovely first-time touch plays Lallana through on-goal, with the former England international curling it into the net!,1

Very late change from Ludogorets as Yordanov is brought on for Badji for the last few seconds of the game.,0

LO CELSO SCORES! The pass from Son opens up the space for Lo Celso in the middle of the box and he's left with a simple tap-in into the empty net to give Spurs their two-goal advantage back. 3-1 Spurs!,1

KESERU PULLS ONE BACK! He gets a bit of luck with the deflection on the pass to him, but it's a brilliant finish from the forward. He watches it loop over his shoulder and hits the shot on the volley from close range to beat Hart and half the deficit. 2-1! ,1

LUCAS SCORES! He had a similar chance a couple of minutes ago that he didn't take, but this time, Lucas makes a run behind the defenders to the far post and taps in Kane's cross from close-range. 2-0 Spurs! ,1

SPURS LEAD! Kane drops off his defender and rises highest to get on the end of Lucas' corner. He heads the ball back across goal and finds the back of the net. 1-0 Spurs!,1

GOALLL! BENZEMA! 1-0. Madrid win it late on. The visitors execute a superb move: Benzema stabs a brilliant pass through to Vinicius who approaches the goalkeeper before selflessly squaring it back to Benzema who taps it gleefully into an empty net!,1

Valentin is replaced by Ciss in midfield. It looks like he couldn't run off the injury sustained during the foul from Casemiro.,0

Casemiro is immediately replaced by Valverde. Carlo Ancelotti must have sensed that he was close to a red, and removed him before he could test the referee again.,0

Casemiro is shown a yellow card after catching Valentin with a nasty challenge on the shin. The midfielder is lucky to avoid a stricter punishment.,2

Giroud is withdrawn to generous applause, as Castillejo gets to bid a potential farewell to the iconic San Siro.,0

Diaz has earned a rest with that first-half display, so Maldini replaces him for the final few minutes.,0

Nandez is booked for a crude hack on Hernandez, as the France international tries to break away down the left.,2

A late challenge by Diaz earns him a yellow card to slightly take the gloss of his fine contribution so far.,2

Tonali has put a good shift in today, and is now offered a rest, with Bennacer coming on in his place.,0

Though the referee tried to let Milan play the advantage, Godin keeps too close an eye on Leao and hauls him down, so is booked.,2

THAT'S FOUR! Giroud thunders his spot-kick past Radunovic in the Cagliari goal, as his unstoppable shot puts Milan three goals ahead just before half-time. A breathless 45 minutes! Milan 4-1 Cagliari. ,1

Strootman is given a yellow card for blocking a goal-bound attempt with his raised arm - right on the edge of the area.,2

Deiola is booked for a blatant tug on Diaz, who is dictating things in the final third and must apparently be stopped by all means available!,2

AND ANOTHER! Remarkable scenes in Milan, as Giroud gives the hosts a two-goal lead. Cagliari gift the ball carelessly to the influential Diaz, who finds the former Chelsea striker - he turns and fires left-footed into the top corner. Milan 3-1 Cagliari!,1

INCREDIBLE! Diaz jinks clear to fire a heavily deflected effort past Radunovic, who is left stranded in the visitors' goal. Now the Rossoneri are back in front - end-to-end stuff! It's Milan 2-1 Cagliari.,1

MILAN LEAD! Tonali steps up to the set-piece won by Saelemaekers and confidently curls it right-footed into the top corner of the net. Radunovic got a glove on it, but not enough to keep it out. Milan are 1-0 ahead!,1

Bardsley slides in very late on Salah as Liverpool start their counter-attack and picks up a yellow card for the challenge.,2

BURNLEY ARE LEVEL! The free-kick is good by Burnley and nobody picks up Rodriguez as Tarkowski heads it to him. He takes a touch before firing his shot on target and Alisson is beaten as it nestles into the bottom-left corner. 1-1!,1

LIVERPOOL LEAD! It's a brilliant goal from Robertson as he drifts away from his defender at the far post. He guides his header over Pope's outstretched hand and it curls into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

GOAAAALLLLLL!!! CAEN 0-1 PSG - Kean finally makes his mark in this match with a beautiful finish from inside the box. The striker stayed composed and broke free from his marker to convert Neymar's cross into the bottom corner past Pean.,1

Off comes Trincao for Wolves, and the much more defensively-minded Leander Dendoncker enters the fray.,0

Traore latches onto a loose ball and looks to break, but he's hauled down by a clumsy challenge from Burn, who's booked.,2

Bissouma raises a boot high to win a loose ball, but ends up catching Marcal instead. It's a nasty one, and he's given the game's first booking.,2

GOOOOALLLLLL!!!! Wolves take the lead!!! A second corner isn't hit at all well, but deflects out to Neves. He dinks a pass over the wall of Brighton defenders, and Saiss is first to it to volley the ball past Sanchez and into the net! 1-0 to the visitors, and no one saw that coming!,1

Burnley want a point out of this match, but Brighton want to win. De Zerbi makes an attacking change, with captain Dunk coming off for Buonanotte.,0

Kompany makes another defensive change to try and help his side earn a point. Striker Amdouni comes off for Ekdal.,0

Ramsey came on as a substitute earlier on and is now coming off with an injury. Roberts takes his place.,0

Burnley make three changes straight after Brighton's goal. Rodríguez had a fantastic chance to double Burnley's lead but was denied by Verbruggen. Redmond is on in the attack.,0

Odobert scored Burnley's goal to break the deadlock but is now being given a rest. Tresor comes on as a substitute for the third successive game.,0

GOALLLL! ADINGRA SCORES! 1-1! The Seagulls are level! Gross has the ball on the left. He pretends to swing a cross into the box with his left foot before shifting it onto his right. The ball goes all the way over to Adingra, who heads his effort across the goal and into the net.,1

Odobert goes into the book after a late tackle on Van Hecke. He steps on his foot and the defender is hurt.,2

Taylor takes too long with a free-kick and goes into the book. He will be suspended for their next match against Everton.,2

Milner comes off after a difficult game in the defence for Brighton. Hinshelwood scored the winner in the Seagulls' last match and is now on at left-back.,0

Igor also comes on to replace Baleba. Brighton only have one more change to make with over 30 minutes left to play.,0

Burnley make a change. Gudmundsson has had a good impact in this match and went close to scoring earlier with a curling effort. Summer signing Ramsey takes his place.,0

De Zerbi has seen enough and has decided to make two changes before the restart. Key man Mitoma makes his way onto the pitch, with Lallana making his way off. The Japan international should add more pace on the wings.,0

GOALLLL! ODOBERT SCORES! 1-0 BURNLEY! The away side have a goal out of nothing! Odobert races down the left side of the pitch and cuts inside with possession. He takes a shot from outside the box and finds the top corner.,1

The first yellow card goes to O'Shea after a late tackle on Ferguson just outside the box. A shooting opportunity for Brighton arises.,2

4-2 HAALAND!!!! IT’S A HATTRICK FOR HAALAND! Gundogan plays the ball into the feet of Haaland and the striker uses his strength to body Ward and slots the ball past Guaita. Ruthless finishing from Haaland.,1

Olise replaces Clyne as Vieira brings on an extra attacking player to try and fight back in this game.,0

3-2 HAALAND!!!!!!! Man City take a quick corner and Silva combines with Alvarez and the Portuguese man cuts it back to Stones. Stones’ mishit shots falls to Haaland from two yards out and puts City ahead!,1

Hughes comes on for Palace to add another body into the Palace midfield. It seems to be Eze who has been pushed into the striker role for now.,0

2-2 HAALAND!!!!!!! It is his first chance all game and he buries it. Foden crosses it into a dangerous position and the Norwegian heads home. It is his first goal at the Etihad Stadium for Man City.,1

Alvarez comes for Mahrez to change City to a two-striker formation and cause more trouble for the Palace defenders.,0

2-1 BERNARDO SILVA!!!!! Rodri switches the ball to Silva who drives out to the edge of the box and then cuts the ball towards the near post and a deflection wrong-foots Guaita. Game on!,1

2-0 ANDERSEN!!!!!!!! Andersen sends a bullet header into the bottom left corner past Ederson from Eze’s corner to double Palace’s lead! Clinical finishing from the away side.,1

Nketiah is away from Dier and the defender wraps an arm around his shoulder to drag him back. He's protesting his innocence, but he's shown a yellow card.,2

It's a clumsy challenge from Saliba on Bentancur just outside the box and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Arsenal are making a double change of their own here. Partey, who opened the scoring, is replaced by Lokonga.,0

Spurs are making a quadruple change here. Lenglet is the first to go off, with Sanchez on in his place.,0

XHAKA SCORES! Partey drags Arsenal out of their own half before switching it out to Martinelli, and he gets to the edge of the box with a lovely bit of play. He touches it onto Xhaka, who has space ahead of him, and he coolly slots his shot under Lloris into the back of the net. 3-1 Arsenal!,1

EMERSON IS OFF! Martinelli tried to skip past him down the right and Emerson was late getting across. He sticks out a leg, scraping his studs down Martinelli's ankle and the referee shows him a straight red card. Spurs are down to 10 men!,3

JESUS SCORES! What a start to the second half for Arsenal! Partey spreads it out to Saka on the right, and he cuts inside before curling a shot on goal. Lloris pushes it away and Romero's touch bounces back under the goalkeeper and Jesus is hovering to pounce on the loose ball and poke it into the empty net. 2-1 Arsenal!,1

KANE SCORES! He was made to wait to take the penalty while the referee spoke to players from both sides who were encroaching, but it didn't faze him. He sends his shot straight down the middle, while Ramsdale dived to his right, and Spurs are level. 1-1!,1

PARTEY SCORES! And what a goal it is! Arsenal's patient play pays off as Saka touches it back to White, and he spots Partey in space through the middle. He runs onto it first time, side-footing the ball around Bentacur in front of him and into the top-right corner of the net. 1-0 Arsenal!,1

GOAL!!! TRAORE HAS SURELY WON IT FOR WOLVES!!! The referee plays advantage and Silva slips the ball in behind for Traore to chase down the right side of the box. The angle is tight, but Traore strikes an effort towards the near post and Areola fails to keep it out! The Fulham goalkeeper had to do better in that position, but it's 1-0 to Wolves!,1

Parker makes his final change in search of a much-needed winning goal, replacing a defender in Aina with a winger in Cavaleiro.,0

Nuno makes a change up front, replacing Willian Jose with Silva for the closing stages of the contest.,0

Meanwhile, Parker does likewise, but replaces central midfielder Reed with an extra striker in Maja, changing systems.,0

Nuno makes his second change now, replacing Podence with Gibbs-White in the space behind the two front-men.,0

Parker makes his first change of the game, replacing the ineffective Loftus-Cheek with Anguissa in midfield.,0

HAT-TRICK FOR SANCHO! It's getting easy for Dortmund now as they break on the counter-attack and Morey picks out Sancho. The defenders sit back and give him more space and he fires his third goal of the game into the net. 6-1 Dortmund!,1

AND IT'S FIVE! It's a good cross from Witsel into the box and Schmelzer runs onto it in the middle of the six-yard box. He's under pressure from Hunemeier and he slips as he reaches the ball, but he still manages to beat Zingerle. 5-1 Dortmund!,1

HAKIMI SCORES! It's poor defending by Paderborn as Schmelzer nicks the ball from Strohdiek to set up Hakimi. Nobody closes him down on the right of the box and he drills his shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 4-1 Dortmund!,1

Reyna's first involvement is a run down the left wing when he's caught late by Drager who is booked for the challenge.,2

SANCHO SCORES A SECOND! He gets the ball from Hazard on the edge of the box and takes a touch to set himself. There are a lot of Paderborn defenders in the box, but he fires his shot past Zingerle and into the bottom-right corner. 3-1 Dortmund!,1

PADERBORN HAVE ONE BACK! Hunemeier looks confident as he steps up to the spot and fires his penalty high into the roof of the net. Burki went the right way but had no chance of getting to it. 2-1! ,1

Paderborn are making a double change now as they look for a way back into the game. Srbeny is the first to make way, with Zolinski coming on in his place.,0

Sancho took his shirt off during his goal celebration, revealing a shirt tribute to George Floyd who died in police custody in America, so he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

THEY HAVE A SECOND! Paderborn won't be happy with that one as Brandt squares the ball across the six-yard box and Sancho's run through the middle isn't picked up. Zingerle was drawn to Brandt leaving Sancho with a simple tap-in. 2-0 Dortmund!,1

DORTMUND TAKE THE LEAD! Can brushes past Strohdiek on the left and whips his cross back into the middle from the byline. Zingerle pushes the ball away from his near post and straight to Hazard who was waiting in the middle and he finds the back of the empty net. 1-0 Dortmund! ,1

Dybala is withdrawn after an ineffectual second half. He had a bright start, but faded in the contest. Kulusevski replaces the Argentine.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! REBIC HEADS HOME THE EQUALISER!!!! 1-1!!! Milan are level and deserve their equaliser as Rebic guides a header into the back of the net off the inside of the left post. Tonali whips a dangerous cross towards near post for Rebic to run and attack. He gets there ahead of Locatelli and angles his header away from Szczesny to notch the equaliser. It's all square at Allianz Stadium.,1

Tonali reacts to the challenge from Dybala, although he does not cross the line. The referee still books the midfielder.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MORATA SCORES A SUPER INDIVIDUAL GOAL!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Juve hit the visitors on the break with Morata finishing with a sublime chip over Maignan. Dybala releases the run of the forward through on goal and he outpaces Hernandez to be left one-on-one with Maignan. He lifts his effort over the keeper and into the back of the net. A composed effort from the Spaniard.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LUKAKU GETS ONE BACK!!!! 1-2!!!!!! Inter are back in the game as Lukaku slots home at the back post. Perisic charges at the Milan defence down the left flank. He forces a low ball across the six-yard box where the Belgian waits. Lukaku is left with a simple finish to find the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! IBRAHIMOVIC DOES IT AGAIN!!!!! 2-0!!! The Swede notches his second goal of the game, converting from close range. Leao bursts down the left flank and sends a fine cross to the back post. Ibrahimovic is there to stick out his right boot to guide the ball home.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! IBRAHIMOVIC SEES HIS PENALTY SAVED, BUT HE TURNS HOME THE REBOUND!!!! 1-0 MILAN!!! Handanovic produces a fine stop from 12 yards, diving to his right to keep the ball out. However, he palms it straight into the six-yard box where the Swede gathers and dispatches a low strike into the back of the net.,1

GOAALLL!! Saint-Etienne 0-4 PSG - Mbappe gets his second goal of the evening, and that is a special moment as he wheels away towards the stands as the fireworks light up the night sky. The sky is orange and full of smoke, and the drama on the pitch is nearly as good as that in the stands! He stayed onside and found a way past Ruffier to end what has been a superb night.,1

Bouanga has been a real threat tonight but in fairness, he should have scored. With nine minutes to go, he is replaced by Correia.,0

GOAAALLLLL! Saint-Etienne 0-3 PSG! Icardi finally gets on the scoresheet as the home side struggle to contend with the pressure. Fofana missed his clearance and Icardi was lurking at the back post ready to punish him. He did well to stay composed before volleying home the cross!,1

GOAAAALLLLLLL!!!! Saint-Etienne 0-2 PSG - Tuchel's troops, get the second goal they have been craving, and it comes at the perfect time. Neymar slid into the middle of the park, and he found a way to squeeze a pass into Mbappe's path. After a superb first touch, he took his time before slotting the ball into the corner.,1

RED CARD!!!! Ahoulou is sent off after a shocking tackle in the middle of midfield. The referee took his time before deciding to dismiss him after a clumsy challenge on Paredes.,3

Elche make a substitution following the Atletico goal, with Guti the man coming off and he has been replaced by Nino.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Atletico lead 3-1! Costa steps up to convert the penalty that he won, sending Badia the wrong way, as he fires the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net.,1

The hosts have made another change, with Suarez also heading off and he has been replaced by Kondogbia.,0

Here is the enforced Atletico substitution, with Joao Felix walking off around the pitch and he has been replaced by Costa.,0

Double substitution now by Atletico, with Carrasco one of those coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Saul.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Elche have pulled one back, it’s 2-1! The visitors whip a corner into the box, which is flicked on at the near post by Morente and then Boye rises above his marker to power the ball into the back of the net, past Oblak, who was unable to do anything to stop it.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Atletico double their lead, Suarez with his second to make it 2-0! The goal has been coming as the hosts have looked positive in attack early on in the second half. Carrasco drilled a low cross into the six-yard box from the left wing, towards the far post and Suarez managed to sneak in-behind his marker and slide in to poke the ball home from close range.,1

Elche have made a double substitution ahead of the second half, the first sees with Donald replaced by Sanchez Mino.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Atletico lead just before the break, it’s 1-0! Lovely quick attack by the hosts, with Trippier racing forward down the right wing and he drills a superb cross into the box for Suarez to run onto. The striker gets the slightest of touches on the ball, just flicking it past Badia and into the far left-hand corner of the net.,1

Hermoso is booked after he battles with Boye and the Elche man gets past him, so Hermoso pulls him to the ground to stop the counter-attack.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Verdu after he deliberately steps across Suarez as he races past him, stopping the striker in his tracks as Atletico mounted a counter-attack.,2

BARCELONA BACK IN FRONT! Another twist in the tale sees substitute Luuk de Jong rewarded for a bold run to the near post, as he powers a header past Cardenas from Alba's outswinging cross. Incredibly, the Catalans have surely stolen all three points: it's 3-2!,1

For an excellent performance, Morales receives a warm round of applause from the home fans, as Pubill comes on for the final stages.,0

Barcelona's first goalscorer Aubameyang is taken off, and Luuk de Jong makes his return from illness up front.,0

LEVANTE LEVEL! Once again, Morales opts against taking another spot-kick, but Melero makes no mistake - thumping the ball confidently past Ter Stegen and into the bottom-left corner of the net! With a few minutes to go, it's now 2-2!,1

After a difficult day at the office, Alves is withdrawn by Xavi, and Lenglet replaces him at right-back.,0

Lisci makes another double change. First, Radoja is taken off, to be replaced by the enigmatic Bardhi.,0

PEDRI PUTS BARCELONA IN FRONT! The young substitutes combine, as Pedri steers a shot from near the penalty spot into the bottom-left corner following Gavi's ball into the box. All of a sudden, the visitors lead 2-1!,1

BARCELONA LEVEL! Within minutes of almost going two goals behind, the Blaugrana equalise, as Aubameyang powers a header into the back of the net from Dembele's right-wing cross. Now it's 1-1, and the momentum has surely shifted!,1

Xavi has seen enough! Gonzalez is hauled off, and Pedri is thrown on to turn the game around in midfield.,0

LEVANTE LEAD! Morales sends Ter Stegen the wrong way with a cool penalty kick into the bottom-right corner, and the hosts have a merited advantage: It's 1-0 to Levante!,1

With a slightly mistimed sliding challenge in midfield, Campana incurs the first yellow card of the game for bringing down Busquets in central midfield.,2

GOAL! NAPOLI 2-1 JUVENTUS! Napoli finally take the lead after pressuring Juventus all game! Koulibaly finishes from close range as Kean fluffs his defensive header from the corner, forcing Szczesny to fumble the ball directly into the makeshift Napoli captain's path! It's a fortunate goal but Napoli will take it all day long.,1

Insigne hobbles off with some assistance. Hopefully it isn't that major an injury. Zielinski replaces him.,0

GOAL! NAPOLI 1-1 JUVENTUS! Politano draws Napoli level by firing home from a tight angle. Insigne goes for the top right corner from outside the box, forcing Szczesny to make a save. However, the Pole can only push the ball as far as Politano who rattles it into the far bottom corner!,1

Locatelli's booked for sliding in late on Anguissa near the touchline. There'll be just one added minute at the end of this half.,2

GOAL! NAPOLI 0-1 JUVENTUS! Juventus take the lead against the run of play! Morata takes advantage of a Napoli error at the back by firing past Ospina from a tight angle from the left of the box.,1

Castellanos takes the yellow-card count to 11 after going head-to-head with Geertruida and pushing the Feyenoord centre-back.,2

Make that 12 cautions. Somehow, Geetruida is shown a yellow card for his involvement in the scuffle with Castellanos. Tensions continue to rise at De Kuip.,2

Yet another yellow card. Guendouzi is the next player cautioned, once again for dissent towards the referee. That is now 10 bookings in this game.,2

Guendouzi bundles through the back of Timber, offering Feyenoord a free-kick on the edge of the area. Zaccagni reacts furiously to the referee's decision and is cautioned for dissent.,2

GOOOOOOAL! LAZIO PULL ONE BACK! Pedro takes his time over the spot-kick before slotting into the bottom-left corner. Bijlow goes the right way but cannot stop the penalty. The Spaniard makes it back-to-back goals in the Champions League. Feyenoord's lead is cut to 3-1!,1

There will be no treble for Gimenez as the Feyenoord striker comes off to rapturous applause. Ueda takes his place.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 3-0 FEYENOORD! A wonderful turn in the middle from Zerrouki creates space before he finds Jahanbakhsh, who centres towards the penalty spot. Timber’s first-time effort is saved well by Provedel, but Gimenez is there to tap in his second goal of the game. Lazio appeal for offside but the forward is well in line with last defender, and Slot’s side are heading for another three points in Europe!,1

It's an attacking change for Feyenoord despite their lead, as Jahanbakhsh takes the place of Paixao on the left flank.,0

Further discipline follows from the referee after Vecino pulls back Timber, who was aiming to slide through for Gimenez. A yellow card for the Lazio midfielder is the punishment.,2

Romagnoli is cautioned for a late sliding challenge, although the referee plays advantage before pulling it back to show the yellow card to the centre-back.,2

Hartman is the next added to the referee's growing list of cautions after dragging back Anderson, who eased past the full-back on the right flank.,2

Immobile, who has struggled throughout the game, makes way for Castellanos. The Lazio captain does not seem happy with Sarri's decision.,0

Only on the pitch for a matter of minutes, Lopez is booked for a lunging tackle on Zaccagni. The Feyenoord substitute can perhaps feel that was a harsh decision there.,2

GOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 2-0 FEYENOORD! The hosts work possession patiently as Wieffer offloads to Stengs, who pulls a pass back from the byline on the right. Zerrouki is there waiting on the edge of the area and the midfielder curls a pinpoint right-footed finish into the top-left corner. Slot’s side are in complete control heading into the break!,1

The yellow cards continue to flow as Casale is the next to be cautioned for blocking the run of Gimenez, who was looking to play a quick one-two with Stengs.,2

Gimenez is the third name taken by the referee, who deems the Feyenoord striker has caught Casale late in an aerial challenge. The home side react with confusion as the forward appeared to have won the duel with ease, and in a fair fashion.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-0 FEYENOORD! This one will count for Gimenez, and that will be a first Champions League goal that the VAR cannot take away! The forward receives a simple pass from Wieffer, spinning into the area past Casale before angling a left-footed finish into the bottom-left corner!,1

Rovella launches into a late lunge on Paixao and is deservedly shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Isak is shown a yellow card after protesting the referee's decision to award a goal kick rather than a corner.   ,2

La Real respond by making three substitutions instantly - the first of which sees Portu make way for Bautista.  ,0

ATLETICO GET A SECOND! 2-0! The away side counter again and this time Suarez holds it up inside the box before laying it off to Llorente who slams a powerful shot through a cluster of bodies on the edge of the area and past Remiro!,1

Lemar departs with Kondogbia taking his place in another change announcing further defensive intentions from Atletico. ,0

HERMOSO! ATLETICO TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Carrasco whips in an inviting free-kick from deep and it's met firmly by an unmarked Hermoso who thumps a header beyond Remiro from 12 yards!,1

Atletico furiously believe that Le Normand should have been sent off and Hermoso gets booked for his protests.,2

2-0 TO SPEZIA! Surely sealing the points, Esposito steps up to a free-kick taken from just outside the box, and he finds the top-left corner. It was a curling strike that brushed Maignan's fingertips on the way in, and that puts the home side within touching distance of victory!,1

SPEZIA LEAD! Stadio Picco goes wild, as the hosts go in front against Milan! After Amian crashes a near-post header off the upright, Wisniewski reacts when the ball bounces off Kalulu and fires the ball home from close range! It's 1-0 to the Aquilotti, and that's a huge shot in the arm for their survival hopes!,1

Pioli introduces two more replacements. First, Giroud adds some presence up front; the barely visible Rebic is withdrawn.,0

Milan opt for a double substitution, in search of some much-needed inspiration. First, Hernandez is withdrawn for his left-back deputy Ballo-Toure.,0

Diaz is shown a yellow card after toppling over in the box under challenge from Esposito and then complaining too vociferously that he isn't awarded a penalty.,2

After an effective outing, Maddison is replaced by the more defensive option of Castagne for the final few minutes.,0

PALACE HALF THEIR DEFICIT! Finally, the ball is forced in, as after missing his second penalty attempt, Zaha reacts first to nod the ball into the net on the rebound, with Schmeichel left prone. It's now 2-1 to Leicester, and game on!,1

Patrick Vieira has seen enough of this limp Crystal Palace performance and makes his two remaining substitutions. First, Kouyate comes off for McArthur in midfield.,0

LEICESTER DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! Again escaping Kouyate just outside the Palace area, a clearly confident Dewsbury-Hall weaves through the away defence to open up a gap to shoot. He follows up his assist for the opener by firing in his first ever Premier League goal - guiding the ball powerfully into the top-left corner! 2-0 to Leicester!,1

LEICESTER LEAD! The hosts go in front, as Dewsbury-Hall drops his shoulder to evade the attentions of Kouyate in midfield, before picking out Lookman with a low pass across the box. The former Everton winger cuts inside and then powers a shot past Guaita and into the bottom-left corner! It's Leicester 1-0 Crystal Palace!,1

Following his yellow card, Mitchell admits defeat and walks off slowly, to be replaced by Ward in the Crystal Palace defence.,0

Clearly hampered by his injury, Mitchell is unable to keep pace with Mendy in midfield and pulls him back by the arm, resulting in the game's first booking.,2

Rodriguez knows what he is doing as he cynically fouls Traore to stop a counter-attack and he rightfully becomes the third caution of the game.,2

GOALLLLL! 2-1! Pope dives the correct way to his right but Silva's penalty is too firm and nestles into the bottom corner to offer Wolves a late chance of getting back into this one.,1

Barnes, who was chosen to partner Wood up top this game, is replaced by Rodriguez for the closing stages of this fixture.,0

Brady, who seems to be struggling with an injury, is replaced by Pieters, who marches straight over to the left-hand side to help Taylor defend against Traore.,0

On his full Premier League debut, Otasowie, who was cautioned in the first 45, is substituted off for forward Silva.,0

Traore comes on for left wing-back Ait Nouri, which perhaps indicates a change of formation here for Wolves.,0

GOALLLL! 2-0! Wood smashes home from inside the six-yard area, after Mee had redirected Westwood’s free-kick back towards the far post. Semedo at the back post could not deal with the presence of Barnes and Tarkowski and the ball ended up at the feet of Wood, who was never going to miss from close range to double Burnley's lead. VAR has a quick check for offside against Mee before confirming the goal stands.,1

Otasowie, on his full Premier League debut, receives the second booking of the game as he is far too enthusiastic and cynically fouls Westwood near the centre circle.,2

Westwood gets booked for either his cynical foul on Otasowie outside the area or for instantly kicking the ball away after Mason's decision.,2

GOALLLL!! 1-0 BURNLEY! Barnes makes up for his missed chance by heading in at the back post. Initially, Taylor had done well to overlap McNeil, before reaching the byline and standing up a cross towards the striker at the far post. In terms of the finish, Barnes did excellently to sneak his header past Patricio from a tight angle and perhaps the goalkeeper will feel he should have saved it.,1

Jimenez is replaced by Costa as Nuno leaves two pacy options further forward as Liverpool inch higher up the field in their desperation to score. ,0

Jones, too, comes off for Firmino as Klopp throws his big guns on in search of a route back into the game. ,0

Sturridge doesn't look particularly impressed as he trudges off to be replaced by Salah. The striker has had a very quiet game.,0

GOAL!!!! WHAT A GOAL FROM NEVES!!! The Portugal midfielder switches the ball out smartly to Vinagre and gets it back some considerable distance from goal. He takes a touch and rifles a superb, dipping effort right into the bottom-left corner past a helpless Mignolet! What a strike that was to make it 2-1!,1

GOAL!!! ORIGI FIRES LIVERPOOL LEVEL! The Belgian skips inside onto his weaker left foot and fires a shot through the legs of Dendoncker and past a sprawling Ruddy! Wolves will be bitterly disappointed to have given up their lead despite being the better side thus far. It's all square again at 1-1! ,1

GOAL!!! JIMENEZ GIVES WOLVES THE LEAD! Milner can't take a firm pass under control and Jota plays the striker in with acres to run into. Fabinho is caught upfield and Milner can't get past Jota to press the Mexican, who charges into the box and calmly powers the ball past Mignolet into the bottom-left corner! It's 1-0 to Wolves! ,1

Milner drags Jota back and although the contact is soft, it's a cynical challenge and the midfielder is booked. ,2

Hoever comes on for his competitive debut as Lovren joins an extensive injury list. Fabinho may find himself playing at centre-half for an extended period of time if the issue is serious.,0

Fernandes leaves the field after a clinical two-goal performance. He is replaced in the United midfield by Van de Beek.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! COUTINHO LEVELS ON HIS DEBUT!!!!!!!! 2-2!!!!!!!! The Brazil international makes the perfect start to life at Villa Park with a simple finish from close range. United are cut open down the left flank as Buendia releases Ramsey into space. The midfielder does brilliantly as he cuts a fine ball across the face of goal to pick out Coutinho. The midfielder takes one touch before firing his second into the net from six yards. Can Villa snatch a late winner now?,1

Elanga is withdrawn after a bright performance without a clinical edge. Sancho replaces the winger down the left flank. ,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! RAMSEY GETS ONE BACK FOR THE HOSTS!!!!! 2-1!!!!!! Villa are back in the game courtesy of a fine strike from Ramsey into the top-right corner. Chukwuemeka takes possession in the United box and works it towards Coutinho. He forces an offload in the direction of Ramsey with the aid of a deflection. Ramsey is clinical under pressure taking one touch with his right foot before dispatching his strike past De Gea into the net with his left.,1

Coutinho makes his Villa bow from the bench to replace Sanson. Gerrard needs an impact from the Brazilian.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! FERNANDES HAMMERS HOME A SECOND!!!!!! 2-0 UNITED!!!!!! Fernandes latches on to an offload from Fred and he blasts a right-footed strike into the roof of the net. Sanson sends a loose offload in the Villa midfield that Fred pounces on. He releases Fernandes, who takes a touch before burying his effort past a hapless Martinez. Clinical from the Portuguese.,1

Fernandes slides in hard on Sanson and goes into the book. He appeals to the referee that it was his first challenge, but it was a rough one.,2

Digne dives in on Dalot down the right flank and goes into the book. United have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FERNANDES SCORES THROUGH A MARTINEZ CLANGER!!!!! 1-0 UNITED!!!!!! Fernandes lines up a strike from distance that travels through the crowd of players in the box and then the grasp of Martinez on the line. Telles knocks a short pass to the Portuguese, who presses towards the edge of the Villa box. He fires a tame strike that travels past Cavani, but should present a simple save for Martinez. However, the Villa keeper fumbles it through his legs and allows the goal. A great start for United.,1

GOAL! 2-0 BARCA! Messi is just too good. Malcom picks up the ball wide left and cuts back for Messi, who arrows the ball low into the far corner. We'll miss him when he's gone.,1

Diego Lopez is over-eager in leaping for a loose ball in his area, clattering into Suarez's legs after he catches the ball. Espanyol free-kick. Granero is booked for some reason.,2

GOAL! 1-0 BARCA! And who else with it but Messi? That was delightful. Messi steps up and delicately floats a free-kick towards goal. Sanchez drops back onto the goalline but can't head it away. Simply divine.,1

Messi dances through the heart of Espanyol's defence, with Sanchez taking him out just on the edge of the box. Sanchez is booked. It's a dangerous-looking free-kick for Barca.,2

Barca's fans aren't happy as Espanyol make another sub. Melendo's last act is to be fouled by Pique before he's replaced by Garcia.,0

Chambers is booked for an off-the-ball incident, hardly the best time for the Gunners with this match slipping away from their grasp.,2

Dean equals the card count with three apiece for both sides following Sokratis’ late sliding tackle on substitute McBurnie.,2

Youngster Martinelli makes his way on to the pitch to replace Pepe as Emery throws his last roll of the dice.,0

Lacazette comes on for his first match in seven in all competitions in an attempt to salvage something from this game. Skipper Xhaka trudges towards the substitutes’ bench as a result.,0

Guendouzi stops McGoldrick as the Blades striker tried to break forward, but Dean isn't fooled and books the striker for simulation.,2

A standing ovation for Blades icon Sharp as he comes on to replace the seemingly injured Mousset in Wilder’s first substitution of the match.,0

One change during the interval, as Ceballos comes in for Willock as Emery looks to add an extra spark of creativity in search of a comeback win.,0

O’Connell also goes into the referee’s book for clear obstruction as he stops Pepe in his tracks with a strong challenge.,2

The Arsenal players surround Saka after the winger is booked for diving in the Blades’ box! The visitors are incensed as they feel that they have a great case with Egan seemingly having made contact, but Dean won’t look into it any further!,2

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! SHEFFIELD UNITED TAKE THE LEAD! Mousset, who gets his first Premier League start against the Gunners, stakes his claim for a regular place by being at the right place at the right time by tapping it home from close range following O’Connell’s knockdown from the preceding corner! 1-0 to the Blades, and Bramall Lane is rocking!,1

Aubameyang gets taken out by Fleck as they both go for a loose ball, and the latter picks up the game’s first booking for his rough challenge.,2

For a tired challenge on the irrepressible Gordon, Sheffield United skipper Egan completes a miserable shift with a yellow card.,2

EIGHT-NIL!I Following a deflected pass into the box, Isak sidesteps Robinson, expertly sits Foderingham down and then places the ball into the bottom-right corner! That's now eight different goalscorers for Newcastle, who are perhaps not done yet!,1

Having clumsily clattered into Anderson in midfield, Vinicius concedes a free-kick. Ben Slimane does not agree and shows dissent towards the referee so is shown a yellow card.,2

After fading from prominence as his team have imploded, McAtee's game comes to an early end; Basham replaces him.,0

7-0 TO NEWCASTLE! Following his assist just a few minutes ago, Guimaraes now smashes the ball into the top-right corner for Newcastle's seventh! Longstaff's shot on the edge of the box is blocked and spins into the Brazilian's path, and he makes no mistake! Sheffield United are crestfallen - they just want the final whistle.,1

With the points totally secured, Howe makes a triple substitution: first, Trippier makes way for Livramento at right-back.,0

ALMIRON NETS NEWCASTLE'S SIXTH! It's turning into a humiliation for Sheffield United now, as Almiron walks through the centre of the Blades' defence and slots home after latching on to a low throughball from Guimaraes! It's far to easy for the Paraguayan, who becomes the sixth different goalscorer today!,1

Sheffield United respond to their latest setback by making another change: Norwood is replaced by Tom Davies.,0

5-0! Rewarded for his brilliance since arriving from the bench, Gordon scores Newcastle's fifth goal; skipping past Ahmedhodzic and then curling the ball around another defender and finding the bottom-right corner with an unerring finish! He took the ball from Anderson just outside the box and then did the rest all by himself!,1

NEWCASTLE HIT FOUR! For the first time ever, the Magpies score four goals at Bramall Lane, as they stretch their half-time lead further! Wilson stoops to nod in a perfectly measured cross from Trippier, beating Foderingham from less than 10 yards out! That's also a hat-trick of assists for the Newcastle captain!,1

Heckingbottom has made a half-time substitution in response to his team's collapse: Bogle makes way for Traore, who should join Archer up front.,0

BOTMAN BAGS NEWCASTLE'S THIRD! Incredibly, the away side extend their advantage from another set-piece situation, and they've surely wrapped up three points before the break! Trippier delivers a free-kick from the left this time, and Botman rises highest to angle a downward header into the bottom-left corner: 3-0!,1

Causing a flare-up between both sets of players, Robinson swings recklessly through Longstaff in a 50-50 challenge. He may be relieved that the referee decides only to book him - that could have been judged a red-card offence.,2

2-0 TO NEWCASTLE! A heavily deflected shot from Almiron forces Foderingham into a save, but from the resulting corner-kick Newcastle double their lead! Burn arrives at the back post to plant a firm header into the net from close range, following Trippier's inswinging delivery!,1

Ahmedhodzic crunches into the back of Gordon near the touchline, and the Bosnian defender receives a merited yellow card.,2

NEWCASTLE LEAD! Turning sharply, Gordon slips past Ahmedhodzic on the left byline and then cuts the ball back for Longstaff, who slams the ball into the net from 10 yards! The Magpies are 1-0 ahead at Bramall Lane!,1

A muscular problem for Barnes opens up an opportunity for Gordon, who replaces the former Leicester City winger.,0

GOOOOOOALLLL! 2-0 ATLETICO AND GAME OVER! Barrios surely seals progression for his side by finishing into the bottom-right corner. Griezmann initially played to Reguilon before the left-back found Correa. The Argentina forward’s delicate pass opened up space for the substitute midfielder to fire a left-footed strike low past Nadal.,1

Griezmann is the next Atletico man to go into the referee's list of cautions after a cynical foul on Sangalli.,2

Witsel hacks down Viti to offer Oviedo a free-kick in a good position outside the area. The Belgium international is also shown a yellow card.,2

The industrious Bretones, who has impressed down the left-hand side, sees his number come up as Cervera sends on Luengo.,0

Lemar follows Koke off the pitch in a double substitution, as Barrios makes his way on for the visitors.,0

Tensions are rising after Gimenez catches Obeng with a late tackle on the right flank. The referee calms the situation down before showing the centre-back the first caution of the cup tie.,2

GOOOOOOOOOALLLL! 1-0 ATLETICO! Just as Oviedo appeared to be growing into the game, Llorente chips over Nadal to open the scoring. Molina initially found Griezmann before he turned into the path of the midfielder, who somewhat fortuitously finishes with a dinked left-footed strike.,1

More substitutions for PSG as Di Maria is withdrawn from action with just over 10 minutes remaining. Ruiz-Atil is his replacement.,0

Icardi’s match is over after a two-goal performance. Sarabia gets to play out the remainder of the match.,0

Foket is lucky to escape with just a yellow as an incisive pass from Neymar sets Mbappe away inside Reims’ half, but the defender comes across and brings down the forward.,2

Paredes is removed as well with just over 20 minutes remaining, as Verratti is sent on in his place. ,0

GOAL! PSG DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE! It was always coming, but Icardi seals the two-goal lead as a delightful passing move between Di Maria and Mbappe gets the France international unmarked in the penalty area. A simple pass across the face of goal gets it to Icardi, who dispatches dutifully. 2-0!,1

Neymar tries to break after a counter-attack and gets held up in midfield by Cassama. It's a yellow card for the Reims player. ,2

GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! REIMS 0-1 PSG!! Mbappe squeezes the ball through and Icardi manages to bring it under control. With just Rajkovic to beat, he coolly tucks it home to give the visitors an early lead.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CALVERT-LEWIN EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! Everton get their leveller just before the break as Calvert-Lewin converts. Allan wins the ball from Westwood and releases Richarlison. The Brazilian places a low ball across the face of goal and Calvert-Lewin gets inbetween Tarkowski and Mee to score on the slide in the six-yard area. A poacher's finish from the forward.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BRADY SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0!!! The Clarets take the lead in the early stages of the game as Brady finds the back of the net with a well-placed strike. Westwood wins the ball from Doucoure and feeds his team-mate 25 yards from goal. Brady goes for the strike on his right foot and connects sweetly with his effort to beat Pickford.,1

Borre's number goes up, and he takes a long time to walk off the field in an attempt to run the clock down. Lammers comes on to replace him.,0

Hinteregger cuts across Ruibal to stop him from getting on the end of a throughball, and he's booked.,2

There's a double change for Betis now as they continue to search for an equaliser. Juanmi is first to go off, with Joaquin replacing him.,0

KAMADA SCORES! And just like that, Frankfurt are ahead again! It's a poor clearance from Gonzalez on the edge of his own box, and he gifts it back to Frankfurt. Lindstrom puts a good, low cross into the middle and Kamada is in space to turn it into the empty net. 2-1 Frankfurt!,1

FEKIR EQUALISES! Frankfurt are caught out at the back again, and it's Canales with the throughball into the box. Fekir cuts back to get away from Ndicka before getting into a more central position to curl his low shot past Trapp and into the far bottom corner. 1-1!,1

Ruibal cleverly spun away from Sow, and the midfielder kicked his legs out from under him in an attempt to win it back. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Fekir thought he'd won the ball back and was breaking on the counter before the referee's whistle went with a foul against him. He boots the ball away in frustration and is booked for dissent.,2

KOSTIC SCORES! And it's a lovely goal! Borre cuts off Ruibal's run to win it back, and it's Sow with the switch of play out to Kostic on the left wing. He looked like he was trying to cross it, but the flight of the floated ball catches out Bravo and nestles into the far side of the net. 1-0 Frankfurt!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! ANTONIO SURELY WRAPS UP THE WIN!!!!!! 3-1 WEST HAM!!!!! The Hammers take a huge stride towards the three points as Antonio finishes with the aid of fortune. He is played through by Cresswell and only has Leno to beat. Leno saves his first tame effort, but Ream gets in the way of his keeper as he attempts to smother the ball. It rebounds out to Antonio, who takes a touch and slots it home.,1

Scamacca is withdrawn after a fine performance. Antonio replaces the forward for the final 10 minutes.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SCAMACCA LOBS LENO TO FIRE WEST HAM IN FRONT!!!!! 2-1!!!! The Italian latches on to a throughball from Paqueta and lifts his strike over the onrushing Leno into the net. Paqueta threads the needle to release Scamacca and he takes a touch before applying the finish. There is a lengthy VAR check for offside and a potential handball, but the goal is awarded.,1

Reed is booked for dissent after he vents his frustration at the referee after Palhinha is adjudged to have fouled Scamacca.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BOWEN LEVELS FOR WEST HAM!! 1-1!!!! The Hammers are level as Bowen slots his effort from 12 yards into the back of the net. He goes for a left-footed strike from the penalty spot and sends his effort into the bottom-left corner as Leno dives the wrong way.,1

WHAT A GOAL FROM PEREIRA!!!!!!!! FULHAM TAKE THE LEAD!!!! 1-0!!!!! Pereira hammers a strike past Fabianski from a tight angle to fire Fulham in front. Kebano threads a pass down the inside-left channel for Pereira to chase. He takes on the shot despite the angle and beats the West Ham keeper with a rocket of a strike into the roof of the net.,1

Fellaini was being readied to come on for United, but the red card for Bailly instead means that centre-back Jones is on. Martial is the player sacrificed.,0

Howe's third and final change sees Mings take over from Ake at the back. The visitors have eight minutes to score three goals against their 10-man opponents.,0

A blemish to what has otherwise been another good day for United under Solskjaer, as Bailly is shown a straight red for diving in on Fraser with both feet off the ground. A stupid challenge, leaving the referee with little choice.,3

Pereira is given another run-out under Solskjaer, coming on for the final 15 minutes or so in place of Herrera. United's supporters show their appreciation to the departing midfielder.,0

GOOOAAALLL!! MAN UNITED 4-1 BOURNEMOUTH! Lukaku marks his return to action with a goal just a couple of minutes after being introduced from the bench. The Belgium striker's eighth league goal against Bournemouth is a well taken one, hooking the ball past Begovic after getting on the end of Pogba's lofted through-ball.,1

Lukaku is brought on in place of Rashford, the scorer of United's third goal, for his first appearance under Solskjaer. ,0

Herrera tugs back on the shirt of Stanislas to halt the Bournemouth counter, seeing him join team-mate Young in earning a yellow card.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! MAN UNITED 3-1 BOURNEMOUTH! For all of United's attacking strengths, they are simply unable to keep a clean sheet. Ake, who missed a good chance earlier in the half to draw his side level, guides a header past De Gea following some impressive work from Brooks. Game on?,1

GOOOOAAALLL!! MAN UNITED 3-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Solskjaer's men have a third before half-time! Rashford, who created the first goal with a sublime assist, gets an outstretched leg on the end of Martial's flicked cross to surely seal all three points for the home side.,1

No idea what Young is thinking here. The United captain lunges in on King, who was going nowhere, and is rightly shown the first yellow card of the match.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!!! MAN UNITED 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Pogba really is on fire, scoring his second goal of the game and his fourth in two matches. Herrera's cross is crying out to be attacked, and the France midfielder gets between Ake and Cook to power a header past Begovic.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! MAN UNITED 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Pogba picks up from where he left off against Huddersfield by edging the home side into an early lead. The France midfielder profits from some brilliant footwork from Rashford, who takes the ball past two men out wide before teeing up his team-mate for a simple sliding finish from three yards.,1

Carrasco joins Llorente in the book after sliding in on Duarte from behind to prevent the defender from clearing it upfield.   ,2

CORREA! 2-1 ATLETICO! The away side retake the lead as Llorente rides two challenges inside the box, before laying it off to Correa whose angled drive flicks off Vallejo and loops over Silva and into the far corner!,1

Granada make a double substitution after the goal: the first change sees Montoro make way for Gonalons.,0

HERRERA! 1-1! Granada equalise instantly! The away side struggle to clear a corner, allowing Machis to poke it across goal where Herrera is on hand to lunge in and slice a shot off Hermoso and beyond Oblak!,1

LLORENTE! 1-0! It's a brilliant strike from the midfielder! Llorente takes a pass from Koke and darts inside Duarte before hitting a rasping, left-footed shot from the edge of the area that accurately nestles into the bottom corner at the near post!,1

Davies goes down with a little cramp, and Bayern waste no time in taking him off. Kratzig is brought on for the closing stages.,0

Karazor catches Sane, who was at full flow out on the left, and becomes the second player to be issued a yellow card.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! BAYERN HAVE A THIRD! If the game was not over beforehand, it certainly is now. Pavlovic is causing all sorts of problems with his deliveries, with this latest one from a corner being met by Kim and taking a heavy deflection on its way through. 3-0.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! BAYERN 2-0!! The home side have themselves a second goal, and this time it is allowed to stand! Pavlovic sends a delightful free-kick towards the back post and it is headed back in the direction it came, where Kane is waiting to turn in with his head.,1

Mittelstadt is issued the first yellow card of the contest for a challenge on Musiala just outside the penalty area. A yard or so closer and it would have been a penalty.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! BAYERN 1-0! How about this for a start! The ball is given away in midfield and a simple punt upfield is collected by Sane. He knocks it past Nubel and unselfishly squares for Kane to tap into an unguarded net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CASEMIRO PUTS MADRID AHEAD!!!!!! 1-0!!! Madrid take the lead as the Brazilian scores with an outstretched left boot, poking his effort past Diego Lopez. Benzema is the architect with a fine backheel through the legs of Espinosa. Casemiro gambles and gets there ahead of Cabrera and the Espanyol keeper to score.,1

Inter's last change sees Barella withdrawn for Kristjan Asllani, and the Nerazzurri are just ticking down the moments now.,0

Calhanoglu is the latest Nerazzurri midfielder withdrawn, and Roberto Gagliardini comes on to see out the game.,0

It's getting rather scrappy, as both teams contest for control of a seemingly ever-bouncing ball. Rebic and Barella is the latest clash, with the Milan substitute entering the contest too strongly for the referee's liking, leaving Barella in a heap on the deck and warranting a yellow card.,2

Kjaer comes off in Milan's latest change, and it's a striker on for the centre-back in the form of Ante Rebic.,0

Giroud chases a scooped forward ball from Tonali, throwing Acerbi to the floor on his way. Play is halted before he can get to the ball, and the French striker is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

Dimarco has impressed down that left-hand side, his replacement Robin Gosens will likely do more of the same as Inter look to put this game beyond doubt.,0

Mkhitaryan, who has been booked, also comes off, and Marcelo Brozovic will take up his role in central midfield.,0

Tonali strides forward to the edge of the box, beating Barella on his way, but he's caught and taken down by Acerbi on the edge of the area, resulting in a second Inter booking in as many minutes.,2

After a mid-air tussle between Martinez and Kalulu sees the ball spin up into the air, and Mkhitaryan oddly brings it down using his hand, and is shown an immediate yellow card!,2

Leao sets off on a run down the left edge, skipping past Barella in the process. The Inter midfielder hits the deck though, and replays show that Leao caught him in the face with his elbow. Leao is booked as Barella gets back to his feet.,2

Calabria also comes off, with Alexis Saelemaekers replacing the Milan captain as Stefano Pioli looks to add some attacking impetus.,0

Milan roll the dice early and bring on Rafael Leao, who replaces Origi, who has also been a passenger in this game.,0

Gabbia flies in late on Martinez and catches the goalscorer from behind as he lays off a pass. Gabbia can have no excuses as he becomes the second Milan player to go into the book.,2

Messias, who like most of Milan's forward players was anonymous in that first half, comes off, with Brahim Diaz replacing him for the second period.,0

As the Nerazzurri race forward, Martinez turns Kalulu with ease but is them dragged back and to the floor by the Milan defender. Inter win the free-kick, and Kalulu becomes the first player in this Milan derby to be shown a yellow card.,2

RIO AVE ARE LEVEL!! Mane finally gets on the ball in space and finds Piazon on the left flank. His ball in falls nicely for Geraldes who unleashes a volley past Donnarumma and levels this game up. 1-1.,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOAAALLLLL! Milan make the breakthrough and it's Saelemaekers with a superb finish. The corner is headed out by the Rio Ave defence but it lands at the feet of the Milan forward who takes a touch and rifles it into the bottom corner. What a finish. 1-0!,1

Another Chelsea change now as Loftus-Cheek makes his way off the pitch and he has been replaced by Kovacic.,0

Chelsea make their first substitution of the game and it's Hazard who is coming onto the pitch, he replaces Willian.,0

Hasebe brings Willian down around 25 yards out, as the winger dribbled past him and looked to break into the box.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Chelsea equalise right at the end of the first half, it's 1-1! It comes from a corner that Frankfurt don't deal with and Pedro shows great quick feet in the box after David Luiz and Loftus-Cheek link up well. The ball is laid it off to Pedro and the Spaniard fires it into the far corner of the net, just out of the reach of Trapp.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Frankfurt take the lead, it's 1-0! The hosts break forward down he left wing through Kostic after Chelsea lose the ball in the middle of the pitch. Kostic whips a cross into the box, which Jovic dives onto the end of and places the ball into the far corner of the net with a header, just out of Kepa's reach.,1

No complaints with that yellow card, Christensen slides through the back of Rode, he's late and takes the man, getting nowhere near the ball.,2

Lookman catches Barella with a rash sliding challenge, for which he can have no complaints at going into the book.,2

Toure takes one for the team. Sanchez is dangerously picking up speed as he embarks on a counter, but the Atalanta substitute drags him back at the expense of a yellow card.,2

Frattesi appears to have injured himself in the process of scoring. Just 11 minutes after coming on, he makes his way to the touchline with Klaassen replacing him.,0

FRATTESI!!! 4-0 INTER! Surely, that's game over! Sanchez takes a quick free-kick and Frattesi is onto it in a flash, connecting at the near post to bury his header past Carnesecchi.,1

Dumfries embarks on a surging run towards the penalty area before he is tripped by Bakker, who goes into the book as a result.,2

Lautaro is given a well-earned rest and salutes the crowd's ovation as he makes way to be replaced by Sanchez.,0

Atalanta turn to the bench and make four changes. The first sees Lookman introduced in place of Miramchuk.,0

DIMARCO!!! 3-0 INTER! Lautaro steps up to the spot, but his penalty is well kept out by Carnesecchi. However, Dimarco is quickly onto the rebound to tuck it away and extend the hosts' advantage.,1

Djimsiti demonstrates his frustration at the awarding of the penalty, and is booked for his troubles.,2

WHAT A STRIKE FROM LAUTARO!!! 2-0 INTER! The hosts double their lead in some style! After Carnesecchi initially races out of goal to prevent Dimarco latching onto a long ball, the hosts keep the danger alive. Pavard feeds the ball into Lautaro, who works space before unleashing a fierce left-footed drive that flashes beyond the flat-footed Atalanta goalkeeper.,1

DARMIAN!!! 1-0 INTER! The hosts break through at San Siro! Carnesecchi races out of goal to prevent Mkhitaryan from latching onto Lautaro's lovely throughball. However, he only succeeds in putting it on a plate for Darmian, who subsequently slots into the empty net.,1

The sliding Darmian catches Djimsiti with a late challenge and receives the first yellow card of the game.,2

Alcaraz has only played 191 minutes for Juventus since joining on loan from Southampton and isn’t given much of a chance to make an impression in the final moments. Cambiaso comes off.,0

Bellanova has been bright on the right, producing a couple of inviting crosses. However, he cannot continue and is replaced by Masina.,0

Juventus make a straight swap up front. Vlahovic missed two huge opportunities in the first half, but has been quiet since the restart. Kean is on.,0

Sanabria had a great chance to score in the second half, but his downward effort was saved by Szczesny. He is now coming off for Okereke.,0

Cambiaso is the first player to go into the book after giving away a free-kick on the left in a crossing position for Torino.,2

Chiesa has been one of Juventus' brightest player and has made two key passes, but is coming off for Yildiz.,0

Chiesa lifts a cross down the right side of the box to Bremer, but his header back across is cleared away. Juventus retain the ball, and Zapata barges through the back of Kostic. Vojvoda then goes into the book for dissent.,2

Sanabria pushes Rabiot. Juventus have a late free-kick in a crossing position to end the half. Ricci is not happy and is booked.,2

Cambiaso tricks his way down the right before curling a cross towards Gatti, who goes for a spectacular effort in the middle of Torino's box and connects with Buongiorno's head with his foot. The Juventus man then goes into the book.,2

No idea what Bernardeschi is thinking here. He is nowhere near winning the ball as he goes in late on Ceppitelli, deep in the opposition half.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! CAGLIARI 0-2 JUVENTUS! The ball is slotted through for Bentancur down the right and the substitute midfielder rolls it across the six-yard box for a simple Kean tap-in. That should do it!,1

Maran makes a double substitution as we enter the final 15 minutes of the match. Cerri is on for Pedro in the first of those changes.,0

Bentancur comes on for the injured Caceres, possibly meaning a change of system. Alternatively, De Sciglio could shift across into the middle of defence.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! CAGLIARI 0-1 JUVENTUS! Bonucci powers Bernardeschi's corner past Cragno to give the visitors the lead. It is a well-flighted cross from Bernardeschi, but the defending from Cagliari is non-existent - nobody gets near Bonucci, who is able to pick out the bottom corner with his header from 10 yards out.,1

This is poor from Kean! The young forward goes to ground in the box under contact from Ionita, but he clearly left his leg hanging to instigate the contact. Credit to the referee Piero Giacomelli for spotting it and reaching into his pocket.,2

Zagreb make a double substitution to try and turn the tide: the first change sees Atiemwen head off for Petkovic.,0

MORENO! 1-0! Moreno steps up confidently and sends Livakovic the wrong way before rolling a composed penalty straight down the middle!   ,1

Sanchez is booked after pushing Hazard in a bit of afters after the whistle had already blown for a free-kick to the visitors.,2

Asensio sees yellow for taking his shirt off after the goal, but he won't care one bit after scoring a goal of that caliber.,2

What a goal!!! Asensio puts his side into the lead with a sublime strike from distance. The ball comes out to him after Militao dispossessed Raba, before letting fly from 25 yards out towards the left side of the goal. It's quite brilliant and gives Maximiano no chance to make it 1-0.,1

Lemar brings down Fati down the left flank and goes into the book. Messi will have at least one final chance to send a cross into the box.,2

Carrasco sticks out a boot and catches Messi. He goes into the book and hands Barca a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SAUL SCORES FROM THE SPOT AGAIN!!! 2-2!!! Ter Stegen is furious with himself as Saul's strike just bursts through his hands and finds the bottom-right corner. It's not a clean effort from the Spaniard and the Barca keeper should make the stop, but his hands are not firm enough and the ball trickles into the net.,1

Felipe goes in to a 50/50 with Busquets and catches the Spaniard on his follow-through. He did win the ball, but it was not enough for the referee not to brandish the card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! MESSI BAMBOOZLES OBLAK!!!! 2-1 BARCELONA!!! The home side regain the lead as the Argentine scoops his strike with a panenka into the middle of the net. Oblak dives early and is powerless to prevent the strike from crossing the line. It's a special strike for Messi - his 700th career goal.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SAUL CONVERTS FROM 12 YARDS!!! 1-1!!! Atletico opt to change their penalty taker after Costa's miss. Saul has no problem dispatching his left-footed strike into the bottom-right corner, sending Ter Stegen the wrong way. The visitors are back in the game.,1

YELLOW! Ter Stegen comes off his line too early from the spot-kick and is booked by the referee. His intial save of Costa's effort is chalked off.,2

GOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR TORRES! 4-2 BARCELONA! What a moment for Torres. Yamal breaks free on the counter and has space on the right, rolling a pass through to Torres. He gets away from his marker and drives into the box before chipping the ball over Silva.,1

GOALLL! JOAO FELIX SCORES! 3-2 BARCELONA! What an impact from the substitute to put Barcelona ahead. Joao Felix has possession in the middle of Betis' half and plays a pass into Torres on the edge of the box before getting it back from the forward. The Portugal international then curls a low shot with the outside of his left foot into the bottom-left corner.,1

Young defender Cubarsi is walking off the pitch slowly and is looking hurt. Xavi makes an attacking change and replaces him with forward Joao Felix.,0

Cardoso's Betis debut is over, but he will be satisfied after completing 95.8 per cent of his passes. Altimira is on.,0

Abner is the first player to go into the book after pushing Kounde in the face. The Barcelona man got past him on the touchline, forcing him to make the foul.,2

Barcelona make their second change. Pedri sprints off the pitch and is replaced by Lopez in the midfield.,0

Lewandowski has had a quiet game up front for Barcelona and is now coming off without having a shot. Roque is on.,0

GOALLL! ISCO SCORES AGAIN! 2-2! The goal stands after a long VAR check! Isco beats the offside trap to get on the end of Henrique's cross down the right before looping his shot over Pena, who rushes off his line but cannot get there. The goalkeeper could've done better with both goals.,1

GOALLL! ISCO SCORES! Betis get one back! Henrique shows some clever feet to get past De Jong on the right before looping a cross into the heart of the box. Pena punches it away, but only as far as Isco, who blasts a powerful effort into the roof of the net. There was a long VAR check for a possible foul on Pedri by Iglesias, but the goal stands.,1

GOALLL! TORRES SCORES AGAIN! 2-0 BARCELONA! What a start to the half from Barcelona. Yamal gets onto the end of a ball down the right by Kounde and shows his speed and strength to get beyond Abner. His shot from the byline crashes the woodwork, but the rebound falls straight to Torres, who blasts his effort in from the middle of the box.,1

Betis head coach Pellegrini has seen enough and has decided to make two changes at half-time. Willian Jose had just nine touches and is replaced up front by Iglesias.,0

Diao was quiet on the left for Betis and made just two passes. He is replaced by the experienced Fekir.,0

GOALLL! TORRES SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! The away side are ahead. Gundogan has possession inside Betis' half on the right, and he looks to switch the play over to Torres, but the ball deflects off of a defender and into the path of Pedri inside the box. He then rolls a pass across to Torres, who has the easiest of finishes into an open net.,1

There will be no hat-trick for Ramos today. The striker is given a rest as Lee comes on in his place.,0

There is activity on both benches. Balde comes on for Lyon in place of Cherki in the first of two swaps.,0

Another change by Lyon sees Fofana enter the action with Nuamah, who was on target in the first half, making way.,0

PSG make two changes. The first sees Marquinhos, who recently became their record appearance maker, replaced by Skriniar in the heart of defence.,0

RAMOS!!! 4-1 PSG! The hosts are back on track following a devastating counter! Vitinha starts the move with a neat turn before finding Zaire-Emery, who has acres of space ahead of him to gallop into. The youngster feeds Asensio, who subsequently delivers an inviting low cross for a sliding Ramos to turn home.,1

NUAMAH!!! 3-1! LYON PULL A GOAL BACK! There is hope yet for the visitors. Nuamah embarks on a strong run as he cuts inside from the right wing towards the edge of the penalty area, where he drills a low shot beyond the dive of Donnarumma. That was a fine individual goal!,1

RAMOS!!! 3-0 PSG! That's another lovely goal by the hosts. Hakimi joins in the attack and is allowed far too much space down the right flank. The full-back delivers a delicious cross that an unmarked Ramos can bury beyond Lopes with his head.,1

BERALDO!!! 2-0! PSG DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! The hosts continue their bright start and already have breathing space! Moments after Kolo Muani's shot deflects behind for a corner, Asensio's subsequent delivery is flicked on by Barcola for the unmarked Beraldo to tuck away from inside the six-yard box.,1

Augustin will depart now, to a great reception from the fans. Poulsen is on for the final few moments. ,0

Kampl is subbed off after an outstanding contribution, Majetschak replaces him for the final stages of the match. ,0

They've got another one, 2-0!! Celtic are falling apart here as Saracchi breaks down the left once again and looks for the cross, Celtic fail to clear the ball and cause themselves problems before Bruma runs onto it to provide the finish, stroking it into the back of the net confidently from inside the penalty area! ,1

GOAAAAALLLL! Cunha scores to make it 1-0! The cross in is missed by Celtic's defence and it's on a plate for the striker, who has time to chest it down and lash the ball past Gordon with his right foot, into the bottom right corner. ,1

De Rossi is removed with 10 minutes remaining, and he looks absolutely spent. Patrik Schick is his replacement.,0

Under is withdrawn at the 73rd minute, with Kolarov on to replace him as Di Francesco looks to see out the remainder of the game and keep the clean sheet. ,0

Pellegrini is removed from the match with an assist to his name, as Cristante enters the pitch looking to help hold the lead for the final 22 minutes. ,0

It may be too little too late for Dzagoev, but he will get some action at the Stadio Olimpico, replacing Oblyakov.  ,0

FANTASTIC GOAL BY UNDER TO MAKE IT 3-0! It’s a perfect finish into the top corner as Dzeko’s knock-down header across the face of goal is left by Pellegrini, only for Under to come racing into the box and finish it with a thumping side-foot volley.,1

ROMA HAVE DOUBLED THE LEAD! 2-0 after El Shaarawy receives the ball in the penalty area and has the presence of mind to look up for Dzeko who is unmarked at the back post. From there, it’s a simple pass and a simple finish by the striker who is now on a hat-trick!,1

ROMA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0 to the home side after Dzeko finishes a passing move in front of an open net. Pellegrini plays a lovely one-two with El Shaarawy which gets him inside the area before finding Dzeko for the tap-in at the back post. It’s a poachers goal and one that gives Roma the advantage. ,1

Tavernier impressed in the final third for the Cherries and perhaps should have scored. He makes way for Rothwell.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SOLANKE NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH!!!!! The Cherries extend their lead as Solanke bundles the ball home from close range. Cook sends a dangerous cross into the box from the left flank that Sinisterra heads against the post. Solanke is the first to react and steers his effort past Pope into the roof of the net. There is a nervy wait for a VAR check for handball, but the goal stands.,1

Kluivert was active in the first half, but faded a tad in the second. Sinisterra replaces the Dutchman.,0

Parkinson makes his Premier League bow for the Magpies as he replaces Miley. Parkinson goes up front as Joelinton drops back.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SOLANKE FIRES THE HOSTS AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! The Cherries take the lead as Solanke buries his effort into the bottom-right corner. Semenyo tries to force a pass through to Solanke and the forward benefits from a deflection. He takes the ball in stride and fires low and hard into the net with a precise strike on his right foot.,1

Almiron is withdrawn with a potential hamstring injury and is replaced by former Bournemouth man Ritchie.,0

RED CARD! Kucka was booked in the first half and he is now shown a yellow and given his marching orders! The midfielder lost his cool and dived into a challenge with Tavares, catching the Arsenal man late and the referee had no choice but to award a free-kick and send him off.,3

Late Arsenal change now, with Smith Rowe heading off to an excellent ovation from the home fans and Elneny is his replacement.,0

Gabriel is booked now after a high challenge on Joao Pedro as he catches the Watford man in the face.,2

Watford make their second change now, with Dennis the man coming off and he has been replaced by Hernandez.,0

Arsenal make their first change now, with Lacazette the man heading off and he has been replaced by Odegaard.,0

Here comes the Watford substitution, with Tufan the man coming off and he has been replaced by Joao Pedro.,0

GOAL! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD! Smith Rowe finally gets the breakthrough goal and fires Arsenal 1-0 ahead! Watford fail to clear the danger on the edge of the penalty area, with White racing forward, but his path is blocked and the ball falls to Smith Rowe, who drills a low shot towards goal. It takes a slight deflection and beats Foster in the Watford goal.,1

Sissoko is the latest player to be booked now, after he pulls the shirt of Saka as the Arsenal winger turns away from him.,2

Aubameyang battles for the ball with Femenia and the Arsenal skipper dives into a challenge and catches the Watford defender late.,2

Another booking now, this time it is shown to Kucka after he dives into the back of Lacazette and gets nowhere near the ball. Poor challenge by the Watford man.,2

Sarr comes over to the left wing and runs at Tomiyasu and skips past the Arsenal right-back, who catches him late. Tomiyasu is booked.,2

Lokonga is the first Arsenal man to be booked after he deliberately brings down Kucka as he looks to break forward and then shoves him to the ground as the pair clash afterwards.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to King after a foul on Gabriel as the pair battle for the ball.,2

GOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 1-1 FC KOLN! Cometh the hour, cometh Kimmich! The Bayern captain receives a pass from Upamecano and blasts at goal from outside the box. The shot loops over Schwabe and into the top right corner of the net!,1

GOAL! BAYERN MUNICH 0-1 FC KOLN! The Billy Goats have leapt into a shock lead! Chabot manages to flick a header on from Kainz's ball in. Skhiri is there at the far post to tuck it home from close range!,1

Randal Kolo Muani joins the action, in place of Kang-In Lee. He will want to seal the win for PSG here.,0

Seidu gets booked for a clumsy tackle on Hernandez. Seidu is lucky that nothing serious happened to the French defender.,2

Ousmane Dembele comes off for Marco Asensio. He has had a brilliant evening in attack for the home team.,0

Dembele loses the ball near the edge of his area, and Gouiri latched onto it. Dembele fouls the Frenchman as he collects and goes into the book.,2

Ludovic Blas comes off for Martin Terrier as Rennes attempt to bring a bit more energy into their attack.,0

GOALLLLL FOR PSG!!! Mbappe makes up for his penalty blunder and gives PSG the lead! He gets fed through by Fabian, cuts inside his defender and gets the shot away. The shot takes a deflection from a Rennes defender and goes past Mandanda into the bottom-right corner. 1-0 PSG!,1

RODRI!!! 2-1 CITY! The visitors regain the lead! What a response it has been! Atoning for his error, Walker does well to regain possession before crossing for Foden, who cannot get the ball under control. Thankfully for the champions, it drops nicely for Rodri to brilliantly drill into the top corner.,1

BOGLE!!! 1-1! UNITED ARE LEVEL! They have been knocking at the door and it has finally opened for them. Walker's attempted backheeled clearance is intercepted and the ball is worked out to Bogle, who brilliantly drills across Ederson and into the far corner.,1

HAALAND!!! 1-0 CITY! At long last, Haaland has his goal! Grealish is the provider as he teases Baldock before sending a delicious cross to the far post, where Haaland powers home his header.,1

Baldock is late on Grealish and goes into the book. Tempers are flaring slightly as this first half draws to a close.,2

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! VARDY GETS ONE BACK!!!! 2-1!!! Leicester are still in with a chance here as Vardy opens his account for the term. Ricardo Pereira's cross travels all the way through and strikes the post. Vardy is on hand to convert the rebound from close range. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SHAW DOUBLES UNITED'S LEAD!!!! 2-0!!!!! Shaw gets the goal to surely kill off the game. It's a huge moment for the defender, notching his first career goal. He makes a late run down the left inside channel to latch on to Mata's chipped pass. Shaw takes a touch to get past Ricardo Pereira before guiding his effort under Schmeichel into the back of the net. ,1

Fred goes into the book for a challenge on Maddison. The two have been involved in a few scuffles this evening.,2

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! POGBA PUTS UNITED AHEAD!!!! 1-0!!! Pogba stutters on his run-up, taking an age to arrive at the ball. Once he does strike it, the Frenchman powers his effort into the top corner, beyond the reach of Schmeichel. The perfect start for Pogba and United.,1

GIROUD!!! 4-1 MILAN! Same player, same result from the spot. Giroud steps up and calmly sweeps the ball into the opposite corner from his first-half attempt with Milinkovic-Savic rooted to the spot.,1

Milinkovic-Savic was frustrated with the referee's decision not to award a free-kick in Torino's favour. But the goalkeeper goes into the book for his troubles.,2

HERNANDEZ!!! 3-1 MILAN! That's a lovely goal! The Rossoneri have breathing space before half-time. Combining down the left flank, Leao threads a neat throughball into the area for Hernandez, who delightfully lifts it over the advancing Milinkovic-Savic.,1

GIROUD!!! 2-1 MILAN! No mistake by Giroud! The 37-year-old confidently sends the goalkeeper the wrong way and sweeps the ball into the corner of the net.,1

After having several nibbles at Pellegri and venting his frustration towards the referee, Hernandez is shown a yellow card.,2

SCHUURS!!! 1-1! Torino are level. The visitors respond immediately. A free-kick into the Milan penalty area is only cleared as far as Ricci, who scuffs a volley back into the box. Schuurs reacts the quickest to sweep the ball past Maignan.,1

PULISIC!!! 1-0 MILAN! The hosts lead at San Siro! Milan quickly counter with Pulisic finding Loftus-Cheek, who brilliantly accelerates away from Rodriguez before squaring the ball into the six-yard box. It evades Giroud, but Pulisic arrives to apply the finishing touch.,1

Another Lille substitution now, with Bamba heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Mandava.,0

Romagnoli is booked for his blatant challenge on David, after the striker tried to break forward on the counter and sprint into the Milan half.,2

Lille make a couple more substitutions, the first sees Yazici head off the pitch after his three goal haul and he has been replaced by Yilmaz.,0

Milan make their fifth and final substitution now, with Diaz coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Hauge.,0

Celik is booked for his late challenge on Rafael down the right wing as the Milan man flicked the ball away from him just in the nick of time.,2

Lille now make a double substitution of their own, with Xeka heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Andre.,0

Another double substitution here by Milan and the first change sees Tonali come off the pitch to be replaced by Bennacer.,0

GOOOAAALLL! It's 3-0 and the hat-trick for Yazici! This time it's a counter-attack that catches Milan out and it's the best goal of the night so far. David is played through into the Milan final third, with only one defender in front of him, he opts to square the ball to Yazici to his right and the striker superbly curls it into the bottom left-hand corner of the net, giving Donnarumma no chance.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Lille double their lead, it's 2-0! Yazici plays a quick one-two with Ikone on the edge of the penalty area and then fires a low shot towards the bottom right-hand corner of the net. It looked like Donnarumma would have it covered as it was close to him and he gets a hand to it, but he can't quite push it around the post and it flies into the goal.,1

Milan have made two substitutions ahead of the second half, the first sees Krunic replaced by Calhanoglu.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Zeka after his late foul on Diaz deep inside the Milan half of the pitch.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Yazici puts Lille ahead from the penalty spot, it's 1-0! The striker picks his spot and superbly sends Donnarumma the wrong way, drilling the ball into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

A frustrated Zaire-Emery brings Theate down from behind and sees a yellow card shown in his direction.,2

Gouiri is sent on for Doue with just under 20 minutes left as Rennes look to add fresh legs to the pitch.,0

Wooh is now shown a yellow card for a handball, used to prevent Vitinha's pass from getting into the penalty area. The infringement gives PSG a set-piece 26 yards from goal just to the right; a perfect location for Messi.,2

RENNES DOUBLE THEIR ADVANTAGE! 2-0! There’s no celebration from former PSG striker Kalimuendo, but there’s no doubt he’ll be pleased to give his side a bit of insurance - netting just two minutes after the restart! Verratti’s giveaway in midfield allows Bourigeaud to play it forward for Ugochukwu, who gets into the penalty area and plays an unselfish pass across the face of goal for Kalimuendo to tap in!,1

RENNES TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It’s a straightforward pass from Bourigeaud, whose pin-point accurate delivery finds Toko Ekambi inside the penalty area. The winger takes it down with his chest before lashing a vicious shot that beats Donnarumma at his far corner!,1

After valiantly attempting to carry on, Truffert will be unable to do so. He's being replaced by Meling after just five minutes.,0

NEWCASTLE ARE LEVEL! WOW! The away side throw almost everybody forward for a free-kick, and the set-piece falls to Almiron who lashes an effort across goal from an acute angle. With the loose ball bouncing around all over the place in the centre of the box, neither side are able to get a clean connection on the ball before Lejeune somehow finds a yard of space to fire Newcastle level with the help of goal-line technology. Incredible! 2-2.,1

GOAL! Newcastle pull one back! Everton fail to deal with a corner from the right as it runs all the way through to Almiron at the far post. The midfielder’s effort is blocked and the loose ball loops up in front of Lejeune who acrobatically finds the bottom corner from close range. Game on! 2-1.,1

The hosts make their final substitution as Niasse comes onto the field in place of Walcott. There are only two minutes of normal time left to play.,0

After an impressive performance, Bernard is brought off by Ancelotti with Davies coming on in his place.,0

Everton respond by making their first change of the match as the scorer of the opening goal, Kean, is brought off for Coleman. The Italian receives a standing ovation from the home supporters as he leaves the field.,0

Newcastle make their second substitution of the match as Clark is replaced by Lejeune. There are just over 20 minutes of normal time left to play.,0

Calvert-Lewin is the latest player to go into the book at catching Krafth late with a sliding challenge deep inside the visitors’ half.,2

The visitors make their first change of the game with Krafth coming onto the field in place of Atsu. It remains 2-0.,0

Clark receives the first yellow card of the match after diving in late on Walcott inside the Everton half. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

GOAL! The home side double their lead! Digne receives the ball down the left-hand side of the field and fires a low pass into Calvert-Lewin, who is well placed in the centre of the box. The striker spins away from Fernandez before curling a left-footed shot into the bottom right corner. 2-0.,1

GOAL! Everton take the lead! Mina fires the ball down field for Calvert-Lewin who flicks it into the path of Bernard. The Brazilian controls it well before setting Kean away in behind the Newcastle defence, and the Italian squeezes his shot under Dubravka from the centre of the box. 1-0.,1

GOAL! Madrid have made it 4-0! A last-minute corner is sent short and worked to Odriozola, who then chips a lovely cross over to Gonzalez and sets up the forward to beat Barrio with a well-placed downward header.,1

GOAL! There it is! The win is as good as Madrid's thanks to a close-range tap-in from Odriozola, who is able to take advantage of a goalmouth scramble that the hosts weren't able to clear in time and makes it 3-0.,1

The home side have made another change, with Martinez, who has looked sharp tonight, making way for Amar.,0

Vazquez tried to latch onto the rebound and lead with his arm as he jumped in the air, resulting in him being booked.,2

Melilla have made their first change of the night, with Qasmi receiving a rousing round of applause as he's replaced by Martin.,0

Madrid have decided to make two substitutions before the start of the second half. The first player to come on is Valverde, who replaces Benzema.,0

GOAL! It's 2-0 to Madrid! With the last kick of the first half, Asensio fires a low shot past Barrio and into the back of the net after being set up by a poked pass from Vinicius.,1

GOAL! Madrid are 1-0 up! As expected, the LaLiga giants are able to take the lead thanks to a quick counter-attack, with Odriozola storming down the flank before setting up Benzema to tap in from close range.,1

The yellow card is out once again, and this time it's Chakla who finds himself on the end of it for a mistimed sliding challenge on Vazquez as the hosts press Madrid high up the pitch.,2

Ouch! Melilla do well to bring an end to a determined Madrid attacking move before breaking forward themselves, but Qasmi is immediately fouled from behind by Sanchez and the youngster is shown the game's first yellow card.,2

Duran's attempt to keep the ball at the corner flag is thwarted by Longstaff, so the Villa man clips him from behind to stop a Newcastle break. He's booked for it.,2

Watkins goes off to a standing ovation from the home crowd as Duran comes on for him for the remainder of stoppage time.,0

Villa are making their first change of the match as Emery looks to make sure they keep the clean sheet. Ramsey is taken off, with Chambers on for him.,0

WATKINS SCORES AGAIN! Longstaff lost the ball to McGinn, and he just shrugs Targett off before helping it onto Ramsey at the near post. He squares it into Watkins first time, and he makes no mistake as he picks out the back of the net for the second time in this game. 3-0 Villa!,1

WATKINS SCORES! And this one will count! The disallowed goal gave Villa a much-needed boost to start pushing forward again. Watkins initially tried to tee up McGinn on the edge of the box, but he couldn't find space for a shot, so Moreno squares it back to the forward. He spins away from Schar and puts the ball into the net before Pope can react. 2-0 Villa!,1

Newcastle are making a double change here as they look to get an equaliser. Murphy is the first to go off, with Wilson replacing him.,0

It's a clattering challenge from Schar through the back of Watkins. He's protesting his innocence, but it won't stop him from being shown the first booking of the game.,2

RAMSEY SCORES! Buendia knocks it out to McGinn on the right, and he checks back before whipping an early cross into the far post. Watkins rises high and manages to nod it down for Ramsey, who takes the shot first time, firing it past Pope and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Villa!,1

Ronaldo on a Champions League hat-trick is brought off but that will not impact him in the slightest as he has done a remarkable job for his side here. Chiesa is the man tasked with seeing out the closing minutes as he replaces the Portuguese forward.,0

Argentine Dybala is then brought on for Morata up top as Pirlo opts for fresher legs to see out the game.,0

Cuadrado, who assisted the second goal, is substituted off for Bernardeschi, after having a superb game.,0

Firpo becomes the next name in the book as he is late and catches Bentancur from behind near the right-hand touchline.,2

Puig spins round Danilo and the Brazillian clatters into him on the halfway line, leaving referee Stieler with no other option than to book Juventus' defender.,2

Umtiti, just minutes after being brought on, is cautioned for a late tackle on Morata near the right-hand touchline.,2

Lenglet, who gave away the second penalty of the game and was booked in the first half, is brought off and replaced by the fit-again Umtiti.,0

Morata is booked for blasting the ball away as Barcelona looked to take a quick free-kick inside their own half.,2

GOALL! 3-0! Ter Stegen for the second time this game is sent the wrong way by Ronaldo as the Portuguese forward drills his penalty into the bottom left corner.,1

Trincao is hauled off at half-time and replaced by Braithwaite as the hosts look to get back into this game.,0

Lenglet barges into Morata on the halfway line as the two duel for a throughball and referee Stieler deems the centre-back's foul to be enough to deserve a booking.,2

Ramsey, perhaps for his accumulation of fouls, is booked as he catches Lenglet late in the air. Moments earlier, he had gone in late on De Jong so it was only a matter of time before the referee was forced into taking action.,2

De Jong is fouled rather cynically by Ramsey but it is Alba, who gets the first booking of the game, as his protests come across as dissent towards referee Stieler.,2

WHAT A GOAL!! 2-0! Cuadrado again has space on the right, this time he floats a right-footed cross towards Ronaldo and McKennie near the penalty spot. McKennie then produces an acrobatic right-footed volley to slam past Ter Stegen in the middle of Barcelona’s goal.,1

GOALLLLL! 1-0 JUVENTUS! Ter Stegen dives to his left as Ronaldo places his penalty down the middle to open the scoring!,1

Traore is the first player to go in referee Andre Marriner's book as he is yellow-carded for bringing down Tsimikas.,2

GOAL!!! Liverpool take the lead!!! It is a brilliant goal too, with Elliott taking the ball from his own half all the way to 25 yards out, where he unleashes a superb, dipping effort. Sa tries his best to reach it at full stretch, but it flies past him to make it 1-0 to the visitors.,1

Poor from Draxler as he gives away a free-kick for a foul on Amalfitano. He then compounds the error by booting the ball away, earning a booking.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! CADIZ FIRES DIJON AHEAD!!!! 2-1!!!! What a start to the second half from the home side. Cadiz scores a brilliant individual goal, turning past several challenges before burying his effort past Navas. The forward collects on the left flank and twists and turns his way past Marquinhos. He fakes the strike on his right foot and then goes back on to his left. Cadiz still has work to do, but he places his effort under Navas into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CHOUIAR GETS THE EQUALISER!!! 1-1!! PSG pay for their casual attitude as the home side are back in the game. Ndong whips a low cross into the middle that Navas can only palm out into the box. Chouiar is alert and pounces on the loose ball. He holds his composure to bury a right-footed strike into the bottom right corner amid a crowd of bodies in the box.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MBAPPE CONVERTS!!! 1-0 PSG!!!!! Just like that the visitors take the lead against the run of play. Di Maria releases the run of Mbappe into the left inside channel with a precise throughball. Mbappe holds his composure to flick his effort over the onrushing Gomis into the back of the net. Clinical from Tuchel's men.,1

Kimpembe chops down Cadiz from behind and goes into the book. It has been a fiery start to the contest from both teams.,2

Cadiz gets the wrong side of Kimpembe and then tries to burst through on goal in the right inside channel. However, he catches the PSG defender with an outstretched hand and gives away a free-kick and goes into the book.,2

Ndong clatters Mbappe from behind and goes into the book. It was not a good tackle from the midfielder.,2

GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! That'll seal it for Monza!!! Pessina sets off on one final counter-attack for the hosts and links up with Colombo to his right. The Milan loanee has time to pick his spot and does exactly that, smashing a low shot through Maignan's near post and into the bottom-right corner, doubling his side's lead right at the death and making it 4-2 on the night!,1

GOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL!!!!! Magnificent from Monza!!!! Pessina finds Maldini with a cross-field pass, who links up with Bondo to his right. The substitute lines it up on the edge of the box, and executes perfectly with an even better curler straight into the top-right corner!! A quick VAR check dampens the celebrations for a moment, but the goal is soon confirmed to make it 3-2 with full-time on the horizon!,1

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Milan have levelled it right at the last!! Pulisic's initial attempted cross is a poor one, but he gets a second chance via Thiaw. The USA winger steps inside and goes for goal, curling a delightful left-footed shot into the top corner to spark pandemonium amongst the Milan players!! From 2-0 down, they've clawed it back to 2-2, and may just go on to win it from here!,1

Pessina threatens to split Milan right down the middle as he turns into space on the counter, before Gabbia cynically brings him down off the ball to earn a textbook yellow card!,2

Colpani also comes off inside the final 10 minutes, with Pedro Pereira introduced in his place to see out this potentially massive result for Monza.,0

More subs coming for Monza, with Mota - whose late first-half goal is shaping up to be the winner - withdrawn and another Milan loanee in Daniel Maldini replacing him!,0

Bondo is also booked after shoving Hernandez over in back-play, despite the referee initially playing advantage for Milan.,2

Two yellow cards in quick succession for Monza, with the first issues Mota's way after the winger cut out a Milan counter-attack by handling the ball accidentally!,2

Lorenzo Colombo also comes on for the hosts in place of the booked Djuric, and a goal against his parent club Milan would certainly spark a mix of emotions on the touchline!,0

Monza make their first second-half changes following that goal from Milan, with Valentin Carboni replaced in attack by French wideman Warren Bondo.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Milan pull one back at the other end!!! Florenzi's cross from the right is flicked on by the head of Pulisic at the near post, and Giroud to his left stretches to volley home from close range!! 2-1 with just over 25 minutes left on the clock, and that goal could well set up a nervy ending to this game!,1

With Jovic off in disgrace and Milan now lacking a focal point up front, Stefano Pioli hauls off Bennacer for Olivier Giroud to lead the attacking line.,0

IT'S RED!!! How much worse can things get for Milan?? Replays show that Jovic clearly lashed out at Izzo, and connected too, and the referee has no choice but to rescind the initial booking and show the Rossoneri striker a straight red card!! 2-0 down at the break and now down to 10 players too - the mountain Milan must climb just got a whole lot steeper.,3

Tijjani Reijnders will also come on at the break in place of Adli, completing a trio of alterations for the trailing Rossoneri.,0

It's action stations from Stefano Pioli on the Milan bench, and he makes three substitutions at half-time, the first of which sees frequent saviour Rafael Leao replace Okafor on the left flank.,0

Chukwueze is also replaced on the other wing despite a decent first 45 minutes, and Christian Pulisic is on in his place for the second half.,0

Hernandez cuts inside from the left looking to play a one-two with Jovic, but is prevented from doing so thanks to a body-check by Pessina. He's shown the yellow card, and Milan will get a late chance from this dangerous-looking free-kick.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Monza double their advantage!!! Pessina's long ball from the back is taken down brilliantly by Colpani, who steps between two challenges before finding Mota to his left. The winger pops up in the box, cuts inside Florenzi, and rifles a peach of a shot beyond Maignan into the top corner!!! 2-0 to Monza in sensational fashion, and what a half this is turning out to be for the hosts!!,1

GOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Monza are in front against the might of Milan!! Pessina takes following a long run-up, and nonchalantly slots the ball into the bottom-right corner!!! Maignan dives the wrong way, leaving him with no chance of preventing the former Milan midfielder from putting Monza 1-0 up here!,1

That change of goalkeeper is confirmed by Monza as Alessandro Sorrentino comes on, replacing Di Gregorio who will leave the field for further assessment.,0

Djuric takes a heavy touch on the turn as Monza look to counter, and proceeds to slide studs-first into Bennacer and catch him very late indeed! Milan get the free-kick, and the striker is shown the first yellow card of the game before it's taken.,2

Another one! Havertz exchanges a few words with the assistant referee after a throw-in decision in the far corner. Taylor will not stand for the dissent and cautions the makeshift Arsenal forward.,2

There could be more post-match punishment for these two sides. It is more ill-discipline as Rice hacks down Diaz in the middle, with the Arsenal midfielder shown a yellow card for his cynical tackle.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 3-1 ARSENAL! Look away, again, Alisson. The Liverpool goalkeeper can only hold his hands up once more, having already made a mistake for Martinelli’s strike earlier in the half. Trossard is played in by Kiwior’s pass, dancing past Elliott and Diaz before driving a left-footed strike towards the near post. Alisson should save the low effort but it goes through his legs as the Brazil international disappoints for a second time at the Emirates.,1

Frustrated by how long Saliba takes over a deep free-kick, the Arsenal centre-back is shown a yellow card by referee Taylor. It has not been the most disciplined Premier League clash, let's put it that way.,2

Nunez is cautioned for his furious reaction after the referee does not give a free-kick when Gabriel pulls him back near the halfway line. Tempers are boiling over in north London!,2

LIVERPOOL ARE DOWN TO 10! Elliott's cross is headed away by the Arsenal defence before Nelson looks to counter-attack. The substitute winger dances past Konate in the middle, leaving referee Taylor with no choice. The Liverpool centre-back receives his second yellow card and the Reds go a man down!,3

Klopp enters last-chance saloon in this game, sending on midfielder Thiago for Gomez. The Spain international returns to action for the first time since April.,0

Saka is unable to continue, limping off with a right-leg injury. The Arsenal winger makes way for Nelson, who goes straight over to the right-hand side against Robertson.,0

Arteta opts for fresh legs up top. Martinelli, whose goal proves the difference at the moment, trudges off to be replaced by Trossard.,0

Kiwior is cautioned after an earlier foul on Jota, with referee Taylor coming back to punish the Arsenal defender when play pauses.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! ARSENAL LEAD AGAIN! Van Dijk and Alisson, what are you doing? Gabriel launches a long, somewhat aimless, pass over the Liverpool defence. Van Dijk hovers but does not intervene, with Alisson coming out and missing his clearance entirely. Martinelli, perhaps not believing his luck, accepts an unthinkable gift to roll a right-footed strike into a completely open goal. Arteta’s side are 2-1 up in bizarre circumstances!,1

Gakpo, after that foul from Gabriel, also makes way for Nunez, who was only deemed fit enough for the bench in this clash.,0

In fact, it is a triple change! Klopp also sends on Elliott for Gravenberch, whose pass for Diaz created the uncertainty for Liverpool to equalise on the stroke of half-time.,0

Klopp makes a double change. Alexander-Arnold comes off from right-back, with Robertson coming on. The Scotland international will slot in on the left, with Gomez moving over to the other flank.,0

Gabriel is the next Arsenal man to be shown a yellow card after pushing an arm into the face of Gakpo, who was spinning to race onto Alexander-Arnold's throughball.,2

Saka hooks a clearance long and Konate scrambles under pressure. The Liverpool centre-back cannot get around Havertz, dragging the Arsenal forward down and going into referee Taylor's book for a cynical foul.,2

Arteta wastes no time at the break, bringing off Zinchenko for Kiwior. It remains unclear whether that decision was injury-enforced or tactical.,0

White makes the most of Mac Allister's nudge and wins a free-kick near the right-hand touchline. The Arsenal right-back is deemed to take too long over restarting play, though, and is cautioned by referee Taylor.,2

Mac Allister is dispossessed again by Rice before Havertz breaks over the halfway line. Gomez needlessly tugs back on the Arsenal forward, conceding a free-kick before the referee cautions the Liverpool full-back.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLL! ARSENAL STRIKE FIRST! Lovely football from the Gunners at the back sees Zinchenko touch inside for Odegaard, who plays a first-time pass through for Havertz. The Germany international is one-on-one with Alisson but fires straight at the Liverpool goalkeeper. However, the rebound falls kindly to Saka, who takes a touch down before firing a left-footed effort into the unguarded net. Arteta goes wild on the touchline and his side are 1-0 up!,1

HAZARD FINISHES THE JOB! It's 2-0 Chelsea and that's three points in the bag! Barkley picks him out in space with a lovely ball over the top of the defence, and Hazard finishes expertly from a difficult angle!,1

And Chelsea use the stoppage to go to the bench for the first time, as Barkley comes on at the expense of Loftus-Cheek.,0

West Ham make a change at the break and it's Hernandez, who had scored in each of his last four Premier League away games against Chelsea, who is replaced by Snodgrass.,0

HE DID WHAT?! Chelsea lead 1-0 thanks to an absolutely sensational individual run from Hazard! He took a simple pass 30 yards from goal, turned up the pitch and danced his way through three defenders without breaking stride, before poking a finish in at the far post! That's one of the best bits of individual skill you will see all season!,1

Hazard surges forward on one of his vintage, enterprising runs and has Ogbonna beaten for pace, as the centre-half sticks out an arm to drag him to ground. That's a yellow for Ogbonna, who will be walking a tight line the rest of the way.,2

RONALDO EQUALISES AGAIN! Ronaldo cuts inside from the left, but Zapata slides in to win it off him. Greenwood keeps it alive on the edge of the area by lifting it over two defenders with two good touches before he picks out Ronaldo. He takes the shot on the volley, firing a powerful, low shot past Musso. There's a VAR check for a possible handball against Greenwood, but the goal stands. It's 2-2! ,1

Double change for United as they try to find a late equaliser. McTominay is the first to make way, with Sancho on in his place. ,0

Second change for Atalanta now, and it's Ilicic, who scored the opening goal, who's taken off. Muriel comes on for him.,0

There's a double change for United here and Pogba, who hasn't had the best game today, is the first to go off, with Matic replacing him.,0

ZAPATA SCORES! It's another lovely ball lifted over the top by Palomino to pick out Zapata's run inside from the left, and he's one-on-one with De Gea. Maguire rushes back but can't get there before the forward lifts his shot over De Gea and into the back of the net. The offside flag goes up, but after a VAR check, the goal stands! 2-1 Atalanta! ,1

McTominay initially does well to step in and win the ball off Maehle, but then catches the wing-back in the face as he holds him off. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

There's a change for Atalanta at the break. Djimsiti comes on and slots into the back three, with De Roon moving further forward. Pasalic is the player making way. ,0

RONALDO EQUALISES! It's brilliant from United as they pass it in between Atalanta on the edge of the box. Ronaldo touches it onto Greenwood, who slides it into Fernandes, and his flick opens up the space for Ronaldo in the middle. He takes a touch before firing it past Musso, who couldn't get near it. 1-1! ,1

Varane went straight off the pitch with the medical team, and Solskjaer is going to make an attacking change. United are changing to a back four with Greenwood coming on for the injured defender.,0

ILICIC SCORES! It's a good cross from Zapata on the left of the box behind United's defenders and Ilicic is alert. He gets a lot of power on the shot, firing it down the middle, and it slides under De Gea as he dives and into the back of the net. There's a quick check for offside, but the goal stands! 1-0 Atalanta! ,1

For blatantly pulling back his opponent by the arm, Galhardo concedes a free-kick and receives a merited yellow card.,2

Now Felix - following a quiet showing compared to his midweek heroics - comes off, and another attacking star is brought on: Suarez gets a run-out.,0

The latest booking goes to a Celta player, as Araujo's late challenge on Felix sees the defender shown a yellow card.,2

Having provided a couple of invaluable assists today, Kondogbia has picked up a knock and makes way for Lemar.,0

Simeone reacts to the second goal by making a series of changes. First, Lodi is rewarded for his brace by being rested; De Paul comes on in his place.,0

LODI AT THE DOUBLE! Atleti's flying wing-back strikes again, as Lodi escapes off the back of Mallo on the left side of the area and latches on to another well-measured Kondogbia pass. He then strokes the ball home into the bottom corner to double Atleti's advantage! 2-0 to the champions!,1

The latest man to see yellow is Reinildo, as he recklessly raises his leg in an aerial challenge and brings down Aspas.,2

ATLETI BREAK THROUGH! A brilliant piece of individual skill sees Lodi receive a dropping ball from Kondogbia on the left side of the box, stand Mallo up, then drill a low shot in at an improbable angle, at Dituro's near post. That's a tremendous finish by the Brazilian, and Atletico Madrid go 1-0 up!,1

Having charged out of goal to protest at the latest clash between players in midfield, Oblak has talked his way into the book - that's yet another yellow card.,2

Aspas follows Gimenez into the referee's notebook, for his response to the defender's late challenge.,2

Aspas is brought down by a late tackle from Gimenez, who is shown a deserved yellow card as a result.,2

Despite his protests to the referee, Savic becomes the first player booked, for unfairly halting Mina's run.,2

Aguero’s match ends without a goal as Gabriel Jesus replaces the Argentina international with just minutes remaining.,0

Walker receives a yellow card for a very poor tackle right in front of the technical area. A bit of pushing ensues, but Guardiola makes sure to send his right-back away from the fracas, saving him from a potential red card.,2

MAHREZ MAKES THE DIFFERENCE AS CITY LEAD 1-0! The breakthrough has finally come after some quick ball movement in and around the penalty area allows David Silva to find Mahrez near the right-hand post. It’s a simple rolled pass to the former Premier League winner with Leicester City – who fires his shot first time past Boruc!,1

Walcott very slowly makes his way off the field with the medical team before going down the tunnel and Adams replaces him.,0

Ward-Prowse thinks he should have a throw-in so he puts his hands up to block the one that Watkins takes. It wasn't Southampton's throw though and he's booked for handball.,2

BARKLEY SCORES! Grealish swings the cross into the box and nobody spots Barkley's run through the middle of the box. He has a free header and uses the pace of the ball to help it past McCarthy and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Villa!,1

GOAL! Ings makes it 3-2 from the penalty spot! What an end to the game here at Vicarage Road. The striker sends Bachmann the wrong way, firing it into the middle of the net. Can Villa nick a draw in stoppage time?,1

Etebo gives away a clear free-kick, just tripping Ramsey as he sprinted foward. The referee had no choice but to show him a yellow card.,2

GOAL! McGinn pulls one back for Villa, it's 3-1! Another terrific strike, with McGinn finding space on the edge of box and he fires it into the back of the net, with Bachmann having no chance of stopping it. Surely it is only a consolation strike for the visitors, but it gives them hope with 20 minutes left to play!,1

GOAL! What a strike by Hernandez to make it 3-0! Villa commit a couple of fouls on the halfway line, but the referee allows play to continue as Watford break up the pitch through Hernandez. He then cuts inside onto his right foot and curls the ball into the top right corner of the net. Martinez had no chance of saving that!,1

Here is the enforced Watford change, with Dennis having to come off with the injury picked up a few minutes ago. Hernandez is his replacement.,0

Another booking, this time it's for Sema, after Cash nicks the ball away from him and Sema then pulls his shirt and drags him back.,2

Mings is the first Villa player to be booked, after he dives into a challenge with Cathcart and catches the Watford defender late.,2

Villa have made a change ahead of the second half, with Targett the man coming off and Ramsey is his replacement.,0

GOAL! Watford double their lead just before the break, it's 2-0! They counter quickly and catch Villa out at the back, with Dennis laying it out to Sarr on the overlap, who drills a shot towards goal and it takes a big deflection off Mings, which sends it up and over Martinez and into the back of the net.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Kucka for a late challenge on McGinn, as the Villa midfielder just got to the ball first and the Watford man caught him.,2

GOAL! Watford take the lead after 10 minutes, it’s 1-0! It comes from their first attack of the game, with Sarr doing brilliantly down the right wing, getting into the final third and then pulling it back to Dennis in the box. However, he sees his first effort well blocked by Konsa, but the rebound falls straight back to him and this time he makes no mistakes, firing it underneath Martinez and into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLL! CANDREVA SCORES AGAINST HIS OLD CLUB! 1-1! Inter should have scored three or four but the game is now level. Dia lays the ball down the right flank with Candreva stretching the pitch. He looks to put a cross into the box, but it goes over the head of Onana and into the net.,1

Lukaku has one assist to his name but should really have two after playing the ball into the feet of Martinez who couldn't finish the chance. Dzeko comes on.,0

Vilhena has been at the heart of Salernitana's midfield and is now coming off. Bohinen is on for the final 11 minutes.,0

Gosens, who has scored the only goal of the game so far, has started to tire on the left and is now coming off. Dimarco comes on in his place.,0

Asllani has taken every free-kick and corner for Inter, but is now coming off. Gagliardini takes his place.,0

Straight swap in Inter's midfeild. Barella, who hit the post in the second half, is replaced by Brozovic.,0

Correa was a constant threat in the first 45 minutes but has been quiet in the second. Martinez replaces him up front.,0

Salernitana make a switch at centre-back. Pirola is given a rest with former Watford defender Troost-Ekong now on.,0

Salernitana are behind and have decided to make their first change of the game. Dia is on for Bronn. Kastanos is now further back with Dia in the attack.,0

Salernitana recieve their first yellow card of the game after Coulibaly's late tackle on Mkhitaryan. He will now miss the next game.,2

GOALLLLL! GOSENS FINDS THE BACK OF THE NET! 1-0 INTER! What a start for Inter. Asllani chips the ball towards Lukaku who tries to flick it into the path of Correa. It goes past the Argentine but straight to Gosens who finds the top corner.,1

THE SUPER SUB SCORES! 3-0! Anthony wins the free-kick and scores within 120 seconds of coming onto the pitch, getting on the end of Cook’s pinpoint delivery to nod the ball past Pickford from inside the six-yard box!,1

Moore comes off after 67 minutes in the first substitution of the match, with Anthony sent on to replace him for Bournemouth.,0

Senesi forcefully and clumsily charges through the back of Patterson and earns the first yellow card of the match.,2

In addition to the problem with Tarkowski, Mykolenko has sustained an injury during his attempt to beat Moore to Tavernier’s pass and will be forced off just before the half-hour mark. Coleman comes into the match to replace the Ukraine international.,0

BOURNEMOUTH DOUBLE THE ADVANTAGE! 2-0! Zemura puts a cross into the penalty area which is initially repelled by Tarkowski, who goes down with an apparent head injury. Play continues and Billing keeps the ball in play and fires an acute-angle shot which is parried by Pickford, only for Taviernier to latch onto it and head it back across for Moore. The strong striker beats Mykolenko in the air and finishes with aplomb!,1

THE CHERRIES TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! The winger is first to the loose ball after Solanke’s curled strike from 18 yards out is only parried by Pickford. With the goalkeeper unable to secure the strike at the first time of asking, it falls into the path of Tavernier, who is able to stab it home!,1

Muniain, Athletic's scorer, given a breather going into the late stages of this contest. He's off and the experienced De Marcos comes on for further reinforcement.,0

A fourth substitution now for Atletico and it's an attacking one. Correa the man called upon. Off goes Llorente.,0

Garitano responds to Simeone's changes by making two of his own. In midfield, it's Vesga on for Lopez.,0

An hour gone and Simeone rings the changes. On comes Morata in attack, replacing the goalscorer Costa.,0

Williams frustrated after giving away a soft foul and his mood won't be helped by receiving a yellow card for slamming the ball into the ground.,2

GOOOAAALLL!! Atletico equalise almost immediately and it's Costa with the goal. The striker rolls back the years with a predatory finish. Martinez rushes out and leaves Costa free to receive Koke's pass, turn and finish neatly into the bottom left corner. All of a sudden it's 1-1!,1

GOOOAAALLL!! Oblak can't keep that one out! Athletic have been coming hard and now they have the opener through Muniain. The play comes left to Yuri, who rewards his captain's darting run with a classy low cross inside. Muniain's first-time finish takes a slight touch off Partey and nestles in the bottom right corner. Athletic lead 1-0.,1

Full-blooded challenges aplenty in the first few minutes and Muniain pays a price. He's shown a yellow card for going through Partey.,2

Reguilon refuses to give the ball back to Chelsea for a restart and is booked, the third such United booking in that fashion.,2

Garnacho has been one of United's standout performers, with eight attempts and three chances created, but he is sacrificed for the experience and defensive nous of Evans in the closing stages.,0

The wait for Hojlund's first Premier League goal goes on as Rashford, dropped for this match, is called from the bench.,0

Sterling attempts to get away from Dalot midway into the United half but cannot, at least winning a free-kick and a yellow card for the full-back.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! McTominay again! It is 2-1 to United! Garnacho swings over a cross to the far post, and there is an overload, three United players running in unchecked. McTominay heads high into the net.,1

Chelsea have their own defensive switch as James replaces Cucurella, who was surprisingly preferred at right-back.,0

United make a change at the break, with Lindelof replaced by Reguilon, who will play at left-back with Shaw moving inside.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! Palmer! Brilliant! Chelsea are back on level terms after a wonderful, precise Palmer finish. He delays and delays and delays as he runs across the penalty area, eventually aiming a pinpoint effort into the far bottom-right corner. Onana is scrambling and cannot get there. It is 1-1 at Old Trafford!,1

Garnacho becomes the second United player to foolishly go into the book. He thinks he is fouled by Cucurella and responds by tugging back his opponent. When the free-kick goes Chelsea's way, Garnacho stops himself from kicking the ball away, only to instead throw it angrily into the ground and earn a booking.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! United have a deserved 1-0 lead! McTominay slams into the net after Maguire's shot is blocked in the box. Chelsea are never able to clear following a United corner, and the pressure finally tells.,1

The first card goes to Shaw, who kicks the ball away, prompting appeals from Chelsea players and eventually a yellow.,2

Bournemouth are making a double change now. Solanke is the first to go off, with Moore on in his place.,0

Fulham are making their fourth change as they continue to push for a late winner. It's Pereira that's going off, with Vinicius on for him.,0

Ream and Christie both tried to control the ball in the air, but the defender ended up standing on Christie's foot afterwards. It was accidental, but he's booked for it.,2

MITROVIC SCORES! After winning the penalty, he steps up to take it himself. It's a confident strike from the forward as he gets a lot of power behind it, curling it just to the left of Neto as the keeper dives to his right. 2-2!,1

Fulham are making a double change at the break as they look to get back into this game. James is the first to go off, with Willian replacing him.,0

Smith had already played the ball on when De Cordova-Reid slid in with a late challenge, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

LERMA SCORES! It's great work from Solanke down the right and the Fulham players sit back as he cuts into the box. He lays it into Lerma's path and he hits the shot first time, keeping it low as he rifles it past Leno into the near bottom corner. 2-1 Bournemouth!,1

DIOP SCORES! It's a good corner from Pereira, and he picks out Diop just inside the six-yard box after he gets in front of Senesi. He glances his header on and Neto does get a hand to it, but he can't stop it from crossing the line. 1-1!,1

SOLANKE SCORES! What a start for Bournemouth! Smith fires it into Solanke from the halfway line with help from a deflection off Reed. He then touches it through for Billing, and he pulls it back from the byline. Solanke continued his run before volleying it over Leno from close range first time. 1-0 Bournemouth!,1

Despite the scoreline, Ferrier has caused United plenty of issues today and he departs after an excellent display for Mullin.,0

GREENWOOD SCORES THE PENALTY! 6-0! Greenwood steps up confidently and sends Davies the wrong way with a calm finish, low into the bottom corner!,1

Davies is booked for bringing down Chong in the area and he'll be relieved not to have been shown a red card there. ,2

MARTIAL MAKES IT FIVE! 5-0! Tranmere back off Martial on the edge of the area, before the attacker whips a curling effort at goal that flicks off Clarke on its way into the top corner, leaving Davies motionless!,1

UNITED GET A FOURTH! 4-0! Pereira puts in an outswinging cross that drifts towards Jones at the back post, who simply rises to cushion a looping header back over Davies and into the left corner!,1

A THIRD GOAL IN QUICK SUCCESSION FOR UNITED! 3-0! It's another moment of true quality from the Premier League side as Lingard receives possession 25 yards out, before curling a bending effort into the top right corner across Davies!,1

UNITED DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! Martial slips a pass out towards Dalot on the right wing, allowing the defender to jink past Ridehalgh, before entering the box and lashing a fierce shot across goal that flashes past Davies and into the bottom corner! Another brilliant finish!,1

MANCHESTER UNITED TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! That's a brilliant strike from Maguire! Tranmere back off United as they slow build an attack in midfield, before Maguire strolls out of defence to fire a swerving shot from 30 yards that glances off Clarke's head before spiraling into the top corner! Davies stood no chance!,1

MARTINEZ!!! 4-0! What a strike by the skipper! After his initial pass is intercepted, Martinez regains possession from Payero in the centre-circle and drives into the heart of the Udinese defence. Arnautovic makes a smart run to draw a defender and create space for the skipper, who subsequently fires past Silvestri from 20 yards.,1

Mkhitaryan is the latest Inter player to be given a well-earned rest. Sensi comes on in place of the Armenian.,0

There is activity on the Udinese bench. Lucca, who scored twice against Verona last time out, makes way with Thauvin taking his place.,0

Calhanoglu, who opened the scoring from the penalty spot, is also given a breather. Asllani is the player to come on in his place.,0

Inter make another two changes. The scorer of the second goal, Dimarco goes off to be replaced by Cuadrado.,0

Ebosele is also given a breather by Cioffi. Kristensen comes on in place of the Republic of Ireland international.,0

Udinese make a double-substitution. The first of these sees Samardzic make way to be replaced by Lovric.,0

Thuram, who made it 3-0 just before the break, also makes way for the hosts. Arnautovic comes on in his place.,0

Returning today after three games out, Bastoni is given a breather by Inzaghi. Augusto takes his place in the three-man defence.,0

THURAM!!! 3-0! This is relentless from Inter! The Nerazzurri attack down the left and Dimarco lays the ball back for Mkhitaryan, who clips a wonderful first-time cross to the far post. There, Thuram escapes his marker to apply the finishing touch to a move that consisted of 21 passes!,1

DIMARCO!!! 2-0 INTER! The hosts double their lead as they ruthlessly punish Udinese's sloppiness just outside their own penalty area. Martinez wins the ball back and Calhanoglu quickly sprays it out to an unmarked Dimarco, who brilliantly drills across Silvestri and into the bottom right corner.,1

CALHANOGLU!!! 1-0 INTER! The Turkey midfielder steps up to the spot and calmly sends Silvestri the wrong way from 12 yards, as he confidently sweeps the ball into the bottom left corner.,1

Ferreira collides with Bastoni in a robust challenge on the left wing, and receives the first yellow card of the game.,2

Trippier comes on for Arias to try and offer Atletico a little more of a threat going forward in the closing minutes.   ,0

Trigueros is shown a yellow card after cynically tripping Herrera with a lunging slide tackle just as Atletico attempted a counter-attack.   ,2

Iborra is replaced by Morlanes in the base of the Villarreal midfield after failing to overcome his earlier injury.  ,0

Thomas is replaced by Vitolo in a change that'll prompt Saul to move from the wing into a central role as Atletico look to push for the opening goal. ,0

Zambo Anguissa is shown a yellow card after clumsily standing on Saul's foot near the centre-circle.   ,2

Morata is booked for a late tackle on Torres, just as the Villarreal defending was clearing the ball away.  ,2

RED CARD! CARVAJAL IS SENT OFF! Two yellow cards in as many minutes for the substitute, who is dragged back by Kike Perez as he attempts to get the ball forward for Madrid. However, he appears to lash out at the Rayo midfielder, who goes down clutching his face, and can have no complaints as he is sent for an early bath.,3

Garcia was also in no hurry to depart the action. Like De Tomas, he had his name taken by the referee.,2

The hosts make two more changes. The first of these sees Falcao come on in place of De Tomas, whose penalty looks like it may earn his side a point.,0

Camavinga is frustrated by the referee's decision not to award Madrid a penalty. He takes his frustrations too far, though, and receives a yellow card that rules him out of next weekend's match against Sevilla.,2

Palazon goes into the book for catching Modric late. He will miss next Monday's game against Girona as a result.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! DE TOMAS!!! 1-1! Rayo are level! The man who loves playing Madrid has his first LaLiga goal of the season. Stepping up to the spot, he calmly thumps the ball down the centre of the goal as Lunin dives to his left.,1

2-2! Again it’s Ronaldo - and again the forward makes no mistake from the spot as he blasts his effort past the outstretched arm of Gollini!,1

Hateboer goes into a reckless tackle in midfield on Alex Sandro - giving Juve a free-kick within Ronaldo’s shooting range.,2

MALINOVSKIY UNLEASHES A THUNDERBOLT! Muriel drags two defenders to him on the left edge of the penalty area, before playing a superb square pass across the 18 for Malinovskiy. The substitute’s first touch gets him free of a Juve defender and into space, which allows him to smash a shot past Szczesny! 2-1 Atalanta!,1

Juventus remain in pursuit of a goal as Dybala sees his number up on the board. Higuain is tasked with finding the winner.,0

Gomez is also taken out as the captain will be given an extra 20 minutes rest. Malinovskiy is his replacement.,0

Gasperini looks to change things with two substitutions, the first of which sees Zapata withdrawn in favour of Muriel.,0

Pasalic has only just entered the match but he’s already shown a yellow card after illegally impeding Matuidi’s progress.,2

Immediately after drawing level, Sarri makes two changes - the first seeing Alex Sandro sent on in Danilo’s place.,0

Cuadrado’s late challenge on the ankle of Zapata earns him a yellow card - forcing him to miss Juve’s next match.,2

ZAPATA PUTS THE VISITORS AHEAD! Freuler wins the ball from Dybala in midfield, setting Gomez off darting towards Szczesny’s penalty area. A lovely interchange on the edge of the 18 delivers Zapata the ball before he outmuscles a defender and finds the back of the net! 1-0 Atalanta!,1

Bernardeschi slides in to win the loose ball but with his studs showing, he catches the shin of Castagne, who is left hopping in pain. It’s a yellow card for the winger and a free-kick for the visitors.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MODESTE EQUALISES AT THE DEATH!!!!! 2-2!!!!!!!!!!!!! Modeste atones for his earlier miss with a header at the back post to earn Dortmund a share of the spoils. Adeyemi clips a hopeful ball forward that Schlotterbeck does brilliantly to keep alive on the slide in the inside-right channel. He has time to pick his spot with a cross to the back post where Modeste rises and powers a header into the back of the net. A huge goal for Dortmund to stop a run of eight-straight defeats to Bayern.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MOUKOKO GETS ONE BACK FOR DORTMUND!!!!!! 2-1!!!!! The home side are back in the game as Moukoko steers a left-footed strike past Neuer. Modeste is released into space by Guerreiro and he does well to beat the challenge of Upamecamo. He offloads to Moukoko on the charge and the forward completes the finish to find the back of the net. Game on!,1

Mazraoui replaces De Ligt in the Bayern backline. Pavard will move into a central position alongside Upamecano.,0

Goretzka goes into the book for a challenge on Bellingham. That will not improve the mood of Dortmund, who feel that he should have been booked twice in the first half.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! SANE HAMMERS HOME A SECOND!!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!!! Sane collects a loose ball and drills a strike through Meyer from 20 yards. Musiala causes problems for the home side as he outbattles Ozcan to force an offload in the direction of Sane through the aid of a deflection. Sane fires low and hard at goal, smashing the ball through the hands of Meyer. The Dortmund keeper should do better there.,1

Can loses possession, but he feels that he was fouled. He carries on tracking back and brings down Gnabry, resulting in a booking.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! GORETZKA FINDS THE NET!!!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!!!! Goretzka breaks the deadlock with a perfect low strike into the bottom-left corner. Musiala twists and turns in the Dortmund box before offloading back to Goretzka on the edge of the box. He lines up a low strike on his right foot that travels through a crowd of players before finding the back of the net. Meyer was unsighted and could not reach it with his desperate dive.,1

Bellingham goes into the book for a challenge on Musiala. He did get the ball first and the Bayern midfielder did collide and fall into him after the fact. A harsh one.,2

De Ligt gets a delayed yellow card after wiping out Bellingham. Two Bayern players are now in the book.,2

Sabitzer brings down Moukoko with a strong challenge and goes into the book. The referee sets the tone from the off.,2

The Blades go even more attacking as they replace defensive-midfielder Ampadu, with a more creative option in Norwood.,0

The away side make an attacking change they replace a defender with a midfielder: Robinson departs with the creative Fleck coming on.  ,0

MEE HEADS IT IN! 1-0 BURNLEY! The hosts take the lead as Brady swings in a deep corner that's met by Mee at the back post, where he manages to guide it past Ramsdale and into the bottom corner!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PERISIC CURLS A HOME SUPER STRIKE!!!!! 4-2 INTER!!!! Inter are surely on their way to lifting the Coppa Italia as Perisic notches his second of the game. The wing-back is afforded space and time on the edge of the box after collecting Dimarco's offload. He bends his effort away from Perin into the top-right corner to send the Inter fans into raptures.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PERISIC CONVERTS!!!!! 3-2 INTER!!!!! The Nerazzurri lead again in the Coppa Italia final as the veteran holds his nerve from 12 yards. Perisic fires his effort high into the top-left corner sending Perin the wrong way. A perfect penalty.,1

Vidal enters the action for Calhanoglu, who scored the decisive equaliser from the spot for the Nerazzurri.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! CALHANOGLU LEVELS THE FINAL!!!!! 2-2!!!!!! The Nerazzurri are level in the contest as Calhanoglu holds his nerve to find the back of the net. Calhanoglu fires high and hard on his right foot into the top-right corner. Perin guesses the right way, but the ball sails high above him to allow Inter to equalise.,1

Bonucci is on for Bernardeschi as Allegri looks to shore up the Juve defence. It looks like a 3-5-2 system now.,0

Brozovic pulls back Dybala on a charge upfield and goes into the book. He boots the ball away in frustration and the Juve players want a second yellow, but the official is not convinced.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VLAHOVIC SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!!! JUVE LEAD 2-1!!!!! Juve complete an early comeback in the second half as Vlahovic scores at the second attempt. Dybala releases the forward in the final third after a quick break following an Inter corner. Vlahovic bursts into the box and sees his first strike blocked by the face of Handanovic. The rebound falls kindly for the forward and he dispatches his second effort into the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MORATA GETS JUVE LEVEL!!!!!! 1-1!!!! The Bianconeri have their equaliser as Sandro's shot deflects off Morata before escaping the grasp of Handanovic to find the bottom-left corner. Juve open up the Inter defence and Vlahovic sees his strike at goal blocked by De Vrij. However, Sandro pounces on the rebound and fired towards the net on his left foot. It hits Morata and the deflection causes problems for Handanovic, who cannot prevent the ball from finding the net.,1

Allegri makes an attacking change as Danilo is replaced by Morata. Cuadrado will likely drop into right-back and Dybala to the right wing as Morata wil join Vlahovic in the final third.,0

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BARELLA FIRES INTER IN FRONT WITH A STUNNER!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! It is first blood to the Nerazzurri in the final as Barella finds the top-right corner with a super effort. The midfielder cuts in from the left flank and is allowed space and time to fire at goal from the edge of the box. His effort travels through a crowd to unsight Perin and he can only watch as the ball soars into the net. A super effort from Barella.,1

With Danilo receiving treatment, Verona use this time to make their final two alterations. First up is Coppola, who comes on at full-back in place of Tchatchoua.,0

Juventus use their final substitution of the game in a straight swap on the right wing, with Weah on for Cambiaso.,0

Allegri continues to roll the dice in search of a late winner, with Vlahovic removed in favour of Milik in attack.,0

Verona use this opportunity to make a second change with 16 minutes remaining, as Lazovic sees his number go up on the board. Vinagre is sent into the fray, with the result still hanging in the balance.,0

Confirmation of the enforced change, as Folorunsho will not be able to continue. Belahyane comes on in relief.,0

Noslin looks to be suffering from a bit of cramping in his legs, which has forced Baroni into a change. It's Swiderski who will take over in attack for the final 25 minutes.,0

PERFECTLY PLACED! 2-2! The Verona lead stands for just three minutes, with Juventus hitting back almost immediately to equalise. Locatelli’s first-time pass across the 18-yard box finds an unmarked Rabiot at the back post, with the midfielder catching the bouncing ball sweetly to beat Montipo with power and accuracy!,1

VERONA RETAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! Suslov meets the ball with a heavy touch just outside of Juventus’ penalty area before he’s taken out by a tackle, with the referee allowing play to continue. Folorunsho picks up possession and plays an incisive pass towards the byline for Noslin, who greets it with a first-time finish through the legs of Szczesny!,1

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 1-1! Vlahovic steps up and hammers his penalty with power, leaving Montipo with absolutely no chance as he blasts his effort past the goalkeeper!,1

A SIMPLY SUBLIME GOAL! 1-0 VERONA! It’s a strike of the highest quality, with Folorunsho latching onto Rabiot’s headed clearance following Suslov’s inswinging corner. The forward doesn’t think twice about hitting a left-footed volley while jumping backwards just outside the penalty area, sending his inventive hit over the outstretched arm of Szczesny and in!,1

Konsa's desperation gets the better of him as he gets into an argument in the centre-circle which sees him pick up a yellow card.,2

Tempers are flaring as Neto and Young come together in midfield to have words, with pushing and shoving ensuing. It's a yellow for the Wolves forward, who was unable to keep his calm.,2

Young fails to avoid detection as the referee walks over after showing Neto a card and brandishes the yellow for the Aston Villa full-back.,2

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 2-1! Watkins steps up confidently and rolls his penalty down the right, with the ball striking the inside base of the post before nestling in the back of the goal!,1

Coutinho makes way for Buendia as Gerrard continues to search for a way to get his side back in the game.,0

Jonny is shown a yellow card for pulling back Coutinho in midfield after the Brazil international had turned away from his marker.,2

A frustrated McGinn cuts across Podence and takes his legs out from underneath him - earning the Aston Villa player a yellow card.,2

Coady charges through the back of Ramsey and brings down the midfielder 30 yards from goal - giving Aston Villa a free-kick well within range for a shot on target and earning the Wolves captain a yellow card.,2

Confirmation of the enforced change just 13 minutes into the match as Young replaces the injured Digne.,0

A CLEAN STRIKE FROM THE WING-BACK MAKES IT 1-0! Poor defending from Aston Villa costs them, after a McGinn slip in midfield leads to a Wolves counter-attack. Moutinho comes forward and plays a chipped pass out to the left for Podence, which only arrives at the foot of the winger after a slip from Konsa. He drives inside and sees his shot blocked, as does Silva - but third time’s the charm as Jonny comes steaming into the penalty area to hammer a volley past Martinez!,1

Guendouzi takes down Meyer in midfield which stops a final Crystal Palace attack. The Arsenal player is booked, and the home side have one more chance! ,2

MILIVOJEVIC HAS A DOUBLE FROM THE SPOT! 2-2 after the midfielder hammers home his penalty, blasting it over the outstretched hand of Leno and into the top-left corner! ,1

One too many challenges for Lichtsteiner who finally enters the referee’s notebook after a sliding tackle on Zaha on the Palace left wing.  ,2

Aubameyang goes off to a loud applause from the visiting support, as the striker is removed for Aaron Ramsey. ,0

Ozil is called to the bench as Emery looks to change things up, with Welbeck chosen as his replacement. The exiting player seems furious with that decision as he walks past the manager on his way to his seat.,0

Ayew has rarely been involved in the attack and he is the next to be withdrawn for Crystal Palace. Sorloth is his replacement.,0

Hodgson makes his first change of the match, with Max Meyer entering the midfield in place of James McArthur.,0

AUBAMEYANG GIVES ARSENAL THE 2-1 LEAD! There is a bit of controversy in the build-up to the goal, as it looks as though Lacazette’s near-post flick for Aubameyang came off his arm. The goal is allowed to stand after the Gabon international stabs the ball narrowly over the line, beating Hennessey who has his body in the way.  What a turnaround!  ,1

OH MY WORD WHAT AN ABSOLUTELY SENSATIONAL FREE-KICK! 1-1 after an unbelievable strike by Xhaka from just outside the right-hand corner of the penalty area beats Hennessey from the free-kick. Ozil stands back, allowing the left-back to run up and curl a peach into the far corner – though the goalkeeper gets fingertips to it before it flies past him. The visitors have clawed back and are now level once again!  ,1

MILIVOJEVIC GIVES PALACE THE 1-0 LEAD! The central-midfielder rolls his penalty coolly into the corner of the net and sends Leno the wrong way to make Mustafi pay for his error!,1

Klopp brings on a defender for an attacker, with Lovren introduced in place of Salah for the closing stages. Liverpool are nearly over the line!,0

Llorente is brought on for Eriksen as Pochettino goes all out for an equaliser. There are three more minutes of added time to come.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! LIVERPOOL 1-1 TOTTENHAM! What a huge goal this could be not just in the title picture but also in the race for a top-four finish. Kane's quick thinking pays off as his diagonal free-kick from deep is brought under control by Trippier towards the right and fed to Eriksen, who rolls it across to Lucas to finish from close range. ,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! LIVERPOOL 1-0 TOTTENHAM! Liverpool open the scoring through the first on-target attempt of the contest. The hosts' two full-backs have been given plenty of space so far - a big disadvantage of Tottenham's 3-5-2 formation - and Robertson makes the most of it. Firmino gets between Vertonghen and Sanchez to meet Robertson's delivery, heading the ball into the ground and past Lloris.,1

GOAL! JOAQUIN CORREA DOUBLES UP FOR INTER! 2-0! That will be game, set and match now! Dumfries cuts it back, the forward finds it on the edge of the box and he drags another sweet finish past Silvestri. Job just about done in the space of 10 minutes for the hosts.,1

GOAL! JOAQUIN CORREA BREAKS THE DEADLOCK FOR INTER! 1-0! A massive impact, an absolutely massive impact! He latches onto a throughball, carves his way inside three defenders and sticks a superb low finish in. Fantastic stuff!,1

Harriott played well during his time on the pitch, making his first start in two years. He makes way for Meite.,0

Ilori makes way after falling awkwardly in the first half. Aluko replaces him, which sees a re-shuffle at the back. Rinomhota drops into right-back, while Yiadom moves across into the middle of the line.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! LUKAKU DOUBLES UNITED'S LEAD!!! 2-0!!! The home side extend their advantage as Lukaku rounds Jaakkola before slotting into an empty net. Swift gave the ball away in the build-up, allowing United to break with speed. Sanchez released the Belgian beyond the last defender and he took a touch to evade the Reading keeper and then finished from a slight angle. It's harsh on the visitors, but United have been clinical.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!!! MATA CONVERTS!! UNITED 1-0!!! The Spaniard opens the scoring this afternoon as he holds his composure from 12 yards. Mata curls his effort into the bottom corner, sending Jaakkola the wrong way.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SON PUTS TOTTENHAM AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! Spurs take the lead due to a howler from Dubravka as he allows Son's shot to squirm under his body and into the net. Llorente worked the ball into the path of the winger on the edge of the box. He carved out space for a strike on his right foot, and although it was hit with power, it was straight at the Newcastle keeper. However, Dubravka let it slip past him and into the back of the net.,1

A bit of a shoving match breaks out after a Hateboer foul on Chiesa, with the Juventus winger not happy with the physical treatment. The referee looks to diffuse the situation and shows the Italy international a yellow card for his reaction.,2

Hojlund's match comes to an end after 83 minutes. Muriel is tasked with leading the line for the rest of the game.,0

ANOTHER TWIST IN THE TALE! 3-3! INCREDIBLE! Di Maria looks to step up and take the free-kick but he instead lays it off behind him for Danilo, with the Juventus captain striking a low first-time effort that gets past the wall and beats the outstretched hand of Musso!,1

LOOKMAN GIVES ATALANTA THE LEAD AGAIN! 3-2! What a match! Boga gets free on the left wing and moves Danilo to and fro before digging out a cross towards the penalty spot. Lookman rises highest to attack the delivery and puts his clinical header past Szczesny!,1

Ederson's cynical pull on Sandro's jersey is one challenge too many for the referee, who shows the Atalanta midfielder a yellow card.,2

MAEHLE RESTORES PARITY AFTER 30 SECONDS! 2-2! A mistake at the back is punished by Atalanta, with Danilo’s sloppy pass into midfield cut out almost immediately by Scalvini. The centre-back finds Lookman with a square pass and the forward immediately pushes it through the lines for the run of Maehle. The wing-back puts the slightest of touches on his shot - just enough to feather it into the far corner!,1

JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 2-1! Atalanta lose possession in their own half after Juve’s unsuccessful corner-kick, which gives the visitors numbers inside opposition territory. Fagioli is given time and space on the right wing and he picks out a lovely cross for Milik, who volleys home at the first time of asking!,1

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 1-1! Di Maria steps up coolly and dispatches his penalty into the bottom corner, sending Musso the wrong way in the process! It’s all tied up at Allianz Stadium!,1

Palomino goes down off the ball and immediately signals for a change, with the centre-back limping off the pitch shaking his head. Demiral readies himself and enters the game in his place as Atalanta are forced into a change after 15 minutes.,0

LOOKMAN GIVES ATALANTA THE LEAD! 1-0! It's a perfect start for the visitors, with Boga allowed to get to the edge of Juve's 18-yard box under little pressure. The forward looks up and shifts the ball to his right for Lookman, who puts it on his right foot before taking an acute-angle shot that beats Szczesny at his near post!,1

Final United substitution now and it's Fred who heads off the pitch and he has been replaced by Diallo.,0

Another Leicester substitution now, with Vardy the man coming off and he has been replaced by Choudhury.,0

GOAL! Iheanacho with his second of the game and he makes it 3-1! Albrighton whips a superb free-kick into the penalty area and it flies towards the back post, where Iheanacho was lurking. The striker gets away from McTominay, who fails to deal with it and Iheanacho heads home from just a couple of yards out. Henderson gets a hand to it, but he can’t stop it from going in.,1

Evans is booked after he catches Fernandes late, although it looks like the Leicester man slipped, which caused the contact.,2

Leicester make their first change of the game now, with Perez the man coming off and he has been replaced by Praet.,0

McTominay is booked after he barges into the back of Perez in midfield. The United man pleads his innocence but the referee disagrees.,2

Albrighton is the first Leicester player to be booked, after he pulls back Shaw as the left-back evaded him.,2

Here come the United substitutions, with Pogba one of those coming off and he has been replaced by McTominay.,0

GOAL! Leicester take the lead again, Tielemans makes it 2-1! The midfielder plays a lovely one-two with Iheanacho around Matic and he then sprints into the final third and United just back off and don’t get close enough to him. Vardy runs wide to open up the space down the middle and Tielemans opts to shoot and he drills the ball into the bottom left corner of the net. Lovely move and finish.,1

GOAL! Greenwood equalises for United, it’s 1-1! It comes from their first real attack of the game and they open up Leicester at the back. Pogba does well down the left wing, getting to the byline and pulls the ball back to Van de Beek, however, he gets a shout from Greenwood behind him and dummies it. The striker then races onto the end of the cross and drills it into the back of the net.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Maguire, after the United skipper brings Iheanacho down, stopping him from getting into the penalty area.,2

GOAL! Iheanacho fires Leicester into the lead, it’s 1-0! United try and play it out from the back, with Maguire playing it to Fred on the edge of the box and the midfielder is quickly put under pressure and has to play it back to Henderson. However, the pass is poor and doesn’t reach the keeper, so Iheanacho races onto the end of it, rounds Henderson and then passes it into the back of the net from just a few yards out.,1

Another change for Wolves. Podence, who created the opener, has been replaced by Neves, who will add some extra composure to the midfield.,0

McBurnie now becomes the second player to go into the book, with referee Mike Dean adjudging the striker to have fouled Jimenez. It seemed harsh.,2

GOAL! IT’S 2-0 WOLVES! What a torrid start for United, as they allow Saiss a free run at Neto’s corner, and the defender planted a brilliant header beyond Ramsdale.,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!!!! WOLVES LEAD! What a brilliant finish from Jimenez, who has side-footed the visitors ahead after just three minutes. Podence created it, with the forward having skipped away from Lundstram down the left before drilling a fine cross from which Jimenez finished expertly. Sheff Utd 0-1 Wolves.,1

Another frustrated challenge from PSG results in a yellow card, and this time it's Danilo that takes out Jesus from behind without getting close to the ball.,2

It's an awful challenge from Kimpembe as he slides in, sweeps Jesus' legs out from under him and misses the ball. He's shown a yellow card.,2

Guardiola is making a double change now and De Bruyne is first to be taken off, with Jesus on for him.,0

The yellow card is out for Zinchenko now as well for his reaction after Paredes kicked the ball towards Foden who was still on the ground.,2

PSG's frustration is getting the better of them here and Verratti has picked up a yellow card after pushing Foden down without attempting to play the ball.,2

PSG DOWN TO 10! Di Maria isn't happy with Fernandinho stepping across him to put the ball out and he reacts to it. He pushes the Brazilian away before kicking out at him as he gets ready for the throw-in and the referee goes straight to his pocket for the red card.,3

MAHREZ SCORES AGAIN! It's another brilliant counter-attack that catches out PSG and Foden drills a dangerous ball across the six-yard box. None of the defenders spot Mahrez's run to the far post and he lifts his shot over the goalkeeper and into the back of the net for his second of the game. 2-0 City! ,1

There's a double change for PSG, with Pochettino bringing on more attacking players. Icardi is the first to make way, with Kean on to replace him.,0

Herrera is shown the first yellow card for dissent after he showed his frustration at a free-kick going against him.,2

MAHREZ SCORES! It starts with a wonderful long pass upfield from Ederson to pick out Zinchenko down the left and he pulls it back for De Bruyne. His shot from the edge of the box is blocked by Marquinhos in the middle but the defender plays it straight to Mahrez who drills it across goal, past Navas and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 City!,1

Koch avoids a booking for a collision with Lacazette, but 30 seconds later he lunges in on Martinelli and is yellow-carded.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SMITH ROWE PUTS THE GAME BEYOND DOUBT!!!!! 4-1 ARSENAL!!!!! The midfielder smashes a strike home on the half-volley after latching on to Odegaard's offload. Arsenal break with pace and Odegaard spots the run of Smith Rowe through the middle. He places his pass through to perfection before Smith Rowe applies the finish, burying his effort past Meslier.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RAPHINHA BLASTS HOME FROM 12 YARDS!!!!! 1-3!!!! Leeds have something to work with in the final 15 minutes as the Brazilian converts from the spot. Raphinha strikes his effort high into the top-left corner giving Ramsdale no chance. A great hit.,1

Tomiyasu goes down with an apparent injury and is soon withdrawn from the fold. Cedric replaces him at right-back.,0

Gelhardt goes in late on Tomiyasu and goes into the book. Arsenal want a red card, but the referee is not convinced. VAR confirms the caution.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! SAKA'S STRIKE FINDS THE BOTTOM-LEFT CORNER!!!!!! 3-0!!!!!!!!! Leeds are once again cut open at the back and Saka's strike is deflected past Meslier. Saka is afforded space down the left flank and he cuts his way across the edge of the box. The Whites try to halt his progress, but cannot force the ball away from him. The England man eventually pulls the trigger and it deflects off Ayling into the bottom-left corner.,1

Summerville replaces Harrison down the left flank for the home side. Harrison appeared to be limping off the field, which will be a massive concern for Bielsa.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! MARTINELLI NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!!! 2-0 ARSENAL!!!!! The White are cut open with ease once again and Martinelli punishes the hosts with a neat finish. Leeds lose possession in the middle of the park and Xhaka exposes them with an incisive throughball to release the Brazilian. He surges away from Drameh before clipping a strike over Meslier into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MARTINELLI FIRES ARSENAL IN FRONT!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Martinelli pounces on a loose ball in the Leeds box and blasts his right-footed strike into the top-right corner. Leeds lose possession in their own half and Saka breaks towards the penalty area. He offloads to Lacazette, who tries to find Xhaka on the charge. The midfielder goes down under pressure from Klich and Forshaw takes possession. However, Lacazette comes in with a challenge before Martinelli is alive to the loose ball to fire home.,1

SALAH WRAPS IT UP! 2-0! United throw everyone - apart from De Gea - up for the corner, allowing Liverpool to quickly clear it away to Salah who holds off the recovering run of James before sliding a smart finish underneath De Gea and into the net!,1

Shaw is booked for hauling Salah over after the attacker had skipped past him down the right flank.   ,2

LIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Alexander-Arnold whips in the resulting corner towards the six-yard box where Van Dijk rises highest to power a towering header beyond a motionless De Gea!,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! Lightning strikes twice from PSG!!! Ounahi's attempt from the edge of the box is blocked, and from there, the visitors set sail on another rapid-fire break forward. Hakimi releases Asensio in behind, and the Spaniard has Ramos to his left. He finds the striker, and Ramos makes it three goals in two games against Marseille with a well-placed finish beyond Lopez!! 2-0 to Les Parisiens, and it's safe to say the points are theirs from here.,1

It's defence-first from here on in for PSG, as Zaire-Emery is withdrawn for another defender, in the form of Milan Skriniar, to come on.,0

Marseille are running out of time to get back on level terms in this game, and as such take the attack-minded decision to bring off Balerdi for Azzedine Ounahi.,0

A triple change coming up for PSG, with their skipper Mbappe the first to depart having drawn a rare blank in this game. Goncalo Ramos is on to replace him, having scored a brace in the 4-0 rout of Marseille earlier this season.,0

The third PSG change sees Fabian replaced in midfield with the slightly more defensive option of Manuel Ugarte.,0

Marco Asensio also comes on to play off the right-hand side, and as such takes Dembele's place out wide.,0

Marseille captain Kondogbia is also withdrawn, and replaced as the base of their midfield by Pape Gueye.,0

The hosts make their first two changes of the match, with Faris Moumbagna on in place of Ndiaye up front.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The 10 men of PSG take a 1-0 lead at the Velodrome!! The visitors cut Marseille to ribbons as they race clear on the counter-attack, with Vitinha exploiting their three-on-two overlap by finding Dembele unmarked to his right. The Portugal midfielder gets it back first time from his wideman, and sets himself before slotting a cool finish into the bottom-left corner!!! They're a man down, but a goal up, and the Ligue 1 leaders are on course for a 50th win in Le Classique!,1

Mbemba pulled up injured following that passage of play from Hakimi and has stayed down, before eventually being helped off the pitch as Samuel Gigot enters in his place.,0

Kolo Muani's 100th Ligue 1 appearance ends at half-time, with PSG bringing on Lee Kang-In to replace the forward for the second period.,0

Donnarumma's deliberating on something with Danilo rather than taking the free-kick, and is soon met with a yellow card for time-wasting!,2

Danilo's also protesting the showing of a red card to Beraldo, and the Brazilian's centre-back partner is too shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

IT'S RED!!!! Never mind a second yellow card, it's a straight red for Beraldo!! The referee judges that his shunting of Aubameyang over the sideline should be deemed as violent conduct, and sends the 20-year-old off for the rest of the match!! The visitors are down to 10, and despite their advantages in terms of personnel, PSG's task just got all the more difficult!,3

Beraldo barges a fast-advancing Aubameyang off the ball and over the touchline, and having already been booked, looks to be in serious trouble after the referee pulls out a yellow card. The booking, however, is for Hernandez, who protested the giving of a free-kick for that challenge and earns a yellow card himself!,2

Dembele drops deep into midfield but ends up losing out to Veretout in possession, and Aubameyang is released in behind the defence again. He knocks the ball past Beraldo, but is dragged back by the young PSG centre-back and earns a yellow card-worthy free-kick!,2

GOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! It's 1-1!!!!! Pickford's long ball forward beats the high line of Forest's defence, and Gray races in behind and slots it beyond Henderson into the corner!!! The hosts equalise, and the home fans celebrate, as this game takes another wild twist!,1

Steve Cooper makes a wise defensive change, as he takes off Lingard for Cheikhou Kouyate, another making his Reds debut!,0

GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! There it is!!!! Forest hit the front with less than 10 minutes left and the away end goes crazy!!! Yates has a pop from 20 yards which Pickford sees late and parries, but Johnson reacts quickest to send the Everton keeper the wrong way and fires the ball into the far corner! 1-0 on 81 minutes, and Forest may well have just notched a second consecutive Premier League victory!,1

One Forest record signing makes away for another, as Awoniyi is brought off for Morgan Gibbs-White, signed in the last few days from Wolves for what could eventually be a £44 million fee!,0

Onana attempted to drag Awoniyi down as he made that final pass, and he's booked for his rugby tackle-esque challenge!,2

Frank Lampard rings the changes for Everton, with the first substitution seeing Rondon come off for Dwight McNeil.,0

Davies has been impressive in the middle for the Toffees, but comes off now for Amadou Onana to make his home debut.,0

Mangala goes down holding his hamstring, and won't be able to continue, so vice-captain Ryan Yates comes on in his place.,0

After an Everton corner, won by Gray, is headed cleared, Iwobi handles the bouncing ball ahead of Mangala's foot, and concedes a free-kick and yellow card.,2

Williams loses out to Mykolenko as the Everton left-back outmuscles him and races away with the ball. He crosses for Gordon, who has a shot blocked, but Williams flies in on Mykolenko with a wild challenge and concedes a free-kick, being shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2

Gray's free-kick towards Davies is cleared, and Toffolo comes away with the ball down the left. Gordon races in with a woeful sliding tackle, and it's a nasty challenge which warrants a yellow card for the Toffees winger.,2

Mykolenko looks to put Gray into space down the left, but his run is halted by Worrall clipping him off the ball, and the Forest captain is rightfully booked.,2

A second Sevilla change belatedly follows. Diego Carlos appears to delay the substitution by going down before he makes way for Gudelj.,0

Here come a raft of changes after that potentially decisive goal. First, Eriksen replaces Gagliardini.,0

Set-pieces played a big role in the first-half goals. They are starting to come with some regularity again now, as Gagliardini is booked for tugging back Navas.,2

Bastoni goes into the book. He leaves a foot in on Suso as the winger plays the ball inside from the right.,2

Banega accepts a yellow card for halting Inter's latest counter. Gagliardini skips away from the Sevilla number 10, who lifts his leg to make sure the Inter man advances no further.,2

Barella goes into the book as he runs into the back of Banega, who executes a wonderful flick to tempt the challenge.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! GODIN! LEVEL AGAIN! Another free-kick, another goal! Godin arrives at the far post for a close-range header as Sevilla are instantly pegged back. 2-2!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! DE JONG AGAIN! It's 2-1 Sevilla! Sensational! What a header this is! De Jong's first header was a stooping header at the near post, this is a towering effort from the far post, giving Handanovic little chance. Stunning. Sevilla have turned it around again.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! DE JONG! He's done it again! The much-maligned Sevilla striker scored a simple winner in the semi and now has an impressive equaliser in the final! The Dutchman stoops to send a powerful header goalwards, and Handanovic can only help the ball into the roof of the net. 1-1!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! LUKAKU! Clinical from the spot! The Inter striker continues his stunning scoring streak with a low finish into the bottom-left corner, even with Bounou diving the right way. 1-0 Inter!,1

Diego Carlos escapes with just a yellow card, with Sevilla defenders covering in the centre. The Inter players are not happy.,2

WOW WHAT A GOAL! The pick of the bunch from Madueke right at the finish line. Gusto drives down the right flank before playing the ball inside to his teammate. Madueke skips past a couple of Leicester midfielders with a neat dribble through the middle, before hitting a left-footed effort from 25 yards over the Leicester keeper. It might have gotten a touch from Justin on its way to goal, but Chelsea won’t care. 4-2 and game over now!,1

GOOOAALLL! And surely that puts the game to bed?!? It’s one of Chelsea’s substitutes who is involved, and Chukwuemeka puts Chelsea 3-2 ahead late on here. The Blues attacker picks it up around Leicester’s box and plays a give-and-go with Palmer. The latter does excellently to return the ball with a back-heeled pass, and Chukwuemeka passes it into the corner. Pochettino celebrates with a sense of arrogance towards the Chelsea fans, who doubted some of his decisions in the second half.,1

Marc Cucurella is replaced by Ben Chilwell, who comes in against his former side with not long left to play in normal time.,0

Sterling, who hasn't had his finest game today, is replaced by Madueke. Can he give Chelsea the winner in the final few minutes of normal time?,0

Time for Pochettino to make a change, but not to the fans' delight. Mudryk comes off for Chukwuemeka and the Chelsea faithful are vocal in their complaints, chanting 'You don't know what you're doing' towards Pochettino.,0

Leicester don't wait to make another change. The scorer of their second goal, Mavididi, is replaced by Justin in what you would assume is an attempt to shore things up at the back after Doyle's red card.,0

The Leicester defender has his yellow card changed to a red, and the away side are down to 10 men trying to turn this game around.,3

First sub of the game, and Fatawu is replaced by Yunus Akgün. Fatawu had been quiet in this second half, and his Turkish replacement will be looking to have an instant impact here.,0

COMEBACK LEICESTER AND IT’S 2-2!!! WHAT A GOAL!!! Mavididi, take a bow. The winger dribbles calmly towards the Chelsea goal, with Gusto giving him way too much time on the ball. A couple of stepovers inside the box, followed by a curling effort past Sanchez, and we’re now in for an exciting 30 minutes.,1

GOOOALLLL! Much better from Sterling, who lays it off to Palmer for another simple tap-in. After a flick-on header in the midfield, Sterling raced down the left with plenty of space ahead of him. His pace proved too much, and a ball across the face of goal is then met by Palmer. 2-0 to Chelsea!,1

GOAALLLL!! Chelsea are 1-0 up after some excellent play from Jackson. The Chelsea striker is positive in his run into the box, and he easily skips past the Leicester defence before passing it across to Cucurella, whose marauding run gives him the simplest of tap-ins.,1

Having made his last Manchester United appearance at Old Trafford, Mata takes a warm round of applause; Jones is his replacement.,0

UNITED GO THREE UP! Latching onto Telles' inswinging corner from the right, Varane beats several yellow Brentford shirts to the ball inside the six-yard box and steers the ball into the back of the net! That's his first goal for the club: 3-0 to Manchester United!,1

RONALDO SCORES THE SECOND! From the penalty, which he earned through his own endeavour and guile, Ronaldo slams the ball emphatically past Raya and into the bottom-left corner of the net! United are 2-0 up and on course for victory!,1

With Eriksen evading his attentions, Matic opts to haul the Danish playmaker back with a shirt-pull and is subsequently shown the game's first yellow card.,2

UNITED LEAD! A rapid run down the right flank allows Elanga to keep the ball in on the right byline, and his cutback to the centre of the six-yard box picks out Fernandes, who is unmarked. The Portuguese midfielder calmly steers the ball into the back of the net, and Manchester United go 1-0 in front!,1

Both sides are making their final changes now, with Newcastle up first. Willock is going off, with Fraser on to replace him.,0

Villa's second change sees Tuanzebe coming on to make his first appearance since rejoining Villa on loan, in place of Luiz.,0

Villa are making their first change of the game now and that yellow card was Buendia's last involvement. Philogene-Bidace is on to replace him.,0

There's another yellow card here, this time for Buendia after he catches Willock with a late challenge.,2

Schar makes up a lot of ground as he closes down Ramsey, but he slides in and clips the back of his heels which earns him a booking.,2

Newcastle's second change of the game is an attacking one which will bring a change in shape to a back four. Fernandez is the defender making way, with Joelinton on in his place.,0

EL GHAZI SCORES! He had to wait a while to take the spot-kick, but he confidently fires it into the bottom-left corner. He only takes a short run-up and Woodman dives the wrong way, giving himself no chance of saving it. 2-0 Villa! ,1

Murphy loses the ball and he pulls back Ramsey to stop him from breaking away with it. It's a blatant tug and the referee goes straight to his pocket for the yellow card.,2

There's a change for Newcastle at the break. Hayden goes off after picking up that injury at the end of the first half, and Longstaff is on in his place.,0

WHAT A GOAL! It's absolutely incredible by Ings! Cash goes long with the throw-in on the right and Mings gets in front of Fernandez to flick it on at the near post. Ings is unmarked in the middle and he goes for the overhead kick. Woodman is stranded on his goal line and it nestles into the bottom corner. 1-0 Villa! ,1

The yellow card is out again and being shown to Luiz this time as he trips and clumsily brings down Willock from behind in the process.,2

Hayden has a few attempts at tugging back McGinn, and when the Scotsman finally goes to ground, the yellow card is shown to Hayden.,2

Wilson had his hands all over Mings as he held off the defender while waiting for Murphy's cross. When he catches him in the face, the referee blows his whistle and he's shown a yellow card.,2

BENZEMA GIVES MADRID THE LEAD! The initial corner is played short and the Eibar players just drift away from Benzema in the middle of the box and when Kroos puts the cross in, he is in a lot of space to direct his header into the back of the net. There was a check by VAR to make sure Kroos was onside but the goal stands. 2-1 Madrid!,1

Mendilibar makes his second change of the game now as the goal scorer Cardona is taken off and replaced by Pena.,0

BENZEMA DRAWS MADRID LEVEL! This time he held his run perfectly to make sure he wouldn't be caught offside when Asensio's cross came in and he rose above the defender to get his head on the ball and direct it down into the ground and over the keeper to find back of the net. 1-1!,1

Ramis pulled up with a hamstring injury after clearing the ball away and he's unable to carry on so Orellana is on in his place.,0

CARDONA PUTS EIBAR AHEAD! Some great build-up play from Eibar down the left wing just drew in the Madrid defenders and Escalante's pass played in Cardona took a touch before lifting the ball over Navas and into the back of the net. 1-0 Eibar!,1

After scoring at both ends, Harrison is now off. Sinisterra will play on the left wing for the final few seconds.,0

Firpo is the first Leeds player to receive a yellow card after diving into a challenge. He brings down March on the corner of the box.,2

Webster has been hobbling around the pitch for a while and is now coming off. Van Hecke replaces him at centre-back.,0

The first yellow card of the game goes to Caicedo. The Brighton man trips Aaronson who was breaking down the middle of the pitch with pace.,2

GOALLLL! A WONDERFUL STRIKE FROM HARRISON! 2-2! Harrison scores the equaliser after giving Brighton the lead. Gnonto plays a quick corner to Harrison who comes short to receive the pass. Up against March, he cuts the ball onto his right foot before curling his effort into the top corner.,1

Brighton respond with their first switch of the game. Ferguson has been Brighton's target man in the attack but is now being given a rest. Welbeck is on and will be looking to score for the second game in a row.,0

Summerville is having his breakthrough season in the Premier League but has been quiet today. Gnonto comes on to try and challenge the Brighton defence.,0

After scoring Leeds' only goal, Bamford is replaced in the attack. Back in the squad after injury, Rodrigo is on in his place.,0

GOALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM BAMFORD! 1-0! Leeds have found an equaliser against the run of play. Stretching the pitch, Harrison rushes down the left flank before cutting it inside to Bamford. The striker turns past Caicedo before crashing a shot towards the goal from outside the box. His effort deflects off Webster and past the goalkeeper off the underside of the bar.,1

GOALLLL! MAC ALLISTER SCORES! 1-0 BRIGHTON! What a move from the away side! Webster unleashes Gross down the right flank with a tremendous throughball. The midfielder twists past Roca and chips it across to Mitoma at the back of the box. He could have had a shot but instead knocks it across to Mac Allister who powers in a header.,1

Simon is shown a yellow card for a slide tackle outside the penalty area as Costa had been played through into the Athletic half all alone following a corner. The goalkeeper has taken one for the team but given Atleti a set-piece near his own goal. ,2

Garcia is booked for some pushing and shoving inside the penalty area while waiting for his team-mate to take the corner.,2

ATLETI MAKE IT 2-0! It’s as simple as you’d like as Correa picks possession up inside the penalty area and drives towards the near post, before squaring it to the back stick for Morata to tap into the open net!,1

Correa is shown Atleti’s second yellow in two minutes for a sliding challenge in midfield, right in front of the referee.,2

ATLETICO HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! Correa gets into the penalty area on the end of a wonderful Saul chip and gets past a defender with shifty footwork. Before he can pull the ball back to a team-mate, a defender pokes it off his foot - fortunately sending it directly to Saul, who finishes the move with an emphatic strike!,1

Tibidi comes onto the field in place of Marmoush, who was very lively in the first period, but has done little since. ,0

5-0! Gnabry drives forward towards goal, and feeds Muller out wide on the right. His cross is parried by the keeper, straight into the path of Gnabry, who makes no mistake rifling it into the empty net. ,1

ANOTHER! 4-0! Stuttgart are screaming for a foul as Marmoush feels he's tripped as he advances in on goal. Nothing is given, and Bayern quickly spray the ball out right to Gnabry, who has all the time in the world to pick a pass across goal to Lewandowski, who easily hammers it home from close range. ,1

GOAL! 3-0! Gnabry wins possession on halfway, and lofts a beautifully weighted pass to Lewandowski. He takes it in his stride, with a hint of handball, and then calmly chips it over the advancing keeper. ,1

What was Davies thinking there? He misjudges the flight of the ball, and chooses to use his hand to control it, rather than lose out to his opponent. It's a clear yellow card, and he is predictably put in the book. Stuttgart have a free-kick on the edge of the penalty area. ,2

GOAL FOR BAYERN! 2-0! Stuttgart give the ball away in midfield, and Muller picks up and shifts it out wide to Gnabry on the right. He effortlessly shimmies onto his left, and slots the ball past the keeper into the far corner. ,1

GOAL BAYERN! Sane dribbles towards goal after picking up the ball on the centre circle, and feeds Gnabry on his left after a defender slipped in front of him to create some extra room. Gnabry opens his body up, and curls it sumptuously into the far corner. It's a lovely finish. ,1

Sane makes his way onto the pitch in place of Coman. There didn't look to be anything wrong with the Frenchman. ,0

RUPP PULLS ONE BACK! Liverpool are cut open after Sargent's run, and he lays it off to Rupp. He takes it to the edge of the box, and Gomez commits himself in an attempt to block it. Rupp fires it straight down the middle and Alisson can't get to it. 2-1!,1

Norwich are making a triple chance here as they try to get back into the game. Rashica is the first to go off, with Rowe on for him.,0

Henderson, the only player to retain his place from the game last Sunday, is taken off for Liverpool and replaced by Morton.,0

Sargent tangles with Tsimikas as he tries to stop his run and clumsily brings him down which results in a booking for the American.,2

And Placheta, who took a tumble over the advertising boards on the half-time whistle, also makes way, with Sargent on for him.,0

Both sides are making a change at the break, starting with Liverpool. Jones is taken off, with Elliott on to replace him.,0

WHAT A GOAL! Everyone is crowded on the edge of the six-yard box for the corner, apart from Minamino. Gibson's glancing header falls straight to him, and he lets it bounce before rifling it over Krul and into the far top corner of the net. 2-0 Liverpool!,1

Jota tracks back to trip Rashica, who is breaking through the middle for Norwich, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

MINAMINO SCORES! It's a good cross into the box from Tsimikas to pick out Origi, but he has his back to goal, so he knocks it onto Minamino. He takes a touch to open up a yard of space at the far post before lifting it over Krul, who was rushing off his line, and into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

The referee originally played the advantage to Liverpool, but takes it back to book Byram for a late challenge earlier in the move.,2

Hazard embarks on another spectacular run through the middle of the pitch before being clumsily fouled by Kongolo just outside of the penalty area. Can Chelsea make it 4-0?,2

GOAL! It's 3-0 to Chelsea! Hazard embarks on a wonderful run through the middle of the pitch before poking the ball over to Pedro. The Spaniard then breaks into the box and nonchalantly chips a lovely strike over the onrushing Hamer and into the back of the net.,1

Huddersfield have brought on new signing Diakhaby to replace Lowe. It looks as if they're going to switch to a back four.,0

Depoitre receives the ball as Huddersfield try to quickly counter-attack, but he's immediately clattered into by Luiz and the Brazilian leaves the referee with no choice but to book him.,2

Chelsea have decided to make their first change of the game, with Barkley making way for Loftus-Cheek.,0

Huddersfield have made a switch during the half-time break, and it's an interesting one, with Pritchard making way for Depoitre.,0

GOAL! Jorginho steps up and calmly slots a low shot into the bottom right-hand corner of the net to double Chelsea's lead.,1

Schindler is also shown a yellow card for his poorly timed challenge on Alonso, which has presented Chelsea with a great chance to make it 2-0.,2

GOAL! Chelsea have taken the lead! Willian cuts inside from the left flank and fires a dangerous cross into the penalty area, where Kante unleashes a slightly scuffed shot that bounces past Hamer and into the far corner.,1

Olayinka goes down in the box under a challenge from Simakan and wants a penalty, but is instead shown a yellow card for dissent.,2

Red Star make their final substitution of the game to try and keep their Champions League campaign alive. They add another attacker to the mix, with Katai coming on for Rodic.,0

Schlager makes his way off the pitch with two assists to his name. Kampl replaces him in the midfield.,0

Leipzig know the moment is against them and are now making two changes to try and slow the game down. Haidara was everywhere in the midfield but is now coming off. Seiwald takes his place.,0

GOALLL! OPENDA SCORES! 2-0 LEIPZIG! The away side might have secured their place in the last 16 of the Champions League with that goal. Schlager finds Openda on the counter, with the striker racing down the left side of the box before cutting inside. He then touches the ball out of his feet and drills a low shot beyond Glazer.,1

Simons scored the only goal of the game so far and he is coming off after an excellent performance. Liverpool loanee Carvalho is given a chance to make an impression.,0

Lucic makes a late tackle on Haidara and goes into the book. That's Red Star's fourth yellow card of the match.,2

Rose has decided to change Leipzig's formation. He makes a defensive reinforcement, with Klostermann coming on for Sesko.,0

Leipzig make a couple of alterations. Forsberg was busy before the break but has not been able to get on the ball much since the restart. He is replaced in the midfield by Baumgartner.,0

Red Star make their third change of the game. The hosts bring on a natural striker up front, with Olayinka replacing playmaker Ivanic.,0

Leipzig are losing some of their composure at the back. This time Henrichs is given a yellow card for a foul on Lucic.,2

Lukeba goes into the book for a push on Ndiaye on the wing. Leipzig are in a slight bit of trouble, with both of their centre-backs now on yellow cards.,2

Red Star make a couple of changes before the restart. Mijailovic was booked before the break and is now being replaced by Nedeljkovic.,0

Krasso loses possession and shows his frustration with a poor slide tackle on Simons. He then goes into the book.,2

GOALLLL! SIMONS SCORES! 1-0 LEIPZIG! Leipzig open the scoring after a dominant start to the match. Simons collects the ball outside and rushes inside. He switches possession onto his right foot and curls his shot around Mijailovic and into the net.,1

COSTA GETS WOLVES' THIRD! He runs into the box with the ball and just gets ahead of Alderweireld to get his shot away and he curls it around Lloris to find the bottom corner. 3-1 Wolves!,1

JIMENEZ PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! He gets the ball on the edge of the box and hits his shot low, through Alderweireld's legs and squeezes the ball past Lloris into the bottom corner. 2-1 Wolves!,1

BOLY EQUALISES FOR WOLVES! He makes his run from the edge of the box into the centre and there are no Spurs players around him as he gets his head to the ball and beats Lloris to find the bottom corner. 1-1!,1

KANE PUTS SPURS AHEAD! Wolves fans may feel there was a foul that should've stopped the attack, but Spurs take the advantage. Kane cuts back to create more space for himself as he comes in from the right wing and curls the ball past the keeper and into the far netting. 1-0 Spurs!,1

Julian Nagelsmann also brings off Sané for Omar Richards, thus every outfield Bayern substitute is on the pitch.,0

GOOOOALLLLL!!!!! Dynamo have one back!!! Mykolenko plays the ball across to Tsygankov, who sets up Harmash with a one-touc pass, and the substitute fires past Neuer to make it 2-1!!! Game on!!!,1

Buyalskiy does well to get around the outside of Sarr, who tugs him back twice. He's booked after the Kiev midfielder goes down on the second occasion.,2

Shkurin's not led the line with much vigour in the first half, and Vitinho comes on to replace him at half-time.,0

GOOOALLLLL!!!! As easy as you like!!!! It's a delightful diagonal ball into the box from Tolisso that beats everyone. Muller leaves it for Coman, who has time to shoot and picks his spot in the top corner!!! Bayern's dominance firmly re-established and it's 2-0.,1

Kouassi looks to feed Goretzka, before Shaparenko stands on the Bayern midfielder's heels and is given the game's first booking.,2

GOOOOOOALLLLL!!!! WHAT A FINISH!!!!! Guess who makes it 1-0!!!! Bayern play their way around a Dynamo box packed with Kiev's defenders, and after a Goretzka drive deflects into the air, Lewandowski unleashes a fantastic overhead kick that flies into the bottom corner and into the net!!! A tad lucky with the bounce of the ball, but what else is there to say about Bayern's number nine? He is inevitable, and unstoppable too.,1

BENZEMA GETS HIS FIRST OF THE SEASON! With the last kick of the game he runs through on goal after an incisive pass from Rodrygo, and beats Fernandez easily! 2-0 at the death!,1

Vazquez's first action in the match is unpleasant as he's brought to the ground by a tough Bardhi challenge. It's a yellow card for the Levante winger. ,2

REAL MADRID OPEN THE SCORING! It’s a second LaLiga goal of the season for Vinicius, who finds himself in possession on the left side of the penalty area after Modric’s corner was met by a flick-on, and dispatches a lovely curler that beats Fernandez! 1-0! ,1

A dangerous collision in midfield sees both Casemiro and Malsa down on the ground in some pain. The Real Madrid player had left his leg a tackle, causing the damage. He’s shown an early booking for the infringement.,2

Double change for Madrid now and Kroos is being taken off for Odriozola who drops into the right-back position.,0

The other is an attacking change as Kabak is taken off, with Jota on to replace him and add another option for Liverpool up top.,0

There's a double change for Liverpool here and Milner is the first to make way, with Thiago on for him.,0

Casemiro gets his pass away before Phillips runs into him and blocks him off which earns him a yellow card.,2

Robertson was furious with the challenge on Milner and was making his feelings clear which earns him a booking for dissent.,2

There was a quick VAR check to see if it should be a red card for Casemiro's late challenge on Milner, but it's only a yellow for the Brazilian.,2

Kondogbia fouls Vazquez and Madrid have a free-kick around 20 yards from goal. Savic is cautioned for dissent.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! ATLETICO MADRID 1-1 REAL MADRID!! Benzema missed two glorious chances a little earlier but he makes amends with a late equaliser. He shows great footwork to play in Casemiro and his team-mate - playing effectively as a second striker - returns the ball to set up the simplest of finishes for Benzema into an unguarded net.,1

Joao Felix fouls Mendy just outside the penalty area and Madrid have a free-kick in a promising position.,2

Joao Felix is introduced by Simeone for the final 25 minutes or so. Carrasco is the player to make way.,0

Carrasco is booked by the referee, seemingly because he took so long to exit the field when being substituted.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! ATLETICO MADRID 1-0 REAL MADRID!! Make that 10 goals in 13 league games for Suarez against Madrid! The striker holds his run and gets on the end of Llorente's throughball before firing past Courtois with a trademark outside-of-the-boot finish.,1

Cavani has the ball nicked off him by Ajayi and ends up catching Gallagher late in his attempts to win it back. He's shown a yellow card.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Gallagher after he catches Fernandes with a late challenge.,2

FERNANDES SCORES! Once again, he does the hop before striking the ball and this time, he catches Johnstone out. He hits the spot-kick high this time and finds the back of the net despite the keeper going the right way. 1-0 United!,1

Coleman dives to win a vital header, with Richarlison connecting onto it and rushing out wide, drawing a foul from Hoever, who goes into the book.,2

A slack pass from a Wolves attacker lets Everton off the hook, and Richarlison latches onto it, with Semedo drawn into a foul.,2

GOOAAALLL!!! Everton retake the lead! Wolves fail to clear their lines from the corner and Gomes latches onto the loose ball. The ex-Barcelona man floats in a wonderful cross from the left, and Keane is on hand to power home a brilliant header. It’s Wolves 1-2 Everton!,1

Gibbs-White has gone off for the hosts, with former Liverpool defender Hoever coming on, suggesting a switch in shape.,0

Doucoure has received a booking for a foul on Neto, and that means he will miss Everton's next league match.,2

GOOOOAALLLL!!! WOLVES ARE LEVEL! With their first attempt, the hosts hit back! Sit Nouri bets his man and sends in a fine cross to the back post, where Neves is there to meet it on the volley. It’s 1-1!,1

GOOOAAAALLLLL!!! What an opener from Everton! Well, the system might be a strange one, but it has worked a treat! James drops out into space and floats a superb pass out to Digne, whose first-time cross is met brilliantly by Iwobi and his side-footed effort finds the bottom-right corner. Wolves 0-1 Everton!,1

Le Marchand, who was only recently brought on, is booked as he brings down McGinn on purpose to stop Villa's counter-attack.,2

GOALLLL!!!! 3-0 VILLA! Hourihane’s wide free-kick finds Mings at the front post. The centre-back slides in with his left leg and deflects the ball past Areola, who seemed caught in two minds as to whether to come for the cross or not.,1

Cairney cynically stops McGinn from starting a counter-attack and is rightfully booked for his efforts.,2

GOALLLL! 2-0 VILLA! Hourihane finishes off an intricate Villa move to add the visitors' second. Watkins and Grealish initially linked up well to find McGinn, who plays the deftest of touches to tee up Hourihane to slot in from close range with his right foot.,1

Targett is booked for a late challenge on Tete near the touchline. Referee Attwell had initially played advantage before coming back to book the full-back.,2

GOALLLLL!!!!!! 1-0 VILLA! Grealish latches on to McGinn’s chipped pass - and with Areola advancing - passes the ball past the goalkeeper and in to back of the net from inside the penalty area.,1

JESUS!!! 1-1! A lovely goal from Manchester City! The hosts equalise with a quickfire attack that sees De Bruyne fizz the ball into the feet of Jesus, who cleverly turns away from Alexander-Arnold before poking it past Alisson.,1

SALAH!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! The Reds' talisman steps up and firmly sweeps the spot-kick into the corner. Ederson went the right way, but was never going to reach that.,1

JUVENTUS GET A FOURTH! Bernardeschi sends a fantastic cross into the penalty area for Morata, who has enough time to pick a spot and place his header - putting it just beyond Sepe’s reach!,1

RONALDO MAKES IT 3-0! Ramsey plays a pass into the penalty area, which Ronaldo latches onto and dispatches into the far corner from the left-hand side! Sepe could only flail at it as it beat him for pace! ,1

Cornelius is brought down by Danilo just as the striker was looking to break out of his own half. It’s a yellow card for the Juventus right-back.,2

RONALDO RISES HIGHEST FOR 2-0!  Juventus double their lead through a simple header at the back post after Morata’s chip into the penalty area obviously finds a leaping Ronaldo - who tucks it away without issue!,1

KULUSEVSKI SCORES AGAINST HIS FORMER CLUB! There’s no celebration from the former Parma winger after Alex Sandro’s cross from the left side of the penalty area sneaks through to the other side for an unmarked Kulusevski to slot home! 1-0 Juventus!,1

A tired challenge on the fresh-legged Kastanos sees Di Lorenzo booked - that's the first yellow card for any Napoli player today.,2

With victory all but confirmed, Garcia can afford to offer Zielinski a rest; Cajuste replaces the Poland international in midfield.,0

NAPOLI SEAL IT! Surely securing maximum points, Elmas receives the ball from Olivera and cuts inside from the left, before firing unerringly towards the bottom-right corner from 15 yards out; Ochoa gets a fingertip to it, but this time can't complete the save: 2-0 to Napoli!,1

An attack-minded change for the Granata now, as full-back Mazzocchi makes way for a forward, Botheim.,0

Even the ageless Candreva eventually tires, so Inzaghi sends on Kastanos to replace his veteran winger.,0

Inzaghi goes one better than his opposite number, making a triple substitution: first, Legowski is replaced by Bohinen.,0

Finally, a frustrating game for Ikwuemesi comes to an early conclusion; Stewart replaces him up front for the Granata.,0

Garcia decides to freshen up his side, so makes a double change: first, goalscorer Raspadori is replaced by Simeone up front.,0

Finally, the first yellow card of the game arrives, as Mazzocchi hacks down Kvaratskhelia after first trying to haul his opponent back by the waist.,2

NAPOLI LEAD! Again stepping up in Osimhen's absence, Raspadori puts the Partenopei 1-0 up! Receiving a pass from Lobotka on the right side of the box, he drives straight for goal and hammers an unstoppable 10-yard shot past Ochoa! After his free-kick against Milan, the Italy striker produces the goods again!,1

GOAL! VALENCIA 3-3 ATLETICO MADRID! Duro grabs his second goal in added time to make Mestella erupt! Guedes swings in the free-kick and Duro is unmarked at the near post to chest it past Oblak! ,1

Griezmann gives away a cheap free-kick on Guedes near his own corner flag. What can Valencia do with this?,2

GOAL! VALENCIA 2-3 ATLETICO MADRID! Well, that makes things interesting! Atletico give away possession cheaply and Valencia rush forward. Duro races into the box to convert Gaya's wonderful cross on the volley. ,1

Vrsaljko's booked for tripping Foulquier down Valencia's right. Atletico deal with the free-kick. They've got seven more minutes to hold out.,2

Suarez gets the last few minutes off having grabbed Atletico's opening goal. The Mexican midfielder Herrera is his replacement.,0

Guillamon gets more than a talking to actually. The referee shows the midfielder a yellow card for his foul on Suarez.,2

Atletico make a substitution. Correa waves to the away fans in the top tier of the stadium. Kondogbia, who joined Atletico from Valencia last season, comes on to jeers from the home supporters.,0

Valencia are making two changes. Racic is first to head off. The teenage American midfielder Musah comes on.,0

GOAL! VALENCIA 1-3 ATLETICO MADRID! After a lengthy wait Vrsaljko's goal stands! Suarez wasn't offside from Griezmann's throughball so the question was whether the Atletico substitute was offside when Suarez smuggled the ball to him. He wasn't so he can celebrate!,1

GOAL! VALENCIA 1-2 ATLETICO MADRID! Griezmann gives Atletico the lead again with a lovely solo strike! Valencia overcommit forward and the Frenchman pounces, dribbling through the middle of the pitch before spanking a left-footed shot into the top left corner from just wide of the D.,1

GOAL! VALENCIA 0-1 ATLETICO MADRID! Suarez gives Atletico the lead with a clinical finish! The Uruguayan bursts past Diakhaby to dart into the box after receiving Correa's pass and slots past Cillessen towards the bottom right corner. The ball rebounds into the net off the post.,1

Antonio comes back to help out his side's defence, but upon winning the ball, is hacked down by Perisic, who is booked.,2

Paqueta is shown a yellow for his needless foul on Emerson, and the debutant gets a booking, rather than a goal, to mark his first game with.,2

Davies goes right through the back of Bowen as he looks to turn on the far touchline, and it's a clear yellow card for the Wales defender as the clock ticks down.,2

Fornals is the next in claret and blue to come off, and Emerson Palmieri, no stranger to a London derby from his time at Chelsea, replaces him.,0

With the game on a knife-edge, Kulusevski comes off in Spurs' first change, and is replaced by Richarlison, who enters an atmosphere far too tense to ever dream of doing keepy-ups in.,0

That injury does force Cresswell off, and he is replaced by Angelo Ogbonna, who will presumably fill in at centre-back with Kehrer moved to the left.,0

And here he is! Benrahma comes off after impressing down the left, and on comes Lucas Paqueta for his West Ham debut!,0

GOOOOAAALLLLL!!!! There's the equaliser!!! Exceptional work from Antonio, who receives the ball from a throw-in and holds off Dier, before flicking the ball onto the advancing Soucek, who takes a touch before smashing it beyond Lloris and into the net!!! We're locked up at 1-1, and what a goal to bring it level!,1

Sanchez caught Fornals late as he released the reverse pass to spark that move, and the Colombian is booked by the referee after play stops.,2

Bissouma trips Bowen off the ball before he can receive it, and upon a foul being blown against him, boots the ball away. The Spurs midfielder is rightly shown a yellow card for dissent as a result. Needless.,2

KEAN! 4-0! Kean puts the finishing touch on a big win for PSG, as he receives a pass from Rafinha inside the box, before swivelling and firing a precise, low effort across goal and into the bottom right corner! ,1

PSG make three changes now that the win has been all but secured: the first sees Di Maria depart for Sarabia. ,0

MARQUINHOS! 3-0! Neymar swings a dangerous corner into the six-yard box and it's met by Marquinhos who powers a header across Rajkovic and into the far corner!    ,1

Draxler is replaced by Rafinha for the hosts. There didn't seem to be a need for a tactical chance, so the attacker must have picked up a minor injury.   ,0

MBAPPE! 2-0! Things go from bad to worse for Reims! Foket plays an errant pass towards Faes inside the six-yard box and Mbappe whizzes in to get there first and slam it beyond a helpless Rajkovic!    ,1

NEYMAR! 1-0! Neymar steps up with confidence, and after a protracted run-up, he coolly sends Rajkovic the wrong way and the ball into the bottom right corner! ,1

Abdelhamid is sent off and it's a penalty to PSG! Di Maria slips Mbappe through with a crisp throughball, and the attacker rounds Rajkovic before rolling it towards goal forcing Abdelhamid to slide in and handle the ball to prevent it from going in! The referee instantly points to the spot and then decides to send the defender off!  ,3

Alonso receives a booking that's been a long time coming. Bissouma slips in March, who would have been in on goal, and the full-back take him down. Some want a red card...,2

GOOOOAAL! Brighton are back in it and March is the scorer! Montoya’s cross from the right is deep, Bernardo heads back across and the winger steers home. He looked most likely to score in the first half as well. 2-1.,1

GOOAAAL! Hazard gets on the scoresheet this time after an electric breakaway, giving Ryan the eyes before finishing at the near post. This is becoming a man of the match performance. 2-0 to Chelsea.,1

GOOOOAALL! Chelsea lead through Pedro! Hazard’s blocked shot takes two Brighton defenders out of the game, allowing him to surge into the box before finding the Spaniard at the far post with a cute pass. That’s what Hazard can do as the roaming striker. 1-0 to the visitors.,1

Mbappe picks up the first yellow card of the game after he clips the back of Claude Maurice's legs to stop the break.,2

There's another double change for PSG now, and it's the goalscorer, Kean, that's being taken off, with Herrera on for him.,0

PSG have been waiting a long time to make a double change and they finally can after the goal. Kurzawa is the first to make way, with Bakker replacing him.,0

KEAN SCORES! None of the Nice defenders spot his run through the middle of the box and he reacts quickly when Icardi plays it back across the box as he nods it in from close range. 2-1 PSG!,1

NICE ARE LEVEL! It's a poor clearance by Marquinhos as he plays it straight to Lopes on the opposite side of the box. He takes a touch before drilling his shot over Navas and into the roof of the net. 1-1!,1

PSG LEAD! Kehrer initially plays a dangerous cross into the six-yard box and Icardi slides onto it at the far post but sends his effort against the woodwork. Draxler follows it in though and fires his shot into the back of the net. 1-0 PSG!,1

NEYMAR MAKES IT FOUR FOR PSG! Neymar puts the cherry on top of the victory after bursting onto a Choupo-Moting pass in midfield and forcing Butelle to come off his line, only to put it easily past the goalkeeper!,1

Paredes is shown a late yellow card for a dangerous foul just outside his own penalty area on the left. ,2

Sarabia goes off to boisterous applause as Tuchel gives the man of the match seven minutes to rest. Di Maria will get a chance in his stead.,0

Alioui has had a disappointing match, but perhaps Kanga can provide his side with a boost from the bench.,0

GUEYE MAKES IT THREE FOR PSG! A cross from the left floates into the penalty area for Sarabia, controls it with his left before hammering a volley with the outside of his foot towards goal. A clearance off the line is sent right back to Sarabia, whose second effort is directed towards Gueye, who taps it home comfortably! ,1

Pereira Lage is shown a yellow card for his challenge on Neymar in midfield, which breaks up a PSG counter-attack. ,2

The first-half injury to Ait Nouri seems to have lingered, as he is substituted off at half-time for Thioub. ,0

ICARDI MAKES IT 2-0! His second goal in two matches for PSG comes eight minutes before the interval after Neymar's lovely dance opens up a world of space in the penalty area. Neymar then distributes it to the right for Sarabia, whose square pass goes through the legs of Gueye, only for Icardi to pop up and slot home!,1

PSG HAVE TAKEN THE LEAD! It's a superb goal from Sarabia who puts the hosts ahead by 1-0! It's a simple pass from the right flank from Herrera, who passes it inside for the run of Sarabia, who cuts across three defenders before slotting his shot neatly in the corner - beating Butelle in the process!,1

GOAAALLLL - ATHLETIC 1-2 MADRID - GAME ON! Athletic have come alive, and we have already had three goals inside the first 12 minutes. De Marcos picked out Sancet with a simple pass, and the striker did the rest. Madrid stood off him on the edge of the box, and he did the rest as he drilled his shot off the post and into the back of the net.,1

GOAAALLLL ATHLETIC 0-2 MADRID - This is incredible from Madrid, particularly Benzema. The Frenchman has two goals to his name, and we have not even seen the clock tick past the 10-minute mark. Benzema beat the offside trap before racing through on goal, and he was quick enough as he just beat Agirrezabala to the ball.,1

GOAAALLLL - ATHLETIC 0-1 MADRID - A moment of brilliance from Benzema and Madrid lead inside the first four minutes. Ancelotti's side broke forward with purpose, and Kroos' pass was smashed into the far corner by Benzema. The Frenchman knew what he was going to do before the ball reached him and his curling shot left Agirrezabala stranded in the Athletic goal. ,1

Brady gets a yellow card for a niggling foul in midfield. He's been on the pitch ten minutes, and has two assists and now a card to his name.,2

GOAL! BURNLEY HAVE ANOTHER, IT'S 4-2! McNeil comes infield from the right after an exchange of passes with Brady, hits a fairly weak-looking left-footed shot, but it deflects unkindly off Tomori and beats Kepa at the near post.,1

GOAL! 4-1, AND IT'S AN ABSOLUTE STUNNER FROM RODRIGUEZ! He picks the ball up in midfield and nobody closes him down so he just has a pop. 25 yards out, right foot, top-right corner. Boom.,1

Another change for Burnley, as Brady gets some minutes from the bench. He replaces his Ireland team-mate Hendrick.,0

Willian goes off for Hudson-Odoi as Lampard makes his final change. Pulisic will finish the 90 minutes for just the second time in the Premier League.,0

Abraham gets to enjoy the rest of the game from the relative warmth of the bench, as Giroud comes on for the last 20.,0

Pieters is booked for, if anything, an early tackle on James. He slides in early and can't pull out by the time the ball is knocked past him, and he wipes the youngster out.,2

GOAL! It's four, Willian gets on the scoresheet! Everything is going in for them at the minute. Chelsea win the ball in the left-back position and find Abraham, who carries the ball through the centre. He lays it off to Willian at the edge of the area and the Brazilian opens a bit of space with a stepover before shooting across Pope, right-footed into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOAL! Chelsea lead 3-0! Perfect hat-trick for Pulisic! They win a corner off Lowton on the right, and while the defender is on hand to make the near-post clearance from the corner, he doesn't get it right. He can only divert the ball straight back to Mount who delivers again, and Pulisic powers in a header from the line of the six-yard box.,1

Chelsea have their first spell of possession inside the Burnley half since the break but Willian is pressed well and loses the ball. McNeil breaks and gets the better of Willian, but Kovacic eventually gets a foot in. Willian is booked for trying to haul him back.,2

GOAL! 2-0 Chelsea, Pulisic at the double! It's similar to the opener, a loose ball drops to him in midfield after Willian makes a good interception and he drives straight at the penalty area. He goes right instead of left this time, and his right-footed shot takes a nasty deflection off Mee and inside the near post. No chance for Pope.,1

GOAL! Chelsea lead, it's brilliant from Pulisic! Space opens up behind the Burnley defence as Lowton can't control a header back to him, Pulisic picks up the loose ball and drives at Tarkowski. He looks like he's held onto it for too long but a quick shimmy shifts the ball onto his left foot and he hits it across Pope into the bottom-right corner. His first Chelsea goal.,1

Cuadrado has been another stand-out performer for Juventus in this game, and Max Allegri brings him off to shore up the defence with the introduction of Leonardo Bonucci.,0

Dybala's been practically unplayable at times, but he's withdrawn for a more direct attacking threat, in the form of Moise Kean.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! There it is!!!! Dybala plays a ball through for Vlahovic, and despite Altare getting to it first, his outstretched leg smashes the ball into Vlahovic and beyond Cragno! Lucky perhaps, but it's been coming, and Juventus lead 2-1!,1

Lykogiannis lunges at Cuadrado and gets the challenge horribly wrong, being nowhere near the ball and being yellow carded as a result.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!!!! No doubts about that one!!! Cuadrado takes a one-two from the corner and floats a cross in from the byline. De Ligt attacks it at the far post and heads the ball back into the bottom corner to make it 1-1! It's been coming, and the Bianconeri are finally able to make the pressure tell!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!! Cagliari strike first!!!! Dybala loses out to Marin in midfield, who drives forward for the hosts. He links up with Joao Pedro, who curls an absolute beauty of a finish beyond Szczesny and into the top corner!!! What a goal and it's 1-0 to the home side!!!,1

GOAL!!! FRATTESI CAPS THE VICTORY!!! Inter catch Milan out at the back after dispossessing Chukwueze, and Mkhitaryan picks out a brilliant throughball for Frattesi. The substitute keeps his composure, poking home to make it 5-1!,1

GOAL!!! CALHANOGLU MAKES IT 4-1!!! The midfielder is so reliable from 12 yards, and he goes straight down the middle this time, coolly firing home his spot-kick as Maignan dives the wrong way. The result is surely beyond doubt now!,1

GOAL!!! MKHITARYAN MAKES IT 3-1!!! The former Arsenal man has his second of the game as a sweeping Nerazzurri counter ends up with Martinez laying the ball back for Mkhitaryan to blast towards goal. A fortunate deflection off Thiaw then takes the ball past Maignan and into the net to restore Inter's two-goal advantage!,1

Inzaghi turns to his bench to try and halt this Milan comeback. His first change sees Frattesi come on for Barella.,0

GOAL!!! LEAO GETS MILAN BACK IN IT!!! Hernandez plays a pass into Giroud, who then picks out a perfect throughball for Leao. The winger charges towards goal, before coolly slotting past Sommer and into the net to cut Inter's lead to 2-1!,1

GOAL!!! THURAM SCORES A WONDERSTRIKE!!! Inter catch Milan on the counter, but the momentum of the attack seems to have vanished as Dumfries' pass to Thuram is overhit. However, the striker brilliantly jinks onto his right foot, before unleashing a stunning, curling finish into the top right corner, giving Maignan no chance to make it 2-0 to the Nerazzurri!,1

Thuram is causing Thiaw a lot of problems. This time the Milan centre-back is forced to bring the striker down with a sliding challenge, receiving the first yellow card of the contest.,2

GOAL!!! INTER ARE AHEAD AFTER JUST FIVE MINUTES! It all comes from good work down the right by Thuram, who muscles Thiaw off the ball before crossing into the box. The delivery reaches Dimarco at the back post, who then fizzes an effort towards goal. The ball finds itself at the feet of Mkhitaryan, who manages to stab home to put Inzaghi's men 1-0 up! There will be a VAR check though to rule whether there were any infringements in the build-up...,1

GOOOAAALLL! Granada double their lead, it's 2-0! Vadillo sends Ter Stegen the wrong way, slotting the ball into the bottom left-hand corner of the net as cool as you like. ,1

Here is the Granada substitution and it's an enforced one as Soldado has picked up an injury, so he has been replaced by Carlos Fernandez.,0

Another yellow card is brandished within a minute, this time it's to Herrera after his foul on De Jong around 35 yards out.,2

Soldado is booked after his high challenge on Pique, catching the centre-back in the stomach with his studs. A painful one for the Barca man.,2

Barcelona have made a double substitution at the break, with Perez coming off and he has been replaced by Messi.,0

Pique is booked after his arm strikes the arm of Soldado, although it appears to be a very harsh decision as the Granada striker makes a huge deal out of very little contact.,2

Suarez is furious with the decision to penalise him and he is also booked for the challenge and perhaps his reaction to the foul.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Granada lead 1-0! Azeez with a simple finish from close range after a huge mistake by Junior. The left-back took too long on the ball and Soldado nicks the ball off his toes, sprints forward and plays a ball forward Puertas, who then chips the ball into the box for Azeez to finish at the far post. What a start by the home team!,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! The last eight, here they come!!!! Kubler's poor clearance is cut out by Rabiot, who finds Chiesa in the space vacated by the stranded Freiburg defender. He drills the ball towards the far corner, which beats Flekken and strikes the post before nestling in the back of the net to make it 2-0 to Juve! That's a 3-0 aggregate score, and seals their passage into the quarter-finals.,1

Kean drops deep once more, doing well to win and keep the ball on the near touchline, but he's shunted to the ground by Sallai after releasing the ball and the Freiburg substitute is booked.,2

The hosts win a free-kick on halfway which Kubler attempts to take quickly, but he's prevented from doing so by Iling-Junior, who is promptly booked for time-wasting by the referee.,2

Captain Gunter is also withdrawn in the hosts' final substitution, and Noah Weisshaupt will see out the remainder of the game for Freiburg.,0

That half-chance will be Gregoritsch's last, as the striker is replaced up front for Freiburg by Nils Petersen.,0

Vlahovic's goal remains the difference in this game as we enter the final 20 minutes, and Federico Chiesa replaces the Serbian in attack, which will likely see him support Kean up front.,0

Kostic also comes off for the Old Lady, and young English forward Samuel Iling-Junior will replace the starting left-winger.,0

Holer also comes off, and Freiburg's top scorer in all competitions this season, Vincenzo Grifo, enters the fray.,0

Freiburg make further changes on the hour, as the impressive Doan is replaced by Roland Sallai in the front three.,0

Vlahovic needlessly knocks Ginter over before booting the ball away when penalised, and the referee doesn't hesitate in showing the goalscorer a yellow card for dissent.,2

Eggestein is withdrawn at half-time by the hosts, with Kenneth Schmidt coming into the midfield to make his debut for the club.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! Vlahovic scores... just!!! The striker steps up and drills the ball low and hard, but Flekken guesses the right way and the ball deflects off his torso into the roof of the net!! A double-whammy of good luck for Juve, but they won't care as they lead the tie 1-0 on the night and 2-0 on aggregate!,1

HE'S OFF!!! The penalty is given for that handball by Gulde, and it's a rather harsh yellow card. However, that's his second of the game, meaning the Freiburg defender is off as Vlahovic prepares to take the Juventus penalty!,3

Rabiot plays a one-two with Kean but is clipped very late by Gulde on his way through, resulting in the first yellow card of the game being shown to the Freiburg defender.,2

Sterling caught Lainer late as he tried to get into space and the referee gave a free-kick. Fernandinho fired a shot on goal after the whistle blew and he's booked for kicking it away.,2

Another double change for City as Guardiola looks to rest more of his players and he's bringing on Sterling for Gundogan.,0

Lainer sticks out an arm to hold off De Bruyne and catches the City captain in the face, so he's shown a yellow card.,2

CITY HAVE A SECOND! It's a great run by Foden to set up the goal and he lays it off to Gundogan, who times his run perfectly. He's one-on-one with the goalkeeper and hits his shot under Sommer, who rushed off his line, and into the far bottom corner. 2-0 City!,1

DE BRUYNE SCORES! Mahrez rolls it into De Bruyne's pass on the edge of the box and none of the Gladbach defenders close him down, so he has a go from range. He fires it across goal and into the top-left corner, giving Sommer no chance. 1-0 City!,1

Mbeumo bursts through on goal and looks to round Forster. He goes down looking for a penalty, but is guilty of simulation. The referee books the forward.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! HOJBJERG LEVELS!!!!!!!!! 2-2!!!! Tottenham produce another comeback special as Hojbjerg produces a fine finish from Kulusevski's cross. Doherty sends Kulusevski into space in the inside-right channel and he picks out the Dane with a neat cutback. Hojbjerg takes a touch before finding the top-left corner with a precise strike.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! KANE SCORES A BRILLIANT HEADER!!!! 2-1!!!!! Tottenham are back in the game as Kane rises and plants a fine header away from Raya into the top-left corner. Lenglet raids forward and floats a perfect cross into the box for Kane to attack with a sublime header. Kane is back in the goals.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TONEY PUNISHES THE DIER MISTAKE!!!!!! 2-0 BRENTFORD!!!!!! Toney is alive to a flick from Norgaard and stabs the ball home from six yards. Mbeumo floats a perfect cross towards the near post for Norgaard to rise unchallenged. He flicks his header towards goal where Toney reacts to win the second ball and score. A terrible passage of play from Spurs.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! JANELT SCORES FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 1-0 BRENTFORD!!!!!! Janelt scores on the rebound after Jensen sees his effort saved. The move starts as Toney flicks the ball down to Mbeumo, who lifts a cross to the inside-right channel. Jensen takes on the strike first-time, but sees his deflected and saved by Forster. Janelt is alive to the rebound and taps home from six yards. The Bees have the lead.,1

Sokratis slides in and starts a scuffle with Winks. It draws in both sides, but the referee opts to only book the Arsenal defender.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! AUBAMEYANG EQUALISES!!!! 2-2!!!! The Gunners are back in the game as Aubameyang converts from close range. Guendouzi lifts a brilliant ball over the top of the Tottenham defence and the striker times his run to perfection. Aubameyang touches it to the side of Lloris and into the left-bottom corner. Arsenal complete the comeback.,1

Lacazette is withdrawn as he is feeling the affects of an apparent injury. Mkhitaryan replaces the forward.,0

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! LACAZETTE GETS ARSENAL BACK INTO THE GAME!! 2-1!! The Gunners respond on the stroke of half-time as Spurs botch a clearance from the edge of the box. Pepe manages to work an offload towards Lacazette in the left inside channel. He takes a neat touch to get the better of Vertonghen and the ball sits up for him to strike. He goes for power with his left-footed effort, hammering it past Lloris from close range. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! KANE HAMMERS THE BALL HOME! 2-0 TOTTENHAM! Spurs double their advantage as Kane holds his composure fire his strike into the net. In true fashion, the England man rattles his attempt into the left bottom corner giving Leno no chance. Spurs are in control here.,1

Lamela pulls back Torreira on the charge and goes into the book. Spurs are being pushed back by the home side.,2

Tottenham nudge the ball around at the back and play themselves into trouble. Rose has to commit to a challeng with Lacazette and clips the forward late. He goes into the book for his challenge.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! ERIKSEN TAPS HOME FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 1-0 SPURS!!! The visitors take the lead after hitting the Gunners on the counter. Son releases the run of Lamela through on goal and he strikes a right-footed effort towards the target. It's a tame strike, but Leno can only palm the ball out straight to Eriksen. The Dane accepts the gift and converts from close range.,1

Over and out for Hwang, who has put in a fine shift for Wolves. Perhaps his replacement Trincao can make the difference?,0

Hell of a shift there from Gudmundsson, who has worked his socks off with little reward. On comes Vydra as Burnley look to snatch this one.,0

Substitution for Burnley then. A disappointed Wood, who scored a hat-trick here last season, is hooked for Jay Rodriguez just before the hour.,0

Another Burnley player goes into the book and it's about right as Lowton catches Hwang with an elbow during an aerial challenge, which drew a bit of a reaction from the Wolves forward.,2

If you're a Burnley fan that's probably not what you want to see. Mee is the first player to go into the book for a clumsy clatter into Traore. Just the 83 minutes to get through...,2

Martinez goes into the book after grabbing Maupay who was on the floor. It was silly from the Aston Villa goalkeeper in the final few minutes of the game.,2

It's all kicking off! Kamara is sent off! Martinez appeared to push Maupay to the floor, and the Villa goalkeeper pulled the forward off the ground, sparking another brawl. Kamara grabbed Yarmoliuk round the neck and the referee produced a red card.,3

Maupay charges down Martinez and the Villa goalkeeper goes to ground, with the Brentford striker booked in the process.,2

It's another substitution from Villa as Ramsey comes off the pitch. Dendoncker comes on to add some solidity in midfield.,0

Ghoddos was involved in an altercation with the Villa players after they celebrated in front of the Brentford supporters.,2

Konsa was the first player to confront Ghoddos, which sparked a mass reaction from both sides, and he was booked for his involvement.,2

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! 2-1!! Aston Villa are in front! Emery's side have completed the turnaround. From the corner, Ramsey delivered into the box, and it was flicked on by Kamara. Watkins timed his run to perfection and arrived late inside the six-yard box to power a header into the back of the net. The red card has had a major impact on Brentford and Villa have taken advantage!,1

Emery makes another attacking change as Villa now search for a winner. Zaniolo comes on in place of Torres, signalling a change in shape for the away side.,0

GOOOAAALLLL!!! 1-1!!! Aston Villa equalise! McGinn finds Bailey on the right-hand side, just inside the Brentford box. The winger stands up his marker before floating a delivery towards the back post. It evades all the opposition defenders, and Moreno comes storming in to send a bullet header beyond Flekken between the sticks! Emery’s side finally find the back of the net!,1

Brentford make a defensive change after the red card, with central defender Collins coming on for striker Wissa.,0

Mee is sent off! The referee had to go to the monitor to check the challenge and Mee has been given his marching orders. It was a reckless tackle from the Brentford defender, but Frank is furious on the sideline!,3

Frank looks to tighten up his midfield, adding fresh legs, with Onyeka entering the fray. Damsgaard is the player to make way.,0

Diaby, who hasn't been involved as much as he would have hoped, is taken off. Duran comes on in his place in what is an attacking change from the Villa manager.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 BRENTFORD!! The Bees win a corner and Ghoddos looks to send a delivery into the box. It's a dangerous one and Emery's side struggle to deal with it as it cannons off a defender towards the edge of the box. Moreno goes to clear but Lewis-Potter knicks the ball in front of him before firing into the back of the net! They haven't had many chances, but they were clinical this time around!,1

GOOOAAAALLLLL! FERNANDES GETS ONE BACK! The penalty looked soft but United won't care. Their penalty expert made no mistake to give them a glimmer of hope. 3-1!,1

Lindelof wins the ball but his boot is slightly off the ground and in today's game, that warrants a yellow card.,2

GOOOOAAALLLL! HAS KLUIVERT WON IT? The ball in should be cleared but it's allowed to dribble across goal and Kluivert gratefully chips it past De Gea. 3-0 Leipzig!,1

And fresh from more controversy stirred up by his agent, Pogba replaces Matic for the closing stages.,0

Unsurprisingly, Solskjaer has made a change. Van De Beek is on for Telles who is perhaps unlucky to be the man hooked.,0

Shaw is booked for a challenge on Konate despite clearly winning the ball. The Leipzig defender made a meal of it, and the referee lapped it up.,2

GOOAAAALLLL! 2-0 LEIPZIG! That is far too easy. Angelino is once again in space and turns provider this time. His back-post delivery is met on the volley by Haidara who strikes it cleanly into the far corner to double the German side's lead!,1

GOAAAAALLLLL! LEIPZIG LEAD INSIDE TWO MINUTES! Sabitzer plays a lovely ball behind the back four and Lindelof and Wan-Bissaka can only watch as it makes it all the way across the box where Angelino is on hand to drill it into the far corner. De Gea had no chance. 1-0 Leipzig!,1

Sane is replaced by Tel. The former City man went close with a first-half free-kick but has been kept very quiet since.,0

Gila goes down clutching at his groin and immediately calls for a substitution. Patric is brought on in his place.,0

To join Isaksen on the bench, the penalty goalscorer Immobile also makes way as Castellanos enters the fray.,0

Having won the penalty to put his team ahead, Isaksen is now taken off for Pedro, the former Barcelona and Chelsea man.,0

Upamecano's red card means Tuchel brings on De Ligt for Goretzka to try and shore things up at the back.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! IMMOBILE SCORES FROM THE SPOT!!! Lazio's talisman comes up big for his team when they need him as Immobile makes no mistake. He steps up, coolly sends Neuer the wrong way before rolling the ball into the bottom right corner to put the hosts 1-0 up!!!,1

Kimmich's protests are vociferous enough to earn him a yellow card before the penalty is taken. The German champions are in real danger of losing their heads here!,2

BAYERN DOWN TO 10 MEN!!! To make things even worse for the visitors, Upamecano's challenge is ruled to be dangerous, and he is given his marching orders! What a huge moment that could prove to be! It also rules Upamecano out of the second leg!,3

Despite trying to play on after going down a moment ago, Hysaj is indeed forced off for the first change of the game. Lazzari comes on in his place.,0

Vecino gets around Sensi, who quickly drags him to ground. That's a yellow for the Sassuolo substitute, and a big opportunity here for Inter from yet another free-kick.,2

Babacar, now a permanent member of this Sassuolo side after spending half of last season with the club on loan, replaces Boateng for the final five minutes.,0

A second change for Sassuolo as Boga, who comes over from Chelsea's youth academy having played with Birmingham City last season, replaces Di Francesco. One debutant on for another.,0

Lautaro had Inter fans' expectations through the roof, especially following his wonder goal against Atletico in pre-season, but his debut ends here without a goal as he gives way to another debutant, forward Keita Balde.,0

Sassuolo's first change of the match sees debutant Bourabia, who put in an excellent shift, give way for Sensi.,0

Vecino becomes the second Inter player booked in this match, and the fourth overall, as he catches Duncan with a high boot. That was very dangerous, and could have ended much worse for the Nerazzurri midfielder...,2

Perisic is on for the second half, replacing Dalbert. Asamoah will likely drop to fill in at left-back, with Perisic hoping to provide a spark in attack.,0

SASSUOLO HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! 1-0! No mistake from Berardi who powers an effort straight down the middle, which finds its way through Handanovic!,1

PENALTY TO INTER! Di Francesco bursts forward on a probing run, sprinting into the penalty area before being dragged down rather desperately by Miranda, and the referee doesn't hesitate in pointing to the spot! Miranda sees yellow for the foul, as well.,2

A second booking for Sassuolo now, something they will have to be wary of going forward, as Rogerio sees yellow for dragging Vecino down on the right flank.,2

Duncan commits himself to a cynical and somewhat lazy challenge in midfield and sees an early yellow as a result.,2

Sancet replaces Muniain, who takes his time leaving the field to kill every possible second off the clock.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! YURI FIRES HOME A VITAL AWAY GOAL!!!!! 2-1 ON THE NIGHT!!!!!! Bilbao are heading through to the final as it stands as Yuri latches on to Vesga's throughball into the left inside channel and drills his effort across Silva into the bottom-right corner. The full-back holds his composure under pressure to score a vital away goal for the visitors, which could well end them through to the final.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SANCHEZ HEADS GRANADA IN FRONT!!!! 2-0!!!!!!!! The home fans erupt as Sanchez puts his team in front in the tie with a fine header from close range. Machis sends a fine delivery in from the left flank and Sanchez rises above Nunez to direct his header down and away from Simon into the bottom-left corner. A huge moment for Granada.,1

Sanchez mistimes his lunge on Muniain and goes into the book. Bilbao have a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! FERNANDEZ HEADS HOME!!!!!! GRANADA LEVEL THE TIE!!!! The home side take the lead on the night and level the tie as Fernandez rises in the box to glance home Machis' cross from the left flank. Machis floats a delivery into the box and Fernandez gets in between two defenders to leap and guide his header away from Simon into the net.,1

Yeray catches Gonalons with a high boot and goes into the book. Granada have a free-kick 35 yards from goal.,2

Final changes for both sides now, starting with the hosts. Yildiz, the scorer of Juve's fourth goal, is taken off for Nonge.,0

After Vlahovic fails to get his toe on an overhead kick in the six-yard box, Frosinone threaten to break on the counter. Gatti takes one for the team by bringing down Romagnoli, and gets a booking for it.,2

With the tie pretty much done, Allegri is making a triple change. Milik goes off to a standing ovation after his hat-trick as he's replaced by Vlahovic.,0

YILDIZ SCORES! And that one will count! It's another wonderful cross from McKennie as he pings it into the far post to pick out Yildiz's run. The finish looks a little awkward as he jumps to meet it on the volley, but that doesn't matter as the ball hits the back of the net, and that should seal the semi-final spot for Juventus. 4-0 Juve!,1

Frosinone are making a double change this time. The final loan player from Juventus comes on, with Barrenechea replacing Mazzitelli.,0

HAT-TRICK! Milik scores his third of the game! Frosinone try to play out from the back, but Locatelli is alert and steps in front of Mazzitelli to intercept Cerofolini's pass. He shapes as if to shoot, drawing the goalkeeper to him, but at the last moment, knocks it into Milik, who is left with a simple tap-in into the back of the net. 3-0 Juve!,1

There's a change at the break for Frosinone, and it's one of the other Juventus loan players coming on as Soule replaces Ibrahimovic.,0

MILIK SCORES AGAIN! Frosinone have constantly been caught out by the big switch, and this time, they're punished for it! McKennie brings it down on the left and gets his head up to spot Milik making a late run to the far post. None of the defenders spot him until it's too late, and he brings it down on his chest before slotting it under Cerofolini. 2-0 Juve!,1

Kostic gets a toe to the ball, but he goes through Okoli in order to reach it. He's the second Juventus player into the book.,2

Locatelli slides in and gets the ball, but traps Mazzitelli's legs during his follow-through. He's shown the first yellow card of the game, even as he's protesting his innocence.,2

MILIK SCORES! He's made to wait a long time to take it, but it doesn't faze him! The Frosinone players refuse to leave the box, and the referee keeps shepherding them out of the area. When Milik does step up, he bounds up to the ball, sending the keeper the wrong way, and his shot nestles into the bottom left corner. 1-0 Juve!,1

GOOOAL! Forsberg makes it 2-2! Werner tricks his way past Dias near the left-hand byline before squeezing a lofted delivery into the box, and the unmarked Forsberg rises highest to direct the ball into the bottom left-hand corner.,1

GOOOAL! Forsberg makes it 2-1! The midfielder steps up with confidence and makes no mistake from the spot, as he sends the goalkeeper the wrong way and strikes the ball down the middle of the net.,1

Dias is immediately shown a yellow card by the referee despite his protests. Forsberg is now stepping up to take the penalty...,2

After some delay, RB Leipzig are forced into making their second change of the match as Gulacsi is replaced by Mvogo in the hosts' goal.,0

GOOOAL! Vinicius makes it 2-0 to Benfica! The striker capitalises on Klostermann's error near the halfway line to find himself in a one-on-one situation with Gulacsi, and Vinicius makes no mistake as he slots the ball into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

GOOOAL! Pizzi makes it 1-0 to Benfica! A neat passage of build-up play sees Vinicius flick it into the path of Taarabt on the left-hand side of the box, and he then squares the ball into the centre to eventually pick out Pizzi who drills it into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! Game. Set. Match!!!! Udinese are heading to the Serie A summit as they put the gloss on this famous victory!!! They break down the right again and Deulofeu crosses after playing a one-two with Samardzic, and Arslan is at the back post to smash a diving header into the roof of the net, and it's 3-1 with no way back for Inter!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! That may well win it!!! Deulofeu's corner is met by Bijol racing towards the near post, who fires a powerful header over the crowd of players in the box and nestles the ball in the far corner!!! What a header, and what a way to potentially win this match!,1

Inter make another defensive switch as Acerbi comes off, replaced on his first league start for the Nerazzuri by Stefan de Vrij.,0

Beto couldn't add to his four goals in this game, and Isaac Success will take his place in attack for the hosts.,0

Brozovic slides in recklessly on Walace but catches only the player, and the Serb is booked by the referee as a result.,2

Gagliardini and Becao both contest a 50-50 ball, but the Inter midfielder comes off worse, with Becao getting none of the ball and picking up a yellow card for the challenge.,2

Dzeko's flick on for Dumfries comes to nothing after Udogie catches the Inter wing-back off the ball, and the on-loan Tottenham player is booked for the home side.,2

Darmian swings his boot to clear a bouncing ball, but catches an onrushing Becao high, sending him to the floor and receiving a yellow card from the referee.,2

Pereyra's heavy touch to get past two allows Dimarco to clear for Inter, but Pereyra follows through on him and smashes into the Inter substitute, and the Ude captain is booked as a result.,2

Inter's other yellow-carded player is also brought off, with Bastoni, who was so close to scoring just moments ago, withdrawn for Federico Dimarco.,0

Simone Inzaghi clearly isn't happy with what he's seeing so far, and the Inter boss makes a double substitution, bringing off Mkhitaryan first for Roberto Gagliardini.,0

Pereyra surges down the right before cutting inside, and he glides past Mkhitaryan before being taken to ground by the Armenian, who picks up his side's second yellow card of the match.,2

Bastoni loses out to Beto and Pereyra races forward with it, but he's clipped by the Inter defender and Bastoni picks up the first yellow card of the match.,2

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! Thunderbolt!!! Barella steps up to take the free-kick, and calmly curls it straight over the wall and beyond Silvestri into the top corner!!! No way Silvestri was stopping that, with that peach of a free-kick giving Inter an early 1-0 lead!,1

GOOOAAAAAALLL!! 4-1 PSG! Ethan Mbappe plays a first-time pass into the feet of Kolo Muani, and he quickly fires it out wide to Kylian Mbappe. He drives at the Lorient defence, cutting inside onto his stronger foot. He breaks into the penalty area and sends a curling strike towards the bottom corner, and it flies into the back of the net!,1

GOOOAAAALLL!! 3-1! Lorient pull one back! The ball is shifted out wide to Mendy, and he wastes no time getting it out of his feet before sending a searching cross into the penalty area. It lands on the head of Bamba, who has peeled away from his marker, and he fires it into the top corner! Donnarumma couldn’t get enough on it.,1

There's a change in the middle of the park for Lorient, with Abergel entering the game. Louza is substituted.,0

There's another change in the middle of the park for PSG, with Mayulu making way. Soler enters the fray.,0

GOOOAAAAALLLL!!! 3-0 PSG! Lee picks out Mbappe on the left-hand side, and he nutmegs Adjei superbly before bursting into the box. He spots Dembele at the back post and fires a cross into his feet, and the French attacker can tap the ball into an empty net! He grabs his second goal of the game.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!! 2-0 PSG!! Mbappe takes a touch outside the penalty area before finding Mendes inside the box. He looks to pull it back towards Mbappe, and the French attacker produces a lovely flick to guide the ball into the bottom corner! It's a sensational finish from the PSG star.,1

GOOAAAAAALLL!! 1-0 PSG!! Lorient give the ball away and Mayulu fires it out wide to Dembele on the right-hand side. He drifts onto his left foot, dancing past the challenges of multiple defenders, before creating space for himself inside the box. He works it onto his left foot and sends a curling strike into the bottom corner, leaving Mvogo with no chance!,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! BAYERN 3-0 HOFFENHEIM!! Kane brings up his 22nd goal in the Bundesliga to equal Robert Lewandowski's record for the most in the first half of a season. Kane was slotted in by Goretzka and his shot has too much power on it for Baumann, who can only help it on its way into the net.,1

Two-goal Musiala, the best player on the pitch today, is taken off late on. On comes Choupo-Moting in his place.,0

Becker is on for Beier, who has been lively up top without managing to find the breakthrough goal for the visitors.,0

Pavlovic drags back fellow substitute Tohumcu to halt the Hoffenheim counter and enters the referee's book.,2

Bebou, left out of the starting line-up today, is brought on with his side having a mountain to climb. Weghorst is on in his place.,0

Promel, who was contentiously booked in the first half, is issued a second caution for a late challenge on Tel. That was perhaps worthy of a straight red rather than a yellow.,3

GOOOAAALL!!! BAYERN 2-0 HOFFENHEIM!! Musiala shows superb footwork and plays in Sane down the left. Sane returns the favour and Musiala turns the ball past Baumann from the edge of the six-yard box. Superbly worked by the hosts!,1

Promel is cautioned for catching the boot of Muller. He may have got some of the ball, but he also got plenty of Muller.,2

GOOOAAAALLL!!! BAYERN 1-0 HOFFENHEIM!! What an emotional moment for Bayern! The hosts win themselves another corner, which is again worked short and eventually played to Musiala. The angle is very tight but he blasts it through Baumann at his near post. Cue the latest tribute to Beckenbauer over the sound system.,1

Sane leads the Bayern counter and is dragged back by Stach, who accepts the yellow card. The bad news is the holding midfielder has another 75 minutes or so to avoid another caution.,2

Inter are looking to let the clock run down and are now making their final change. Bastoni created the first goal and is now coming off. De Vrij replaces him at centre-back.,0

Dumfries played his part in winning the penalty and is now coming off. D'Ambrosio is on for the final few minutes.,0

GOALLLL! LUKAKU SCORES! 2-0 INTER! Lukaku with a composed penalty. He strokes the ball into the bottom corner beyond the reach of Vlachodimos, who dives the right way.,1

Benfica make an attacking change. Florentino is off with Neres replacing him. Aursnes is now playing a deeper role alongside Chiquinho.,0

Inter make three changes. Dzeko had a bright start to the game, but has failed to make an impact in the final third. Lukaku, who scored against Porto in the last round, is coming on.,0

GOALLLLLL! BARELLA SCORES! 1-0 INTER! Inter break the deadlock! Bastoni rushes forward from centre-back and sends a cross into the box from the left. Barella gets away from his marker and heads the ball across the goal and into the bottom corner.,1

Silva recieves the first yellow card of the game after a late tackle on Martinez. He went through the striker trying to get the ball.,2

Doherty scored the own goal, and now departs with an injury after Vardy's challenge. Hardly an ideal day for the Irish defender. Gibbs-White enters the fray in his stead.,0

Vardy goes in late and hard on Doherty... AND HE'S GIVEN A RED CARD! He did get the ball first but the follow through was nasty and he's been sent off for it.,3

GOALLL!!!! RIGHT ON CUE! Maddison had space at the top of the box and shot! It took a deflection on the way in, but he's celebrating nonetheless!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! 4-2! What a lovely goal! It will count for little today, but 17-year-old Wirtz digs out a beautiful finish to beat Neuer and find the corner of the net.,1

SUB: Leverkusen make their final change, and Volland replaces goalscorer Alario. It feels a long time ago that he broke the deadlock.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! LEWANDOWSKI! It's 4-1! And Bayern's star man gets in on the act, his 44th goal of the season in all competitions, making this his most prolific campaign. Lewandowski towers in a header.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! It is three now! And it is Gnabry! 3-1! Leverkusen have crumbled quite spectacularly. Defending so impressively from deep early on, their high line is being exploited time and time again now. Gnabry lifts a simple finish over Hradecky as a looping ball drops into his path.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! 2-1 BAYERN! Goretzka! The man who assisted Bayern's first scores their second. At the end of a wonderful move, a shot across Hradecky just creeps under the goalkeeper's left hand.,1

YELLOW: Bellarabi is booked for a foul on Davies. The referee then also halts play to have a word with both coaches. This has been a keenly contested first half.,2

YELLOW: It is Lewandowski's turn to go into the book as he tangles with Bender. The striker will miss Bayern's next match now.,2

YELLOW: Amiri is starting to struggle up against Davies, and he goes into the book for tripping the Bayern left-back as he advances just outside the area.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! 1-1! Clinical from Coman! Coman has had a tough start to this match but makes no mistake went sent clear. Hradecky does not know whether to stay on his line or advance and ultimately can do little to stop the shot, which bends into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! IT COUNTS! Leverkusen lead! Alario makes it 1-0! Alario darts through and prods past Neuer at the near post. The flag goes up, and Bayern are certain that was the right call, but the replays show the striker is just onside.,1

YELLOW: The first card of the day goes to Coman, who is booked for diving as he falls on the edge of the area after going past Tapsoba.,2

GOOOOOAAALLL!!!! Leeds have pulled one back!!! Gelhardt drives forward and plays a one-two with Bamford. He squeezes it through to Summerville, who prods the ball beyond an onrushing Leno, and it rolls into the net to make it 3-2!!! Can Leeds go one better here?,1

Willian's first goal for the Cottagers looks to have put the game beyond Leeds' reach, and Shane Duffy comes on for him to ensure Leeds don't pull a goal back.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! That should do it!!! Reed steps past Koch in the box, and cuts the ball back across goal, with Willian stretching across to slide the ball into the bottom corner!!! 3-1 to Fulham with just over five minutes remaining, and that will see off Leeds, and might just see off Jesse Marsch too!!,1

Greenwood's done well in the centre of midfield, and Marsch brings him off for Mateusz Klich, who has been a source of late goals for Leeds in past seasons.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! Fulham get their noses in front!!! The initial corner is cleared, but Pereira crosses back into the box. The unmarked De Cordova-Reid meets it at the front post, and it's another glancing header across Meslier and into the far corner!!! Two awful pieces of defending from Leeds have yielded two goals, and that one from their makeshift right-back puts them 2-1 in front!,1

Sinisterra has been the Whites' most creative outlet along with Aaronson, but is carrying a knock and comes off for Crysencio Summerville.,0

Wilson comes off in Fulham's first change, and is replaced by the man he replaced in the starting XI, Neeskens Kebano.,0

Robinson looks to contest a 50-50 with Greenwood, but arrives significantly later and catches the Leeds midfielder, and is booked for the challenge.,2

Palhinha looks to put Pereira into space, but Cooper slides across and catches the Fulham playmaker with a woeful challenge, and the Leeds captain picks up a well-deserved booking.,2

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! The Cottagers hit back!!! Pereira's corner finds a free Mitrovic at the front post, and the clinical Serb flicks a header beyond Meslier and into the back of the net!!! Woeful defence from Leeds, and it means we're level once more at 1-1!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!! Leeds strike first!!!! Aaronson's throughball for Harrison is missed by Robinson, giving the winger time and space to shoot. He does so, but the low effort is parried by Leno, but Rodrigo reacts quickest to head the loose ball into the net and put Leeds 1-0 up!!! Elland Road is in raptures, but will also be breathing a sigh of relief as Leeds lead!!,1

RED CARD!! Sevilla are down to ten men late on after Acuna flies into a challenge recklessly with Ceballos. The home side's chances of getting back into this game just got that bit harder.,3

GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! RODRYGO AT THE DOUBLE!! 2-1!! End-to-end in a matter of moments and Madrid lead. It's an awful delivery from the free-kick and Madrid can break. Rodrygo latches onto the loose ball initially and continues his run. He receives the ball back just inside the Sevilla half and races through on goal. Once inside the box, he shows incredible composure to jink past Montiel before sliding the ball into the corner. What a solo finish and his second of the game!,1

Tchouameni flies into a challenge with Mir and catches the boot of the Sevilla striker. The Frenchman is shown a yellow card.,2

Vazquez is not so aware on this occasion and hauls down Gil as the winger looks to turn in behind. It's a yellow card for the Madrid full-back.,2

GOAAAAALLLL!!! MADRID EQUALISE!! 1-1!! Rodrygo finds the back of the net from the free-kick and Madrid are level! There is a queue of players lining up to take the free-kick, but it's Rodrygo who takes it. The Brazilian's effort wrong-foots the goalkeeper, with the ball nestling in the bottom right corner.,1

GOAAAAALLLL!!! SEVILLA LEAD!! 1-0!! With the first attack of the game, Sevilla are ahead. The ball is worked well down the left. The cross is blocked by Militao as far as Gil, who tries his luck. His effort is blocked but the ball falls into the path of Mir, who makes no mistake and fires past Courtois.,1

This change might suggest that Favre knows the tie is over. Reus is off and midfielder Delaney comes on.,0

Son's night has come to an end with Lamela introduced for the final 20 minutes. Tottenham continue to lead 4-0 on aggregate.,0

Favre seeks to reinvigorate a clearly dispirited Dortmund. Pulisic is on first in place of Guerreiro.,0

Pochettino won't be pleased to have lost Winks but he has a solid replacement available in the fit-again Dier. The midfielder has missed the past six matches due to tonsilitis.,0

GOALLL!!! Kane pounces and Spurs are surely headed for the quarter-finals! Dortmund are caught napping at the back as Sissoko plays Kane in for a one-on-one, and the striker makes no mistake with a cool finish inside the near post. 1-0.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!! 3-3! PSG EQUALISE! Lee is fed out wide by Hakimi and he cuts back onto his left before delivering a dangerous cross into the penalty area. Ramos rises above his marker and produces a sensational header, which flies into the bottom corner! Enrique's side now need to push for a winner if they want to win the title today!,1

Elsner makes a change as Le Havre hope to see out the game. Kuzyaev enters the fray, and he will replace Targhalline.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!! 3-2!! PSG pull one back! Ramos turns well and evades the challenge of multiple defenders, before slotting a throughball into the path of Hakimi. The Moroccan wing-back goes one-on-one with the goalkeeper, and he fires it underneath him and into the back of the net! Can they mount a comeback?,1

Ayew, who found the back of the net for Le Havre in the first half, is substituted. Kechta comes on to replace him.,0

GOOOAAAALLL!! 3-1 LE HAVRE! Toure steps up to the spot, and he takes a deep breath before starting his run up. He approaches the ball, and he fires it into the bottom corner, sending Navas the wrong way! PSG have a mountain to climb now!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-1! Le Havre are back in front! Salmier plays a long, searching ball over the top of the defence, and Nego does well to control it before waiting for his team-mates. He produces a backheel which finds Ayew, and he works it onto his left before firing a powerful strike into the back of the net!,1

GOAAAAALL!! 1-1! PSG equalise! Zaire-Emery finds himself in space inside the opposition box and he gets to the byline before firing a low cross towards the back post. It evades all the Le Havre defenders and Barcola arrives unmarked, and he fires it into an empty net to get his side back into the game!,1

GOOOOAAAAALLL!! 1-0 LE HAVRE! Ayew holds the ball up well before producing a clever flick to Casimir, who quickly finds Nego. He pokes the ball to his left and Sabbi receives it before carrying towards the box. He lays it to Operi who has burst forward on the overlap, and he drills it into the bottom corner! Le Havre have a surprise lead at the Parc des Princes!,1

Two further changes for Cologne as they try and equalise again. The first change sees Ljubicic head off for Schaub.,0

GNABRY AGAIN! 3-2! Bayern re-establish their lead as Gnabry controls a pass from Kimmich, before hammering an angled drive across goal and high into the net! Horn dived despairingly for it, but the strike beat him for pace.,1

UTH! 2-2! Cologne equalise after two goals in two minutes! The visitors hit Bayern on the break as Ehizibue charges down the right before whipping in a cross in front of Upamecano and into Uth who slides in to poke a close-range finish past Neuer!,1

MODESTE! 2-1! Cologne halve the deficit immediately! Hector drives at Stanisic before whipping in a brilliant cross that flashes over Sule and into the path of Modeste who thumps a header past Neuer from near the penalty spot!,1

GNABRY! 2-0! Muller sets Musiala free again - this time down the right flank - and the attacker hits in a dangerous low cross that flicks off Mere and into the path of Gnabry who slots it in from close range at the back post! ,1

LEWANDOWSKI! 1-0! Muller sets Musiala free down the left flank and the attacker dances past Mere on the way to the byline, before cutting it back to Lewandowski who clinically stabs it in from close range! ,1

Bayern switch things up with a double substitution to start the second half: the first change sees Sane depart for Musiala in attack.,0

Gundogan is replaced by Mahrez in a move that will most likely see De Bruyne drop back into a deeper position in midfield.    ,0

Mendy is the latest player in the book after cynically tugging at Pepe's shirt after the attacker shimmied past him.  ,2

Ozil is replaced by Smith Rowe as Arsenal continue to search for a spark to get back into this game.  ,0

WHAT A STRIKE FROM DE BRUYNE! 3-0 CITY! Arsenal are temporarily reduced to 10 men while they prepare to substitute Kolasinac and City take full advantage! Foden gracefully drove through the heart of the Arsenal midfield, before slipping a pass through to De Bruyne, who elected to shoot against a backtracking Arsenal defence and his low effort from 25 yards swerves viciously into the bottom corner beyond Leno!,1

Kolasinac jinks past one challenge on the left flank before racing past Rodrigo who cynically trips the marauding full-back, earning himself a yellow card.  ,2

CITY GET A SECOND! 2-0! Manchester City initiate another quick counter-attack as Foden threads a pass through to De Bruyne. The Belgian proceeds to drive at the Arsenal backline, drawing in a couple of defenders, before cleverly sliding a pass from the left across goal towards Sterling, who nips past his marker to tap into an empty net!,1

CITY STRIKE EARLY! 1-0! The away side spring forward quickly after an Arsenal corner and conduct a fluent, sweeping move that culminates with Jesus drilling a low cross towards the back post, where De Bruyne is on hand to lash a powerful effort into the roof of the net! ,1

ANOTHER FOR ARSENAL! 3-0! The away side are rampant now and Saka's at the heart of it again! This time he dispossesses Kamada 30 yards from goal, before slipping Aubameyang clean through on goal and he makes no mistake on this occasion, rolling it beyond a helpless Trapp.  ,1

GOAL FOR ARSENAL! That makes it 2-0 and that should be the win secured now for the London club. Arsenal initiate another counter-attack with Pepe finding Saka in space on the edge of the box. The Arsenal attacker rolls the ball out of his feet, before slamming a curling effort into the bottom corner from 25 yards!  ,1

Kamada's booked for a dangerous studs-up challenge on Ceballos - Frankfurt look like their frustration's getting the better of them. ,2

Red card for Kohr! Frankfurt's problems have just mounted considerably! Saka makes up for his earlier miss by drawing a cynical trip from Kohr, who's given a second yellow card for stopping the breakaway. The hosts are furious with the decision, but they can have little complaint there.   ,3

Da Costa is replaced by Chandler on the right flank with Eintracht looking for an injection of creativity to get back on level terms.     ,0

Willock is replaced by Ceballos as Arsenal search for a little more energy in midfield entering the final 20 minutes.,0

Dost - who's been guilty of wasting a few openings so far - is replaced by Saturday's goalscorer, Paciencia. ,0

Kostic turns Willock on the edge of the box and wins a dangerous free-kick that also earns the Arsenal man a yellow card.,2

Kohr is booked for cynically dragging Pepe down as Arsenal attempt to get another counter-attack started.  ,2

GOAL FOR ARSENAL! 1-0! Saka kickstarts an Arsenal counter-attack by jinking past Kohr, before sliding Willock in behind the Frankfurt defence. The Arsenal attacker cuts inside before hitting a curling effort that takes a wicked deflection and loops over Trapp, off the underside of the bar, and in! ,1

Neto's booked for shoving the ball into the chest of Barnes. The Wolves man isn't happy at how long Barnes is taking to take the throw-in.,2

Wolves make an attacking change. Trincao replaces Saiss. The visitors will switch to four at the back.,0

Burnley make the substitution they were planning before they scored. Barnes takes Rodriguez's place on the pitch.,0

GOAL! BURNLEY 1-0 WOLVES! Vydra hands Burnley a vital lead! It's a simple goal, as McNeil spots the run of Weghorst down the right-hand channel. The winger slips the Dutchman through and he squares it to Vydra who can't fail to find the bottom right corner!,1

Vydra picks up the game's first yellow card for scything down Semedo. Wolves now have a free-kick down their right.,2

Boscagli slowly makes his way off the pitch after receiving treatment, and Obispo is brought on just before the fourth official shows there will be a minimum of six additional minutes.,0

There's also a change for PSV, though this one is enforced. After receiving treatment, Saibari makes his way straight off the field, with Mauro Junior coming on for him.,0

And Fullkrug, who has struggled to get into this game, managing just one shot, is replaced by Moukoko.,0

Dortmund's final change is a double swap. The goalscorer, Malen, is taken off, with Ozcan on in his place.,0

Dortmund are making their second change now, and it's another switch to their forward line. Sancho is taken off, with Wolf on in his place.,0

Dortmund are making the first change of the game as Terzic tries to inject some energy into his team. Reus is taken off, with Brandt on in his place.,0

DE JONG SCORES! The captain pulls them level! It's a confident penalty from De Jong, who just stops in front of the ball before striking it. He drills it low into the bottom left corner, and though Meyer dives the right way, he can't get across to it in time. 1-1!,1

The referee initially played the advantage after Schlotterbeck kicked Tillman's feet out from under him in the centre circle, but he revisits it now. It's a costly booking for the defender as it means he'll miss the second leg.,2

Maatsen is turned easily by Bakayoko, so the defender just tugs at his arm to stop him from getting away. He's the first Dortmund player to have his name taken.,2

MALEN SCORES! Tillman is caught on the ball by Can, and Sancho sets the attack on its way for Dortmund. Sabitzer spreads it out to Malen on the edge of the box, and he takes it around Boscagli before trying his luck from a tight angle on the right. It gets the slightest of nicks off the defender which takes it into the top corner, taking it away from Benitez. 1-0 Dortmund!,1

Ryerson turns away from Lozano and threatens to break, so the Mexican tugs him back by his shorts. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

DE PAUL!!! 2-0 ATLETICO! Breathing space for the visitors. Following a lovely move, Griezmann gets in behind. The France international unselfishly squares the ball for De Paul, who applies the finishing touch.,1

CUNHA!!! 1-0 ATLETICO! The visitors lead! Cunha demonstrates tremendous instincts as he slides in to meet Lodi's low cross and direct the ball past Badia.,1

Milla receives the first yellow card of the game after catching Kondogbia late. He will now miss Elche's next match as a result.,2

GOAL!! Morata gets one back for Atletico! Thomas works some space on the edge of the box and drills it through for Morata, who takes a touch and smashes the ball past the advancing Hradecky! It's 2-1!,1

Amiri slides in recklessly on Arias, he's out of control and gets none of the ball. It's a straight red card for the Leverkusen winger, and his side are now down to 10 men!,3

Wendell is now replaced by Retsos as Bosz throws on a more defensive player at full-back to see out the win.,0

Oblak is also, somewhat harshly, carded, although it looked as though he was trying to get between Morata and the Leverkusen players.,2

A melee ensues in the penalty spot before the corner is taken, with Morata in particular engaging in a heated exchange with several Leverkusen players. It takes a few minutes to settle down and the referee has his card out, with the Atletico striker one of four men booked for their part in proceedings.,2

Correa is now replaced by Herrera - an odd change as a forward departs for a midfielder. Koke returns to the flank and Vitolo partners Morata in attack.,0

Aranguiz comes off for Baumgartlinger in the Leverkusen midfield as Bosz looks for fresh legs to see the game out.,0

Costa, who has barely touched the ball all night, comes off for Vitolo as Simeone wastes no time in making a second change.,0

GOAL!! VOLLAND MAKES IT 2-0!! Bellarabi fizzes a fine cross in that evades Hermoso and Volland takes one touch to set himself before firing in a low effort past Oblak and into the bottom-right corner! ,1

GOOALL! Lazio get one back, Parolo! Correa wins a free-kick from Sule deep on the left. Pereira's delivery, high towards the back post, is absolutely perfect and Parolo does well to keep his header down and direct it past Nubel.,1

GOOALLL! Choupo-Moting makes it 2-0 on the night, 6-1 on aggregate! Kimmich finds Alaba in space in midfield and he picks out a fine through ball to Choupo-Moting. He doesn't hesitate, pulling out a delightful chipped finish into the bottom-right corner. Great goal.,1

Flick makes his second change. Goretzka, with a yellow card to his name, is taken off, with Davies coming on.,0

Lazzari is going off, he looks really shaken up. It looks as though he's either broken or dislocated his finger. Parolo comes on in his place.,0

Fares tried to run off his injury at the break but he hasn't come back out for the second half. Lulic replaces him.,0

Gnabry and Muller play a smart one-two at the edge of the area and the former is fouled by Milinkovic-Savic as he looks to burst into the penalty area. Yellow card. Bayern get a free-kick in a perfect shooting position, slightly to the left of centre and about six yards outside the box.,2

GOOOAAALL! 1-0 Bayern, Lewandowski from the spot! A hop, skip, and a slam into the bottom-left corner. Reina goes the wrong way. Great penalty.,1

With the win all but secured, Xavi opts to make some subs to rest his players. First, Gavi comes off for Fati.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL! GAME, SET, MATCH! Alba receives the ball over the top, lays it off to Raphinha who gets a goal of his own. Barcelona 3-0 Sevilla.,1

It's all kicking off here in Barcelona, Raphinha is tripped right on the edge of the box. Or is it in the box? Referee deems it a free-kick and Jordan is booked for the foul.,2

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL! Gavi gets on the score sheet after some shambolic defending leaves him onside. Raphinha passes the ball across the face of goal and the number 6 pokes it home. Barcelona 2-0 Sevilla!,1

GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! IT HAS BEEN COMING AND IT'S ALBA WHO GETS BARCA IN FRONT. From a cross in, Raphinha taps it to Kessie, who turns cleverly and finds the full-back rushing in on the left. His shot hits the inside of the far post and gives the hosts the lead! Barcelona 1-0 Sevilla.,1

An early sub here, as Kessie comes on for the injured Busquets. Let's see how this will affect Xavi's gameplan.,0

Almiron is still the game's sole goalscorer, but he's had a much quieter second half and he comes off for Joe Willock.,0

Saint-Maximin's been at his flamboyant best in this game, but without the end product, and he comes off for Jacob Murphy.,0

Gallagher shoves over Guimaraes long after he's passed the ball, and is needlessly booked. That's his 20th yellow card since the start of the 2020-21 season.,2

Almiron's celebration, taking off his shirt and diving into the Magpies' faithful, warrants a yellow card, but he will not care one bit!,2

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What a strike!!! Guimaraes releases Almiron down the right, who gets around Mitchell, enters the box, and curls a tight-angled shot into the top corner!!! What a breakaway goal, and what a way for Newcastle to go 1-0 up!!!,1

Kabak takes down Tel, who turns past the defender very sharply, and receives a yellow card for his foul.,2

GOALLL!!! 2-0 CHOUPO-MOTING!! Choupo-Moting doubles the lead for Bayern with a finish at the near post! Kimmich wins the ball back for Bayern in the attacking half. Choupo-Moting plays the ball to Gnabry out wide and then sprints to the near post to get on the end of the low cross.,1

GOALLLL!!! 1-0 MUSIALA!!! Musiala breaks the deadlock for Bayern! Goretzka wins the initial header from a corner and flicks it onto Musiala, who is completely unmarked at the back post. He takes a touch before scoring past Baumann.,1

Athletic are doing whatever it takes at this point. Muniain's booked for blatantly holding back Braithwaiite as he looks to reach a pass.,2

Inaki Williams picks up a yellow card for handball after he fails to keep the ball in play and Barca get a goal-kick.,2

Athletic substitution. Nico Williams gets a deserved rest. He's tormented Barca all game with his pace. Zarraga, a more central midfielder, comes on.,0

We're almost at half-time of extra-time. Before that, Barca will immediately respond to going behind again. Braithwaite is on for Pedri.,0

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 3-2 BARCELONA! Muniain keeps his cool and slots his penalty down the middle, sending Ter Stegen the wrong way to grab his second goal of the game. Now Athletic have a third advantage to defend!,1

Alba's booked for blocking Nico Williams' cross with his hand. It was a foolish decision to make. Can Athletic regain the lead once more?,2

Frenkie de Jong picks up a yellow card for his reaction to an elbow from De Marcos as play carries on.,2

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 2-2 BARCELONA! Well, well! Pedri has saved Barca's skin! Xavi's men pile the pressure on and Alves sends a cross back into the centre with an overhead kick. Pedri arrives on the scene and blasts the ball past Agirrezabala from the edge of the box. There was nothing the keeper could do to keep it out.,1

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 2-1 BARCELONA! Muniain swings in the free-kick from the left. Berenguer beats Ter Stegen to the ball at the far post and the keeper's block rebounds to Martinez, who clumsily bundles it past Pique and over the line!,1

Here's that Athletic change. Raul Garcia, who's not played the biggest part in this game, heads off. On comes Berenguer.,0

Inaki Williams replaces the stricken Sancet. The good news for Athletic is that Sancet is able to leave the pitch unaided.,0

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 1-1 BARCELONA! What a goal by Torres! The former Manchester City man receives a pass from Busquets to the left of the box, takes a touch past his defender and finds the top right corner with ease. It's a beautiful strike, clean and true.,1

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 1-0 BARCELONA! Athletic start the game intensely and score almost straight away! Nico Williams darts onto a throughball down the right and beats Alba for pace to cross low into the box. It's beyond Raul Garcia, but their captain Muniain is there to curl a delightful shot back across goal into the far top corner.,1

GOAL!! DUNDALK PULL ANOTHER ONE BACK!! Flores whips a free-kick into the box with plenty of pace and Hoare flicks the ball past Runarsson and in with the back of his head! It's 4-2 now!,1

GOAL!!! BALOGUN SCORES OFF THE BENCH AGAIN!!! Pepe marauds through the centre and slips a perfectly-weighted ball through for Balogun, who bends an unerring finish into the bottom-right corner past Rogers. It's 4-1 to Arsenal now!,1

Cleary goes into the book for barging Smith Rowe to the floor. He protests, but it's a clear yellow card.,2

GOAL!!! WILLOCK MAKES IT 3-1!!! Balogun holds the ball up well in the box and lays it off to Willock, who evades one challenge before drilling a fierce, low effort at goal that is close to Rogers, but the keeper can't get down to it and the ball hits the back of the net!,1

Arteta makes a double-change now, with Elneny replaced by Real Madrid loanee Ceballos in midfield in the first alteration.,0

Dundalk substitute Mountney steps on the foot of Smith Rowe as he gets to the ball late and is shown a yellow card.,2

Keegan takes the opportunity to make a second change, replacing Gannon with Mountney as the Dundalk boss searches for an equaliser.,0

McMillan stayed down in the aftermath of that chance and it looks like he's pulled his hamstring. He can't continue and will be replaced by Kelly.,0

Keegan makes a half-time change, presumably due to injury, with Boyle coming off for Gartland in defence.,0

Willock can feel aggrieved to be booked as he inadvertently catches McMillan with a stray arm whilst holding off his challenge. That seemed harsh.,2

Cedric takes a heavy touch and Leahy races towards the loose ball, getting there slightly ahead of the Arsenal defender and drawing a foul that sees the Portuguese go into the book.,2

GOAL!! DUNDALK HAVE ONE BACK!!! Flores and Duffy exchange passes quickly and the former is released into the Arsenal box on the right. He thumps a powerful strike across goal that beats Runarsson, who got a touch on it, and flies into the bottom-left corner! It's 2-1 now!,1

GOAL!!! WHAT A HIT FROM ELNENY!!! Smith Rowe lays the ball back to Elneny on the left around 25 yards out and the midfielder unleashes an absolute thunderbolt that flies into the very top-right corner! That was a magnificent strike! It's 2-0 to Arsenal now!,1

GOAL!! ARSENAL TAKE THE LEAD!! Nketiah charges down a clearance from Boyle and races into the box before lifting the ball cleverly over the onrushing Rogers and over the line! It's 1-0 to Arsenal!,1

Nketiah races onto a lovely ball forward from Mari down the left and gets past Boyle, who pulls him down just outside the box and is shown a yellow card.,2

GOALLLL! DUNK SCORES! 1-1! A captain's contribution for Dunk, who has levelled for Brighton! Gross' outswinging corner is headed away by Branthwaite, but the Seagulls retain possession. The ball goes back out to Gross, who twists and turns to get away from Beto before lofting a cross into the box. Dunk meets it and powers his header across the goal and past Pickford.,1

Another yellow card for Everton. This time Onana is booked for giving away a foul just inside the Toffees' half.,2

GILMOUR IS SENT OFF! Brighton are down to 10 men after a poor challenge from Gilmour. He goes lunging into a tackle on Onana, getting a touch on the ball but crashing into the ankle of the Everton man. The Seagulls are behind and need something special if they want to get back into it.,3

Former Liverpool player Lallana is on for the final 15 minutes. He replaces Ferguson, who had just 13 touches and one shot.,0

GOALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM BRANTHWAITE! 1-0 EVERTON! The Toffees are ahead. Pickford goes long with a free-kick, with the ball dropping to Branthwaite off the head of Veltman. He takes a brilliant first touch inside the box and lashes his effort across the goal and into the top-right corner.,1

The Brighton crowd are on their feet, with Enciso coming on for his first appointment since August. He is on for Buonanotte.,0

Beto has looked sharp since coming on. He speeds past van Hecke on the left before being slid to the floor by the centre-back, who goes into the book.,2

Everton make a straight swap up front. Calvert-Lewin has gone 20 matches without scoring and is replaced by Beto. The English forward didn't even have a shot against Brighton.,0

Lamptey's time on the pitch is also over. Veltman is on at right-back, which should allow Estupinan to get forward more often down the left.,0

Welbeck has been brilliant but is now coming off. He is replaced in the attack by Fati, who will add speed and trickery on the wing.,0

Brighton make a few changes to try and turn the momentum in their favour. Estupinan comes on for Igor at left-back and will be more of a threat going forward.,0

Dyche is forced into his first change just a few minutes before half-time. He brings on Onana to replace Gueye, who comes off with an injury.,0

Welbeck shows some quick feet to trick his way past Tarkowski before getting tripped by the defender, who is shown the first yellow card.,2

A late substitution for Crystal Palace as Meyer, who was felled by Walker for that crucial penalty, is replaced by Puncheon.,0

A late yellow card for Guaita as he delays the play from a goal kick, with Palace now using every trick in the book to hold onto their 3-2 lead.,2

First change for Palace as Ayew enters the fray to take the spot of Zaha to lead the line for the final minutes of the game.,0

GOOOOOAL! 3-2! De Bruyne fires a cross into the middle and it floats over the top of Guaita's head and into the far corner of the net. It was certainly not intentional from the City substitute but they have something to cling onto. ,1

Another booking for Palace as McArthur fouls Jesus in midfield but City are still unable to create anything.,2

Van Aanholt is penalised for a strong tackle on De Bruyne and earns a yellow card, while conceding a free-kick in a very dangerous position.,2

Final roll of the dice for Manchester City as Guardiola introduces Mahrez, with Sterling making way after a rather poor display.,0

Second change of the game for Manchester City as De Bruyne takes the place of Delph, leading to another change of shape for Guardiola's side as they switch to a three-man defence.,0

GOOOOOOOOOAL! 3-1! Milivojevic makes no mistake from the spot as the Eagles captain superbly dispatches his penalty to the left of Ederson, who dived the right way but could not get a hand to the ball.,1

There is that change as Aguero takes the place of Otamendi, which will likely see Stones drop back into the defence from his current midfield role.,0

First yellow card of the game is showing to Zaha after he feels aggrieved not to have been given a free-kick after a tussle with Sterling, lunging into a tackle on Gundogan and conceding a free-kick.,2

GOOOOOOAL! 2-1 Palace! Unbelievable! Walker concedes a free-kick but the City defence deals with the initial delivery, with Bernardo Silva heading away on the edge of the box. It drops to Townsend and he fires a sensational first-time effort with his left foot that flies beyond the reach of Ederson. A ridiculously good effort that leaves Palace in dreamland.,1

GOOOOAL! 1-1! An equaliser from nowhere! Zaha leads the charge before being tackled by Laporte but the ball breaks kindly for Townsend. He passes to McArthur, who in turn feeds through Schlupp and he fires home superbly into the far corner through the legs of Walker.,1

GOOOOOAL! 1-0 City! The pressure finally pays off for the hosts! Walker switches the play to Sane, who tees a pass back for Delph to fire a superb cross into the middle. Gundogan has plenty of space to work with and nods home with ease, giving Guaita no chance.,1

Fernando is also moving gingerly, so he is replaced by Jordan, who enters the game with a yellow card already to his name.,0

Gudelj limps from the field, unable to continue. Marcao replaces him in a like-for-like switch, with Roma waiting to get the game back under way with a free-kick from the left.,0

Gudelj and Ibanez are both treated following a coming-together, as more players surround the referee. Montiel talks his way into the latest booking to be issued by Taylor.,2

Sevilla substitute Jordan has also been booked for his part in that confrontation between the benches.,2

Lamela is booked in the aftermath of that incident, with Ibanez still down and getting treatment. This will result in more time being added on at the end of the 120 minutes.,2

Roma make two further changes ahead of kick-off, with Llorente replacing Spinazzola in the first of those alterations.,0

Captain Navas, meanwhile, is replaced by Montiel. The Argentine scored the winning penalty in last year's World Cup final, and he may be required to step up from 12 yards again here...,0

Mourinho calls for fresh legs ahead of the additional half-hour. Zalewski replaces cautioned wing-back Celik.,0

Roma make another change in attack, as Abraham appears to be moving gingerly. Belotti replaces the former Chelsea striker, who has missed Roma's best chance since half-time.,0

Celik hauls Lamela down as the former Tottenham man attempts a one-two with Telles. The right wing-back is the fifth Roma player to be cautioned in a tetchy affair.,2

Dybala's goal made him the first Argentine to score in a major European final since Lionel Messi did so for Barcelona in the 2011 Champions League showpiece. He was never likely to last the full 90 minutes however, and Mourinho withdraws him in favour of Wijnaldum.,0

Rakitic is shown a yellow card for a foul on Celik. That challenge provokes another clash between both groups of players.,2

Sevilla have started this half with greater urgency. Mancini pulls substitute Suso back on halfway and deservedly receives a yellow card.,2

Mendilibar has turned to his bench at the break. Lamela scored the winner in their semi-final tie against Juventus, and he will replace Gil on the right.,0

Pellegrini is booked for a ridiculous dive, attempting to win a penalty after being teed up by Dybala in the area. The Roma man clearly initiated the contact with a defender before throwing himself to the ground, and that's good officiating from Taylor.,2

Sevilla substitute Rafa Mir is shown a yellow card for dissent as the referee makes his way over to the dugouts following the goal. It's been very lively on the sidelines early on!,2

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLL! DYBALA PUTS ROMA AHEAD! The Giallorossi strike first in the Europa League final from a lightning break! Rakitic appeals for a foul after losing possession to Matic in the centre-circle, but the referee plays on and Mancini steps in to find Dybala in space. The Argentine shifts the ball to his left foot, and tucks a finish into the bottom-right corner! 1-0!,1

Matic becomes the first player to be booked, much to Mourinho's fury. The former Chelsea and Manchester United man led with his arm in a duel with Ocampos, leaving the Sevilla winger in a heap.,2

Another Benfica break, this time from Pinho down the right, has PSG's defence at sixes and sevens. The substitute cuts inside before being felled by a woeful sliding challenge from Verratti, and the Italy midfielder is lucky to get away with just a yellow card there!,2

After his attempted pass to Mbappe is cut out, Fabian Ruiz chases Rafa as he attempts to break and shoves him over, picking up a yellow card for the foul.,2

Vitinha's buzzing presence in midfield has helped PSG regain control of this game, but he's off now for Fabian Ruiz, who will be hoping to help his side find a winner in the last few minutes.,0

Messi has been at his creative best for PSG, but comes off now for Pablo Sarabia to see out the game!,0

Compared to the first 45 minutes, Goncalo Ramos has been starved of service in the second half, and comes off now for Julian Draxler, who is on loan at Benfica from PSG themselves!,0

Goncalo Ramos catches Marquinhos in the face as the two contest Vlachodimos' goal-kick, and the Benfica striker is given a yellow card by the referee.,2

Off comes Mendes in the first substitution of the game, and Juan Bernat will take his place at left-wing-back for the Parisians.,0

A loose touch from Fernandez sees him fly into a 50-50 challenge with Verratti, who comes off worse despite winning the ball, and the Benfica midfielder is booked!,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! What a finish!!! The PSG big three combine once again, as Messi lays off Mbappe, who finds Neymar, and he tees up Messi to curl a beauty of a shot into the top corner! In their first real chance of a game dominated by the home side, the visitors lead 1-0!,1

Into the second of three added minutes and Lyon make their final change. Cornet, who has put in a sensational display at both ends tonight, is replaced by Traore.,0

Aguero is booked for dissent here, but it's not entirely clear what he would have to argue with the referee about.,2

A second change in the span of a few minutes for the visitors as Fekir, who will be hoping his goal stands as the winner, is replaced by Tousart, a defensive midfielder.,0

Fekir tugs back on the shirt of Delph to halt the left-back's run, and is issued a yellow card as a result.,2

Arteta, in charge tonight with Guardiola watching from the stands, is clearly mesmerised by what Sane has provided off the bench and thus elects to bring on yet another winger in Mahrez. Sterling is replaced.,0

CITY PULL ONE BACK! 2-1! Bernardo Silva hands the hosts a lifeline with a cool finish from 10 yards, but that was all in the set-up from Sane who skipped deliciously beyond two defenders before picking out the perfect pull-back for his team-mate!,1

A hero's reception for Aguero as he's introduced for the final 25 minutes, with Jesus replaced. The Brazilian striker has been far from his best tonight.,0

A first change of the night for City sees them bring Sane on for an added threat in attack, with Gundogan the one replaced.,0

THE SHOCK IS REALLY ON NOW! 2-0 LYON! An absolutely sublime individual effort from Fekir! The forward bursts forward, fending off two defenders as he gets just enough of a site of goal and takes it brilliantly, driving a sensational strike back across goal and into the bottom corner! Ederson had no chance!,1

WELL THAT WASN'T IN THE SCRIPT! 1-0 LYON! Guardiola looks on from the stands as shockwaves are sent through the Etihad! Fekir's cross should have been cleared at the far post, but Delph gets all tangled and fails to touch it away from danger, allowing Cornet to latch onto the end of it and drive a terrific finish back across goal and into the bottom corner!,1

Carvalho is the final player to come off for Betis after struggling with an injury in the last few minutes and Sidnei comes on to replace him. ,0

JESE DOUBLES BETIS' LEAD! Lo Celso was keeping the ball on the edge of the box and was drawing the Madrid defenders towards him. He picks out Firpo who crosses it into an unmarked Jese in the middle of the box and he fires his effort high into the roof of the net. 2-0 Betis!,1

First change of the game for Betis now as Kaptoum goes off after that earlier injury and is replaced by Jese. ,0

MORON PUTS BETIS AHEAD! Guardado had quite a lot of space down the left wing and he got his head up and saw Moron's run to the far post. The forward took the shot first time and fired his effort into the roof of the net. 1-0 Betis!,1

Carvajal is shown a yellow card after clumsily bringing down Firpo. Some of the Betis players are asking for a red card instead as they think he was the last man, but it looked like Varane would get back on the cover. ,2

Martial looks to have injured himself after striking that earlier effort at Pope. As a result, he makes way for Tuanzebe. ,0

The Clarets respond with a substitution of their own, with Vydra replacing Wood for the closing stages. There are ten minutes of normal time left to play. ,0

GOAL! Pogba breaks the deadlock! After starting the move, the Frenchman drives towards the edge of the box to meet Rashford’s cross from the right. On the volley, Pogba lashes the ball goalwards, it deflects off Lowton, and flies beyond Pope. 1-0. ,1

The home side make their first substitution of the match, as Brady makes way for McNeil. It remains 0-0. ,0

Fernandes gets into a pocket of space after turning away from the Burnley midfield before being cynically brought down from behind by Westwood. He can have complaints after picking up a yellow card. ,2

After consulting VAR, Burnley are awarded a free-kick just outside the United box and Shaw is shown a yellow card. Brady's initial booking has also been rescinded.,2

GOALLLLLLLLL!!! KROOS SCORES A SUBLIME CHIP!! MADRID 5-0!! The Spanish side pile on the agony with their fifth goal of the evening. Vinicius leads the counter for the visitors before sliding an offload to Kroos in the left inside channel. The German spots Hruska off his line and he lifts the ball over the keeper into the net. A super finish from Kroos.,1

Horava replaces Cermak for the hosts, who had been Plzen's most active player in the middle of the park.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BALE GETS IN ON THE ACT!!! 4-0 MADRID!!! This is getting embarrassing for Plzen as the visitors notch their fourth goal. Bale converts from Ceballos' cross from the left flank, with Benzema getting a slight touch to direct the ball into the Welshman's path. Unmarked at the back post, Bale swings a leg on the half-volley to find the bottom corner with deadly precision.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! BENZEMA HAS HIS SECOND!!! MADRID 3-0!!! The Spanish side take complete control of the game before the break. Benzema scores a simple header from close range, guiding his effort beyond Hruska. Plzen switched off at the back from the Madrid corner and Vazquez was allowed to lift a cross to the back post. Bale won the first header to direct the ball towards Benzema, who finished the opening with ease.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! CASEMIRO HEADS HOME!!! 2-0 MADRID!! Solari punches the air in delight as his side double their advantage. Kroos swings a corner in from the left flank and Casemiro is presented with a free header on the penalty spot. The Brazilian directs his header towards the bottom corner and he finds the net beating the hand of Hruska.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!!! BENZEMA OPENS THE SCORING!!! 1-0 MADRID!! The Spanish side break the deadlock with a sublime goal from the Frenchman. He latches on to a pass from Kroos down the left to break into the box. The forward beats two Plzen defenders with a neat piece of skill before slotting his effort past Hruska displaying total composure.,1

DE CORDOVA-REID SCORES! Fulham have a late consolation! Kebano has a lot of space down the left, and he clips a cross into the far post to pick out De Cordova-Reid, who nods it past Pope from close range. 4-1!,1

Newcastle's final changes are all being made now. Burn is the first to go off, with Targett on for him.,0

Newcastle are making their first change following their latest goal. Guimaraes goes off, with Anderson on to replace him.,0

ALMIRON SCORES! It comes down Newcastle's left again, with Murphy picking out Willock's run ahead of him. He plays a dangerous low cross into the six-yard box and Almiron is waiting at the far post to poke it over the line. 4-0 Newcastle!,1

Reed has his pocket picked by Willock, and he tries to make up for it. He drags Wilson back by the arm, and he can have no arguments with the yellow card.,2

Fulham are also going to use this window to make another change. Mbabu is also taken off, with Cairney on to replace him.,0

LONGSTAFF SCORES! Fulham are all over the place defensively on a corner again, and Newcastle make them pay. Botman has a free header at the back and Leno gets fingertips to it to tip it onto the post. Longstaff reacts quickest and fires it past Leno before he can react. 3-0 Newcastle!,1

Mitrovic does make his way straight off the field after his treatment, and Vinicius is on to replace him.,0

WHAT A GOAL! Newcastle's patient play pays off and it's Guimaraes that clips the ball over the top to pick out Almiron's run. He watches it drop over his shoulder and swings a leg at it, volleying his shot over Leno and into the far bottom corner. 2-0 Newcastle!,1

WILSON SCORES! It's another great delivery from Trippier on the right side as he curls it into the far post. It's too high for Almiron, but Willock nods it back across goal. He was trying to score himself, but it needed the touch from Wilson at the far post to help it over the line. 1-0 Newcastle!,1

CHALOBAH IS OFF! VAR had a long look at the replays before the referee went over himself. He took his time looking at the replays before coming to his decision, and the original yellow card is overturned, and Fulham are down to 10 men just eight minutes in!,3

LEWANDOWSKI HATTRICK! 4-0! Lewandowski gets his third - and Bayern's fourth - as Castro takes a heavy touch to intercept Sane's pass, allowing the striker to pounce on the loose ball and lash it low into the bottom corner from 18 yards!,1

Boateng is shown a yellow card after tripping Kalajdzic to prevent him from latching onto Endo's throughball.,2

Wamangituka is replaced by Klimowicz as Stuttgart make an early change to try and arrest Bayern's momentum.    ,0

LEWANDOWSKI! 3-0! Bayern are rampant! Muller races down the right flank before swinging in a cross towards Lewandowksi, who gets in between the centre-backs to steer a header into the top right corner beyond a motionless Kobel!,1

GNABRY! 2-0! A sensational team move from Bayern! The hosts sweep into the box with a series of one-touch passes, as Muller and Sane play a one-two, before Sane cuts it back for Gnabry to curl in from eight yards!,1

LEWANDOWSKI! 1-0 BAYERN! The hosts take the lead immediately after having a man sent off! Gnabry wriggles down the left flank before drilling in a low cross that's thundered into the roof of the net from close range by Lewandowski!,1

Davies is sent off! The defender caught Endo with a high, studs-up challenge on his calf and although the referee initially gave a yellow, VAR analyses the foul and decides to award a red card!,3

Gordon is replaced by El Ghazi after a lively display on the left flank. The home fans give him a rousing send-off.,0

And Richarlison wraps it up! 3-0. Allan drives through the heart of the pitch before feeding Richarlison on the edge of the box. The attacker works space for a shot, before curling a low, 20-yard effort into the bottom corner and beyond Meslier!,1

And Keane doubles Everton's lead! 2-0. Gordon puts in an outswinging corner and Keane rises above Struijk at the back post to steer a powerful header beyond Meslier!,1

GOALL! COLEMAN! 1-0. Everton take the lead! The hosts work an intricate move that ends with Gordon firing in a dangerous low cross that Llorente pokes up into the air and away from Calvert-Lewin. Coleman and Klich compete for the loose ball, but Coleman bravely gets there first to head in on the line!,1

Bernardeschi is the latest player to receive a yellow card after he catches Laurini with a late challenge. ,2

D'Aversa makes his second change of the game now as Brugman comes off the field and is replaced by Grassi. ,0

Juventus' first change of the game sees Khedira come off the field to be replaced by Rabiot, who comes on for his competitive debut. ,0

D'Aversa makes the first change of the game and it's Kulusevski that makes way as Siligardi comes onto the field. ,0

CHIELLINI PUTS JUVENTUS AHEAD! A Juventus corner is cleared to Alex Sandro who scuffs his long-range effort from the edge of the box. It's going off target, but Chiellini is waiting in the middle and gets enough contact on the ball to put it into the back of the empty net. 1-0 Juventus!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! ATALANTA HAVE FIVE!!! Milan's humiliation is complete as Muriel capitalises on confusion between Musacchio and Donnarumma to slot home into an empty net. A long ball over the top releases the forward behind the Milan defence. Donnarumma comes then stops, but then realises he has to go again as Musacchio is outpaced. The defender halts, allowing Muriel to gather the ball and knock it past the keeper. He finishes with ease, sliding his effort into the net.,1

Frustration gets the better of Kessie as he tripes Malinovskiy off the ball, preventing him from making a forward run. The Ivorian goes into the book.,2

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!! ILICIC SCORES A BEAUTY!!!! 4-0!!! Ilicic notches his second of the game with a super strike from distance. He has been threatening to score from distance in the contest and this time he buries his effort. Donnarumma can do nothing with this strike. The forward collects a short pass from Gomez on the edge of the box on the right flank. He takes a touch inside on his left boot before curling a strike into the top-left corner.,1

Romagnoli is turned with ease by Ilicic and the defender has to pull him back to stop the forward racing clear. The referee has no choice, but to book the Milan captain.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! ILICIC MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-0!!!! Atalanta take complete control of the game as Ilicic finishes in style. Pasalic plays him in acres of space down the right flank. The forward takes a poor first touch, but recovers to fend off a desperate challenge from Calabria. Ilicic then picks his spot from the right inside channel, drilling his effort across Donnarumma into the left corner. A super finish.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! PASALIC TURNS THE BALL HOME!!! 2-0!!! Atalanta double their lead as Pasalic sticks out a leg and turns Gosens' drive past Donnarumma. Gomez starts the move with a cross-field pass to Gosens in space. He runs at Conti cutting inside on his right foot before firing at goal. It travels through a crowd of players and Pasalic is the one to take action, diverting the strike into the bottom-right corner.,1

De Roon pulls the shirt of Bennacer on the charge through the middle of the park and goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! GOMEZ BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!! 1-0!!!! Atlanta take the lead courtesy of a fine individual effort from Gomez. He picks up the ball on the left flank and surges at Conti, easing past the full-back on the wing. Gomez takes on the strike from an awkward angle and drills his effort into the top-right corner away from Donnarumma. A super effort from the Argentine.,1

It looks like Pulisic is struggling with an injury so he's brought off and is replaced by Loftus-Cheek.,0

BARKLEY SCORES! Nobody is picking up Barkley on the edge of the box and he makes a run through the middle to get on the end of Willian's cross. He beats Evans to the ball and sends his shot under Schmeichel and into the back of the net. 1-0 Chelsea! ,1

Lampard is making a triple change at the start of the second half. James is the first to make way with Azpilicueta replacing him.,0

Pulisic swerves away from Soyuncu and the defender sticks out a leg to try and get the ball. He ends up bringing down the American and gets the first yellow card of the game.,2

Gomes clatters into Benson and it is an easy decision. Yellow card, there was no intent to get the ball there really.,2

Foster has had a quiet evening and is replaced by Benson, who has had bright moments throughout his Burnley career. One more here would be much appreciated by all involved with Burnley.,0

The attacking intent of Wolves has slightly been affected as Sarabia makes way for the more defensive Traore.,0

Chiwome has been bright but his game has ended with the introduction, and return, of Cunha. He has been out for a while, but can he make an instant impact.,0

Burnley's goalscorer has come off for Rodriguez. Bruun Larsen has been bright and had some chances but couldn't show a similar precision to his shooting that he did with the opener.,0

Bueno comes off for Bueno. Hugo B has made way for Santiago B with the sub slotting into a central defender position.,0

GOAAAL! AIT-NOURI LEVELS IT! He has been so dangerous this half, and he just arrives in the box to cushion a header past Muric. It was such an easy header for the Algerian, and he now has three goals in four games. He has been so important for Wolves recently and he continues to be so as he makes it 1-1.,1

GOAAAL! BURNLEY LEAD 1-0! It started with the goalkeeper and it ended with Bruun Larsen stoking a fantastic volley into the bottom corner. Sa could do nothing about that and Burnley deserve it!,1

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! WOLFSBURG PULL ONE BACK!! 4-2! More goals rain down on the Volkswagen Arena and Wolfsburg have their second. A ball into the box is taken down well by Lukas Nmecha. The forward loses control but Svanberg is there to lash home the ball into the roof of the net.,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! BAYERN HAVE ANOTHER! 4-1! Bayern had taken the sting out of the game well after going to ten men and now they have another goal and it's a magical finish from Musiala. The German picks up the ball on the left flank and dances past three or four Wolfsburg defenders before striking past Casteels at the near post. A crucial goal for Bayern.,1

RED CARD!! How big could that be? Kimmich picked up a silly yellow card in the first half for a shove and he now gets his second after he brings down Arnold as he looks to drive forward with the ball. Bayern are down to ten and Wolfsburg may have a way back into this game.,3

Another yellow card for Bayern and both of their central midfielders are now booked after Goretzka's poor challenge on Svanberg.,2

GOOOOAAAAL!!! WOLFSBURG PULL ONE BACK!! 3-1!! Do we have a remarkable comeback on our hands? Kovac's change has worked and the substitute Kaminski has the goal. The winger comes inside from the left and plays a nice one-two with Otavio before curling an effort around Sommer and inside the far post.,1

Otavio is the first Wolfsburg player to receive a yellow card after a poorly-timed challenge from behind on Cancelo.,2

Kimmich goes into the book after he shoves Svanberg to the floor following a challenge between the pair.,2

Kovac has seen enough and makes a change. Centre-back Lacroix comes off with forward Kaminksi replacing him.,0

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! MULLER ADDS ANOTHER!! 3-0!! A rampant start from Bayern and they have three goals inside twenty minutes. Kimmich delivers a cross from the left-hand side and Muller rises with ease and nods home with Casteels beaten easily.,1

GOOOOALLLL!!! BAYERN DOUBLE THEIR LEAD!! 2-0! Coman with his second and Wolfsburg will rue that missed chance. Cancelo, making his first league start, gets an early assist with a fine cross to pick out Coman who times a volley expertly, bending it around Baku and into the far-left corner once again.,1

GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! BAYERN TAKE AN EARLY LEAD!! 1-0!! The ideal start for Bayern and Coman has the goal. The winger picks up the ball on the right-hand side and whips a ball into the box aiming for Muller. It misses the German striker but Casteels is unable to get across to stop it from nestling in the far post.,1

Christensen tries to bring the ball forward but is tripped by Rodrigo. Referee Kevin Friend is having none of it and reaches into his pocket.,2

Ziyech, who has not offered a great deal today, makes way for Werner as Tuchel makes a double change.,0

Harrison makes way for Costa in Leeds' second substitution of the match - and the first that has not been enforced on Bielsa following Bamford's earlier withdrawal.,0

RASHFORD!!! WHAT A GOAL! 1-0 on the day, 5-1 on aggregate! Rashford makes up for that earlier miss in some style. Receiving the ball from Casemiro, he unleashes a fierce 25-yard drive that flashes into the bottom corner. That should kill off the tie.,1

Following a collision with Gonzalez, Pellestri receives the first yellow card of the contest. Although, the United winger can consider himself extremely unfortunate.,2

GOAL! LIVERPOOL 2-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Walker-Peters is pressured into a mistake near the touchline and Liverpool pounce with Firmino finding Thiago. Thiago bears down on goal and steers a shot into the bottom right corner. It's a measured goal by a measured player.,1

Salah gets the last few minutes of this match off after creating Mane's goal. Oxlade-Chamberlain will look to shore up Liverpool late on here.,0

Jota has also had his last kick of the game. Firmino comes on. Liverpool now have all the members of their famous front three.,0

Redmond goes in the referee's book for using his strength a little too recklessly with Fabinho there.,2

GOAL! LIVERPOOL 1-0 SOUTHAMPTON! Mane nods low into the bottom left corner after a peach of a cross from Salah from the right. Liverpool have rode their luck in the opening half hour but will feel they deserve the lead.,1

Red card! Chiesa is sent off on his Juventus debut! He looks absolutely gutted, and you can see why. He went to play a loose ball but ended up putting his studs into the sliding Cigarini, who looks to be in a lot of pain. It doesn't look like it was on purpose, but a red is probably the right call.,3

Portanova is booked for a lunging foul on Messias, and he looks genuinely devastated at the decision. Chin up.,2

GOAL! 1-1, Morata pulls Juventus level! Kulusevski plays Chiesa in down the right, and he finds the forward with an inch-perfect low ball across the face of goal. Morata makes no mistake, sliding to steer it into the roof of the net.,1

Cigarini is booked for a foul in midfield, and Juve have a free-kick in a decent deep position for a cross.,2

GOAL! Crotone lead 1-0, Simy sticks the penalty away! He calmly puts it into the bottom-right corner as Buffon goes the other way.,1

VINICIUS!!! 3-1! And surely, that's game over! Carvajal and Bellingham combine to set up Vinicius, who takes a touch before neatly lifting a shot beyond Maximiano and into the top corner.,1

BELLINGHAM!!! 2-1 MADRID! It's that man again! Madrid complete the turnaround as Bellingham arrives late from midfield to beat Maximiano to Kroos' cross, and heads home his second goal of the game.,1

BELLINGHAM!!! 1-1! Madrid equalise and it had been coming! Carvajal's cross is headed towards goal by Valverde and drops kindly for Bellingham, who controls before slotting home the equaliser.,1

ARRIBAS!!! 1-0 ALMERIA! What a counter by the hosts! After dealing with Kroos' delivery into the box, Almeria go straight down the other end with Robertone leading the charge. He crosses for Arribas, who powerfully heads past Lunin.,1

IT'S A WONDERFUL GOAL! It's come out of nowhere for Valencia as Wass tries to whip a cross back into the box, and he gets lucky as it ends up in the back of the net instead. Kepa is well beaten as the ball sails over him, off the far post and over the line. 2-2!,1

Kante has made a couple of fouls and the referee clearly thinks that's one too many as he shows his a yellow card.,2

First change of the game for Valencia now and it's Gameiro that's coming on to replace Costa due to an injury.,0

Garay is shown a yellow card for dissent after he went over to the referee to protest the fact that the goal was given.,2

GOAL!! Pulisic latches onto Zouma's knockdown to slot the ball through Cillessen's legs and into the back of the net. It looks close for offside and VAR conduct a lengthy check but the goal is GIVEN!! 2-1 Chelsea! The replays show that Garay was just playing the goalscorer onside. It was very close but Chelsea lead.,1

IT'S LEVEL! Valencia didn't even have their lead for two minutes as Chelsea went straight on the attack from the restart. The home side don't clear their lines and Garay nods it straight to Kovacic, who turns before drilling his shot low into the bottom left corner from outside the box. 1-1! ,1

VALENCIA LEAD! The cross into the box from Rodrigo drops perfectly into the middle and Soler makes a great run through the penalty area without being picked up and volleys his effort past Kepa, who does get a hand to it, and over the line. 1-0 Valencia!,1

Kovacic lays the ball off quickly to Pulisic and is blocked off deliberately by Wass, who is shown a yellow card for his challenge. ,2

Keita makes a sloppy challenge to give away a set piece on the edge of the box. That is a typical striker's challenge at the worst possible time.,2

GOAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!! Inter 1-0 Milan - Icardi is the hero as he scores with a minute to go. The Inter fans inside the stadium go wild as the striker heads into an empty net. He stayed in between Musacchio and Romagnoli before Donnarumma tried to catch the cross but Icardi is on hand to tap home. Incredible scenes in Milan.,1

Calabria becomes the third Milan player to enter the book after he chopped down Vecino as Inter tried to break from the set-piece.,2

The referee claims Biglia's challenge was aggressive and he hands him the first yellow card of the match. He complains as both he and Nainggolan limp back onto the pitch.,2

Meanwhile Cook, who assisted Solanke's opener, also makes way. Rothwell replaces him for the final two minutes.,0

Bournemouth make two more changes. The first of these sees Tavernier, who grabbed two assists, given a well-earned rest as he makes way for Ouattara.,0

Ten Hag responds by making a triple-substitution. The first of these sees Pellestri introduced to replace Antony.,0

SENESI!!! 3-0! BOURNEMOUTH ARE IN DREAMLAND! Tavernier is the provider once again as his inswinging corner is met by Senesi, who firmly plants his header into the bottom right corner.,1

The visitors make a change and Kluivert is given a breather by Iraola. He is replaced for the final 18 minutes by Sinisterra.,0

BILLING!!! 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH! A devastating counter by the visitors! Solanke leads the charge for the Cherries before feeding the ball out to Tavernier. The latter sends in a deep cross and Billing arrives at the far post to nod past Onana.,1

After he is dragged down by Zabarnyi, Hojlund waves an imaginary yellow card in the direction of the referee. However, he is subsequently shown one himself for his troubles. Be careful what you wish for!,2

Bournemouth also turn to the bench with a tactical change. Winger Semenyo is replaced by Billing, who comes on in the middle of the park.,0

United make their first change. Martial registered just 35 touches - the lowest of any outfield player for the hosts - and makes way to be replaced by Hojlund.,0

After he is brought down by Kluivert, Reguilon appears to take his protest about the challenge too far as he is shown a yellow card.,2

Tavernier is deemed to have delayed taking a Bournemouth corner and is subsequently booked for time-wasting.,2

SOLANKE!!! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Old Trafford is stunned as the visitors take the lead! United are sloppy in trying to play out from the back again. Cook intercepts and demonstrates a brilliant turn of pace to burst away from Amrabat. The midfielder sends a dangerous cross into the six-yard box, where Solanke arrives to steer past Onana.,1

United make their first change of the evening, but there's no debut for Ighalo just yet. Pereira is the man introduced, with James making way.,0

Batshuayi is the man replaced by Giroud in a straight swap up front. The Belgian missed some big chances in the first half, but had barely been a factor in the second.,0

GOOAALLL! United double their lead, Maguire comes in with a crashing header! The pressure tells as Fernandes delivers an excellent corner from the left towards the penalty spot, and the centre-half comes flying in to power the ball into the bottom-right corner.,1

Chelsea make a change at the break. Zouma comes on for Christensen, who finished the first half with a bloody nose.,0

GOOOAALLL! Manchester United lead out of nowhere, it's Martial! Fred found Wan-Bissaka on the right, and he turned Willian inside out before firing in a superb right-footed cross. Martial then did brilliantly to get above Christensen and flick a header just inside the far post.,1

Drama! Willian goes down in the area from the resulting corner, but is booked for diving. He went over an outstretched foot from Fernandes, but there didn't look to be much contact on first viewing.,2

Third and final change for City as Sterling, clearly unhappy about being taken off, is replaced by Mahrez.,0

Time for Fulham to make their first change as Seri, who was guilty of the mistake for City's opener, is replaced by Zambo Anguissa.,0

Cruising towards a win and with a Champions League tie on the horizon, Guardiola brings Aguero off to introduce Jesus.,0

GOAL! 3-0 Manchester City! The hosts begin the second period just as they started the first. Aguero takes the ball down finely in a wide position, pushes into the box and drills a low pass across the face of goal that hands Sterling a tap-in.,1

GOAL! 2-0 Manchester City! It has been coming and the hosts double their advantage. Bernardo Silva cuts it back into the middle of the box where Aguero's shot is blocked but bounces up kindly for David Silva, who smashes in off the bar from close range.,1

GOAL! 1-0 Manchester City! Fernandino picks up a poor pass from Seri and charges forward, cutting a ball across the face of goal that Sane taps home easily.,1

Aubameyang is booked late on, after he brings Grealish down as the Villa man tried to break forward on the counter.,2

Leno is booked for timewasting whilst taking a free-kick. The Gunners are just running down the clock now.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal lead 3-2! Terrific strike by Aubameyang, he steps up to take the free-kick, gets it up and over the Villa wall and into the bottom right-hand corner of the net. Heaton didn't move! What a turnaround!,1

Arsenal have a free-kick in a very good position, after Engels brings Aubameyang down around 25 yards out.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal are back level, it's 2-2! Chambers with a smart finish from close range to the level the scoreline. Guendouzi with a good cross into the box, it's half cleared by Villa, but there are just too many bodies in the box and Chambers gets to the ball first, poking it into the top corner of the net.,1

Villa make their first substitution, with Trezeguet coming off and he has been replaced by El Mohamady.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Villa are back in the lead, it's 2-1! Wesley with the finish to send the visitors ahead, just 90 seconds after Arsenal equalised. Grealish with a superb run into the Arsenal final third, he then picks out Wesley at the near post with a superb cross, who shows great composure to just get to the ball ahead of Leno and put the ball into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal are back in the game, it's 1-1! Pepe converts from the penalty spot, scoring his first Arsenal goal. The winger drills the ball into the middle of the goal, with Heaton diving to his left. Game on.,1

Arsenal have made a substitution ahead of the second half, with Saka making way for Chambers, who will come on at right-back.,0

Guendouzi is the latest Arsenal player to be booked after his protests to the officials after Wesley's challenge.,2

SENDING OFF! Maitland-Niles is shown a second yellow card and is given his marching orders by the referee. The right-back has to be helped off the pitch by the physio, after his challenge on Taylor. Arsenal are down to 10 men.,3

Xhaka is the second Arsenal player to be booked, after he drags Grealish down as the midfielder broke forward. The Gunners skipper didn't really need to make that challenge as he had team-mates near him. A cheap yellow card to pick up.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Villa lead 1-0! McGinn drifts into the Arsenal box totally unmarked and glances El Ghazi's cross into the bottom corner. A deft touch from the midfielder, with no Arsenal players anywhere near him.,1

Maitland-Niles is shown the first yellow card of the game, after he trips El Ghazi as he approaches the edge of the penalty area.,2

Patricio has now been placed safely onto the stretcher, and the medical staff are carefully taking the goalkeeper off the field. Ruddy, who could well be in for an extended run in the side, is coming on.,0

Nuno also has his last throw of the dice. Gibbs-White has come on for Semedo, who could easily have scored – and won a penalty – early on.,0

A final switch for the visitors and it is Jota – the matchwinner as it stands – who goes off. He is replaced by Oxlade-Chamberlain.,0

A second change for Wolves. Neves is off, with Dendoncker, who offers more of an aerial threat, coming on.,0

The second change sees Thiago, who looked bemused, make way for Keita. The former Bayern Munich man had been booked, of course.,0

GOOOOOAAAAALLL!! JOTA IS BACK TO HAUNT WOLVES! Right on the stroke of half-time, it’s Liverpool who hit the front. It’s former Wolves forward Jota who gets it, but his effort really should have been kept out by Patricio, who palmed the shot into the bottom-left corner. It’s 1-0 to Liverpool.,1

Another bit of unconvincing goalkeeping from Alisson, who elected not to catch a loose ball but rather punch it. Liverpool have to scrap it clear before Wolves get it back, and Thiago finally receives a booking which had been coming after he tripped Thiago.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! VAR AWARDS MAHREZ'S STRIKE!!!!!! 4-1 CITY!!!!!! Mahrez puts the icing on the cake for City as he is played onside by the boot of Telles. Gundogan threads a pass through for the run of the winger, and he surges behind the United defence before smashing a left-footed past De Gea into the top-right corner.,1

De Bruyne is withdrawn after a brilliant performance, notching two goals and an assist. Gundogan replaces the Belgian.,0

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!! MAHREZ GUIDES A FIERCE STRIKE INTO THE NET!!!!!!!!! 3-1 CITY!!!!!! The home side take complete control of the game through a sublime effort from Mahrez. De Bruyne lifts a corner beyond the far post from the left and Mahrez runs on to the delivery and times his strike nicely, helped by a slight nick off Maguire, to beat De Gea.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DE BRUYNE RESTORES CITY'S LEAD!!!!!!! 2-1!!!!!!!! The Belgian smashes a strike from close range on the rebound following a scramble in and around the United six-yard box. Foden starts the move with a brilliant touch and turn past Lindelof. He sees his effort saved by De Gea, while Maguire denies Silva on the rebound. After Telles fails to clear the danger, De Bruyne gathers the loose ball and plants his attempt into the left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SANCHO CURLS HOME AN EQUALISER!!!!!!! 1-1!!!! United are back in the game as former City man Sancho bends a strike past Ederson with the aid of the post. The visitors break on the counter as Pogba feeds the run of Sancho in City's half. He uses the run of Fernandes to his left to create space on the inside and curls his attempt into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!! DE BRUYNE FIRES CITY AHEAD!!! 1-0!!!!!!!! The Belgian is on the spot in the United box to drill a low strike past De Gea. City build down the left flank as Grealish feeds Silva on the left flank. The Portuguese finds half a yard and places a low ball into the middle for De Bruyne to attack on his left foot and bury into the bottom-left corner.,1

It's all kicking off as the referee blows the full-time whistle, with the substituted Holer shoving Kimmich in the chest. That sparks a mass melee in the centre of the pitch, which is soon ended as the referee shows Holer a yellow card!,2

Kimmich is also booked for his involvement in the exchange, with the referee showing quick-thinking and calmness there to prevent things from escalating further!,2

Kubler flies into Mane at some speed, with the wild challenge from the Freiburg right-back warranting a much-deserved yellow card.,2

More late changes coming for Bayern, with Sane coming off for Noussair Mazraoui to help shore up the defence in the final moments of this game.,0

Cancelo also comes off, with Josip Stanisic a direct replacement for the on-loan Manchester City right-back.,0

Doan has been lively throughout for the hosts, but the Japanese international comes off now for Noah Weisshaupt to see out the game.,0

Freiburg make late changes looking to save the game, with their midweek hero Holer replaced by Woo-Yeong Jeong.,0

Mane's not happy with something, and nor is the referee with him, as he shows the Senegalese forward a yellow card for dissent.,2

Bayern make their first change of the match, as Musiala comes off for Leon Goretzka in the centre of the park.,0

Freiburg make their first second-half changes, and Grifo's 200th Bundesliga appearance comes to an end with the introduction of Roland Sallai in his place.,0

GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! A thunderous opening strike!!! Bayern look to play through, then around Freiburg, but with nothing coming off, Musiala finds De Ligt in support. He looks up, and from 25 yards smashes a belter of a shot goalwards, and the ball takes a slight nick off Hofler to leave Flekken rooted to the spot as it flies into the top corner! A sumptuous hit from the Dutchman, and Bayern take the lead early in the second period!,1

Gulde's gone down injured and won't be able to continue, forcing the early introduction of Philipp Lienhart, who replaces the Freiburg centre-back.,0

GOALLL!!! 4-1 EMPOLI!! PICCOLI!! This time Piccoli does score as he puts the game to bed once and for all! Empoli work a short corner and the striker ends up with the ball in the box. He takes a touch before wrong-footing Szczesny and finishing inside the near post. Game over!,1

Stojanovic replaces Akpa Akpro as Empoli do not want to concede another goal and cause a nervous ending.,0

GOALL!!! JUVENTUS!!! CHIESA!! The visitors pull a goal back through Chiesa! The ball goes through to him on the far side of the box following a short corner, and he volleys it through the legs of Vicario. It is now 3-1 to Empoli.,1

Zanetti brings on Haas for Bandinelli as he does not want the latter to be sent off after receiving a yellow card.,0

GOALL!!! 3-0 EMPOLI!!! CAPUTO!! The hosts get off to the perfect start in the second half as Caputo gets his second of the game! Akpa Akpro wins possession in a brilliant position and drives into the box. He squares the ball to his striker, who chips Szczesny with ease to make it 3-0.,1

GOALLL!!! 2-0 EMPOLI!! LUPERTO!! Incredible scenes at Stadio Carlo Castellani as Luperto doubles the lead for the home side! Juventus fail to clear their lines on three occasions from a corner, allowing the defender to blast the ball into the roof of the net from close range.,1

GOALLL!!! 1-0 EMPOLI!! CAPUTO!! Juventus have a tough task ahead now as Caputo fires the hosts into the lead from the penalty spot! Szczesny dives the right way, but the striker shoots low and hard into the bottom-left corner.,1

Dumfries is withdrawn down the right flank and is replaced by De Vrij. Darmian will kick out to wing-back.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! THURAM BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!!!! 1-0 INTER!!!!!! Inter finally get their goal as Thuram is alert in the six-yard box to poke his effort past Patricio. Dimarco collects a pinpoint long ball from Asllani down the left flank and he sends a perfect low cross into the middle. Thuram makes the run and for once there is no Roma defender in sight to prevent him finding the net.,1

El Shaarawy turns away from Bastoni and draws a foul on the edge of the Inter box. The Italy international is booked for the challenge.,2

Pavard goes for an overhead kick to attack a cross from Dumfries, but he catches Bove with his boot. The France international is booked.,2

Mancini talks himself into a yellow card after appealing for a free-kick as Thuram bustled past Ndicka.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! NKETIAH RESTORES ARSENAL'S LEAD!!!!!!! 3-2!!!!!!!!! Arsenal regain the lead at the death as Nketiah steers home Odegaard's strike at the back post. Zinchenko bursts down the left flank and sends a cutback to Odegaard. The Arsenal skipper scuffs his effort towards the target, but Nketiah is alert at the back post to guide the ball past De Gea. Could that be a game winner for the Gunners?,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MARTINEZ LEVELS THE SCORES!!!! 2-2!!!!! Martinez finds the back of the net with a header following a Ramsdale error to find the equaliser for United. Ramsdale flaps at Eriksen's corner and pushes the ball straight to Martinez, who stoops and guides his header from six yards over Saliba on the line. What a game!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SAKA FIRES ARSENAL AHEAD!!!!!!! 2-1!!!!!!!!!! The forward produces a moment of magic with a brilliant left-footed strike from 25 yards. Saka cuts inside with menace from the right flank and bends a perfect effort on his left foot away from De Gea into the bottom-left corner. Utter precision from the England man.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! NKETIAH RESPONDS!!!!!! 1-1!!!!! The Gunners level the scores as Nketiah nods home Xhaka's cross at the back post. Xhaka is played into space down the left flank and he delivers a brilliant cross into the middle. Nketiah gambles and gets goal side of Wan-Bissaka before he guides his header into the net. A super team goal.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!! RASHFORD FIRES UNITED AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Rashford continues his outstanding form with a brilliant strike from distance to find the bottom-left corner. Partey loses the ball in the middle of the park and Fernandes releases Rashford into the final third. He coasts past Partey and unleashes a perfect strike from 25 yards that zooms past Ramsdale into the net.,1

The board goes up to show that there will be three added minutes as Villa make their third change. Bailey doesn't have long to make an impact as he replaces Diaby.,0

Villa's first change is a double one. Tielemans is the first to go off, with Zaniolo on in his place.,0

This time, it's a double change for Chelsea as Pochettino brings on a bit more firepower up front. Madueke is the first to go off, with Mudryk on for him.,0

Chelsea are making the first change of the game. Gilchrist, who was brought in as a late replacement for the injured Colwill, goes off to a warm reception as Chilwell replaces him.,0

Tielemans is late with a challenge on Caicedo, catching him on the ankle. He picks up an early yellow card in the second half.,2

Silva slides in with a late challenge on McGinn after the Villa captain knocked the ball away. The Brazilian picks up the first yellow card of the game.,2

A foul from Russo on Jutgla sparks a bit of an outburst from Valjent, who is also shown a yellow card. ,2

Dani Rodriguez is booked for pushing over Sanz - which has sparked a bit of a melee between Mallorca and Barcelona players. ,2

Lenglet is the Barcelona player shown a yellow card for a bit of pushing and shoving at the middle of the scrum.,2

Maffeo has a bit too much to say to Pique after inserting himself into the fracas and gets shown a yellow card for his part. ,2

Prats loses a race to the loose ball to Pique before kicking out a leg and sending the centre-back over - giving Barcelona a free-kick and earning the Mallorca substitute a yellow card.,2

Costa is shown a yellow card for having a little bit too much to say after the referee failed to produce a card for Frenkie De Jong after a tussle with De Galarreta.,2

Jutgla comes across the charging Maffeo - bringing the full-back down with no opportunity to play the ball. It’s a yellow card for the Barcelona forward; the first booking of the match for either side.,2

BARCELONA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Mingueza’s cross from the right wing to the far post draws Reina off his line but Luuk De Jong is the first to it - rising above Maffeo and nodding the ball into the empty net!,1

Kane nips in to steal the ball from Pogba and takes a stud to the leg in the process. Pogba is booked for the challenge.,2

Ronaldo's third goal is his last act of the game. The forward heads off to a chorus of Viva Ronaldo by the United fans. Lindelof comes on as United switch to three at the back.,0

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 3-2 TOTTENHAM! Ronaldo gets his hat-trick with a textbook header! United earn a corner down their right which Telles whips in. Ronaldo arrives unmarked to plant it into the top right corner. There's simply no stopping him.,1

United decide to go for broke. Their Uruguayan forward Cavani replaces Matic. Pogba will drop deeper.,0

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 2-1 TOTTENHAM! Ronaldo grabs his second goal of the game! This is another simple goal. Sancho dashes behind the Spurs defence and coolly centres the ball. Ronaldo can't miss from close range.,1

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-1 TOTTENHAM! Kane steps up and curls the penalty confidently into the bottom left corner of the net. De Gea guesses the right way but can't get his hand to it. Game on!,1

Fred's booked for sharing too much of his opinion on the decision with the referee. Serves him right.,2

GOAL! MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 TOTTENHAM! This goal is like a blast from the past. Spurs' defenders sit off Ronaldo so the 37-year-old decides to thump the ball towards goal from some way out. The shot whistles clean and true into the top left corner. Lloris has no chance of saving it.,1

Valjent was booked for time-wasting after Grenier's yellow card, and he's also going to be missing the game against Getafe in December.,2

Muriqi is taking his time to leave the pitch, and he goes off to a standing ovation as the goal scorer. Prats replaces him for the last few minutes.,0

Gonzalez sells Battaglia short with a pass, and Ruiz de Galarreta fouls Correa in an attempt to make up for the error. He's booked, which means he'll miss their LaLiga game after the World Cup through suspension.,2

Atletico are making their final two changes now. Reinildo is the first to go off, with Reguilon coming on to make his first appearance for the club.,0

Atletico are making their second change of the game here. Carrasco is taken off, with Lemar replacing him.,0

There is a change for Mallorca at the break, and it's an expected one. Baba isn't coming back out for the second half after picking up an injury before half-time, so Battaglia replaces him.,0

Lee is on the spin, looking to bring down Sanchez's cross, and he doesn't realise Felipe is behind him. He kicks the defender instead, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Lee's first touch is heavy, and De Paul sees a chance to win it. He kicks the winger in the process though, and he's protesting his innocence, but he's still shown a yellow card.,2

Simeone has already seen enough, and he's making an attacking change to try and get his team back into this game. Molina, who is on a booking, goes off for Correa.,0

Morata holds his ground as Baba gets tight to his back, but goes down after getting an accidental kick to the calf. There wasn't much in that, but Baba is shown a yellow card.,2

MURIQI SCORES! Sanchez is a long way out when he decides to have a shot from range, but his low effort is on target and Oblak bundles it away. Raillo touches it to Costa before he's brought down by Molina, and he scuffs a cross into Muriqi, who is left with a simple tap-in from the edge of the six-yard box. 1-0 Mallorca!,1

Lee has acres of space to run into, and Molina sprints back to try and stop his run. He wrestles the winger to the floor from behind, making no attempt to play the ball, and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!!! CULTURAL LEAD, IT'S BENITO! The third-tier side counter a corner, Gudino curls a brilliant ball from the left to the right corner of the six-yard box, and Benito finishes brilliantly with a side-footed volley at the near post. Amazing!,1

GOOOAAALLl! Castenada pulls the third-division side level with a brilliant finish! A corner from the right is cleared but the ball is crossed back in from the same side. Adan comes out to punch it clear but only spoons it up in the air. Gudino keeps it alive and it loops up, just beyond the penalty spot for Castenada to fire a brilliant left-footed volley just inside the left-post. He couldn't have caught it any better.,1

Saul and Dioni get a talking-to from the referee after another coming-together in midfield. Dioni talks his way into a yellow.,2

GOOAAALLL! Correa puts Atletico in front! A looping header in midfield drops to Felix, who controls it in behind for Correa with a deft touch. He makes no mistake from just inside the area, finishing left-footed into the bottom-left corner.,1

Luque and Llorente tussle in midfield, and the former is booked. They took turns pushing each other, so it's maybe a little harsh that only one of them gets a yellow.,2

Augusto is booked for a heavy challenge on Llorente in midfield. Aitor then cleans Felix out, but there's no second card. ,2

GOAL! Haaland converts his penalty to put City back into the lead. The Norwegian went to the left side and, even though Leno got a hand on it, it nestled in the bottom corner of the net.,1

GOAL! Pereira converts his penalty and gets Fulham back on level terms. The Brazilian sends Ederson the wrong way and calmly places his effort into the bottom left corner of the net.,1

RED CARD! Cancelo has been sent off for fouling Wilson inside the box and Fulham have been awarded a penalty.,3

GOAL! City take the lead through Alvarez. Gundogan slides through a perfectly-weighted pass to the Argentine, who finishes confidently.,1

Hwang makes way for Hoever. It's difficult to see this as anything other than settling for a point from Wolves.,0

Jimenez smartly plays it round the corner on halfway and Gibson clears him out from behind as he does. Gibson goes in the book and he can't really have any complaints. ,2

There is some great movement from Pukki and he receives the ball in a dangerous position. Neves cynically hauls him back and goes in the book. ,2

McBURNIE!!! 3-3! The substitute fires home a dramatic equaliser as he controls Robinson's cross before beating De Gea. But wait, VAR is coming into play. Replays show the striker controlled the ball with his shoulder as opposed to his arm before volleying home and the goal stands!,1

RASHFORD!!! THE VISITORS LEAD 3-2! The Red Devils have turned things around! James gets in behind after playing a neat one-two with Martial. He then has the presence of mind to pick out Rashford, who turns home what could be the winner.,1

WHAT AN IMPACT!!! GREENWOOD MAKES IT 2-2! The substitute arrives in the six-yard box to turn home Rashford's cross and square things up at Bramall Lane.,1

Almost immediately after seeing his side pull a goal back, Solskjaer turns to the bench and introduces Mason Greenwood for Pereira.,0

WILLIAMS PULLS ONE BACK! 2-1! A lifeline for the visitors as James' cross is only headed away as far as Williams, who fires home brilliantly on the half-volley.,1

The hosts make their first change of the day as - seconds after pulling up with a hamstring injury - Mousset limps off to be replaced by Oli McBurnie.,0

MOUSSET!!! 2-0! The hosts regain possession inside their own half before launching a quickfire counter. Fleck shows terrific awareness to pick out Mousset, who advances with the ball before sending a precise 20-yard shot into the bottom-right corner.,1

Lundstram is quickly shown the second yellow card of the match for bringing down Lingard to prevent a quickfire counter.,2

FLECK PUTS THE BLADES IN FRONT!!! 1-0! Mousset chases a long ball and outmuscles Jones before pulling the ball back for Lundstram, whose first-time shot is saved by De Gea. However, Fleck is following up to finish off.,1

Late substitution here by the visitors, with Gnabry the man heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Choupo-Moting.,0

Bayern have been forced into making a substitution, with Goretzka appearing to pick up an injury and he has been replaced by Tolisso.,0

Double substitution now by Union, with Griesbeck one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Ryerson.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Bayern equalise, it’s 1-1! Coman does brilliantly down the left wing, he gets to the byline and then drags the ball back to Lewandowski who was lurking in the box and the striker pokes it into the back of the net.,1

Here is the first Bayern substitution, with Musiala the man coming off and he has been replaced by Sane.,0

Knoche is booked after he trips Masiala up after he plays a quick one-two on the edge of the box with Goretzka. Bayern now have a free-kick in a very good shooting position.,2

Gnabry is booked after he trips Teuchert from behind around the halfway line as the Union man skipped past him.,2

Here is the enforced Union substitution, with Ingvartsen coming off and he has been replaced by Teuchert.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Davies after Becker skips past him and the Bayern left-back pulls him down in order to stop the counter-attack.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Union take the lead after just four minutes, it’s 1-0! Trimmel whips a corner into the penalty area from the left and Promel meets it at the near post, glancing it into far corner of the net, with Neuer helpless as it flew beyond him and into the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! WILLIAN SCORES SUPER EFFORT!!!! 3-1 ARSENAL!!!! The Brazilian gets off the mark for the Gunners with a sublime strike from a free-kick. Willian arcs his effort over the ball and it soars away from Johnstone into the top-left corner. Arsenal are on their way to the three points this evening.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!! PEREIRA PRODUCES A GREAT SOLO RUN AND GOAL!!!! 2-1!!! The Baggies are back in the game as the Brazilian runs the length of the field before finding the back of the net. Pereira takes control in the middle of the park and runs at the Arsenal defence. The Gunners back off and Pereira needs no invitation to shoot, placing his effort past Leno with the aid of the right post.,1

Smith Rowe is withdrawn for Tierney, which will see Saka move into an advanced role in the final third.,0

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!! PEPE SCORES A STUNNER!!!!!!! 2-0 ARSENAL!!!!! The Gunners double their lead as Pepe rockets a strike into the top-left corner. The Frenchman collects an offload from Chambers on the right flank and is afforded space and time to cut in on his left foot. He connects superbly with his effort and the ball soars past Johnstone into the back of the net. A super goal.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SMITH ROWE GETS THE BREAKTHROUGH!!!! 1-0 ARSENAL!!!!! Smith Rowe puts the Gunners in front with a fine finish from close range. Saka causes havoc down the left flank and clips a perfect cross into the middle. Smith Rowe times his run to perfection and thumps a left-footed strike past Johnstone.,1

Puig makes it 4-0!!! He initially shoots from the edge of the box, but his shot is saved by Herrera. However, Herrera pushes the ball straight back into the danger area where Puig races onto it. He takes it round the keeper and takes his time, calmly cutting onto his right foot before firing into the back of the net.,1

Aubameyang adds another!!! Another brilliant ball from Dembele causes havoc in the Osasuna box, and the former Arsenal man gets a toe to it to poke past Herrera and make it 3-0.,1

Torres make it 2-0!!! A lovely through ball from Dembele finds Torres in the box, and he takes one touch before sliding the ball through Herrera's legs to double his side's lead.,1

Ferran Torres makes no mistake!!! The former Manchester City man steps up and coolly sends the keeper the wrong way, as he strokes it into the bottom right corner to make it 1-0.,1

THEY HAVE DONE IT! LUTON HAVE WON IT! Morris gets in the box and wrestles past his defender to tuck the ball into the bottom corner. How important will that goal be for their Premier League survival? It has been coming and Morris shows great strength to get to the ball and score to make it 2-1.,1

GOAAAAAL! LUTON LEVEL IT! It has been coming and in the second half, it is difficult to say they don't deserve it. Clark started the move with a surging run and carried on forward where he found himself in the box and found the bottom corner. It is 1-1 and can Luton get a vital winner with 17 minutes to play?,1

Semenyo has been the quietest out of the three behind Solanke, but he has had a good game. Unal comes on and will play up top with Solanke and he will look to add to his sole goal in the Premier League so far.,0

WHAT A STRIKE! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD 1-0! Tavernier called for it and it fell perfectly in his path to drill his effort into the bottom corner. It might be a bit harsh on Luton after such a strong start after the break, but he was given space and punished.,1

Hummels is penalised after clattering into Leao. The centre-back receives a booking for his troubles.,2

VIOLA!!! 2-2! CAGLIARI ARE LEVEL ONCE MORE! A lofted ball into the Inter box ricochets off Lapadula and kindly into the path of Viola, who makes no mistake as he beats Sommer to draw the visitors level.,1

Goalscorer Shomurodov makes way in the final Cagliari change with former Milan striker Lapadula returning to San Siro.,0

Inzaghi turns straight to the bench with three more changes. Dumfries replaces Darmian in the first of these.,0

CALHANOGLU!!! 2-1 INTER! The hosts regain the lead! Calhanoglu steps up and confidently sweeps the ball past Scuffet, who goes the right way down to his left but cannot get near the kick.,1

Mina is doing his best to delay the taking of the penalty, and the Cagliari skipper is booked for his troubles.,2

SHOMURODOV!!! 1-1! OUT OF NOWHERE, CAGLIARI ARE LEVEL! Zito does well to cushion a long ball into the path of Shomurodov, who fires a brilliant volley past Sommer from the edge of the box.,1

Inter make a change and Mkhitaryan is replaced by Frattesi, whose stoppage-time goal snatched all three points at Udinese on Monday.,0

Cagliari make that early change as Prati comes on in place of Jankto. The latter did not appear to be moving awkwardly, which suggests it is a tactical move by Ranieri.,0

THURAM!!! 1-0 INTER! The hosts break through in the 12th minute! A clever exchange of passes between Barella and Darmian releases Sanchez down the right. The latter squares the ball for his onrushing strike partner, who makes no mistake from inside the six-yard box. The watching Lautaro Martinez applauds from the stands.,1

NIANG MAKES IT 3-2! BORDEAUX PULL TO WITHIN ONE! Adli starts a counter-attack for the hosts before finding Briand on the edge of the penalty area. The veteran forward links up with Niang, who is able to pull his shot into the far corner - beating the outstretched Navas!,1

Niang is shown a late booking for intentional handball during an attempt to control the ball under pressure from Mendes.,2

BORDEAUX GET ONE BACK! Pereira gives the ball away on the edge of his penalty area, which allows Adli to get into possession on the left wing. A beautiful cross played with the outside of his boot finds Elis - who finishes at the first time of asking! 3-1!,1

Mbappe brings Elis down and then cynically kicks out at the Bordeaux forward - earning the France international a yellow card. ,2

A midfielder also makes way as Bordeaux look to put as many strikers on as possible. Otavio is replaced by Oudin. ,0

MBAPPE MAKES IT 3-0! A pass back in midfield to Herrera opens up a ton of space in-behind the defence and the former Manchester United player makes the opposition play with an incisive pass, splitting the centre-backs as he finds Wijnaldum through the middle onside. The Netherlands international carries it into the penalty area and draws Costil off his line before unselfishly passing it across the face of goal for Mbappe - who slots it home comfortably!,1

Petkovic makes a change at half-time as Mensah replaces Pembele, who is on-loan at Bordeaux from PSG.,0

LOVELY WORK FROM NEYMAR! 2-0 PSG! Neymar and Mbappe work a lovely give and go, with the France international forward playing a deft backheel pass for Neymar to latch onto. From there it’s a simple shot into the near corner from just inside the penalty area which leaves Costil sprawling!,1

It's a yellow card for Pembele, who is booked for embellishment after going down easily inside the PSG penalty area.,2

GOAL! PSG TAKE THE LEAD! Mbappe sprays a lovely cross to the far side for Neymar, whose first touch plucks the ball out of the air brilliantly. The Brazil international then cuts inside and fires a shot to the near post, which beats Costil easily! 1-0!,1

STERLING DOUBLES THE LEAD! CHELSEA ARE IN CONTROL OF THIS GAME NOW! Neto has had a game to forget so far, as he lets Sterling's shot go through his legs. It was a tight angle but Sterling won't care. 2-0 to the hosts!,1

The yellow cards are quickly adding up and Kerkez joins Semenyo in the book for diving. Anthony Taylor gets a rare cheer from the Chelsea crowd.,2

Cucurella quickly joins Semenyo in the book for getting slapped. It is a strange decision but the Spaniard probably shouldn't complain.,2

Semenyo puts in a rash challenge and leaves Anthony Taylor with no choice but to give him a yellow card.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MORATA ICES THE GAME WITH HIS SECOND!!!!!!! 3-1 JUVE!!!!!!!!! The Spaniard powers a header at goal at the back post and it strikes the knees of Falcone before finding the net. Locatelli has space down the right flank and digs out a cross for the run of Morata, who does not disappoint with an emphatic header.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SABIRI'S FREE-KICK IS DEFLECTED HOME!!!!!! 1-2!!!!!!!!!! The home side are back in the game as Sabiri's free-kick from distance strikes Morata in the wall before looping past Szczesny. Sabiri's effort is not the best as it slams into Morata, but it wrong foots Szczesny, who cannot get across to his right to prevent the ball finding the bottom-left corner. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MORATA CONVERTS!!!!! 2-0 JUVENTUS!!!!! The Spaniard fires his effort into the top-left corner to double Juve's advantage. Morata sends Falcone the wrong way with a clinical blast on his right foot.,1

Having ripped his shirt off in joyous celebration with the travelling Juve fans, Kean is booked by the referee.,2

JUVE STEAL IT! Not for the first time, Juventus look to have snatched all three points, as Kean easily turns a rather rigid Chiriches just inside the area, before shooting powerfully under Consigli and into the back of the net from an angle on the left. It's 2-1 to the Bianconeri, and they are heading for victory!,1

Allegri belatedly gives youth a chance - for at least a few seconds, anyway - as Bernardeschi makes way for Miretti.,0

Allegri has seen enough! Two changes for Juventus, with the first seeing Dybala withdrawn for Chiellini.,0

For his vocal protestations to the referee, following the award of Dybala's goal, Lopez is the first player booked today.,2

JUVE EQUALISE! A rocket from Dybala gets the Bianconeri back on track, having been drifting out of the game, as the Juventus captain thunders a left-footed strike into the roof of the net from just outside the box! It's now 1-1!,1

SASSUOLO LEAD! Deservedly, the hosts go in front, as a typically inventive flick by Berardi unlocks the Juventus back four, and Raspadori gambles on a run into the box; receiving the ball in his stride and driving in at the far post from a tight angle! A delightful move from two stars of the Neroverdi's much-admired attacking quartet: Sassuolo 1-0 Juventus!,1

A lunging challenge by Paqueta on McGinn results in the Brazilian being shown a yellow card - that's the first booking today.,2

Emery makes two changes, to freshen up a tiring team. First, a straight swap at left-back sees Digne replace Moreno, who set up Villa's goal.,0

WEST HAM PULL LEVEL! It's 1-1 at London Stadium, as Benrahma steps up and smashes his penalty high into the top of the net, beating Martinez with sheer power! No goalkeeper could have stopped that!,1

VILLA LEAD! The visitors first attack of note brings an opener! Moreno is left in plenty of space on the left and takes his time before curling over a precise cross towards Watkins, who leaps highest to divert the ball into the top-right corner with a header! A clinical counter-attack, and Aston Villa are 1-0 up!,1

Morelos is also booked for dissent after he said something to the referee that was out of turn following the foul by Ariba.,2

Aribo is booked after he loses control of the ball and then dives into a challenge with Guimaraes, catching the Lyon man late.,2

The opening goalscorer Toko Ekambi is the latest player to depart the pitch, with Shaqiri coming on in his place.,0

Lyon make their first change now, with Boateng on a booking so he has come off and he has been replaced by Diomande.,0

Here comes the Rangers substitution, with Davis the man to come off and he has been replaced by Wright.,0

Boateng is booked for a blatant handball after Morelos flicks the ball past him and tries to set Kent away on the counter.,2

Slimani slides in and makes a needless challenge on Balogun, catching the defender late and he can have no complaints with that yellow card.,2

GOAL! Lyon take the lead and what a goal it is from Toko Ekambi! The visitors break forward quickly and work it out wide to Toko Ekambi, who runs at Tavernier and cuts inside onto his right foot, before unleashing a terrific strike from outside the box that beats McGregor and flies into the bottom right corner of the net. It’s 1-0 after 23 minutes.,1

Goldson is booked for his foul on Toko Ekambi, with the referee showing him the yellow card once he had finished receiving some medical treatment.,2

GOOOOALLLL!! That might just win it for Chelsea! Jorginho sends Meslier the wrong way again and calmly strokes it home to make it 3-2 with just seconds left in this match!,1

James has really impressed up top for Leeds, but Charlie Cresswell is introduced to shore up this 2-2 draw.,0

Alonso is withdrawn, and in his place comes Romelu Lukaku to try and win this for Chelsea in the last few minutes.,0

GOOOOOALLLLLLL!!!!!!! LEEDS EQUALISE!!!! Harrison and Klich link up down the left, and the latter releases a flying Roberts. He crosses towards the six-yard box, and who's there but the 19-year-old substitute Gelhardt to squeeze a finish past Mendy to make it 2-2!!!! What a moment!!,1

It won't be Raphinha who rescues this game for Leeds as he's off, and young Joe Gelhardt enters the fray.,0

The booked Shackleton is withdrawn in Leeds' first change, and on comes Mateusz Klich, the only player on Leeds' bench to not be a current member of the club's academy.,0

Mount is yellow carded by the referee after his celebrations of that Jorginho goal were deemed too excessive.,2

GOAL! Up steps Jorginho, and, as he so often does, he sends the goalkeeper the wrong way with a cool penalty that makes it 2-1 to Chelsea!,1

Shackleton leaves one on Alonso as he looks to play forward, and is booked by the referee for the sneaky foul.,2

GOOOOALLLLL!!! Chelsea equalise!!!! Alonso nips in front of Dallas to win a loose ball in Leeds' half, and plays a one-two with Werner. Upon getting the ball back, Alonso finds Mount unmarked in the box, and side-foots a well-timed finish into the net with Leeds' defence nowhere, and we're level at 1-1!!!,1

The two Jameses collide as Chelsea's Reece flies into a challenge on Leeds' Dan. He sends the diminutive Peacocks forward flying into the air, and rightly receives the first booking of the match.,2

GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!! Leeds take the lead!!!! While most Chelsea fans are still scratching their heads over the penalty decision, the Brazil winger calmly steps up, stutters, and slots the ball past Mendy and into the bottom corner! 1-0 to the away side!,1

Zinchenko, who has peppered Everton's goal without reward, is removed for the more defensive option of Tomiyasu at left-back.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLL! 1-0 ARSENAL! Back-to-back corners eventually pay dividends for the Gunners. Another short set-piece routine sees Odegaard slide to the right of the area for Saka, who pulls back a pass towards Trossard. The Belgium international guides a first-time left-footed effort past Pickford with the help of the left post. A delightful opening goal for the visitors sends the away supporters into bedlam at Goodison Park.,1

Dyche also alters his frontline as Beto's home debut comes to an end for Calvert-Lewin to be introduced.,0

Gabriel is shown Arsenal’s first yellow card of the game for blocking Beto after the Everton striker knocked the ball past him.,2

Young hacks through the back of Trossard, perhaps taking a bit of the ball with a sliding tackle. Referee Hooper deems the challenge worthy of the first yellow card, though.,2

Martinelli, who has just had a goal ruled out, is forced off with injury as Trossard comes on to take his place.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! CUADRADO MAKES IT TWO!!!! 2-0 JUVE! Relief for the home side as Cuadrado notches their second goal of the afternoon. Cuadrado runs at the Brescia defence down the left flank and plays a one-two with Matuidi in the box. The Frenchman releases his team-mate with a neat flick. Cuadrado takes it in stride and dispatches a low strike past Andrenacci into the bottom-left corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! DYBALA PUTS JUVE AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!! The Argentine curls a sublime strike home from a free-kick on the edge of the box, leaving Andrenacci rooted to the spot. He lines up the shot on his left foot and bends his effort over the wall to leave Andrenacci unsighted, and the Brescia keeper can only watch it travel into the top-left corner. A super effort.,1

Aye blocks off the run of Ramsey on the edge of the box from Higuain's cutback. The forward receives his second yellow card and then his marching orders from the referee.,3

Toti is cautioned for a cynical foul on Ferguson near the halfway line and delaying the restart as Brighton look to up the tempo in the final minute or so.,2

De Zerbi makes a late change, throwing on former England Under-16 international Baker-Boaitey for the impressive Hinshelwood.,0

Neto's first start in the Premier League for Wolves since October 2023 comes to an end. The Portugal international is replaced by 20-year-old Chirewa, who makes his top-flight debut.,0

Substitute Webster is next into the referee's book after shoving and then kicking Neto's ankle near the right-hand touchline. That was cynical from the Brighton defender.,2

It is poor defending from Kilman, who commits too early and wipes Joao Pedro out on the left flank. The Wolves centre-back is cautioned and the visitors will now have to defend a wide free-kick in an inviting position.,2

Milner, in the game that saw him move second in the all-time Premier League appearances chart, comes off for Webster. The centre-back was De Zerbi's only change from the West Ham game, with Van Hecke taking his place but now lining up alongside him and Dunk at the back.,0

Estupinan has attempted 11 crosses in this game, some five more than the entire Wolves team combined. The left-back makes way for Lallana, however, as De Zerbi chases an opening goal.,0

O'Neil opts for fresh legs, sending on Bellegarde for Sarabia in what appears a defensive change. The substitute may provide some more cover as Wolves look to defend against Estupinan down their right-hand side.,0

As one teenager is introduced in Ferguson, another is withdrawn as Buonanotte makes way for Lamptey. The wing-back has not played since the end of November due to a muscle injury. Can he make the impact that Brighton so desperately need?,0

De Zerbi is the first manager to blink, bringing on teenage talisman Ferguson for the experienced Welbeck. The Brighton forward will partner Joao Pedro as the hosts search for an opener.,0

Having played advantage following Dawson's tackle in the build-up to Kilman hitting his own post, Pawson brings it back to caution the Wolves centre-back.,2

Cunha drops to his knees in protest after referee Pawson cautions the Wolves forward for another off-the-ball incident with Gilmour, who goes down after being pushed from behind when Neto has the ball on the left. That is twice in the first half the pair have clashed, yet this time the Brazilian is punished.,2

ANOTHER GOAL! 5-1! We're into thrashing territory now as Pulisic's thunderous low drive on the right is cleared off the line by Mina. However, the ref's watch pings and says goal!,1

GOOALLL! IT'S 4-1 AND IT'S LEAO WHO GETS IT! It's practically walked in as Leao caps a great break forward after Bennacer plays him in behind. That's got to be the three points here...,1

GOOALLLL MILAN FOR 3-1! IT'S REIJNDERS! THAT'S SUPERB! The Dutchman fires from seemingly miles out and picks out the bottom-left corner with true aplomb after Hernandez played him a simple pass!,1

Florenzi's race is run this evening and Hernandez arrives as another regular from the bench in this second half.,0

GOOALLL CAGLIARI! IT'S 2-1! Nandez is the man to get one back! The ball comes from Zappa on the right and the Uruguayan beats the offside trap to poke past Sportiello with ease! Game on!,1

GOOOALLL FOR 2-0! IT'S PULISIC! Leao slots in the American on a dramatic Milan counter, and the former Dortmund and Chelsea man powers home off the left post to double the Rossoneri's lead!,1

GOOOALLLL BENNACER FOR 1-0! It's a goal for the captain! Scuffet saves from Chukwueze's close-range effort and Bennacer taps into an open net!,1

Gabbia goes all silly and flies in on Prati. He earns a yellow card. He didn't need to do that on the left touchline as Kalulu was covering. He now misses the next match.,2

Bennacer goes into the book. The tackle on Prati was very out of control and he left a bit too much on his man.,2

SUB: Busquets did not feature in midweek and he takes his leave early in this one, being replaced by Roberto.,0

SUB: Douglas Luiz is on for Girona, replacing Aleix Garcia. The hosts had been preparing that change before Messi scored.,0

GOAL!! Messi makes it 2-0! He stays onside and is all alone as he controls in front of goal before lifting a delicate finish over Bounou and into the net. Barca should be home and dry now.,1

YELLOW: Goalkeeper Bounou leads the Girona protests and he goes into the book. The noise from the crowd has just turned up another notch.,2

RED!! Espinosa is off for a second yellow! Having been initially carded harshly for a clash with Messi, the defender clips Suarez's heels and is dismissed to the disbelief of the home side.,3

YELLOW: Busquets goes into the book for yet another challenge on halfway. He is then perhaps fortunate to avoid censure as he clatters Alcala following the free-kick.,2

YELLOW: After a quiet spell, Girona keep the pressure on. Vidal is cautioned for a foul in the centre circle.,2

YELLOW: Girona look to break at speed until Lenglet comes across to slow the attack, committing a foul and going into the book.,2

YELLOW: This looks very soft. Messi moves the ball on and then appears to run into Espinosa, who is booked and concedes a foul on the edge of the Girona area.,2

GOAL!! Semedo punishes some shoddy defending! It's 1-0 to Barca! Messi teases a pass through for Alba to cross from the left. His centre evades the waiting Barcelona players but prompts a scramble, finally ricocheting to the feet of Semedo. The full-back slams into the bottom corner.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Kane breaks the deadlock for Spurs, it's 1-0! Superb cross from Doherty and an even better finish from Kane to put Tottenham ahead late on. The right-back whips the ball deep into the penalty area and Kane rises above his marker and just flicks it on, over Johnstone and into the far corner of the net.,1

West Brom make another substitution now, with Grant coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Phillips.,0

Tottenham make a double substitution, with Bale the first to come off and he has been replaced by Lucas.,0

West Brom make their first substitution now, with Robinson the man coming off and he has been replaced by Diangana.,0

Tottenham have been forced into making a substitution, with Ndombele unable to shake off his knock and he has been replaced by Lo Celso.,0

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Bartley after he slides into the back of Kane, catching him late and getting nowhere near the ball. Poor challenge.,2

The yellow card is out again, this time for Scamacca. Gueye was jumping to clear his lines when the substitute clattered into him, making no attempt to play the ball.,2

Coufal dispossesses McNeil at the byline, so he tries to block the right-back's clearance, catching him in the process. He's booked for it.,2

Gordon slides in on Cornet from behind, clipping the substitute's heels, and he receives a yellow card for the challenge.,2

West Ham are making a double change as they look to get themselves back on level terms. Fornals is the first to go off, with Benrahma replacing him.,0

MAUPAY SCORES! He's in between three West Ham defenders when Iwobi slides the ball into him, but he controls it on the turn and takes the shot quickly. Fabianski scrambles across his line, but can't stop it from nestling in the bottom corner for his first Everton goal. 1-0 Everton!,1

Antonio tries to spin away from Coady, but the defender steps across him to stop the run and sees the first yellow card of the game.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLL!!! RONALDO EQUALISES!!! 2-2!! It had to be the Portuguese to get the leveller for Juve. Allegri went to his bench for his main man and he has not disappointed. Pjanic curled his delivery deep to the back post for Mandzukic to head down towards the middle of the six-yard box. Ronaldo got ahead of his man to nod his effort into the net from close range.,1

GOALLLLLLLLL!!!! ZAPATA PUTS ATALANTA AHEAD!!! 2-1!!!! The striker notches his second goal of the game to hand the home side the lead. Gomez swings the resulting corner into the box and the ball travels through to the middle of the six-yard box. Zapata gets ahead of his man to guide a headed effort past Szczesny, displaying predatory instincts. ,1

OFF! Juve are down to 10 men as Bentancur receives his second bookable offence. The midfielder trips Castagne as he attempts to come out from the back and the referee gives him his marching orders.,3

Chiellini brings down Freuler and goes into the book, presenting the home side with a chance to whip a cross into the box.,2

Zapata battles Can in the air and catches the midfielder with a stray arm. It results in a booking for the Atalanta goalscorer.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ZAPATA FINISHES IN STYLE!!! ATALANTA EQUALISE 1-1!! The home side are level with a fine goal from Zapata. The striker collects with his back to goal and he fends off the challenge of Bonucci with ease before turning to face the target. There's still work to do, but Zapata holds his composure to curl a left-footed strike past Szczesny to level the scores.,1

From the resulting corner, the home side clear the danger and Ilicic bursts into space before being caught from behind by Bentancur. The midfielder is booked for his cynical challenge.,2

Gourna-Douath is the latest player to be substituted for Salzburg, with Capaldo coming on in his place.,0

Sanchez leaves the pitch after opening the scoring in the first half, with Thuram coming on to replace him.,0

GOOOAAALLL!! 2-1 INTER!! After Frattesi was brought down in the box by Gourna-Douath, Inter have the chance to score from the penalty spot. Calhanoglu steps up and drills the ball into the bottom corner, sending Schlager the wrong way. The Italian side retake the lead!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! 1-1!! SALZBURG EQUALISE! Simic latches onto a long ball in behind the Inter defence and controls superbly. He tees up Kjaergaard just outside the penalty area, but the midfielder shows excellent composure to spot the run of Gloukh. The young forward receives the pass inside the box and dispatches it beyond Sommer and into the back of the net. A fantastic team goal from the Austrian side!,1

Gourna-Douath picks up Salzburg's second yellow of the match after dragging his opponent to the ground.,2

The referee is forced to award his second yellow of the game as Mkhitaryan wipes out Bidstrup in the middle of the pitch with a late challenge. He can have no complaints.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 INTER!!! Sanchez opens the scoring at San Siro! Mkhitaryan picks up the ball just outside the penalty area and looks to play a throughball towards Frattesi. The Italian midfielder failed to control the pass, but took it away from the Salzburg defender and into the path of Sanchez, who perfectly placed a strike beyond the goalkeeper and into the back of the net!,1

GOOOAAALLL! Lewandowski with his second goal of the game to make it 3-0! Superb run and finish from the striker to beat his marker for pace and power and get onto the end of a throughball by Kimmich, he then chips the ball over Gulacsi and into the back of the net.,1

Leipzig make their third and final substitution, with Konate coming off and he is replaced by Haidara.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Bayern double their lead, it's 2-0! Coman with the goal that might just clinch the trophy for Bayern! The winger controls the ball beautifully after Kimmich's cross into the box is deflected, he takes it down and then sprints past two defenders and fires the ball into the back of the net.,1

Another Bayern change now and Robben is on the pitch for his final appearance for Bayern, he replaces Gnabry.,0

Leipzig make their second substitution of the game, with the captain Orban coming off and he has been replaced by Upamecano.,0

Leipzig make their first substitution of the game, with Adams coming off the pitch and he has been replaced by Laimer.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Bayern lead 1-0! Lewandowski with a terrific header to fire Bayern into the lead. Alaba with a low cross into the box from the byline and Lewandowski had to really stretch to reach the ball, almost falling backwards as he heads the ball towards the bottom corner, out of the reach of Gulacsi and into the back of the net.,1

Doherty's booked for that challenge on Hernandez. It's Norwich's last chance. Can they make it count?,2

GOAL! 2-1 WOLVES! And there it is! Neto plays a one-two with Neves to get free down the left. He beats Aarons to cross and Doherty fires straight at Krul, but Jimenez is lurking to blast the rebound in!,1

GOAL! 1-1 WOLVES! Wolves take the corner from the left short to Moutinho. The midfielder's cross finds Saiss at the far post who powers a header into the bottom corner.,1

Saiss is booked for committing another foul in quick succession, this time on Tettey. What can Buendia make of this free-kick?,2

Byram gets a deserved yellow card for bringing down Traore, who'd played a one-two with Jimenez and was heading straight for goal.,2

Jonny bundles Aarons over on the right touchline and it's a Norwich free-kick. The wing-back receives a yellow card.,2

GOAL! 1-0 NORWICH! The ball comes loose in midfield and Norwich break quickly with Pukki finding McLean wide left. McLean rolls the ball across goal. Pukki can't reach it but Jonny's slip sets it up nicely for Cantwell who thumps it into the net!,1

Gnonto was very sarcastically congratulating Coleman after the final whistle, and he has to be dragged away by Tarkowski. The referee sees this and books him for dissent.,2

Final roll of the dice for Leeds now as they try to find a late equaliser. Harrison is taken off, with Greenwood on in his place.,0

COLEMAN SCORES! What a goal that is! Iwobi is on the halfway line when he lifts it over the top and Koch doesn't see Coleman's run until it's too late. He's nearly at the byline on the right of the box when he sends a shot across goal. Meslier wasn't expecting it and it flies past him into the far side of the net to the disbelief of his team-mates. 1-0 Everton!,1

Leeds are making a change at the break. Wober, who did pick up a shoulder problem in the first half, goes off for Kristensen.,0

McKennie also has his name taken by the referee for dissent as he clearly crossed a line during the argument as well.,2

Doucoure needlessly got involved in it all and had to be dragged away by Meslier. He's also booked for his part.,2

Rabiot is withdrawn against his former club; another ex-Paris man, Kean, comes on for the closing stages.,0

Newly arrived in Paris, former Valencia captain Soler is offered a brief cameo from the bench; Messi makes way.,0

One of PSG's new boys gets a chance to shine on the grand stage, as Mukiele is introduced for Hakimi, who set up the hosts' second goal.,0

Juventus go for a fresh approach on the right flank, as Cuadrado is withdrawn and De Sciglio comes on.,0

Having made contact with Mbappe's face, in a 50-50 challenge for the ball, Danilo is rather harshly booked.,2

Allegri opts for a change of tack, as powerful centre-forward Milik makes way for Locatelli, who will slot in to the Juve midfield.,0

JUVE GET ONE BACK! The visitors had been getting some joy with a series of more direct attacks, and they break through PSG's defences from a well-worked set-piece. Kostic slings over an outswinging cross from the right, following a corner, and half-time sub McKennie rises highest to power home a header! The Bianconeri reduce their deficit: it's now just 2-1 to Paris!,1

Having been booked during the first half, young Miretti makes way, as Allegri introduces McKennie in the Juve midfield.,0

Neymar hits the deck again, as Miretti mistimes a sliding challenge and sweeps the Brazilian forward off his feet near the centre circle. The teenager is shown a yellow card.,2

Having waded into the aftermath of Bremer's challenge on Mbappe, Ramos receives yet another Champions League booking to add to his collection.,2

MBAPPE DOUBLES UP! Another sharp one-two, followed by a decisive finish, gives Paris a two-goal lead! This time Hakimi is Mbappe's partner in crime, as they unlock the Juve defence with a couple of passes on the right, allowing the French forward to fire past Perin into the bottom-left corner! PSG 2-0 Juventus!,1

PARIS LEAD! A lovely link-up between Neymar and Mbappe slices open the Juventus back line, and within a flash, PSG go in front! The Brazilian maestro lobs a cute ball over the top, into the six-yard box, where his colleague waits to smash the ball home past Perin, who could only get a futile fingertip to it! PSG 1-0 Juve!,1

Hecke and Haaland have been locked into a physical battle for the whole of the game. This time the centre-back is shown a yellow card for a foul on the attacker.,2

Phillips is given the last six minutes to make an impression in City's midfield. Silva makes his way off.,0

De Zerbi makes a straight swap in the striking position. Welbeck is given a rest after an energetic 75 minutes and is replaced by Undav.,0

Buonanotte was dangerous in Brighton's attack in the first half but has been quiet since the restart. Veltman is on to help protect the clean sheet.,0

Mac Allister has been an instrumental part of Brighton's side this campaign and replaces Gilmour, who has had a steady game in the midfield.,0

Enciso scored a stunning goal before the break but is now on his way off the pitch. Ferguson makes his way on after scoring twice against Southampton in the previous match.,0

Palmer started the last game and is now coming on. Foden looked like he had a problem in the first half and is now being replaced.,0

GOALLLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM ENCISO! 1-1! That is an unbelievable strike from Enciso. Steele is composed on the ball and curls a pass to Colwill, who drives into City's half. The Chelsea loanee then finds the striker, with the 19-year-old blasting his strike from outside the box into the top corner.,1

GOALLLL! FODEN SCORES! 1-0 CITY! What a move from City. Haaland and Mahrez play a one-two, with the winger curling a pass over the Brighton defence for the Norwegian to take over. Haaland is one-on-one with Steele, but he slides a pass across to Foden. The England international is inside the box and drives his low effort into the net. Van Hecke is on the line but cannot keep it out.,1

Patterson is late with a challenge on Johnson, and he knows it as he quickly gets away from the man on the floor. That doesn't stop the referee from showing him a yellow card.,2

GOMES PULLS ONE BACK! And that one will count! McNeil's delivery causes all sorts of problems once more, and nobody in the middle can make contact as it swerves away to the edge of the box. Danjuma was going to try and keep it alive, but Gomes runs onto it, drilling his first-time shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 2-1!,1

Everton's final change sees Beto coming on for the last 10 minutes plus stoppage time in place of Onana.,0

Gomes isn't happy about Everton not getting a free-kick for what he deemed to be a foul on Patterson. He's booked for dissent.,2

Harrison has caused Emerson a lot of problems during this game, but he's now taken off with Danjuma on in his place.,0

Spurs' second change of the game sees Richarlison replaced by Hojbjerg, which means Son will move forward to play through the middle.,0

There's a change at the break for Spurs, and it's a straight swap at centre-back. Romero is taken off, with Dier on in his place.,0

Onana wraps his arms around Emerson to stop his run through the middle. He can have no arguments with that yellow card.,2

Gueye can't carry on after picking up that knee problem and goes straight down the tunnel. Gomes, making a return from an injury of his own, replaces him.,0

Gueye is back on his feet after receiving treatment, and the referee uses the opportunity to show him a yellow card for the earlier tackle on Richarlison.,2

SON SCORES! Porro takes the corner short for Spurs, and Johnson plays a one-two with Kulusevski so that he can cut into the box from the right. His shot is parried away by Pickford, but he only gets it as far as Son, who slots his shot into the far bottom corner. 2-0 Spurs!,1

RICHARLISON SCORES! It's brilliantly worked down the right by Spurs as Johnson starts the move before racing down the wing to get on the end of Sarr's return pass. He plays a low, first-time cross into the near post, and Richarlison is there to tap it in from close range. 1-0 Spurs!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RASHFORD DOES IT!!! 3-1 UNITED!!! The England man holds his nerve from 12 yards against the experience of Buffon. He had to wait an age for the spot-kick, but when he struck his effort, he did it with power, rifling his attempt into the top corner. United are heading through as it stands.,1

Bailly has been struggling from the off in an unnatural position for the Ivorian. Dalot replaces him at right-back.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LUKAKU NOTCHES A SECOND!!!! 2-1 UNITED!!! Incredible scenes at the Parc des Princes as United go ahead on the night again. The home side have dominated the game, but another inidividual mistake hands Solskjaer's men the advantage this evening. Rashford lines up a strike from distance and the ball dip towards the bottom corner. Buffon fails to hold the ball and he spills it into the middle of the box. Lukaku pounces and fires home from close range. United have cancelled out the away goals from the first leg. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BERNAT LEVELS THE SCORES!!!! 1-1!!! The pressure tells on the United defence as Bernat converts at the back post. The movement of Mbappe was key as he found space in the right inside channel and fired a low ball across the face of goal. Bailly falls asleep in his defensive duties and allows Bernat to run in and slot home to bring the home side level on the night.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LUKAKU GIVES UNITED THE PERFECT START! 1-0!! Kehrer makes a horrendous error at the back, selling Thiago Silva short with an offload. Lukaku seizes on the ball and drives into the box. The Belgian rounds Buffon before slotting the ball into the back of the net on the slide from a tight angle. Solskjaer could not have wished for a better start.,1

Barella is booked for a nasty challenge on Ghezzal. The Viola's players are furious as they felt Barella had gone over the top of the ball there and should have been sent off. In fairness, the referee was right in line with it and had a perfect view of the tackle.,2

The final change of the game sees Foden given a few minutes at the end, as he takes over from Mahrez. It is the youngster's second Premier League outing of 2019.,0

Cathcart, who has been a near ever-present for Watford in the Premier League this season, is brought off the bench for Britos.,0

Aguero does not look entirely happy to be leaving the field without a goal. He is replaced by Jesus for the final 10 minutes.,0

GOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 3-1 WATFORD! Twenty-one seconds after coming off the bench, Deeney heads the ball into the path of fellow sub Deulofeu for a calm finish past Ederson. Game on!,1

Deulofeu, the scorer of a hat-trick at Cardiff City last month, is introduced in place of Femenia. Watford look as though they are ready to flick to attack move.,0

Gracia finally turns to his bench by bringing on captain Deeney for Success as part of a double change.,0

Hat-trick hero Sterling is replaced by Sane for the remaining 25 minutes. It is a like-for-like change that will surely have Watford's players looking up at the clock to see how long is left.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 3-0 WATFORD! A quickfire hat-trick for Sterling puts the game out of Watford's reach! David Silva plays the ball inside Janmaat and Sterling keeps his composure in front of goal, taking the ball inside Kabasele and lifting it over Foster with a delicate little chip.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 2-0 WATFORD! Watford appear to have crumbled on the back of that questionable decision from the officials. A couple of minutes after Sterling's controversial opener was awarded, the winger scores a second. The ball falls nicely for David Silva, who plays it into the path of Mahrez and the Algeria international squares it for Sterling to tap into an empty net. Think that can now be described as a 'trademark Sterling goal'.,1

GOOOOAAALLL!!! MAN CITY 1-0 WATFORD! Real drama here at the start of the second half! Aguero chests Gundogan's delightful pass into the path of Sterling and the winger lifts it over Foster. The goal is initially ruled out for offside, though it is argued that Janmaat hit it onto Sterling - rather than Sterling looping it over Foster on his own - so it therefore should not be offside. After a lengthy discussion between the referee and his linesman, the goal is awarded.,1

Cleverley throws himself into Walker and earns a booking. That came moments after David Silva's shot was blocked by Foster at his near post.,2

Walker, having already avoided a booking for tripping Masina, allows Success to get away from him and gets none of the ball when lunging in. The referee Paul Tierney reaches into his pocket.,2

Çalhanoğlu's been instrumental to this one-sided scoreline, and Stefano Sensi takes his place on the pitch for the last seven minutes.,0

Goalscorer Džeko comes off having put on a show against his former employers, and Matías Vecino takes his place on the pitch.,0

Zaniolo's frustration sees him yank down Brozovic by the arm, and make it 21 yellow cards in 67 Serie A games with a deserved booking.,2

Forward comes Perisic again as he looks to link up with Alexis, but the substitute is clattered into touch by Mancini, and the Roma captain is given a yellow card.,2

Barella's foot is very, very high as he catches Kumbulla late, and the Inter midfielder receives a booking.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!!! IT'S A DELIGHTFUL THIRD!!!! Bastoni is again very far forward from centre-back, and floats a delightful cross into the box. It bypasses everyone, but not before reaching a flying Dumfries at the back post, whose diving header flies straight past Patricio to make it 3-0 to Inter! Game, set, and match?,1

Correa looks to spark an attack but Ibanez is right behind him, and a tangling of legs sees the Roma wing-back punished and given the game's first yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! IT'S TWO!!!!! Simply brilliant play from Inter as Bastoni tees up Calhanoglu on the byline. The first goalscorer turns provider, squaring the ball for Dzeko to lash it home on the half-volley! 2-0, and just like that, Inter are in complete control.,1

GOOOOOALLLLL!!!! WHAT A FREAK GOAL TO INTER!!!! After Veretout concedes a corner, Calhanoglu whips it in, catching everyone napping as it flies all the way in at the front post! Patricio is furious with his defenders, but he's just as much to blame as the Nerazzuri take a1-0 lead!,1

Timely that cramp, as a tired looking Azmoun makes way for Costa. He'll be thinking about that bicycle kick from earlier, no doubt.,0

Aouar comes on for the final seven minutes of the 90. Baldanzi makes way for the Algerian international.,0

Llorente comes on for Zalewski. The youngster has had some interesting first half moments, particularly with shoddy blocks. Llorente must be an insurance player for the Roma backline.,0

Perhaps there's a change of formation here? Estupinan makes way after a typically industrious outing. Igor enters in his place.,0

Wing-based energy is clearly the move from De Zerbi. Fati comes on for Enciso, who has only just been ushered into the squad again after much time away with injury.,0

Despite his involvement in the goal, Estupinan can't help getting involved in some nonsense with Pellegrini. Yellow card.,2

WHAT A GOAL FROM WELBECK! That is superb! He drives forward and feeds Estupinan on the left. Instead of crossing, he opts for playing in his striker just outside the box. He opens his body up and finds the top right beautifully. Excellent, excellent goal! 1-0 to Brighton in this second leg, cutting the aggregate deficit to 4-1!,1

Cristante fouls Lallana. As the former Liverpool man grabs the ball, Ndicka bundles into him despite the whistle. For his efforts, he enters the book.,2

Lamptey goes past Azmoun while the ball drops to the Iranian. His studs are high and he floors the forward. Lamptey joins Mancini in the book so far.,2

Having just said both sides are feeling each other out, Mancini takes that VERY literally. He bodies Enciso for a Brighton free-kick in a dangerous spot on the edge of the Roma box.,2

GOAL!!!! LEWANDOWSKI HAS SURELY WON IT FOR BAYERN!!!! Tah takes a heavy touch at the back and is robbed by Kimmich, who plays Lewandowski into the box on the left. The striker opens up his body and lashes a shot at goal that Tapsoba tries to block, but it takes a wicked deflection off the defender's shin that sends it into the net past Hradecky! It's 2-1 to Bayern Munich with what may well be the last kick of the game!!,1

Flick makes a double-change now as he chases the game. Sane, having come on as a substitute for the injured Coman in the first half, does not look too pleased to be hooked. Musiala comes on to replace him.,0

GOAL!!! LEWANDOWSKI EQUALISES FOR BAYERN!!! Sane feeds Muller on the right in space and the German floats a cross into the box where Lewandowski is waiting. Tah and Hradecky both try and cut the delivery out and end up getting in each other's way, allowing the unmarked striker to head into an empty net! It's 1-1 now!,1

GOAL!!! SCHICK FIRES LEVERKUSEN IN FRONT!!! Bailey takes a short corner to Amiri on the right and the midfielder dinks the ball into the box. It falls to an unmarked Schick just inside the area on the left, and the forward thumps a sumptuous volley past a helpless Neuer and in at the near post! It's 1-0 to Leverkusen!,1

Telles is the latest player to go into the referee's book after he clatters into Llorente with a late challenge.,2

United are making their final change following the equaliser. Sancho goes off, with Lingard on for him.,0

ELANGA EQUALISES! It's a quick break that catches Atletico out, with Fred picking out Fernandes, who threads it through to Elanga. Reinildo slides in but misses it and the teenager is left one-on-one with Oblak. He coolly slots his low shot across goal and into the back of the net. 1-1!,1

Correa barges into Fred to give away a free-kick just outside the box, and Atletico aren't happy about it. They swarm around the referee and Gimenez gets booked for something he says.,2

There's a double change for Atletico as well. Lodi went down a few minutes ago with an issue, so he makes way for Lemar.,0

Fred just steps across Lodi in an attempt to stop him from reaching the byline. Atletico end up winning a corner, but the referee takes it back by booking him.,2

Matic also comes on to replace Pogba in midfield as they look to try and get some control in midfield.,0

There's a triple change coming for United here. Lindelof, who has struggled up against Lodi, is the first to make way, with Wan-Bissaka on for him.,0

It's a clumsy one from Rashford as he clips the back of Llorente's heels, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Reinildo sticks an arm across Pogba's chest to stop his bursting run down the right. He gives away a free-kick and has his name taken by the referee.,2

Shaw takes a heavy first touch and ends up stepping on Vrsaljko's foot in his attempts to win it back. It's a poor challenge, and he's shown a yellow card.,2

Herrera clips Pogba's heels before tugging the Frenchman's shirt when he gets away from him. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

LODI SCORES! United have struggled to get going in this game, and Atletico have punished them for it. Lindelof clears the initial corner, but Lodi wins it back and whips a great cross in. Joao Felix gets in front of Maguire and stretches to get his head on it. It bounces off the inside of the post and across the line. 1-0 Atletico!,1

Ramsey makes way for the visitors as Ings enters the final third against his former club. Gerrard needs a goal from the forward.,0

GOAL!!!!!! SALAH FIRES HOME THE SPOT-KICK!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL!!!! The Reds finally get their reward as Salah hammers home with his left foot. The forward fires low and hard towards the bottom-right corner, and although Martinez guesses the correct way, the power of the strike beats the Argentinian.,1

Watkins slides in hard on Fabinho, catching the Brazilian from behind. The England man goes into the book.,2

Van Dijk brings down Watkins with a clumsy challenge down the left flank on the edge of the box. He goes into the book and hands Villa a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Coutinho is helped to the sidelines and Archer replaces the Brazilian. It does not look good for the Villa midfielder.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DURAN MAKES AN INSTANT IMPACT!!!!! 4-0!!!!!!! Duran pounces on a mistake by Young from a throw-in and skips past Keane before slotting an effort past Pickford. Young tries an ambitious long throw to reach Keane in the middle of the Everton defence. He sells his team-mate short and Duran nips in and applies a cool finish to get off the mark in the campaign.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BAILEY MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-0!!!!! Everton switch off at the back from a long throw into the box and Bailey slams a half-volley through Pickford's legs. Digne acts quickly on the left flank and throws the ball in long. Keane can only slice his hurried clearance straight to Bailey, who holds his composure to complete the finish.,1

Digne pulls back Garner as the midfielder turns away from the full-back with ease. He goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! DOUGLAS LUIZ CONVERTS!!!!! 2-0!!!! Villa double their lead as Douglas Luiz holds his nerve from 12 yards. The Brazilian sends his effort low into the bottom-right corner. Pickford guesses the right way, but the strike has enough power and precision to find the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MCGINN BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!! 1-0 VILLA!!!!! McGinn is on the spot in the box to turn the ball home and put Villa ahead. Diaby raids with menace at the Everton defence before he feeds Bailey. The winger raids to the byline and produces a fine cutback for McGinn to dispatch past Pickford.,1

Young wins the ball in the middle of the park and runs at the Villa defence. Douglas Luiz pulls him back and goes into the book.,2

There's a double change for Empoli now as they look to find a late equaliser. Bajrami makes way, with Verre on to replace him.,0

LA MANTIA PULLS ONE BACK! The free-kick is headed off the line and onto the bar by Bonucci and Juventus are all over the place in the box. Luperto reacts quickest and manages to get it into La Mantia, who hits it first time into the near bottom corner. 3-2!,1

Parisi has only been on the pitch a matter of minutes, but he's had his name taken by the referee after catching Cuadrado with a late challenge.,2

Empoli are making a triple change now, and Di Francesco is the first to go off, with La Mantia on for him.,0

VLAHOVIC SCORES AGAIN! Juventus break quickly after an Empoli corner, with Morata being fed in by Cuadrado. He bursts forward before picking out Vlahovic, who gets in behind Cacace before lifting a lovely chip over Vicario and into the back of the net. 3-1 Juve!,1

Second change for Juventus now, and it's the scorer of the first goal, Kean, that's going off for Morata.,0

Two Empoli players attempt to dispossess Kean before Ismajli slides in himself. It's a heavy challenge that earns him the first booking of the game, and he'll miss their next match because of it.,2

VLAHOVIC SCORES! It's brilliantly worked by Juventus, with Arthur cutting out Bandinelli's throughball to set Juve on the counter. He picks out Cuadrado, who dummies a shot before slipping it through to Vlahovic. He keeps his cool to dribble past Ismajli and slotting home from close range. 2-1 Juve!,1

ZURKOWSKI EQUALISES! The corner catches Juventus out again as Bajrami's cross hits Luperto and drops to the ground. There's a scramble, with none of the Juve defenders able to get a touch on it and Zurkowski eventually pokes it through the crowd and into the bottom corner. 1-1!,1

Zakaria is helped off the pitch by the medical team, and it is Locatelli that's coming on to replace him.,0

KEAN SCORES! It's a lovely cross into the box by Rabiot and he clips it to Kean, who is unmarked at the far post. He rises high and nods his effort into the ground and the bounce catches out Vicario before it hits the back of the net. 1-0 Juve!,1

GOOOAL! James makes it 4-2 to Real Madrid! Odriozola produced an impressive break down the right flank before cutting back a delivery into the box from the byline, and it ran through to James who swept his side-footed effort into the bottom right-hand corner.,1

GOOOAL! Duarte makes it 3-2! A corner delivery from the right is nodded on by Diaz at the front post, and Duarte latches on to the loose ball to poke the ball into the back of the net.,1

Duarte is the next Granada player to receive a booking following his late sliding challenge on Bale near the right wing.,2

GOOOAL! Machis makes it 3-1! The referee blows his whistle and Machis strikes the ball into the bottom left-hand corner and beyond the reach of Areola. The visitors now have a route back into the match.,1

GOOOAL! Modric makes it 3-0 to Real Madrid with an excellent strike! Hazard cuts inside from the left flank before laying it off to Modric some 30 yards from goal, and he arrows the ball into the top left-hand corner.,1

GOOOAL! Hazard makes it 2-0 to Real Madrid! Granada lose possession in a dangerous area and Valverde reacts quickly to cushion a short pass through to Hazard, and the winger then finishes in style as he lobs it over the goalkeeper.,1

Real Madrid are making their first change of the match as Modric replaced Kroos who is unable to continue.,0

GOOOAL! Benzema makes it 1-0 to Real Madrid! Bale picks up the ball on the right flank and then crosses it into the box with the outside of his foot, and Benzema is on hand at the back post to side-foot the ball beyond Silva.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Chelsea lead 2-1! Willian converts from the penalty spot to send the hosts back into the lead, he sends Ederson the wrong way, placing the ball high into the net.,1

RED CARD! Fernandinho is sent off after blocking the shot on the goal line, denying Chelsea a goal. The defender has no complaints about the decision and now Chelsea have the opportunity to take the lead once again.,3

Kevin De Bruyne is booked for a late chalenge, the midfielder is booked after the penalty incident, as the referee allowed the advantage, as it led to the Chelsea attack.,2

City are eager to get another goal quickly here, with Mendy the latest player coming off and he has been replaced by Zinchenko.,0

GOOOAAALLL! City are level, it's 1-1! Superb free-kick by De Bruyne! The midfielder gets the ball over the wall and it dips straight into the top left-hand corner of the net, giving Kepa no chance of saving it. We have a very interesting game on our hands now.,1

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Alonso after he drags Mahrez to the ground, after the winger flicks the ball past him down the right wing.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Chelsea take the lead, it's 1-0! Fantastic counter-attack by Chelsea but it comes after an awful mistake on the halfway line, with Mendy and Gundogan both leaving the ball to each other and Pulisic nicks it off them, races through on goal and then slides it into the bottom right-hand corner of the net.,1

Lapadula goes into the book for timewasting, clipping the ball into an empty net after the whistle had gone for a foul.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MANCOSU EQUALISES!!! 1-1!!! The home side are back in the game as Mancosu strokes his effort past Szczesny into the net. He takes a staggered run up and places his strike into the right bottom corner, sending the Pole the wrong way.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DYBALA CONVERTS FROM 12 YARDS!!! 1-0 JUVE! The Argentine puts the visitors ahead as he curls his penalty low into the right bottom corner. Gabriel guesses the right away, but it's too far into the corner for him to get a hand to it.,1

VILLA 4-2 FOREST! The goal-count keeps rising! Played through by Tielemans following some slipshod Forest defending, Watkins tries to round Sels in the area. The goalkeeper's desperate save only presents the ball to Bailey, who simply guides it into the back of the net from 10 yards out! That's his 11th goal of the season! The hosts' two-goal lead is restored!,1

Shortly after picking up a yellow card, Moreno will be withdrawn by Unai Emery, who is animatedly pointing to his head, appealing for calm in the Villa defence. Digne comes on.,0

For what essentially amounts to a rugby tackle on Williams, Moreno is the first player booked for Aston Villa today.,2

FOREST BACK IN IT! The visitors further reduce their deficit, as Villa only lead 3-2! Half-time substitute Origi slips a perfectly weighted ball through for Gibbs-White, who is free in space behind Villa's defence, and the latter lifts the ball skilfully over an on-rushing Martinez! A goal either side of half-time has got Forest back into this game!,1

Nuno responds to Forest's first-half display with a triple change: first, Murillo makes way for Toffolo.,0

Unai Emery has made a half-time substitution, as Pau Torres - who was recently sidelined by injury - is replaced by Chambers in central defence.,0

FOREST FIGHT BACK! On the stroke of half-time, Niakhate cuts the visitors' deficit! Villa were asleep at a set-piece, as Awoniyi nods on a corner-kick from the right, before the defender chests the ball in from close range! It's now just 3-1 to Aston Villa! Game on?,1

Now, Nottingham Forest's other centre-back is booked, as Felipe hauls down Watkins and is shown a yellow card. It's been a terrible first half for the visitors' back four.,2

VILLA HAVE A THIRD! Douglas Luiz strikes again! Following a corner on the right, the hosts recycle the ball, finding McGinn just outside Forest's area. The Villans' skipper then sends over a pinpoint delivery, which his midfield colleague meets with a clinical header! Sels had no chance! It's 3-0 before the break!,1

DOUGLAS LUIZ DOUBLES VILLA'S LEAD! Bailey and Cash combine on the right, then Ramsey - under little pressure - turns in the area and guides the ball across to Douglas Luiz. With aplomb, the Brazilian blasts home his ninth goal of the season from near the penalty spot, and Aston Villa are now totally on top: 2-0! Forest already look beaten.,1

After Forest fail to make the most of Gibbs-White's free-kick, Murillo brings down Douglas Luiz, who is trying to set up a rapid counter-attack. That results in the game's first booking.,2

VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! After McGinn spins and sends Bailey clear down the right, the latter drives to the byline and slots a low pass across the six-yard box for Watkins, who couldn't miss! The in-form striker sweeps the ball into an empty net from close in, putting the hosts one goal ahead early on! It's an awful start for Nottingham Forest!,1

Modric was dominant in the second half and scored the important second goal. He is now withdrawn for Asensio.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! HAZARD SCORES FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 3-0 MADRID!!! Hazard secures the result for Madrid tonight as he taps in from six yards out. Kroos starts the move with a looping cross to Carvajal at the back post. The Spaniard takes his delivery out of the air first-time and steers it to Hazard unmarked in the middle. Hazard cannot miss and he slots his effort into an empty net.,1

Maeda catches Modric with a stray arm and goes into the book. It was a similar incident to Mendy's challenge on Abada in the first half that received the same punishment.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MODRIC MAKES IT TWO!!!! 2-0 MADRID!!!!! Los Blancos take control of the contest as Modric beats Hart with a powerful strike with the outside of his boot. Mendy leads a counter forward, and is wiped out by two hooped shirts, but the loose ball falls to Hazard. The Belgian runs into the box before offloading to Modric in space. The veteran cuts backs and beats Taylor then Jenz to open up room for a shot on his right foot that has too much power for Hart to keep out.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VINICIUS CONVERTS A MADRID BREAK!!!!!! 1-0 MADRID! The visitors break the deadlock with a devastating counter that Vinicius finishes with a neat strike. Valverde collects down the right flank and produces a great run before supplying a pinpoint cross for the run of Vinicius. The forward takes on the shot first-time and places his effort past Hart into the bottom-right corner. A sublime team goal.,1

Abada makes way for the Bhoys at the break. Maeda replaces him and may just offer more protection down the right flank.,0

Benzema is forced off with a knee problem. Hazard enters the action to replace the Frenchman. Ancelotti will be hopeful that it is not a serious one.,0

Hamer is the latest Sheffield United man to be withdrawn, and Ben Slimane is introduced for the final 10 minutes plus stoppage time.,0

Sterling has made a significant contribution to Chelsea's second-half uplift, but he now makes way for Broja.,0

With the points almost assured, Chelsea seek to shut up shop. Tricky winger Mudryk is replaced by Fernandez, who will add fresh legs to the hosts' midfield.,0

THE BLUES BAG A SECOND! At the second attempt, Palmer picks out a decisive cross from the right - following a chaotic spell in the penalty area - and Jackson meets the ball with a close-range finish! What an impact young Palmer has had on this second half! It's 2-0 to Chelsea, and surely there's no coming back from here for Sheffield United?,1

Wilder makes a change shortly after his side slip behind. Brooks will be replaced by a striker, Osula, who should join McBurnie up front.,0

CHELSEA LEAD! It had been coming! Palmer's bright start to the second half is rewarded, as he arrives in the six-yard box to convert Sterling's low cross from the right! That's his sixth league goal of the season! It's now Chelsea 1-0 Sheffield United, and how will the Blades respond?,1

Luuk de Jong enters the action for the home side to replace Traore. Barca need a physical presence in the box.,0

Torres is withdrawn from the final third for the home side after an ineffectual performance. Dembele replaces the forward.,0

Depay tries a desperate lunge for the ball in the final third to dispossess Boey, but he brings down the full-back and goes into the book.,2

Despite Plea's two goals here, he cannot resist the temptation of showing his frustrations and a bad tackle on Barella earns the Frenchman a yellow card.,2

Wolf dispossesses Bastoni and then looks away down the right before the centre-back cynically drags him back. The referee then has no option but to book Bastoni for his tactical foul.,2

Gagliardini fouls Kramer near the halfway line and then gives the referee a piece of his mind to earn the Inter man a spot in the referee's book, which has filled up quite significantly this match.,2

GOALLL!! 3-2! Another goal for Frenchman Plea gets Gladbach back in the game. Sanchez had given possession away before Thuram rolled in Plea, who places a right-footed effort past Handanovic from inside the area. VAR has a quick check for offside before confirming the goal stands.,1

Lainer slides in and catches both Sanchez and Gagliardini, getting none of the ball and deservedly goes into the book for his efforts.,2

GOALLL!! 3-1 INTER! Lukaku gets his second of the game as he powers a left-footed shot high to the right of Sommer from inside the area. However, it was Hakimi who did all the hard work, racing away down the right-hand side before cutting a pass back towards the Belgian.,1

Sanchez is Lukaku's new partner up top as he comes on to replace Martinez, who looks visibly frustrated with Conte's substitution decision.,0

Barella is the next caution of the game for a bad foul on the edge of the area and then stopping Gladbach from taking the resulting free-kick quickly.,2

Stindl, who has been largely ineffective this game, is replaced by Embolo as Rose looks to chase the game.,0

GOALLL!! 2-1 INTER! Thuram gives the ball away near the centre circle and Lukaku gets played in by Brozovic's throughball. The Belgian then bullies Zakaria out the way before driving a right-footed effort into the bottom left corner of Sommer’s goal from inside the area.,1

Darmian, who opened the scoring in the first half, is replaced by Hakimi in the right wing-back role.,0

De Vrij is booked for his foul on Thuram, after the French forward had coasted round Inter's centre-back outside of the area.,2

Zakari replaces Jantschke at half-time, whether for tactical reasons or an injury is unclear as of yet.,0

GOALLL!!! 1-1! Plea is completely unmarked at the back post and heads downwards past Handanovic from near the six-yard area to level the scores. Lazaro did well down the right to peel off before standing up a cross towards the Frenchman at the back post.,1

Martinez goes down in the area as he looks to latch onto a loose ball but the referee is having none of it and books the Argentine for simulation. In fairness, it looked like Neuhaus barely made any contact with the striker there.,2

GOALLLL! 1-0 INTER! Darmian slams through Sommer’s legs with a low, driven right-footed shot from the right-hand side of the area. Initially, Gagliardini had put it on a plate for the wing-back but Sommer should be doing better at his near post there.,1

Barella breaks over the halfway line and looks set to launch a counter-attack until Stindl cynically pulls the midfielder back. The Gladbach captain becomes the first name in the referee's book for his tactical foul.,2

Joelinton is the third Newcastle to be shown a yellow card as he brings Saka down just outside the box.,2

LASK are making a late double change here. Renner is the first to go off, with Bello on in his place.,0

SALAH SCORES! Renner is caught on the ball by Nunez, and he drags it away from the wing-back before squaring it to Salah on the right of the box. It looks like the angle is going to be against him, but he slots his shot through Lawal's legs and into the far bottom corner. 3-1 Liverpool!,1

LASK are making a double attacking change here as they look to get back into this game. Havel is the first to go off, with Mustapha on for him.,0

DIAZ SCORES! Liverpool have turned this game around! The visitors break quickly, with Nunez bringing down the long ball and helping it out to Elliott. He knocks it out to Gravenberch on the right, and he fizzes a low cross into the middle for Diaz, who just deftly flicks it past Lawal into the back of the net. 2-1 Liverpool!,1

Liverpool are making a triple change as they look to capitalise on their momentum. Doak is the first to go off, with Szoboszlai on for him.,0

NUNEZ SCORES! It's a confident penalty from the Uruguayan as he fires it down the left of the goal. Lawal dives the right way, but Nunez got enough height on the strike to take it over him and into the back of the net. 1-1!,1

Ziereis is protesting his innocence, but he didn't get anywhere near the ball and was late with the challenge on Diaz.,2

A third name goes into the referee's book in as many minutes. It's Bajcetic on the receiving end as he sticks out a leg to trip Renner.,2

The yellow card is out again, this time for Havel, who raced across to clip the back of Bajcetic's heels.,2

Konate isn't happy that a few decisions have gone against him, and he's making that frustration clear to the referee. He's booked for dissent.,2

FLECKER SCORES! The resulting corner is taken by Horvath and floated straight out to the edge of the box where Flecker is completely unmarked. He controls it with a lovely first touch before firing a shot on goal. It's a wonderful strike that's rifled straight through the crowd in the box, and Kelleher can't get close to it. 1-0 LASK!,1

RED CARD FOR AZPILICUETA! Chelsea down to 10 men! The Blues skipper is given his marching orders as he reacts to Grealish's foul by pushing his hand into the face of the Villa talisman. Contact was minimal and Grealish certainly made the most of it, but that was irresponsible from the Spaniard.,3

CHILWELL!!! 2-1! Hope for Chelsea! Following a lovely move down the right side, Pulisic plays a neat one-two with Ziyech before crossing. Although Werner does not connect, Chilwell arrives late at the far post and his volley is over the line before Martinez claws it out.,1

EL GHAZI!!! 2-0 VILLA! Breathing space for the hosts as El Ghazi steps up and calmly sends Kepa the wrong way.,1

Chelsea make a change in goal at the break with Kepa Arrizabalaga replacing Mendy, who injured himself while attempting to save Villa's first goal.,0

Werner has his name taken for a foul on Traore. Chelsea's frustrations are in danger of boiling over here.,2

TRAORE!!! 1-0 VILLA! The hosts lead against the run of play! The former Chelsea man is unmarked as he meets Targett's low corner into the box. Although he scuffs his first-time shot into the ground, it loops over the dive of Mendy and goes in off the crossbar.,1

DYBALA GETS HIMSELF A GOAL! 4-1! Musso is furious with his defence after a Danilo pass is allowed to casually roll between Udinese's centre-backs for Dybala to get onto. From there, a lovely scooped effort leaves the goalkeeper rooted to the spot as Juventus score a fourth!,1

UDINESE FIND THEIR BREAKTHROUGH! Molina’s clever work down the flank gets him free of his marker, allowing him to roll a low cross into the six-yard box for Nestorovski. His touch is poked away by Szczesny for Zeegelaar, who finishes with aplomb! 3-1!,1

Ramsey's match is over after 74 minutes, as the former Arsenal midfielder is replaced by Kulusevski. ,0

JUVENTUS FIND THEIR THIRD! Samir’s lazy pass in midfield is intercepted by Bentancur, who immediately sends Ronaldo into the penalty area with a leading ball. The Portugal international takes a touch to set himself before dispatching a low, side-footed effort into the bottom corner! 3-0!,1

De Ligt slides into a rash challenge in midfield in order to prevent a counter-attack, but he catches his man and receives a yellow card for the tackle.,2

CHIESA MAKES IT 2-0! Just a minute after seeing his strike at goal saved, he finds the back of the net - latching onto a throughball from Ronaldo hit with the outside of his foot and sending a left-footed effort past Musso at the far corner!,1

Udinese make a change at half-time, as Pussetto is recalled to the bench after sustaining an injury at the end of the first half. Forestieri is his replacement.,0

An awkward tackle from McKennie inside Udinese’s half lands the United States international in hot water with the referee - he’s booked for the infringement. ,2

JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! Ramsey pokes possession away from De Paul following a lax throw-in, which plays Ronaldo into the penalty area. From there, the Portugal international cuts inside and smashes a strike high into the net! 1-0!,1

The first yellow card of the match goes the way of Chiesa, who can’t believe his luck. There appeared to be a bit of hand-fighting between the winger and Lasagna - with the Juventus player deemed the responsible party. ,2

Zakaria picks up the first yellow card of the match after cynically clattering into Kroos from behind when seeking to contest an aerial duel.  ,2

The away side’s final change sees Herrmann come on for Thuram. There are five minutes of normal time left to play and it remains 2-0. ,0

Zidane turns to his bench for the first time in this match as Arribas replaces Rodrygo. It remains 2-0. ,0

Asensio also enters the fray in place of Vinicius Junior. There are 16 minutes of normal time left to play. ,0

Rose turns to his bench at the break in an effort to get Gladbach back into the game in the second half. Wendt makes way for Lazaro. ,0

GOAL! Los Blancos double their lead! Some clever link-up play results in Rodrygo advancing down the right wing. The winger curls an inch-perfect cross into the box, which Benzema steers beyond Sommer from close range. 2-0. ,1

GOAL! Madrid take an early lead! After regaining possession in the centre of the park, Vazquez advances down the right flank. The full-back floats an inviting cross towards the penalty spot, and Benzema rises highest to nod it into the top-left corner and beyond Sommer. 1-0. ,1

WILLOCK MAKES IT FOUR! 4-1! Pepe cuts through the Molde defence with an incisive throughball and Willock capitalises on the opportunity by taking a touch before slamming a powerful finish into the roof of the net from 12 yards!,1

Ellingsen is replaced by Mostrom after an exciting display, punctuated by the wonderful opening goal.,0

PEPE MAKES IT THREE! 3-1! Saka makes an immediate impact by overlapping down the left before cutting it back to Pepe from the byline, allowing the attacker to slot in a driven finish from 12 yards!,1

Arsenal make a double substitution to refresh their side. First of all, Maitland-Niles is replaced by Cedric at right-back.,0

MOLDE TAKE THE LEAD! Almost out of nothing, Ellingsen finds a little space 25 yards from goal and he bends a curling shot from distance that beats Leno and nestles in the bottom far corner!,1

Torregrossa is through on goal and Vidal slides in from behind to stop the run. He brings down the player, gives away a free-kick and is shown a yellow card.,2

The yellow card is out again here and it's shown to Correa this time for a late tackle on Torregrossa.,2

Dzeko doesn't get anywhere near the ball as he steps across Candreva and he has his name taken by the referee.,2

Silva tries to keep hold of the ball and ends up catching Dzeko with a late challenge which earns him a yellow card.,2

It's a late one from Colley as he slides in on the back of Dumfries and the referee goes straight to his pocket for the yellow card.,2

There's a double change for Sampdoria here and Auguello will be going off after going down with cramp a minute ago. Murru is on in his place.,0

Bereszynski slides in on Calhanoglu, completely missing the ball, and the referee goes straight to his pocket for the yellow card.,2

Inter are making a double change here as they look to restore their lead for a third time. Brozovic is the first to make way, with Vidal on for him.,0

WHAT A GOAL! At first it looks like Bereszynski has sliced the cross into the box as it swerves away from goal but Augello is unmarked at the far post. He hits the shot on the volley and it flies straight over Handanovic and into the roof of the net. 2-2! ,1

MARTINEZ SCORES! Damsgaard loses out to Calhanoglu and he slides it through to Barella. He whips a great cross in from the right and Martinez doesn't have to break stride as he hits the shot on the volley and fires it into the back of the net. 2-1 Inter! ,1

Thorsby slides in on the back of Dzeko, and he takes out the player as well as getting a touch on the ball which earns him a booking.,2

SAMPDORIA EQUALISE! Candreva's corner is flicked on by Brozovic before Colley heads it back into the middle of the box. Perisic tries to clear it, but only gets it as far as Yoshida. His shot takes a deflection off the inside of Dzeko's leg which wrongfoots the keeper and sends it into the bottom corner. 1-1! ,1

Brozovic is late as he slides in on Candreva and he completely misses the ball as he brings the winger down. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

DIMARCO SCORES! It's a wonderfully taken free-kick by the defender inside the D as he curls his shot around the outside of the wall and right into the top-left corner of the net. Audero is stretching, but he has no chance of reaching it and Inter are 1-0 up! ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! ALONSO DOES IT AGAIN!!!!! 2-2!!!!! Chelsea are back in the game as Alonso heads home from close range. Pedro collects an offload on the edge of the box and shoots with power at goal. Ramsdale produces a fine stop, but the ball drifts in the direction of Alonso. The Spaniard powers his header towards the net and bursts through the right hand of the Bournemouth keeper into the net. It had been coming, and a big five minutes awaits the home side now.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! KING CONVERTS FROM CLOSE RANGE!!!! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH!!!! The home side complete a second-half comeback to take the lead. Billing releases Stacey down the right flank and he rolls a low ball across the face of goal. Wilson fails to score, but King is right behind him and sends it into the net. What a turnaround from the hosts.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! LERMA EQUALISES!!! 1-1!! Bournemouth are back in the game courtesy of a headed effort from Lerma. Fraser swings a corner from the right into a dangerous area at the near post. Lerma rises above Kovacic to power his effort towards the net. Caballero gets two hands to it, but he cannot keep it out. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! ALONSO HAMMERS HOME!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!! The Blues take the lead as Alonso converts at the back post. James plays a one-two with Jorginho down the right flank to open up space for a cross. Giroud gets ahead of Ake at the near post, but his strike clatters off the bar. The ball bounces out into the left inside channel where Alonso gets over it and sends a rocket into the top-right corner.,1

Klopp makes his final substitution of the match as Keita comes on to replace Salah for the final few minutes.,0

Fabinho is the first player to receive a yellow card after cynically bringing down Ashimeru from behind. He can have no complaints with that decision.,2

Salzburg react to going behind by making their second change of the game with Okugawa replacing Szoboszlai.,0

GOAL! Liverpool lead again! Fabinho hooks the ball high into the air following a tackle, and Firmino is able to flick it on from the edge of the box. Salah is quickest to react and curls a left-footed effort into the bottom left corner from the penalty spot. 4-3.,1

Klopp responds to Salzburg drawing level by making his first change of the match. Milner comes on to replace Henderson will less than 30 minutes of normal time to play.   ,0

GOAL! It is all square! Minutes after coming on, Halaand gets on the end of Minamino’s cross from the right side of the penalty area before poking it into an empty net from only a few yards out. 3-3.,1

GOAL! Minamino pulls another one back! Hee-Chan skips away down the left wing before hanging a cross up for Minamino. From the edge of the area, the Japanese international fires the delivery beyond Adrian and into the bottom left corner. 3-2.  ,1

GOAL! Salzburg pull one back! After sloppily losing possession, Mwepu plays the ball into Hee-Chan down the left side of the area. The striker beats Van Dijk after cutting back onto his right foot before unleashing a fierce right-footed effort into the bottom right corner. 3-1.,1

GOAL! Salah makes it three! Mane gets away down the left before floating a cross in towards the near post. Firmino flicks the delivery towards goal, forcing a good save from Stankovic, but Salah is free in the box to fire in the rebound from a few yards out. 3-0.,1

GOAL! Robertson makes it two! Henderson picks the ball up in the centre of the park before laying it off to the right for Alexander-Arnold. The full-back lifts his head up before finding Robertson who had continued his run from deep, and the Scotsman pokes his finish beyond Stankovic from close range. 2-0.,1

GOAL! Liverpool lead! Firmino and Mane combine with some neat link-up play down the left side of the Salzburg penalty area, before the Senegalese winger slots his right-footed effort into the bottom right corner. 1-0.    ,1

GOAL! LIVERPOOL LEVEL IT UP! 1-1! What a parting gift from Firmino that is! Anfield roars his name as he rises and chops Salah's cross past Martinez at the right post. Game on!,1

Mings kicks high for a loose ball and catches Gakpo in the chest. He gets a yellow card for his efforts, but Liverpool want a red. VAR will take a look...,2

GOAL! ASTON VILLA SEIZE THE LEAD! 1-0! Now the visitors get their breakthrough! It's Ramsey with a diving header, after Liverpool fail to clear their box, ghosting between two defenders to slot it in at the left post. Terrific stuff!,1

It is a yellow card for Konate after his challenge on Watkins too, having conceded the penalty. The latter will take the spot-kick.,2

NUNEZ SCORES! After a lengthy VAR check, Nunez is awarded the goal! Initially, he looked like he had just strayed offside, with Kim stepping back in, but Di Lorenzo was slow to get back in line with the rest of the defence. He was just playing Nunez onside when Van Dijk thumped his header on goal. Meret spilled it, allowing Nunez to tap in from very close range at the near post to seal the win for Liverpool. 2-0!,1

Before the resulting corner can be swung in, the referee's whistle goes as Nunez shoves Raspadori twice before catching him on the head. He picks up a needless yellow card.,2

Liverpool are making their final changes here. Firmino is the first to go off, with Carvalho on for him.,0

SALAH SCORES! Tsimikas whips a dangerous corner into the box and Nunez towers over everyone else in the middle. He heads it down the middle and Meret spills it but just manages to prevent the whole ball from crossing the line. He scrambles it away, leaving Salah to tap it in from close range. The keeper pushes it away again, but that time it did go in. 1-0 Liverpool!,1

Van Dijk fired a pass meant for Alexander-Arnold straight out of play, and he kicks the ball back onto the field to stop Napoli from taking a quick throw-in. He's booked for time-wasting.,2

Napoli are making their first change of the game as they look to try and get a winner. Politano is taken off, with Lozano on in his place.,0

Milner had already tried to bring Lobotka down, and Konate does the job by sliding on in him from behind. It's a poor tackle and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Di Francesco also takes the chance to make a double substitution. Juventus loanee Jorge, one of three at Frosinone from the Bianconeri, is introduced for Reinier.,0

After scoring arguably one of the greatest San Siro goals, Dimarco comes off to rapturous applause. Augusto is the man to replace the Inter wing-back.,0

Inzaghi brings off Calhanoglu, who scored his fifth spot-kick of the Serie A season in this game. Sensi will get a late cameo for the hosts.,0

The referee brandishes the first yellow card of the game to Milan's academy product Brescianini, who was late in a lunge on Acerbi.,2

After winning the penalty for Calhangolu's goal, Thuram makes way for Arnautovic, who returns from injury to feature here.,0

Dumfries, who made a mess of an earlier chance from Dimarco’s cross, comes off for De Vrij. That change will see Darmian move to right wing-back, allowing the Netherlands defender to slot in at centre-back.,0

Cuni has struggled to make an impact up top and trudges off for Napoli loanee Cheddira. The striker's introduction alongside Ibrahimovic will likely signal a change of formation to a four-man defence for the away side.,0

Ibrahimovic, the Bayern Munich loanee who assisted and scored against Empoli last time out, comes on for Lirola.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 2-0 INTER! After Thuram is felled inside the area by Monterisi, Calhanoglu steps up to the penalty spot. The Turkey playmaker makes no mistake, stroking his right-footed spot-kick into the bottom-right corner. Turati is completely deceived and dives the wrong way. The Nerazzurri are in full control now.,1

WHAT A REMARKABLE GOAL! DIMARCO PUTS INTER 1-0 UP WITH AN INCREDIBLE STRIKE! San Siro and the Nerazzurri players cannot believe what they have just witnessed. Mkhitaryan plays a simple pass down the left-hand touchline for Dimarco. The wing-back crosses the halfway line and lets the ball run before smashing a first-time left-footed strike from well over 50 yards out. Turati backtracks and dives at full stretch but cannot keep the phenomenal effort out after being lobbed from just inside the Frosinone half. That must be the goal of the season in Serie A. What a way to break the deadlock.,1

Unfortunately for the visitors, Di Francesco’s side lose their captain before half-time. Mazzitelli limps off injured and Brescianini comes on. The substitute came through Milan's academy, so will want to get one over his former rivals.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! RODRI BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!!!! 1-0 CITY!!!!! Rodri gets the breakthrough for City to put Guardiola's men ahead. Akanji starts the move by releasing Silva in the inside-right channel and he cuts the ball back into the middle. It takes a deflection off Darmian, which prompts a penalty appeal. However, Rodri pounces on the loose ball and curls his effort past two men on the line into the back of the net.,1

Heartbreak for De Bruyne as he is forced off early in a second Champions League final. Foden replaces the Belgian.,0

WILSON SCORES! It's a confident spot-kick from Wilson and he hits the penalty with a lot of power. He drills it low into the bottom-left corner and even though Lloris went the right way, he couldn't stop it from crossing the line. 1-1!,1

Lewis sticks out an arm to stop Doherty from getting into the box from the right and picks up a booking as well as giving away a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Spurs are making a change at the start of the second half and it's Bergwijn coming on to replace Son.,0

Shelvey slides in on Lo Celso from behind and takes out the player, despite getting a slight touch on the ball. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2

SPURS LEAD! It's a great cross from Kane and Lo Celso slides in at the near post but misses it. Lucas drifts away from Ritchie at the far post and fires his shot into the empty net. 1-0 Spurs! ,1

Final change for Everton now, and it's a defensive one as Dyche looks to see out the win. Iwobi goes off, with Mykolenko on for him.,0

Onana has gone down and it looks like he's struggling with the facial injury he picked up at the end of the first half. He goes off to be replaced by Davies.,0

There's another double change for Brentford. Hickey is the first to make way, with Wissa replacing him.,0

Brentford are making a double change as they look to get themselves back into this game. Jensen is the first to go off, with Schade on for him.,0

Coleman's shot was blocked by Norgaard and the defender then slides in to stop him from breaking on the counter. The referee initially played the advantage, but now shows him a yellow card.,2

Gray is away through the middle again, and Norgaard takes one for the team by tripping him. He picks up the first booking of the game.,2

MCNEIL SCORES! What a start for Everton! They win it back deep in their own half and Coleman hooks it upfield. Iwobi squares it to Doucoure in the middle and he gets his head up to spot McNeil to his left. He takes his shot from the edge of the box, rifling it past Raya. With just 35 seconds on the clock, it's 1-0!,1

Taison makes a penetrating run into the Inter half before he finally gets brought down by Hakimi from behind. The full-back is booked and hands Shakhtar a free-kick in a dangerous position.,2

Gagliardini talks himself into the book, speaking out of turn to the referee. A needless one for the midfielder.,2

Armstrong becomes the eighth and final man to receive a caution for a challenge on Young in the dying moments.,2

Young is perhaps harshly handed a booking, having been adjudged to have fouled Gabbiadini, who proceeds to send the free-kick well over the bar.,2

A combative Lemina performance comes to a close. The experienced Davis is on to help see out what looks destined to be a draw.,0

There don't look to be any lasting effects for Lukaku as he jogs off without discomfort. Lingard is his replacement.,0

Rashford makes way for Martial after registering two assists in a match for the second time in his career.,0

Here comes Dalot! The Portuguese full-back is on for his Premier League debut, replacing a hobbling Shaw.,0

Vestergaard levels the yellow card count at three apiece after tripping McTominay with his trailing leg.,2

The tit-for-tat continues! Lemina puts his studs on the back of Pogba's leg and the referee is left with little option but to hand out a fifth yellow card of the match.,2

Pogba is carded after catching Lemina's ankle in response to the midfielder's strong challenge on Shaw. ,2

GOAL!! United are back on level terms! Rashford turns Vestergaard, speeds to the byline and is allowed to drag a cut-back into the path of the onrushing Herrera, who produces a classy flicked finish at close range. All of a sudden it's 2-2 at St Mary's.,1

GOAL! Chalk that up to the commentator's curse! Rashford wins the ball back in a good area, slips a pass through Stephens' legs and Lukaku buries the finish in a one-on-one. Southampton's lead is trimmed. 2-1.,1

GOAL!! Southampton are flying! Cedric curls a wonderful free-kick beyond the outstretched De Gea and into the top-left corner to double his side's advantage. United have work to do at 2-0 down.,1

GOAL!! It's Armstrong again! Having notched a brace at Fulham last weekend, the midfielder makes it three in two with an unerring low drive into the bottom-left corner from a tough angle. Southampton lead 1-0.,1

GOALLLL! THAT SEALS A BRILLIANT WIN FOR LEVANTE! De Frutos breaks on the counter as Oblak came forward for a late corner and fires a shot from the halfway line into the empty net! ,1

Morales makes way for Vukcevic after a brilliant performance. His goal is still the difference as we enter the final 10 minutes.,0

Cardenas is booked for time wasting as Lopez looks to make another couple of substitutions as we enter the final 20 minutes.,2

Gimenez is replaced by Lemar as the defender is unable to continue. It looks as though he picked up a knock on his ankle. Simeone opts to go for a more attacking change in the hope to get a goal back sooner rather than later. Atletico have now switched to four at the back.,0

Vezo picks up the first booking of the match after a late tackle on Joao Felix. Vezo will miss the next match for Levante after picking up his fifth booking for the season.,2

PERISIC DOUBLES INTER'S LEAD! Cedric has the initial shot from a tight angle on the right and the keeper makes a great save to deny him in the top corner. His save only goes as far as Perisic who is waiting in the middle of the box though and Semper can't get close to his effort as he fires it into the back of the net. 2-0 Inter!,1

Di Carlo makes his final change of the game now as well as he brings on Pellissier in place of Vignato. ,0

Icardi has had a fairly quiet game and he is replaced by Martinez for Spalletti's final change of the game.,0

RIGONI IS SENT OFF! He catches Gagliardini with a late challenge as he makes a darting run down the left and the referee is very quick to go to his pocket to produce a yellow card. He starts walking off the field as soon as he sees it as it's his second yellow of the game. ,3

It looks like Politano won't be able to carry on after that earlier injury and Candreva has come on to replace him. ,0

POLITANO PUTS INTER AHEAD! The ball is bouncing around and Politano is the first to react as it rolls into a lot of space. He takes it around the defender with his first touch and then takes his shot from outside the box. It rebounds off the inside of the near post before rolling into the back of the net. 1-0 Inter!,1

Cutrone does come on for Piatek now. The substitute scored the winner when these two teams met earlier in the season.,0

Paqueta leaves the pitch after another bright performance. Castillejo will see out the closing stages of this game.,0

Bakayoko fouls Pellegrini but it's Kessie who receives the yellow for dissent. This referee does not like any back-chat.,2

Paqueta surges into the Roma half before Pellegrini desperately tries to bring him down. The Italian midfielder resorts to a trip with his hands while on the floor and gets a yellow for it.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL! What a response from Roma, as Zaniolo smashes home after the first attack of the half! The ball ricocheted off several players on its way from Karsdorp's cross to the youngster, but they won't care. 1-1...,1

GOOOOAAAL! Piatek's red-hot start at Milan continues! Paqueta wriggles away on the left before drilling a cross towards the Pole, who gets in front of the Roma defence to steer home. That's his 22nd goal in all competitions this term. 1-0 Milan.,1

Another yellow card goes to Roma, this time for Zaniolo as Milan grow into this game. The youngster arrives late on Bakayoko and gives the referee an easy decision.,2

Manolas earns the game's first yellow card. A poor first touch from the Greek on the halfway line allowed Kessie to pounce. The Roma defender then saw fit to bring him down.,2

Lyanco hauls down Zaha with both arms as he skips past him on halfway. There has been a mountain of cynical challenges in this game. Lynaco is another name put into the referee's book. ,2

Olise flicks the ball beautifully over the head of Salisu, so his opposite man absolutely clatters into him with his whole body. It's one of the most obvious bookings you'll see. ,2

Tomkins hacks down Tella as he's beaten for pace on the counter-attack. He's been run ragged at times here, and goes into the book. ,2

Livramento pulls back Zaha as he's beaten for pace, and it's a simple decision for the referee to put him in the book. ,2

GOAL! 2-2! Zaha feeds Edouard in the box and he turns smartly, before sending an effort towards goal. The keeper gets a touch on it, but the ball stays in play, and  Ayew is following in to slam it home from a narrow angle. ,1

2-1! Great goal! Gallagher gives the ball away cheaply in midfield straight to Broja. The striker spins, and lashes the ball into the bottom corner from 25 yards out! What a turnaround here!,1

WHAT A HIT! He's so deadly from there! Ward-Prowse whips the free-kick over the wall and it curls into the top left-hand corner, just out of Butland's reach. 1-1!,1

GOAL! 1-0 Palace! It's the first time Palace have their foot on the ball in this game, and they make it count! Hughes wins the ball with a crunching challenge in midfield, and Edouard races towards the Saints backline and slips it left to Zaha. He shifts it nicely onto his right foot and rifles home into the near corner. ,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! DUARTE SCORES THE EQUALISER!!!!! 1-1!!! Vitoria get a deserved equaliser as Duarte finds the net with an acrobatic effort. Edwards runs down the right flank and stands up a cross into the middle. Rochinha heads across goal and he finds Duarte. The striker lifts himself off the ground and directs his overhead kick into the back of the net, somehow squeezing it through the crowd of yellow shirts on the line.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MUSTAFI HEADS ARSENAL IN FRONT!!!! 1-0!! The Gunners take the lead from a set-piece as the German rises to convert with a header at the back post. Pepe puts the ball on the money with a precise delivery, curling away from Douglas. Mustafi rises unchallenged and he directs his header across goal where the ball rolls into the bottom-left corner.,1

Lobete enters the action to replace Sorloth. He scored the winner against Mallorca last time out. Can he do it again today?,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SUAREZ SCORES FROM THE SPOT!!!! 2-2!!! It's all square at the Wanda Metropolitano as Atletico rally from a two-goal deficit for the second time in a week. Suarez fires his right-footed strike low and hard into the bottom-right corner, sending Remiro the wrong way.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SUAREZ GETS ONE BACK FOR ATLETICO!!!!! 2-1!!!!!!! The home side are back in the game as Suarez directs a close-range header past Remiro. Joao Felix does well down the left flank as he angles a dangerous cross into the box. Suarez drifts behind Le Normand and is on hand to guide his header into the bottom-right corner. Game on.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! ISAK DRILLS HIS EFFORT PAST OBLAK!!!! 2-0 SOCIEDAD!! The visitors double their advantage through a fine strike from a free-kick from Isak. He fires his effort with power around the wall towards the bottom-right corner. It bounces awkwardly in front of Oblak and travels past his hands into the back of the net. What a start to the second half for Sociedad.,1

Zaldua pulls Joao Felix back by the waist as he tries to break forward down the left flank. He protests his innocence, but the referee pulls out the yellow card.,2

Isak escapes the attention of Felipe and looks to burst upfield. The defender has to slide in from behind to stop him and goes into the book.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SORLOTH FIRES SOCIEDAD AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!! The visitors take the lead from their first attack. Merino works the ball to Isak on the right flank and he threads a perfect pass to open up the Atletico defence for Sorloth. The forward beats Oblak to the ball and slots his left-footed effort into the middle of the net. A fine start for Sociedad.,1

Reyna gets the chance for a late cameo appearance as he replaces Haaland, who has proved his fitness on return from a muscular injury by grabbing a brace in the final.,0

Hummels goes in far too late on Forsberg and becomes the next name in referee Brych's growing list of cautions.,2

GOOOOOALLLL! 4-1 DORTMUND! Haaland clears with his head on the edge of his own area. Reus hooks out to Sancho to launch the counter-attack and the Englishman goes flying down the right flank. Sancho reaches the edge of the area, teeing up Haaland, who slips as he shoots with his left foot, deflecting the ball off his right foot and towards goal. Courtesy of the Norwegian’s slip, Gulacsi goes the wrong way and the unusual attempt ends up going into the back of the net! That will confirm the victory and trophy for Terzic’s men.,1

Olmo reacts angrily to Hazard’s foul and throws the Belgian on the floor. Referee Brych has no option but to show the Spaniard a yellow card and he rightfully does so.,2

Sancho rushes to the defence of Hazard, shoving Olmo and shaking his finger in the face of the Spanish midfielder. Referee Brych also decides Sancho has crossed the line and books the Englishman too.,2

GOOOOOOALLLL! 3-1! Guerreiro gets his clearance all wrong on the edge of the area, rolling to Forsberg, who plays to Nkunku. The forward takes a touch around Akanji, teeing up Olmo, who cannons a left-footed strike into the top left corner at the first time of asking. Burki rushes across but he can get nowhere near it to stop Leipzig from pulling one back.,1

Mukiele, who was a bright spark in the first half, wanders off from right wing-back with Laimer the man to replace him.,0

Dahoud chops at Olmo's heels and becomes the fourth booking of the game for a needless foul on the left flank.,2

Nagelsmann doesn't hang about as he makes a double change at half-time, the first of which sees Poulsen replace Sorloth.,0

For Upamecano's late tackle on Haaland in the build-up to the third goal, the centre-back joins Can and Bellingham in the book.,2

GOOOALLLL! 3-0 DORTMUND! Haaland invites the tackle of Upamecano and the centre-back clatters into him. The referee plays advantage, however, as Dahoud releases Reus over the halfway line. The German forward goes one-on-one with Gulacsi before squaring to Sancho to the right of goal. The Englishman takes a touch to dance around Halstenberg and then taps into an empty net from inside the six-yard box to double his account and extend Dortmund’s lead. The assistant initially flags for offside against Reus but VAR confirms the goal can stand as Halstenberg was playing him onside.,1

GOOOOOOALLLLLL! 2-0 DORTMUND! Haaland powers into the area to the right of goal, knocking Upamecano out the way before cutting inside and sliding a left-footed finish into the bottom left corner. Initially, Reus intercepted in midfield, racing forward before rolling into the Norwegian forward, who does the rest by bullying the centre-back and finishing past Gulacsi.,1

A loose ball cannons around outside Leipzig's area and Bellingham flies into a sliding tackle on Kampl. The Englishman looks to have made a clean tackle but the referee sees it differently, suggesting Bellingham's force was excessive and he decides to caution the midfielder. Can and Bellingham are now both on bookings after just 25 minutes of the final.,2

GOOOOOOALLLL! 1-0 DORTMUND! Reus dispossesses Kampl on the right-hand side and finds Haaland through the middle. The Norwegian offloads to Dahoud, who immediately works it out to the left of the area. Sancho takes a touch inside before curling a right-footed strike perfectly into the bottom right corner. Gulacsi scrambles across but he can’t stop the Englishman from opening the scoring here.,1

De Marcos is cautioned for pulling back on Guiu, who has not only changed the game since his introduction but frustrated the Athletic defenders, too.,2

Perhaps still rushed with adrenaline, Guiu lunges into Simon with a late sliding tackle and is shown a yellow card to go with his opening goal.,2

GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! GUIU OPENS THE SCORING WITH HIS FIRST TOUCH! The 17-year-old cannot believe his fortune after coming to the Blaugrana’s rescue and putting the hosts 1-0 up. Martinez plays into the feet of Joao Felix before the Portugal international slots through for Guiu, who slides a right-footed finish under the onrushing Simon. The Athletic goalkeeper gets a touch but cannot stop the shot from rolling into the back of an unguarded net. A dream moment for the substitute who scores with his first involvement for Barcelona’s senior side!,1

After another energetic performance at both ends of the pitch, Balde also trudges off for Alonso to take his left-back spot.,0

The impressive Nico Williams is replaced by Berenguer. That leaves just his brother, Inaki Williams, on the pitch now.,0

Xavi has seen enough and makes a double change. The first of which sees Araujo replace Christensen at centre-back.,0

Romeu commits the most obvious foul of the game, dragging back on Sancet's shirt to stop the counter-attack down the middle. Unsurprisingly, the Barcelona midfielder joins team-mate Gavi in the referee's book.,2

Garcia smashes into Romeu with a late lunge, catching the Barcelona midfielder high on his right boot. The referee shows the Athletic player a yellow card for his ill-timed tackle.,2

Yuri is down once again and the left-back’s game is over. Valverde sends on Lekue to replace the full-back.,0

Gavi is shown the first yellow card of the game for pulling back Sancet as Athletic looked to counter-attack from Barcelona’s first corner on the left-hand side.,2

GOAL! Clark makes it 2-1! Arsenal's wait for a clean sheet this season continues as Fernandez's cross from the right finds his centre-back partner Clark, who powers a header in off Cech, who just couldn't keep it out! Game on! ,1

Emery also makes his final change, bringing Ramsey off for the hard-working Welbeck, who slots in on the left, allowing Ozil to come into the centre and seeing Mkhitaryan switch to the right.,0

Mkhitaryan is now introduced, and will replace Aubameyang on the left. Perhaps at 2-0 up, Emery doesn't feel the need for two strikers any longer.,0

GOAL!! Ozil doubles the Gunners' lead! It's 2-0 now, and it's an important goal for Arsenal. Monreal and Xhaka work it down the line between them, and the latter's cut-back finds Lacazette in space inside the box. His shot is charged down, but it falls to Ozil, who passes it into the bottom-left corner. Dubravka gets a hand to it again, and maybe should do better. ,1

GOAL!! Xhaka opens the scoring! It's 1-0 to the Gunners with the first shot on target of the game so far! Torreira and Xhaka stood over the free-kick, but it was the Switzerland midfielder who took it and powered it into the top-right corner! Dubravka got a touch, but just couldn't keep it out!,1

Lascelles, who looked to be struggling with a little injury in the first half, is replaced by Clark at half-time.,0

CUADRADO SCORES AGAINST HIS FORMER CLUB! 1-0 JUVENTUS! The substitute bails out his side in a big way, stepping into the penalty area on the right and working a yard of space ahead of Biraghi, who was tasked with defending him. The winger drives to the byline and fires a shot that squeezes in-between the goalkeeper and the near post!,1

RED CARD! Chiesa goes on a slaloming run through midfield, attacking the space with pace and directness. Milenkovic feels he has no other choice but to stick a leg out and bring down the former Fiorentina forward, though he’d already been booked previously! The referee shows the defender a second yellow card and the visitors will be down to 10 men for the final 17 minutes!,3

Milenkovic's sliding tackle in midfield catches McKennie right in front of the referee. It's a yellow card for the Fiorentina defender. ,2

Hughes' ill-advised sliding challenge takes him through the back of Neves and earns the substitute a yellow card.,2

Kilman is withdrawn with 11 minutes to go as Chiquinho is sent on for his second Premier League appearance.,0

With just over 20 minutes remaining, Crystal Palace make a change at striker. Benteke is introduced to see out the remainder of the match with Mateta making way.,0

Gallagher is shown a yellow card for bringing Hwang down during a counter-attack following a cleared Crystal Palace corner.,2

NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! 2-0 PALACE! Zaha steps up and absolutely lashes his penalty into the top corner - beating Sa, who had guessed correctly!,1

Confirmation of the enforced change as Hoever is unable to run off his hamstring injury. Jonny is chosen to replace him.,0

PALACE TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Gallagher slips a lovely pass in-behind Andersen for Zaha, who latches onto it and beats his man for pace before driving to the byline and putting a low cross into the near post. Mateta continues his run and manages to fluff a shot that loops up and over a sprawling Sa. With the goalkeeper on the ground and the ball not yet over the line - the striker loops around and bundles it home emphatically!,1

GOAL!!! CUNHA REDUCES THE ARREARS!!! The former Atletico Madrid man gets up well to meet Neto's delivery from the left before heading goalwards. Johnstone does get a hand to it but cannot stop the ball going in, and it is now 3-2 to Palace. Can Wolves pull off the dramatic late comeback?,1

GOAL!!! EDOUARD MAKES IT 3-1!!! It is a brilliant team goal, as Edouard plays the ball to Mateta outside the box. The substitute's clever flick then gives possession back to Edouard, who finishes into the bottom left corner to surely put the game beyond Wolves' reach.,1

Last weekend's hero Kalajdzic is on in place of Gomes as O'Neil looks to haul his side back into the game.,0

GOAL!!! EZE RESTORES PALACE'S LEAD!!! Ward lofts a delivery into the Wolves box, and Mateta is able to divert the ball into Eze's path off his back. The former Queens Park Rangers man latches onto it, before poking past Sa to put the hosts 2-1 up!,1

GOAL!!! WOLVES ARE LEVEL!!! It is the substitute Hwang who gets the equaliser. He meets Neto's free-kick delivery from the left, with the ball appearing to come off his shoulder rather than his head. He will not care a jot, though, as the ball flies past Johnstone and into the back of the net to make it 1-1. Game on!,1

GOAL!!! PALACE TAKE THE LEAD!!! Edouard scores for the second straight game in all competitions, nipping in front of Kilman to get on the end of Mitchell's cross from the left. He meets the delivery, poking past Sa to put the hosts 1-0 up!,1

Gomes goes in the book for cynically dragging back Eze after the Palace forward dispossessed him in midfield.,2

Ait-Nouri and Ayew clash after the Wolves man fouls the Palace forward, with the former receiving a booking for his part in the scuffle.,2

Semedo is perhaps unfortunate to receive a yellow card as Schlupp goes down near the corner flag under the full-back's challenge.,2

Fairly unusual from Wagner as he prepares a triple subsitution in stoppage time. Firstly, Billing is off for Williams. Perhaps the manager is feeling generous with appearance fees after a great performance from his team! More likely he wants some fresh legs to secure the win in the final moments. ,0

Neves caps off a poor performance with a yellow card, certainly an afternoon to forget for one of Wolves' star players. ,2

Nuno plays his final hand, Costa is off for Jota but it seems that the writing is on the wall for Wolves. ,0

THEY'VE GOT ANOTHER ONE! Mooy has his brace! He's whipped a low, right-footed shot towards the bottom corner and Patricio can't quite get enough on the ball to keep it out his net. 2-0 to the visitors and Wolves are in serious trouble here! Could Neves have done more on the end of the wall?,1

Secondly, Moutinho is off for Gibbs-White. The latter has looked bright in recent appearances and Moutinho didn't seem his usual self in the first half. ,0

Wolves are making a double change before we get started for the second half. Firstly, Cavaleiro is replaced by Traore.,0

Early booking for Smith, he's clattered Costa from behind needlessly and is punished adequately. Not a wise decision from the captain at this early stage.,2

GOOOALL! What a start, the Terriers have grabbed an early lead! Sensational finish! Finessed into the corner nonchalantly by Mooy with his right foot to make it 1-0.,1

GOOOOAALLLLL!! 3-2. MCGOLDRICK!!!! Game on at Bramall Lane! Fleck delivers a corner to the back post and Lindelof challenge McGoldrick in the air. The Swedish defender’s attempted clearance hits the back of the forwards head though and the ball lands in the bottom corner of the Manchester United goal. There was nothing Henderson could do with that one.,1

Fernandes gets a well deserved rest as Van de Beek takes his place in the Manchester United midfield.,0

Mousset joins the action at the expense of Jagielka. Wilder is obviously not willing to risk the defender getting another yellow card tonight and opts for an attacking switch. ,0

Jagielka is shown a yellow card for fouling a Manchester United player in the build up to their third goal. ,2

GOOAAAAALLLLL!!! 3-1 TO MANCHESTER UNITED. RASHFORD!!! Pogba rolls Fleck and Basham in midfield and the visitors are away. The ball is played through by Martial and Rashford strikes first time. His effort from 15 yards is strong but Ramsdale has to do better and keep that one out.,1

GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!! 2-1 TO MANCHESTER UNITED. MARTIAL!!!! The Red Devils have turned this one around. Pogba plays a lovely deft ball through to Martial who is denied by the onrushing Ramsdale with his first attempt but buries his second effort after the ball falls back to him. His calm finish from 10 yards gives the visitors the lead. ,1

GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! 1-1. RASHFORD!!! A long ball is played up by Lindelof which splits the Sheffield United defence and Rashford is suddenly in on goal. The forward takes a touch and then unleashes a wicked strike past Ramsdale from 20 yards out to the bottom left corner of the goal.,1

A tough break for Sheffield United as Berge is forced off with a muscular injury. Jagielka is his replacement as Basham moves into midfield..,0

GOOOOAALLLLLLL!!! 1-0 TO SHEFFIELD UNITED. MCGOLDRICK!!!! What a dream start for the hosts and what a shocking error that is from Henderson! The away side are playing the ball around the back and Henderson takes too long to distribute. The goalkeeper is charged down by Burke who blocks his pass and the ball lands for McGoldrick who converts from close range.,1

LIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Tsimikas wraps a right-footed cross to the far post looking for the run of Jota, who does just enough to remain onside before lunging at the delivery and steering it past Horvath with a toe!,1

Fabinho also makes way as the visitors make four alterations in one go. Thiago is sent on in his place.,0

Minamino's two goals won Liverpool their last FA Cup match against Norwich and he'll get a chance to settle the quarter-finals as well as he's brought on for Elliott.,0

Gomez receives the first yellow card of the match for pushing over Johnson on the left wing - giving Forest a free-kick in a dangerous location.,2

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES HIS SECOND WITH A CLOSE-RANGE BLAST!!!!! 3-0 BAYERN!!!! Lewandowski pounces on another rebound to fire home a third Bayern goal after Gnabry strikes the post. He holds his composure after Gnabry's blast from six yards rattles the woodwork. Lewandowski rounds a challenge from Pique before hammering an effort on his left foot past Ter Stegen into the back of the net. Clinical from the Pole.,1

Upamecano brings down Depay with a strong challenge when jostling for possession and goes into the book.,2

Balde replaces Alba down the left flank. The full-back had given everything this evening for the hosts.,0

Musiala leaves the field after an encouraging outing for the visitors. Gnabry replaces him in the final third.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! LEWANDOWSKI SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!!!! 2-0 BAYERN!!!!! The German side double their advantage as Lewandowski is alert from close range to poke the ball home after Musiala strikes the post. Bayern play their way through Barca in the middle of the park before Musiala latches on to a blocked strike. He hammers an effort towards goal that clatters off the right post. Lewandowski is first to react and stretches out his left boot to knock into an empty net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MULLER'S DEFLECTED STRIKE FINDS THE NET!!!!!!! 1-0 BAYERN!!!!! The visitors take the lead through Muller as he lines up a strike from 20 yards and it takes a massive ricochet off Garcia to find the net. The forward is afforded space and time on the edge of the Barca box, collecting a short pass from Sane. He goes for the shot and is rewarded for his attempt as it deflects off Garcia and wrongfoots Ter Stegen to roll over the line.,1

Dentinho goes into the book for Shakhtar after he seemed to sarcastically applaud the referee for a recent decision. ,2

Youngster Mudryk caught the eye this evening, but his night is over, with Solomon stepping onto the field of play.,0

GOAAALLL - REAL MADRID 2-1 SHAKHTAR DONETSK - He's done it again. Sheer class from Benzema and the build-up play was just as good. One-touch football galore from Ancelotti and Shakhtar were helpless as Vinicius Jr picked out Benzema. The former Lyon frontman was ready to pounce on the edge near the penalty spot, and he fired past Trubin with ease. Sublime play from the home side!,1

GOAAALLLL - REAL MADRID 1-1 SHAKHTAR - Fernando drills the ball into the top corner, and it's game on in Madrid. The home side failed to block a cross, allowing Alan Patrick to control the ball with his best. Thankfully, his knockdown fell to Fernando, and he made no mistake with his volley.,1

GOAAAALLLL - REAL MADRID 1-0 SHAKHTAR DONETSK - Ancelotti's men lead at home after some lacklustre defending from their Ukrainian opponents. Shakhtar tried to play it out from the back, but Trubin played Marlon Santos into trouble, and Vinicius Jr was on hand to snatch the ball away from them before teeing up Benzema. The Frenchman adjusted his feet before tapping into an empty net.,1

GOALLL! BROWNHILL SCORES! Burnley get a goal back, with Tottenham leading 5-2. Brownhill plays a fast one-two with Cullen and rushes past Van de Ven before blasting his shot past Vicario. He has been brilliant since coming on as a substitute.,1

Delcroix is shown a yellow card for tugging back Richarlison. That's Burnley's fourth yellow card of the game.,2

Maddison also makes his way off the pitch and claps the away fans. Royal is given the final few minutes to make an impression.,0

Tottenham make another change. Kulusevski makes his way off and is replaced by Skipp. The winger showed his quality during the game, but did not register a goal or assist.,0

Son makes his way off the pitch after scoring a hat-trick and is given a fantastic reception by the away crowd. Richarlison comes on looking to score his first Premier League goal of the season.,0

Koleosho has been excellent for Burnley on the left wing and does not deserve to be on the losing side. Larsen is given a chance to make an impression off the bench.,0

GOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR SON! 5-1 SPURS! What a day for the new Tottenham captain. Maddison plays a pass out to Porrot, who curls a pass behind the Burnley defence towards Son. The 31-year-old controls the ball well under pressure, before rolling his shot past Trafford.,1

GOALLL! SON SCORES AGAIN! 4-1 SPURS! Tottenham score their fourth of the game through Son. Solomon drives down the left and into the box before slotting a pass across to Son. He is free in the middle and crashes his effort past Trafford.,1

Amdouni has shown he has a lot of energy in the Burnley attack, but has not been as effective as Foster. He is replaced by veteran Redmond.,0

GOALLL! MADDISON SCORES! 3-1 SPURS! Maddison scores for the second consecutive game. Udogie wins possession and rolls a pass into the feet of the midfielder, who is in lots of space outside the box. He has time to touch the ball out of his feet before curling his shot into the corner. Trafford was given no chance.,1

Kompany has seen enough and has decided to make a couple of changes before the restart. Brownhill was a vital part of the side that won the Championship, and replaces Berge.,0

GOALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM ROMERO! 2-1 SPURS! The away side have turned the score in their favour. Maddison is tricky on the left and gets past a defender before sending a cross into the box. It bounces around before a clearance goes to the feet of Romero, who blasts his shot into the top corner. VAR checks for a possible offside, but the goal stands.,1

Gudmundsson is the first Burnley player to be shown a yellow card in this game. He is booked for a late tackle on Maddison.,2

Sarr is shown the first yellow card of the game after throwing the ball away. A poor booking for a midfielder who will be at the heart of all the action.,2

GOALLL! SON SCORES! 1-1! Captain Son scores his first goal of the season! Porro has possession on the right inside Tottenham's half and launches the ball over the top of Burnley's defence towards Son. The winger drives forward, playing a quick one-two with Solomon before chipping Trafford.,1

GOALLLL! FOSTER SCORES! 1-0 BURNLEY! What a start for the home side against Tottenham. Berge sends a pass down the left to Koleosho, who gets behind Porro and runs into the box. Koleosho then drags a low pass into the middle of the box, with Foster getting ahead of his man before poking his shot into the net.,1

GOAL! Guendouzi finishes the job for Arsenal! A half-hearted Qarabag attacking move comes to an end and the visitors immediately counter-attack. Lacazette heads towards the box before poking a pass over to Guendouzi, who then finds the bottom left-hand corner of the net with a smart finish. That's his first goal for the club!,1

GOAL! Arsenal have doubled their lead, and it's Smith Rowe with it! The visitors go long and manage to catch Qarabag out at the back. Iwobi latches onto a lofted pass and then sets up Smith Rowe, who sends a low shot straight through the legs of Vagner for his first ever Arsenal goal.,1

Arsenal have made a substitution during the break, with Monreal making way for Torreira. It looks as if the Gunners are going to revert to a back four.,0

Holding loses his footing over on the right wing and then deliberately handles the ball, leaving the referee with no choice but to book him.,2

Iwobi comfortably gets the better of Medvedev as he sprints down the left wing, but he's cynically pulled back by the defender and the referee has no option but to reach for his yellow card.,2

GOAL! Arsenal lead! The resulting corner is swung into the heart of the Qarabag penalty area and finds Monreal, whose downward header bounces off the thigh of Sokratis and into the back of the net. What a start!,1

Stuttgart follow suit. Zuber is replaced by Didavi. They'll just want to get straight to their next game now. ,0

Bayern know this is done as a contest and make their final change. Coman, who's played well today, is replaced by Davies.,0

GOAL! 4-1 Bayern, and it's Lewandowski who gets this one! The Polish striker picks up a pass from Kimmich and glides past several Stuttgart defenders, rounding Zieler and thrashing the ball into the net. He's only one goal off 100 at the Allianz Arena now.,1

Bayern win another corner down their right. Before Kimmich takes it, both sides take the opportunity to make changes. First, Donis is replaced by Thommy.,0

GOAL! 3-1, and Bayern look to have sealed this! From Kimmich's corner, Goretzka peels off his marker and powers a header into the net past Zieler! That should be that now.,1

Stuttgart win a free-kick after an Alaba foul. The Austrian gets the first yellow card of the game. Esswein's free-kick is headed out.,2

GOAL! What a stunning strike by Donis! Gentner angles a long ball towards the Greek who chests it down beautifullly. He cuts inside from an inside-left position and curls a shot in off the post from 20 yards. Neuer had no chance! 1-1, and Stuttgart are in this! ,1

GOAL! That didn't take long! Bayern work the ball to Coman, free on the right-hand side. He shoots but Zieler saves! Muller keeps the ball in play an crosses into the centre - Lewandowski fails to trap the ball himself but it falls to Thiago, who slots the ball calmly into the bottom-left corner. 1-0 Bayern.,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!!!! La Viola are heading for Europe!!! Gonzalez steps up to send Pinsoglio the wrong way, slot the penalty into the bottom-left corner, and put Fiorentina 2-0 up!! Seventh place is surely theirs now!,1

Duncan's goal separates the two sides going into the last five minutes, but he comes off now for Lucas Torreira.,0

Dybala is crowded out and dispossessed as he looks to create a shooting opportunity, and Fiorentina fly forward on the counter. Ikone taps the ball past De Ligt, but is floored by the Juve defender, who the referee promptly books.,2

The home crowd whistles as Kean comes off, but that's because former Fiorentina striker Dusan Vlahovic is the man to replace him!,0

Amrabat slides in wildly, and late, on Ake as the two go for a bouncing ball, and the yellow card is out immediately for the Fiorentina midfielder.,2

Bernardeschi comes off in Juve's latest change, and Marley Ake, who impressed in his cameo against Lazio, will replace him.,0

The battle between Rabiot and Venuti has been threatening to boil over for a while, and finally did there, with the Juve midfielder also booked for his involvement.,2

Bonaventura is felled in the box by Rabiot, and it looks a stone-wall penalty. Venuti isn't happy with the referee's decision to give a goal kick, and another fracas breaks out, with the referee booking the Fiorentina right-back.,2

Juve make some half-time changes, with Chiellini coming off for the final time to be replaced by Daniele Rugani.,0

In goal, Juve also make a change, withdrawing Perin for Carlo Pinsoglio to come on for the second half.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! La Viola hit the front!!! Bonaventura goes down in the box, but does extremely well to retain possession from a crowd of Juve players, spinning a pass out to Duncan who smashes it home!!! 1-0 to the hosts, and they sure do deserve that lead!,1

Kean is booked for his involvement in the fracas, as he was the one to initially push the Viola defender.,2

Julio did kick Kean late as the ball went out for a throw, and he's booked as a result by the referee.,2

GORDON IS SENT OFF!!! Newcastle will be forced to defend this lead over the remainder of the game with 10 men as Gordon receives his marching orders for kicking the ball away following a foul from his team. That wasn't the smartest move from the new England international, and it could come back to bite his team!,3

GOOOAAALLL!!! BARNES SCORES AGAIN!!! WHAT A COMEBACK!!! This has been a truly remarkable contest at St James' Park, and we may have just seen the winner. It's a goal worthy of clinching the points in any game and especially one the calibre of this, as Barnes receives the ball from Gordon, shifts onto his right foot before arrowing a delightful finish past the diving Fabianski and in. 4-3 to Newcastle!!!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! BARNES MAKES IT 3-3!!! Incredible scenes at St James' Park as Newcastle, who looked dead and buried in this game, equalise from two goals down. Isak plays a delightful throughball into the path of Barnes, who races onto it before placing a calm finish between the legs of Fabianski and in to level!,1

Gordon receives just about the most obvious yellow card ever as he hauls back Kudus, who wriggled away from the Newcastle man with quick footwork. Kudus had plenty of space to run into and options to his right, so Gordon won't be too unhappy to have picked up a booking there.,2

GOOOAAALLL!!! ISAK MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT AGAIN!!! The striker's penalty is a carbon copy of his first, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way and lashing into the bottom left corner to reduce West Ham's lead to 3-2!,1

Phillips, trying to play his way back into Gareth Southgate's plans for the upcoming European Championships, will get a chance to impress here as he comes on for Antonio.,0

Almiron, who has been a bright spark for Newcastle since coming on, is now forced off through injury. Barnes, who is just returning after missing time through injury himself, is on to replace him. The Magpies just really cannot catch a break.,0

Krafth, who only came on in the 17th minute for the injured Lascelles, goes off for Hall. There doesn't look to be an injury to the Swedish defender.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! BOWEN MAKES IT 3-1!!! From a Newcastle corner, the Hammers clear before Kudus brings the ball forward, then finding Bowen in acres of space. The winger bears down on goal, before firing a low finish past Dubravka and in to tighten West Ham's grip on this game!,1

Moyes makes a change between the sticks at the interval, as Fabianski comes on for Areola, who looked to be struggling in the latter stages of the first half.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! KUDUS LASHES WEST HAM 2-1 AHEAD!!! The visitors take a free-kick quickly, with Paqueta playing in Bowen down the right of the Newcastle box. The England international then cuts it back for Kudus, who thunders an effort into the back of the net to put the Hammers into the lead for the first time! The goalkeeper got a hand to it, but the power took it into the back of the net.,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! ANTONIO LEVELS FOR THE HAMMERS!!! It's really poor from the Newcastle defence as Krafth, fresh off coming on for Lascelles, fails to stay with the run of Antonio. It's far too easy for the visitors as Paqueta picks out the striker with a ball over the top, and Antonio keeps his composure to slot past Dubravka and into the back of the net. 1-1 at St James' Park!,1

Lascelles' race is run as he is forced to make way because of the injury sustained a moment ago. He limps off for Krafth.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! ISAK CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!! Cool as you like, the Swedish striker steps up, sends Areola the wrong way and places into the bottom left corner. What a start for the hosts, who lead 1-0 within six minutes!!!,1

Napoli make one final substitution in the closing stages of the game with Demme on for his fourth substitute appearance of the season, replacing Lobotka.,0

Spalletti opts to bring Ndombele on as well, as Lozano's number goes up on the fourth official's board.,0

Kvaratskhelia is brought off to loud applause, with the birthday man given an early rest. Raspadori will see out the remainder of the contest.,0

ELMAS MAKES IT THREE! The substitute gets to the edge of the penalty area and turns back to find Di Lorenzo, before turning with pace to get on the end of the full-back’s dinked pass. With time and space in the penalty area the substitute opts to lash a half-volley towards goal, beating a full-stretch Carnesecchi!,1

Osimhen comes short to receive possession and he’s charged through the back by Aiwu, who leaves a heavy challenge on the striker. It’s a yellow card for the centre-back, just the second of the fixture.,2

OSIMHEN MAKES IT TWO! 2-0! The leader in the Capocannoniere race adds his 17th goal of the season from two yards out, tapping the ball past Carnesecchi following a poorly defended corner. Di Lorenzo meets the delivery at the near post and forces a save from the goalkeeper, who parries it to the other side for Kim. The South Korea international has the presence of mind to square a pass with his head for Osimhen, who tucks it away!,1

KVARATSKHELIA GETS HIS BIRTHDAY GOAL! 1-0 NAPOLI! Lozano’s cross to the far post is not dealt with by Sernicola, who puts his clearing header just outside the penalty area on the byline. Kvaratskhelia keeps it in play cleverly before cutting inside and firing a low shot that catches the goalkeeper off guard!,1

Vasquez earns himself the first yellow card of the match for a cynical foul on his Mexico team-mate Lozano in an attempt to break up a counter-attack.,2

Udogie isn't going to be able to carry on, and he makes his way off the pitch with the medical team. Davies is on for him.,0

There are changes for both sides, starting with Bournemouth. Semenyo is going off with Brooks on for him.,0

Aarons is down after an off-the-ball incident with Perisic. The Croatian was being held off and he wasn't happy about it, so he pushed the full-back. He has hold of Aarons' shirt and catches him in the face. A VAR check sticks with the yellow card decision.,2

KULUSEVSKI SCORES! Udogie is afforded a lot of space down the left and he plays a one-two to get away from Aarons. He just manages to keep the ball in to square it into the six-yard box and none of the Bournemouth defenders tracks Kulusevski's late run as he darts in to poke it past Neto. 2-0 Spurs!,1

Spurs' first change of the game is a double one. Sarr is the first to make way, with Perisic on for him.,0

Richarlison tripped over the ball when it was played into him, and in his frustration, he lunges in to stop Zabarnyi's run. He's booked for it.,2

When the referee goes back to award the free-kick to Bournemouth, he also shows Bissouma a yellow card for the tackle.,2

Bournemouth are making a change at the start of the second half. It's Rothwell that's taken off, with Cook on in his place.,0

Richarlison has a free run down the right, but Kelly rushes across and slides in to stop him. He's late with the tackle though, and he's shown the first booking of the game.,2

MADDISON SCORES! Bournemouth just couldn't clear their lines and Bissouma wins it back. His first thought is to get it to Sarr, who threads a lovely throughball into the box. Maddison times his run perfectly to stay onside, and helps the ball past Neto and into the bottom corner, despite Neto getting a hand to it. 1-0 Spurs!,1

Alonso comes on last for Chilwell. Chelsea will be happy to wind the clock down for the remaining quarter of this game if they can't grab another goal or two.,0

Here come those Chelsea changes trailed earlier. Kante gets an early rest first. Saul comes on to marshal the midfield.,0

GOAL! CHELSEA 4-0 MALMO! Jorginho steps up and grabs his second goal of the game, firing high into the centre of the goal. Diawara had no chance of reaching the shot.,1

Larsson picks up a yellow card for his blatant foul on Rudiger. There's a short delay before the penalty's taken.,2

It's a yellow card for Christiansen and Mount will take this free-kick. Let's see if he can do better than his previous attempt in the first half.,2

GOAL! CHELSEA 3-0 MALMO! Chelsea give Diawara a torrid welcome in the torrential rain! Malmo get caught upfield and the hosts counter through Hudson-Odoi. The winger slips in Havertz who dinks the ball over the keeper into the far bottom corner.,1

Next to come off is Birmancevic who's made little impact on the game. Abubakari replaces him up front.,0

GOAL! CHELSEA 2-0 MALMO! Jorginho takes a confident run-up and smashes his penalty straight down the middle after sending Dahlin the wrong way. Chelsea are cruising already.,1

Nielsen is booked for his clumsy tackle on Lukaku who's still down receiving treatment. The striker soon gets up but is moving gingerly.,2

GOAL! CHELSEA 1-0 MALMO! Malmo don't clear the corner convincingly and Chelsea capitalise! The hosts keep the ball alive and Silva whips in a cross from the right. Christensen is still in the box to shin it it past the keeper!,1

GOOOAAALLL!!! Liverpool have another!!! Robertson races into the box from the left and plays a one-two with Firmino, and slides in to stab the ball beyond Ruddy to make it 3-1 to Liverpool!,1

GOOOAAALLLLL!!!! Liverpool have their goal!!! A Matip header from the corner is half-cleared off the line by Jimenez, but Matip heads it back to Salah, who prods home a crucial goal in this title race!!! 2-1 to the Reds, and it's going to be one hell of a final few minutes here!,1

Here he comes! The League's top scorer, and a current Liverpool legend, comes on, as Jota is replaced by one Mohamed Salah.,0

Matip tugs back Hwang as the Wolves forward looks to spark an early attack, and concedes a free-kick in a dangerous position, which he is booked for.,2

Thiago will not return for the second half through that unfortunate injury, and James Milner will replace him.,0

GOOOAAAALLLL!!! Liverpool equalise!!! Thiago brilliantly flicks Konate's pass into Mane's path, who drives into the box and slots it over the diving Sa and into the back of the net! They still need another to lead, but the Reds are back on track here, 1-1!!!,1

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLL!!!!!!! Wolves take the lead!!!! A long kick from Sa is brought down by Jimenez, and he smashes the ball across goal to an unmarked Neto who taps it home!!! An early twist in this game, which Wolves now lead 1-0!!!,1

GOALLLLLL!!! GIROUD FINDS THE NET ON THE SLIDE!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!!! The Blues score a second before the break as Giroud displays great desire to scoop his effort around Coady into the net. Pulisic starts the move with a burst forward before Mount takes over. He sends the Frenchman through on goal, and Giroud knocks the ball past the onrushing Patricio. There's still work to do as Coady gets back, but Giroud bustles past him and slides to connect with his left foot to guide the ball home.,1

GOALLLLLL!!!! MOUNT SCORES A STUNNER!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!! The Blues take the lead on the stroke of the interval courtesy of a fine free-kick from Mount. The midfielder bends his effort over the wall from the edge of the box and it curls away from Patricio into the left corner of the net. A super effort from the England man.,1

Mane is now off for Origi, who scored Liverpool's second and sealed their Champions League final win off the bench late on against these opponents last season.,0

GOAL!!! LIVERPOOL TAKE THE LEAD!! Henderson heads a throw-in to Salah, who turns and finds Firmino to his left. The Brazilian feints and sends Tanganga the wrong way before thumping an emphatic left-footed strike into the far corner! It's 1-0 to Liverpool!,1

Gomez sprints back to try and get to the ball ahead of Son, who is storming away to counter, but the defender gets there a little late and hacks the Spurs forward down, earning himself a yellow card.,2

Bakayoko replaces Krunic in midfield for Milan, with the latter having got through plenty of hard work in Bennacer's absence.,0

A frustrating shift for Leao comes to an end - on another day he could have had a hat-trick - as Rebic is thrown on for the closing stages.,0

An attacking switch indicates Palladino's desire to salvage something from this game, as a centre-forward Gytkjaer comes on for a defender, Marlon.,0

Monza make two further changes, with time ticking away. First, Rovella is replaced by Sensi in central midfield.,0

The bookings count climbs higher during a niggly second half, as Thiaw sees yellow for a foul on Mota.,2

Pioli decides fresh legs are needed to see this result over the line. The first substitution of a triple change sees Diaz replaced by De Ketelaere.,0

For leaving a little extra on Hernandez in a challenge by the touchline, Machin is shown a yellow card only minutes after coming on.,2

After seeing his own shot blocked, Rovella has to chase back and recover the ball. Diaz is escaping quickly on the counter, though, so a pull on the Milan man's jersey results in a booking.,2

Palladino blinks first, and introduces two substitutes on the hour mark. First, Petagna makes way for Machin.,0

Birindelli hits the deck in the box under challenge from Hernandez, but rather being awarded a penalty, the referee judges he dived. He receives a booking for simulation.,2

The referee doesn't hesitate to reach for his pocket, as Krunic crudely hacks down Pessina in midfield and receives a yellow card.,2

MILAN LEAD 1-0! It's been coming! With the ball bobbling around just inside Monza's area, nobody seems to be able to take control of the situation. Messias takes decisive action, though, as the Brazilian winger takes a touch to control it with his studs before swivelling and striking at goal: it finds the bottom corner via Di Gregorio's glove, and Milan go in front!,1

A reckless lunge from behind on Leao earns Marlon the game's first yellow card. That was a clear booking.,2

GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL! IT HAD TO BE HIM! MESSI MAKES IT 4-3 TO PSG! Incredible scenes at the Parc des Princes as PSG surely snatch a stoppage-time winner. Messi has been quiet throughout, but that free-kick always looked to be ideally placed for him, and he does the honours by whipping a curling effort off the inside of the right-hand post and in! It's cruel on Lille, but it's sensational from Messi!,1

David becomes the next man booked for Lille. Former Lille boss Galtier has also been cautioned, having been animated on the touchline throughout.,2

Baleba, meanwhile, is on for Cabella. Lille may have to settle for a point now as PSG rush to begin another attack.,0

GOAAAAL! IT'S 3-3 AS MBAPPE GETS HIS SECOND! Out of absolutely nowhere, PSG finally create a clear-cut chance, and it falls to the right man. Benat receives Verratti's well-timed pass before cutting back for Mbappe, who stretches to poke the ball into the bottom-left corner! We're all square again, and PSG's players rush back to the centre circle – they want a winner!,1

Mbappe goes into the book after catching Bamba with a late challenge. PSG are beginning to get frustrated as Lille slow the pace of the game.,2

PSG, having already been forced to withdraw Mendes and Neymar, are making a triple change. Zaire-Emery replaces Vitinha in midfield.,0

GOAAAAAAAL! BAMBA COMPLETES THE TURNAROUND! LILLE LEAD 3-2! This is absolutely remarkable, PSG are falling apart! Verratti concedes possession cheaply on halfway, allowing Andre Gomes to hoist a long ball in behind. Bamba reaches it first and catches Donnarumma out with a powerful drive from the right of the box, which flashes high into the net! What a goal!,1

Gudmundsson is introduced in place of Diakite, who scored Lille's first goal but was walking a tightrope after being booked in the first half.,0

Bamba goes into the book for stopping Verratti from taking a quick free-kick illegally on the right. The winger then gets into an animated discussion with the Italy midfielder, and with both men on a caution, they need to calm down.,2

DAVID CONVERTS! IT'S 2-2! Lille have come back from two goals down to level things up at the Parc des Princes! The award of the penalty may have been generous, but the visitors won't mind as David strokes the spot-kick into the bottom-right corner, sending Donnarumma the wrong way!,1

Verratti is booked for the foul as PSG's players surround the referee. He is not interested in their protests, however, and Lille have a chance to level things up...,2

Lille goalscorer Diakite becomes the first player booked for a foul on halfway after Lille waste their second corner.,2

Bernat replaces Mendes at left-back. Both teams have now lost a defender to injury after Fonte's earlier exit.,0

GOAL! LILLE GET ONE BACK, AND IT'S 2-1! Donnarumma could do nothing about that! Lille win a left-wing corner, which is worked short to Andre Gomes. His inswinging cross is met by the head of Diakite, and the defender glances a header into the bottom-right corner!,1

GOAL! PSG HAVE A SECOND AS NEYMAR TAPS HOME! Lille are all at sea as Neymar and Vitinha combine following a dummy from Messi. Chevalier looked to have claimed Vitinha's effort at the midfielder's feet, but the ball slips from his grasp and Neymar turns it into the empty net! 2-0!,1

GOAAL! MBAPPE PUTS PSG 1-0 UP! The hosts hit the front against the run of play, and what a goal it is from Mbappe. Having raced onto Neymar's pass, the France international faces up to Diakite and Djalo in the area. A wonderful piece of skill takes him between the two Lille defenders, and he calmly places the ball under the onrushing Chevalier!,1

Lopy only came on at half-time, but he is already back on the bench, with Flips now getting ten minutes to impress. ,0

GOAAAALLL - PSG 4-0 REIMS - Danilo Pereira grabs a rare goal as Mbappe's speed kills Reims at the back. The Frenchman raced past two tired defenders before playing in his team-mate, who timed his run to perfection. His strike took a wicked deflection on its way to goal off Faes, leaving Rajkovic helpless in the Reims goal.,1

GOAAAALLL - PSG 3-0 REIMS. Game, set and match as Verratti's shot finds a way past Rajkovic. Reims allowed PSG to take a short corner, which helped Messi pick out Verratti inside the box. The Italian raced into the area and aimed for goal, but a crucial deflection off Faes helped his effort find the back of the net. It's an own goal!,1

GOAAAALLLLL - PSG 2-0 REIMS - RAMOOSSSS - that could be enough for all three points for PSG. Reims failed to clear their lines from successive corners, and Ramos makes them pay. Danilo Pereira's near-post header was blocked, as was Ramos' first prodded effort, with Rajkovic flinging himself in the way. However, the ball trickled back into the path of Ramos, who smashed his strike into the back of the net. ,1

GOAAALLLL!!!! PSG 1-0 REIMS - Breakthrough!!! Finally, PSG gets their act together in the final third, and they open the scoring through Verratti. The midfielder floated into the box at the far post, and once Icardi's original shot had been blocked, he pounced to fire home, with the frame of the goal helping his effort find the back of the net.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! BENZEMA SURELY SECURES THE WIN!!!! 2-0 MADRID!!!!! Benzema produces a clinical finish from Camavinga's cutback. The Frenchman bursts down the left flank and spots the run of his team-mate in the middle. Benzema takes a brilliant first touch before hammering his right-footed strike past Masip.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BENZEMA CONVERTS!! 1-0 MADRID! How France would have liked to have had Benzema in Qatar! The forward holds his composure from 12 yards, burying his low strike into the bottom-left corner as Masip dives to his left. Madrid have a late lead.,1

RED CARD! Leon reacts furiously to the referee and the fourth official about the handball decision. His goes too far in the eyes of the official and is sent off for dissent.,3

It's a sending-off for Alvaro Morata after the final whistle too! The goalscorer looks to have said something to the referee who has immediately flashed him a red card! Juve have finished this game with 10 men, after the final whistle! How utterly strange that is!,3

Improta absolutely cleans out Bernardeschi with a sliding tackle on the left wing. This could be the last-chance saloon for Juve.,2

Barba now gets a booking for what appears to be an off-the-ball incident inside the penalty area, just moments after Montipo parries a low Juve shot around the left post. Can the Bianconeri find a winner here?,2

Schiattarella gets a booking now for a wayward tackle, crashing into a Juve player on the break. Both sides are growing frustrated here.,2

Tempers are flaring here and Cuadrado picks up a yellow for squaring up to an opposition player. This could get quite stormy in the last few minutes.,2

It is Maggio's last contribution too as Insigne is brought on in his place for Benevento. You don't often see substitutes get substituted but there you are.,0

Maggio picks up a booking now for a hefty challenge on Morata, and Juve have a decent vantage point from which to blast the ball into the box.,2

GOAL! GAETANO LETIZIA LEVELS FOR BENEVENTO WITH A BEAUTY! 1-1! What an absolute pearler from the left-back that is! The corner is played out deep and pinged in, with a succession of clearing touches skewing it all over the shop. It is the defender who picks it up near the right edge of the box though and sprays a magnificent volley across the face of goal and in at the left post! Juventus have been pegged back on the stroke of half-time!,1

Caldirola cannot continue unfortunately so Maggio is brought on by Benevento to replace him, as the corner is cleanly dealt with.,0

GOAL! ALVARO MORATA OPENS THE GAME FOR JUVENTUS! 1-0! It's a piece of work we've seen the Bianconeri do time and again, and it's paid off here! A glorious long ball from Chiesa inside his own half sails crossfield to the Spaniard on the edge of the box, and he coolly turns two defenders around before nestling in the right corner. A lovely opener for the visitors.,1

Rose turns to his bench to make two further substitutions. Elmas replaces Schlager in an attack-minded switch.,0

Madrid are making a somewhat surprising change, with Joselu replacing Bellingham. Ancelotti will be hoping his hold-up play helps Madrid over the line.,0

Madrid desperately need to establish greater control, and who better for that task than Modric? He takes the place of the yellow-carded Kroos.,0

It hasn't been Openda's game in front of goal, and he is withdrawn by Rose. Poulsen comes on to offer a more physical presence in the penalty area.,0

The bookings are piling up now. Kroos is the latest to chop Simons down in transition, taking one for the team. Madrid can't get anywhere near the Paris Saint-Germain loanee.,2

Tchouameni is the next player to see yellow, leaning on Simons to stop the Leipzig creator from reaching the edge of the box.,2

Orban goes into a crunching challenge with Bellingham, who comes off worse. Though replays show the Leipzig goalscorer got the ball first, he goes into the referee's book.,2

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! LEIPZIG ARE BACK IN IT! GAME ON AGAIN! What a response from the visitors! Orban stays up following a corner, and Raum's wonderful cross finds him on the edge of the six-yard box. Diving in front of Nacho, the skipper diverts a great diving header into the bottom-right corner, and it's as you were! 1-1 at the Bernabeu, 2-1 on aggregate!,1

GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! VINICIUS STRIKES FOR MADRID! Leipzig are made to regret their missed chances! A long spell of Leipzig possession breaks down and Bellingham hares forward on the counter, slowing down on the edge of the area before threading a clever ball inside for Vinicius. The Brazilian steps onto the pass then finds the top-left corner with a powerful reverse finish! 1-0 to Madrid, and 2-0 on aggregate! Leipzig have a mountain to climb!,1

Vinicius catches Orban late, and the defender doesn't like the challenge. Vinicius then takes a big risk by raising his hands and shoving Orban near the throat, and he becomes the first Madrid player to see yellow. He needs to be very careful.,2

Rodrygo is involved for the first time, dispossessing Raum before scampering down the right wing. The Leipzig left-back has no choice but to pull him back and take a booking.,2

Madrid make a very predictable substitution at half-time. Rodrygo is on after being surprisingly dropped from the lineup, with Camavinga withdrawn.,0

Bellingham gets his pass towards Vinicius all wrong, but Schlager still catches the Brazilian with a trailing arm on halfway and goes into the book.,2

Dias joins his centre-back partner Laporte in the book for a foul inside the area and the subsequent verbal disagreement that came with referee Dean.,2

Azpilicueta clears with a diving header and Laporte clatters into the back of him. For his needless foul, Laporte goes into the book.,2

Azpilicueta brings down Foden after the Englishman had made it past him and the Spaniard becomes the next name in the referee's book.,2

Silva, much like De Bruyne earlier in the second half, limps off and Zouma is the man to replace the Brazilian in the Chelsea defence.,0

Tuchel makes a defensive change at the same time as Havertz's introduction as he also brings on Emerson for Ziyech.,0

Werner, who assisted Ziyech's opener, wanders over to the touchline and his German colleague Havertz makes his way onto the pitch to replace the forward.,0

Pulisic, who has been in great Premier League form, is Tuchel's first change as the American replaces Mount.,0

Fernandinho becomes the first City player in Dean's book for racking up numerous fouls in this FA Cup semi-final clash.,2

GOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 CHELSEA! Werner gets in behind the City defence in the left-hand channel, thanks to a throughball from Mount near the halfway line. The German striker draws Steffen out of his goal before squaring to Ziyech, who taps into an empty net with a routine left-footed finish from near the penalty spot.,1

After going close at the other end, James hacks down Fernandinho and becomes the first booking of this FA Cup semi-final clash.,2

Arrasate turns to the bench and makes a triple-substitution. The first sees Raul Garcia replace Arnaiz.,0

RED CARD FOR UNAI GARCIA! Osasuna are down to 10 men! Already on a yellow card, the skipper receives a second as he drags back Roque, who was looking to race onto Araujo's throughball. He can have no complaints in all fairness.,3

ROQUE!!! 1-0 BARCA! What a substitution by Xavi! Within 60 seconds of his introduction, Roque heads the hosts in front. Following a patient build-up, Roque demonstrates brilliant movement to meet Cancelo's cross at the near post and guide a header past a helpless Fernandez.,1

Having just randomly pulled up injured, Ferran goes off to be replaced by Fermin. He is the latest addition to an already packed treatment room.,0

A successful outing for Spinazzola - his first of the campaign - comes to a close. Alex Sandro is his replacement.,0

Dybala gets just over 10 minutes of regulation time to pose a few problems as he comes on for Douglas Costa.,0

Can's poor touch scuppers a promising move and he proceeds to boot the ball into the distance, earning himself a yellow card.,2

No reprieve for Bologna as Kean's departure only means the introduction of Ronaldo for the final half hour or so.,0

GOALL!! It's a tap-in for Kean and Juventus lead 2-0 early in the second half. Douglas Costa cuts in from the right and sees his deflected shot drop perfectly into Kean's path for a straightforward poked finish. That might be the game.,1

GOALL!! The holders lead early and Bologna only have themselves to blame. Da Costa comes out to claim a high ball but collides with the back-tracking Calabresi and spills the ball, allowing Bernardeschi to fire home under little pressure. It's 1-0.,1

GOOOOAALL! El Ghazi wraps it up – it’s 2-0 to Villa. More awful defending from Schneiderlin, who is bullied by Wesley, who holds it up well and finds McGinn. The Scotsman sees the space, threads through the pass, and El Ghazi is on hand to tuck home through Pickford’s legs.,1

Coleman gets frustrated by Trezeguet’s tackle, and kicks out while taking the free-kick. Trezeguet makes the most of it, but both players will get a booking.,2

The other substitution sees Kean come on for his third appearance, with Bernard making way. It appears the visitors will switch to a 4-4-2.,0

Here come the changes for Everton. Sigurdsson is the first player to make way, with Iwobi coming on for his debut.,0

Calvert-Lewin takes a heavy touch and tries to recover by diving in. He actually wins the ball ahead of Wesley, who catches the Everton man on the top of the ankle. However, it was an out-of-control lunge from the visiting frontman, who goes into the book.,2

GOOOALLL! WESLEY MAKES IT 1-0 TO VILLA! Well, Everton have conceded now. Grealish plays a brilliant quick free-kick, with Jota sliding a wonderful throughball into the area, with Wesley – who had just beaten the offside trap – keeping his cool to convert with a first-time finish.,1

Wesley does well to hold off two defenders, but Richarlison then gets back to prod the ball out of the striker’s feet. Bernard breaks, only to be dragged down by Guilbert, who goes into the book.,2

Hojbjerg is booked late on for a foul on Yordanov after he clips the Ludogorets man from behind as he looked to break forward on the counter.,2

Triple substitution here by Tottenham, the first sees Hart replaced in goal and Whiteman comes on to replace him for his Tottenham debut.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Moura makes it 4-0! Ludogorets try to play out from the back, but Alli wins it back in the final third and whips a cross into the box, which is controlled by Vinicius and then played it to Moura to his left, who fires the ball into the top right-hand corner of the net.,1

The visitors now make a double substitution, with Anicet coming off and he has been replaced by Souza.,0

Ludogorets make a substitution now, with Despodov the man coming off and he has been replaced by Tekpetey.,0

GOOOAAALLL! Winks makes it 3-0! The midfielder has plenty of time and space just inside the Ludogorets half and he launches an ambitious attempt at goal, which catches the keeper off guard and the ball flies straight into the top right-hand corner of the net. What a goal!,1

Here is the first Tottenham substitution of the game, with Ndombele the man coming off and he has been replaced by Hojbjerg.,0

Ndombele is the first Tottenham player to be booked, after his foul on Nedyalkov inside the Ludogorets half of the pitch.,2

Despodov is booked after he goes up for a header with Davies and his swinging arm catches the Tottenham left-back.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Vinicius with his second goal to put Tottenham 2-0 ahead! Superb run by Ndombele in midfield, he races past a couple of Ludogorets players and then fires a low effort at goal from the edge of the box, which forces Iliev into an excellent save. The keeper pushes it out wide, but Alli pounces and squares it to Vinicius who has a tap-in from close range.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Vinicius fires Tottenham into the lead, it’s 1-0! His first Spurs goal and it’s a lovely finish. Alli turns nicely in midfield and has plenty of time and space, he tries to play the ball through the Ludogorets defence, it takes a deflection and lands straight at the feet of Vinicius who then only has the keeper to beat and he coolly slides it into the back of the net.,1

Keseru is shown a yellow card for his handball, but it does seem a little harsh as the striker turned and jumped, with the ball striking the back of his arm.,2

Benitez tries to change the rhythm of this ebb-and-flow game once again, making two late changes: first, Bamba is replaced by Dotor.,0

BARCA COMPLETE THE COMEBACK! Celta Vigo heads are in hands, as Joao Cancelo slips through the centre of the area, blindsiding Dominguez to meet Gavi's curling cross with a comprehensive finish! Barcelona now lead 3-2, less than 10 minutes after they trailed by two - incredible stuff at Montjuic!,1

LEWANDOWSKI LEVELS IT! Barcelona score again, making it 2-2 at Montjuic! Joao Cancelo sweeps the ball back fro the right byline, allowing Lewandowski to stride onto the ball and plant it into the back of the net! What a climax!,1

BARCA PULL ONE BACK! Lewandowski lobs the hosts back into contention! Barcelona reduce their deficit to one goal, thanks to a cute chipped pass from Joao Felix and their striker's guided finish over Villar and into the net via the crossbar! 2-1 to Celta: game on!,1

Benitez swiftly responds to his team extending their lead by replacing star striker Aspas with a midfielder, Swedberg.,0

CELTA SURELY SEAL IT! The Galician side go two goals clear in Barcelona! On the counter, Bamba and Aspas combine to open up Barca's stretched defence, and the latter's measured pass is met by Douvikas, who coolly slides the ball past Ter Stegen into the bottom-right corner!,1

After a frustrating game, in which he perhaps should have scored at least once, Torres is taken off; Raphinha will be his replacement.,0

Having scored what may transpire to be the match-winning goal, Larsen departs; Douvikas comes on as the Norwegian winger's replacement.,0

Xavi has opted for a double substitution at half-time: first, Romeu makes way for Araujo, who is just back from injury.,0

Becoming the first Celta player to have his name taken by the referee, Nunez is booked for clattering into Joao Felix before play continues and Gundogan slides a shot well wide.,2

Making the wrong kind of impact after coming off the bench, Gavi drags back Bamba inside Celta Vigo's half and picks up a booking.,2

Xavi has seen enough, making an early substitution: De Jong heads off and Gavi is sent on with a brief to help turn things around.,0

CELTA LEAD IN BARCELONA! Receiving a pass from the masked De La Torre, Larsen slides in to bury the ball past Ter Stegen from 10 yards out! The winger finds the bottom-right corner, and Celta Vigo have a shock lead at Montjuic: 1-0!,1

Tuchel makes the first change of the game and it's the goalscorer, Icardi, who's coming off. He's replaced by Mbappe. ,0

ICARDI BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! Muslera is rushing out to close down Sarabia, but he squares the ball across the six-yard box to Icardi, who is unmarked at the far post, and just has to tap it into the empty net. 1-0 PSG!,1

Icardi is the first player to get a yellow card after he caught Muslera in the face when he tried to get on the end of Di Maria's low cross.,2

GOAL!!! IT'S 5-1 TO FRANKFURT! What a day for the home side! Substitute Silva does superbly to beat Alaba down the left and find Paciencia, who can simply tap into an empty net! ,1

Defensive midfielder Fernandes is repalced by a striker in Silva as Hutter looks to press his side's numerical advantage in the closing stages.,0

Former Bayern midfielder Rode is the second player to be replaced by Hutter, with Gacinovic coming on.,0

Another substitution with the aim of regaining control as Gnabry is replaced by Goretzka. The substitute makes a midfield three with Thiago and Kimmich, leaving just Coman up in support of Lewandowski.,0

Dost is replaced by a less physical presence in Kamada alongside Paciencia in Hutter's first change of the day.,0

This substitution has not gone down well with the Bayern fans. Muller, a forward, is being replaced by a defensive midfielder in Martinez. It looks like damage control rather than ambition.,0

GOAL!!! FRANKFURT ARE 4-1 UP AGAINST THE CHAMPIONS! Hinteregger rises highest at the front post to meet Kostic's cross and flicks it into the far corner! Bayern are being taken apart!,1

Coutinho comes off for Coman as Kovac goes desperately in search of a route back into the game. It's very gung-ho from the head coach.,0

Ulreich, on the Bayern bench, has earned himself a yellow card for his furious reaction to something on the sidelines.,2

GOAL!!! FRANKFURT MAKE IT 3-1!!! A poor touch from Gnabry is pounced on and Frankfurt captialise ruthlessly. It's worked wide to Da Costa on the right and he crosses for Abraham to convert at the back post! Bayern punished again!,1

GOAL! BAYERN HAVE ONE BACK! And who else but that man Lewandowski? It's a fantastic goal from the striker, who receives the ball with his back to goal and bamboozles two defenders with an outstanding turn, before driving into the box and slotting the ball under Ronnow! It's 2-1!,1

GOAL!! FRANKFURT GO 2-0 UP!! After a period of sustained possession, Frankfurt carve Bayern open with a lovely move that sees Kostic in space on the left of the box. He has a shot that is deflected and ends up with Sow at the back post, who fires emphatically home to double the hosts' advantage!,1

GOAL!! FRANKFURT TAKE THE LEAD!! Da Costa's low cross into the box is smashed goalwards by Sow, but it takes a deflection off Alaba and goes striaght to Kostic, who finds the far corner to make it 1-0! Bayern are in real trouble now.,1

RED CARD! Paciencia nips past Boateng and the central defender leaves a clumsy leg trailing and fouls the forward as he goes one-on-one! It's right on the edge of the area and looks to be just outside, but the referee initally awards a penalty! However, following a VAR check, a free-kick is given and the yellow card shown to Boateng is changed to a straight red for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity! ,3

PALACIOS SCORES!!! 2-2! The midfielder steps up and confidently sweeps the ball into the top corner. Leverkusen appear to have rescued a point here.,1

An attacking Leverkusen change sees Hlozek introduced for the latter stages with Tapsoba the player to make way.,0

GORETZKA!!! BAYERN BACK IN FRONT! 2-1! The hosts regain the lead and it's the skipper who scores! Tel is the provider as he teases his marker on the left before sending the ball into the centre, where Goretzka arrives to apply the finishing touch.,1

Bayern turn to the bench and Tel is sent on for the final 20 minutes. Gnabry is the player to make way.,0

Tapsoba trips Kane to stop him embarking on a potential counter. The defender is shown a yellow card for his troubles.,2

GRIMALDO!!! 1-1! Leverkusen are level! They have been knocking at the door and it has opened! After the visitors are awarded a free-kick just outside the D, Grimaldo steps up and sweeps a brilliant delivery into the top corner.,1

KANE!!! 1-0 BAYERN! It's that man again! The England captain is completely unmarked at the far post, where he heads into an empty net after Sane's corner ricocheted kindly into his path.,1

A final Wolves change sees Jimenez run precious time off the clock as he makes the slow walk to the touchline to be replaced by Traore.,0

Gibbs-White becomes the second Wolves player booked in the span of a few minutes as he fouls Brownhill, awarding the hosts a free-kick in a dangerous position here.,2

Moutinho becomes the first Wolves player booked in the match as he takes out O'Dowda to halt a threatening move from Bristol City in its tracks.,2

A second Wolves change sees Doherty, who has played much less of a part in this second half than he did the first, replaced by Neves.,0

A smart turn from Jimenez on the end of a clever flick on from Gibbs-White nearly sees the striker burst through on goal, but he's dragged down by a very cynical challenge from Kalas who sees yellow.,2

Wolves turn to the bench for the first time as Gibbs-White comes in to offer more defensive support in midfield, replacing Cavaleiro.,0

A final change from the hosts sees Paterson replace Palmer in attack. It's a last roll of the dice from Johnson as his side chase the leveller.,0

Concentrated pressure from the hosts as they clip in cross after cross, following a spell of good, patient build-up play. Wolves are first to every delivery, though, and as they look to break Wright puts in a hard challenge out of frustration and is issued the game's first yellow card for it.,2

Morrell is withdrawn at the break, as part of a double change, but it's another defensive midfielder, Pack, who replaces him. Not the most adventurous change from Johnson, though Pack does offer a bit more playmaking skill from that deep-lying role.,0

Taylor is the other man to enter the fray, replacing Eliasson in attack. Taylor has three goals to his name in the Championship this season.,0

WOLVES HAVE THE BREAKTHROUGH! Doherty was nothing short of excellent for them in the previous round and he's at it again here, driving down the right flank, beating his man and bursting into the penalty area before picking out the perfect pull-back for Cavaleiro who passes a first-time finish beyond Fielding!,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! LIVERPOOL 5-2 EVERTON!! That should do it! If it wasn't game over already, it certainly is now. Firmino shows great trickery to get the better of Holgate down the left and cuts the ball back for Wijnaldum, who pokes it away from Pickford from 12 yards.,1

Klopp makes his third and final change of the match, bringing on Gomez for Alexander-Arnold in a defensive substitution.,0

Origi, who was far too hot for Everton to handle in the opening 45 minutes, is given a breather. On comes Firmino for the closing 17 minutes or so.,0

Alexander-Arnold knocks the ball past Davies and is clearly caught by the Everton midfielder, leading to another booking.,2

Kean is brought on for Calvert-Lewin up top with exactly an hour played at Anfield. That's Silva's second change of the contest, while Liverpool have all three still to use should they wish.,0

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! LIVERPOOL 4-2 EVERTON! What a game this is turning out to be! Sigurdsson plays in Bernard down the left and the substitute picks out the run of Richarlison. The Brazil international does not make clean contact, the ball coming off his shoulder and flying past Adrian. Game on?,1

GOOOOAAAALLL!!! LIVERPOOL 4-1 EVERTON!! Yet another Liverpool goal on the counter to surely seal the victory before half-time! After defending an Everton corner, Mane carries the ball forward and feeds Alexander-Arnold, who plays the return pass for Mane to guide a first-time shot away from Pickford. Clinical!,1

Bernard replaces Sidibe, which should mean a switch to a back four for Everton. Decisive action from Silva, but is it too late?,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! LIVERPOOL 3-1 EVERTON!! What a brilliant goal from Origi, who quite simply loves this fixture. Lovren plays a straight ball over the top, Origi brings it under control and lifts it over Pickford. Everton cannot deal with him!,1

Richarlison, perhaps riled up by Alexander-Arnold's challenge on him a little earlier, is booked for a late challenge on Shaqiri.,2

Alexander-Arnold is late on Digne and rightly shown a yellow card by referee Mike Dean. The Liverpool full-back needs to calm himself down or risk being dismissed.,2

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! LIVERPOOL 2-1 EVERTON!! Maybe it isn't quite game over just yet! Iwobi's cross falls kindly for Keane, who keeps his composure to flick the ball over stand-in Liverpool goalkeeper Adrian from close range.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! LIVERPOOL 2-0 EVERTON!! Shaqiri doubles Liverpool's lead following another fine team move! Mane controls Alexander-Arnold's diagonal pass, cuts inside from the left and slots the ball in behind for Shaqiri, who tucks it past Pickford with a first-time finish.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! LIVERPOOL 1-0 EVERTON!! Well that didn't take long! Liverpool hit Everton on the counter, Mane slots the ball in behind and Origi gets to it ahead of Pickford, who is left stranded. It is a simple finish for Origi, the match-winner in this fixture last season, into an empty net.,1

Ronaldo shapes to shoot but dribbles towards the box, before being brought down by Turrientes and winning a dangerous-looking free-kick. The Sociedad substitute is booked following the challenge.,2

Mendez's penalty separates the two sides at the moment, but his industrious performance in midfield comes to an end as he's replaced by Benat Turrientes.,0

United left-back Malacia makes way, with his place taken by another youth product in Charlie McNeill.,0

A poor touch from Fred gives Zubimendi the chance to nick the ball, but he's caught late by the Manchester United midfielder sliding in, and Fred is booked by the referee.,2

Kubo has been bright for the visitors in their two-pronged attack, and comes off now for Ander Barrenetxea to see out the game.,0

Elanga's been largely ineffective in the final third, and a fellow youth product of the hosts' academy comes on in his place, Alejandro Garnacho.,0

After a promising Sociedad attack, led by Cho, comes to an end, United look to counter through Antony, but he's body-checked by Munoz and the left-back picks up a yellow card.,2

Silva chases Casemiro into midfield and needlessly fouls the Brazilian, picking up a yellow card for his troubles.,2

GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! There's the opener!!!! It's Mendez who steps up, smashing the penalty into the bottom right corner, and beyond the reach of De Gea to make it 1-0 to the visitors!!! They've been very passive so far this half, but now they have the lead, and Manchester United have to try and turn this game around now!,1

Martinez is shown a yellow card for the handball, which is a tad harsh given the ball appears to have bounces up off his leg before striking his elbow.,2

Dalot also comes off, with Lisandro Martinez introduced, suggesting that a formation change could be on the cards.,0

Erik Ten Hag makes half-time changes for Manchester United, swapping out Eriksen for Bruno Fernandes.,0

2-1 TO BOLOGNA! Two substitutes combine: Zirkzee dances through Inter's retreating defence, then lays the ball off for Ndoye. The latter draws Audero's challenge, then flips the ball past Inter's exposed goalkeeper! It's all turned around in Milan, where Inter are now minutes away from going out of the Coppa Italia!,1

BOLOGNA BAG AN EQUALISER! Beukema is the Rossoblu hero! Following an outswinging corner from the right, Zirkzee contrives a brilliant back-flick from the left byline, and Beukema coolly converts it with a side-foot finish from six yards! It's 1-1 at San Siro, and we might be heading for penalties!,1

Pavard arrives late into a tackle on Urbanski and upends his opponent - that's another yellow card for Inter.,2

INTER BREAK THE DEADLOCK! Early in extra time, Augusto rises highest in the area to meet Dimarco's cross from a corner, and he beats Ravaglia with a decisive headed finish! It's 1-0 to the Nerazzurri, who were kept at bay by Bologna's 'keeper throughout the first 90 minutes - but no more! They're heading for the quarter-finals as things stand!,1

Pavard makes his comeback from injury, and Bisseck - who was booked at the end of normal time - has been withdrawn.,0

Fabbian clearly pulls back Sensi in midfield, and despite his complaints, he receives a merited yellow card.,2

Motta also swaps one Dutch striker for another: Van Hooijdonk makes way for Bologna's top scorer Zirkzee.,0

Motta responds with another substitution. It's a straight swap at right-back: Corazza comes off; De Silvestri's sent on.,0

After an underwhelming display against his former club, Arnautovic is withdrawn; Thuram replaces him up front.,0

Having pulled back Bastoni midway through Bologna's half, Van Hooijdonk is shown a yellow card by the referee.,2

The lively Elanga, who has set up two of Wood's three goals, is given a well-earned rest. He is replaced by Worrall.,0

Dragging back Gibbs-White as the Forest midfielder looked to latch onto a loose ball, Schar is shown a yellow card for doing so.,2

Guimaraes' frustration is evident. The Brazilian kicks out at Yates, who had stripped him of the ball, and is yellow-carded.,2

Williams prevents Isak from taking a quick throw-in for Newcastle. The Wales international goes into the book for his troubles.,2

Newcastle also turn to the bench and introduce Joelinton for the final 20 minutes. Longstaff is the player to make way.,0

Forest make a double change. The first sees Montiel make way to be replaced by Williams at right-back.,0

WOOD!!! HAT-TRICK HERO! 3-1 FOREST! The visitors are in dreamland! The Newcastle defence switches off and Wood times his run brilliantly to latch onto Murillo's long ball. The former Magpies striker then demonstrates wonderful composure to jink around Dubravka before slotting into the empty net.,1

Newcastle turn straight to the bench as Howe makes a double substitution. The first of these sees Wilson introduced in place of Almiron.,0

WOOD!!! 2-1 FOREST! The visitors complete the turnaround and, once again, the former Newcastle striker comes back to haunt his old club. Forest counter with Elanga leading the charge before finding Wood with a precise throughball. The forward brilliantly turns Burn inside out, before lifting the ball over Dubravka with a delightful finish.,1

WOOD!!! 1-1! Forest are level! And it is a devastating counter by the visitors. Gibbs-White leads the charge before feeding Elanga. This time, the latter shows wonderful presence of mind to square the ball across the six-yard box, where an unmarked Wood can tap into the empty net.,1

Montiel waves an imaginary card in the direction of the referee following Gordon's challenge. The full-back is subsequently shown one for his troubles.,2

Sangare is shown the first yellow card of the game for a rash challenge on Isak. He will miss Forest's next game against Manchester United through suspension.,2

ISAK!!! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! Cool as you like from the Swede! The man who was fouled for the penalty to be awarded, Isak steps up and very calmly rolls the ball past the flat-footed Turner.,1

JUVENTUS SURELY WIN IT! 2-1! Costa wriggles delightfully inside Ignatjev, before playing a deft one-two with Higuain on the edge of the area and collecting the ball to roll a low finish past Guilherme when one-on-one!,1

Dybala looks to repeat his previous match-winning performance against Lokomotiv, by replacing Ronaldo up top now. ,0

Bonucci is booked for a poor, raking challenge down the back of Eder's calf - he's perhaps, slightly fortunate not to receive a harsher punishment there.,2

Lokomotiv equalise! 1-1! Rybus finds space on the left flank to flight a cross in, and it's met by Miranchuk who glances a deft header across goal. The ball clips the inside of the post before bouncing back for the Russian attacker to tap in on the rebound!,1

JUVENTUS TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! The away side win another free-kick, this time out wide and 30 yards from goal. Ronaldo steps up and hits a powerful effort over the wall, that bobbles just in front of Guilherme and through the goalkeeper's legs before Ramsey races in to ensure the trickling ball crosses the line! Guilherme will be furious with himself for that shocking handling error!,1

It's a clumsy challenge from Brozovic, who kicks Simeone's feet out from under him. He picks up a late yellow card.,2

Caprari skipped past two Inter defenders before Dumfries got across. He goes in with a heavy challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

Another double change for Verona as they search for a late consolation. Lazovic is first to make way, with Cancellieri replacing him.,0

Inter are making a double change this time. Barella, who scored the opening goal, goes off for Vidal.,0

Verona are making a double change now. Bessa is the first to be taken off, with Lasagna replacing him.,0

Inter are making their second change of the game here. Correa is going off, with Gosens on in his place.,0

DZEKO SCORES! Dimarco whips the corner in for Inter, and it's glanced on by Perisic at the near post. Dzeko gets away from his marker and is left with a simple tap-in, giving Montipo no chance from close range. 2-0 Inter!,1

BARELLA SCORES! It's another brilliant counter-attack from Inter! The loose pass is played straight to Perisic and he has acres of space ahead of him down the left. He puts a great cross into the far post and Barella fires it into the roof of the net from close range. 1-0 Inter!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MULLER SCORES!!! 1-1!! In the absence of Lewandowski, Muller steps up to take the spot-kick. The German holds his composur by placing his strike in the bottom-right corner away from the hand of Oblak. Bayern punish the home side.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! FELIX PUTS ATLETICO AHEAD!!! 1-0!!! The home side take the lead as the Portuguese converts at the near post. Llorente makes a good run down the right flank and just keeps the ball alive on the touchline. He clips a cross towards Felix, who holds his composure to steer his strike past Nubel.,1

Luiz handles the ball just outside of the box! Slavia will have a free-kick from a near perfect shooting position.,2

Kepa picks up a yellow card for delaying the goal-kick for far more time than the referee deemed appropriate.,2

It seems Sarri noticed his side losing the midfield as well as he brings on Jorginho to sort things out. Barkley is the player to make way.,0

Hazard is brought off early as expected. Willian, who leads the competition in assists, will now come on.,0

GOALLLL!!!!! SLAVIA GET ANOTHER BACK! It's Sevcik who scores a goal that's even better than his first! He found a pocket of space and smashed the ball with his right foot and buried it in the top-left corner! That's two wonder goals from the Slavia man to get them right back into this match! Chelsea 4-3 Slavia (agg. 5-3),1

GOOALLLL!!! SLAVIA SCORE A SECOND! Sevcik collected the ball just outside the box, shifted it onto his left foot, and fired a shot with the outside of his boot that had too much pace and movement for Kepa! Game ever so slightly back on! Chelsea 4-2 Slavia (agg. 5-2),1

GOOALLLL! CHELSEA SCORE AGAIN! Hazard and Emerson combine well down the left with the latter whipping in a low ball to Giroud whose inital shot is blocked, but the rebound fell to Pedro who put the ball past a flailing Kolar! Chelsea 4-1 Slavia (agg. 5-1),1

GOOALLLL!!!!! SOUCEK GETS SLAVIA A GOAL BACK! After the corner from Deli's effort the ball wound up in the air and Soucek made sure his header found the back of the net! Can they get back into this one?! Chelsea 3-1 Slavia (agg. 4-1),1

GOOOALLLL!!!! CHELSEA ARE UP THREE! Kante found Pedro with a piercing through ball and the Spaniard delayed, pulling the 'keeper off his line before laying the ball off to Giroud who finished into an empty net. Slavia would have needed a miracle to get back into the match before this goal. Now they need more than that. Chelsea 3-0 Slavia (agg 4-0),1

GOOALLLLL!!!! Chelsea have opened the scoring! After a lovely bit of play Giroud chipped a pass through the backline and into the path of Pedro who shot from a tight angle and saw his effort cross the line right before it made contact with a Slavia defender! Well worked goal from the hosts! Chelsea 1-0 Slavia (agg. 2-0),1

Redmond and Sissoko clash off the ball and there's a brief altercation between the two. The referee watches and proceeds to book both players.,2

GOAL! SOUTHAMPTON LEAD 2-1! Spurs have been on top almost throughout the game, but Ward-Prowse's excellent free-kick has inspired an unlikely turnaround! It's a wonderful effort, right into the top-left corner and out of the reach of the diving Lloris! ,1

Walker-Peters is booked for cynically hacking down Redmond as he tried to latch onto a pass into the box. He was clean through and the Spurs defender should be thankful that the card is only yellow. ,2

Hojbjerg dives under no challenge from Kane and gets rightly booked for diving. Completely unnecessary. ,2

GOAL!! SOUTHAMPTON ARE LEVEL! Armstrong gets behind Sanchez and fizzes a low ball across the area that three Tottenham players fail to clear and Valery scuffs the ball over the diving Lloris! It's 1-1! ,1

Hasenhuttl makes a double change as he looks for an improved performance in the second half. Defensive midfielder Romeu comes off for a striker in Long in the first change.,0

GOAL! Kane makes it 1-0 to Tottenham! Spurs have been on top and the pressure has told. Alli plays a deft dink to Kane on the right side of the box. The striker takes a touch which nearly sees the angle close on him, but he manages to squeeze it through and find the bottom corner. ,1

Valery drags Rose down on the edge of the box and picks up a yellow. The free-kick is in a dangerous position too.,2

GOOAALLLLLL!!!!! SON SCORES LATE AGAIN!  After a poor pass infield from Chilwell, Sissoko clears the ball ahead and there were no Leicester players back as Son collected the ball, dribbled into the box, and finished his chance coolly to ensure the win for his club! Tottenham 3-1 Leicester.,1

Sissoko goes on a lung-busting run through the middle and Tielemans has to pull him back to prevent further damage. The Leicester man is shown yellow.,2

Intent on not seeing Leicester score the leveller, Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino will bring on Victor Wanyama with Llorente coming off.,0

GOOOALLLL!!! After missing his first two efforts, Vardy was never going to miss his third! Pereira and Tielemans play a one-two with the latter curling in a pass on the floor that Vardy finishes from incredibly close range! He cut in front of Alderweireld, who had just come onto the pitch, and poked it over the line with his right foot to get Leicester back into this match! Tottenham 2-1 Leicester.,1

Being dispossessed will be Ghezzal's last action as he's withdrawn in favour of striker Kelechi Iheanacho.,0

Skipp seemed a passenger for most of the match and is now replaced by Toby Alderweireld. It should be three at the back for Tottenham now.,0

GOOOALLLLL!!!! Eriksen gives Tottenham a two-goal advantage! Pereira tries to clear the ball but it deflects off Skipp and eventually lands at the feet of Eriksen who takes a touch, and then hammers a shot into the top-left corner with Schmeichel grasping at nothing but air! Tottenham 2-0 Leicester.  ,1

GOOALLLL!!! Trippier plays the short corner to Eriksen who curled in a delightful ball to Sanchez, who dove and headed the ball with power into the back of the net! There was a hint of offside, but the replay seems to show that he was just onside. Tottenham 1-0 Leicester.,1

Sanchez plays a risky pass to Vertonghen who has to make a sliding attempt to retain it, and catches a Leicester player in the process. That's now three Tottenham players with a yellow card in the first half.,2

Rose goes through the back of Ghezzal and becomes the second Tottenham player to be booked in the last five minutes.,2

Son goes down in the box, this time under pressure from Maguire, and the Tottenham man is called for diving, and shown yellow! That did not look the right call at first glance.,2

Aurier, who had missed the last four games through injury, completes 80 minutes before being substituted off for Doherty.,0

There will be no hat-trick for Bale as Mourinho opts to brings him off for Lamela on the 70-minute mark.,0

Scorer of the third goal, Lucas, comes off for Alli, who scored in midweek against Wolfsberger with a wonderful, acrobatic effort.,0

GOALLLLL!!! 4-0 SPURS! Son does the hard yards, racing inside from the left-hand side and playing in Bale, thanks to Kane’s smart run through the centre of the park. The Welshman makes it into the area, taking one touch before curling a left-footed effort perfectly into the bottom left corner. Pope, unsighted by the dive of Mee, remains stood still as he watches the fourth goal go in.,1

GOALLLLL!!! 3-0 SPURS! Reguilon receives possession from Bale in the left-hand channel and crosses looking for Kane. Tarkowski gets the slightest head on the cross, feeding it through to Lucas, who smashes a left-footed effort into the top left corner past Pope from near the penalty spot.,1

GOALLLLL!!! 2-0 SPURS! The hosts go from one end to the other with one pass as Bale sets Kane free down the left-hand side. Spurs’ striker then cuts inside and shapes to shoot towards the far post but instead whips his right-footed effort into the top left corner at the near post. Pope has no chance as the effort, via the help of a deflection, is already past him before he has seen it.,1

GOALLLL!!! 1-0 SPURS! Son is offered far too much room to cut inside from the left, whipping a low cross towards the front post, where Bale beats the offside trap to poke home with his right foot. Burnley think the Welshman was offside but VAR confirms the goal can stand.,1

Both of Simeone's starting forwards have now been subbed off. Kalinic joins Griezmann on the bench, with Vitolo coming on.,0

GOOOOAAAL! Wow, what a strike from Lozano to bring Girona level! The Honduran curls an early shot from the edge of the box past Adan, but perhaps the keeper should have done better. 1-1.,1

GOOOAAAL! Atletico take an early lead here through their star Frenchman. Griezmann opts for a first time, powerful, side-footed effort just inside the area, and it somehow squirms past Iraizoz with the help of Girona's crossbar. 1-0.,1

CHIESA!!! 2-0 JUVE! That could secure the points! Chiesa is inside his own half when Milik sends him clear on goal. Though tripped as he rounded Berisha, he quickly gets to his feet and shows great composure before slotting into the empty net.,1

DANILO!!! 1-0 JUVENTUS! The visitors lead and there is no denying the skipper this time. A corner leads to an almighty scramble in the penalty area before the ball breaks kindly for Danilo, who neatly strokes the ball through a defender's legs and into the net.,1

Locatelli receives the game's first yellow card for a foul on Baldanzi. Although, replays suggest the Juventus midfielder was a little unfortunate.,2

Joelinton is the latest to be booked after he fouls Ndombele out of frustration in the middle of the pitch.,2

RED CARD! Shelvey is shown a second yellow for a clear foul on Reguilon as the Spurs left-back sprinted through on goal and Shelvey brought him down in order to prevent a goalscoring chance. The midfielder has only been on the pitch for 23 minutes after coming off the bench and was shown his first yellow card five minutes ago. Newcastle have to play the final minutes with 10 players.,3

Another booking now, with Shelvey shown a yellow card after he lashes out at Ndombele after the Spurs midfielder skipped past him.,2

Newcastle make a double change, with Wilson one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Fraser.,0

Hayden is booked after he drags Lucas to the ground, after the Spurs winger skipped past him and looked to break forward on the counter.,2

Emerson is booked for a challenge that happened a few moments ago, but the referee allowed play to continue as Newcastle had the advantage.,2

Here is the first Newcastle substitution of the game, with Longstaff heading off and he has been replaced by Shelvey, who has been on the sidelines with an injury.,0

Clark is the second Newcastle player to be booked after his late challenge on Kane down the left wing.,2

GOAL! TOTTENHAM MAKE IT 3-1! Spurs have started well since the restart and Son fires in a third goal. Lucas does brilliantly on the edge of the box to find Kane in behind the Newcastle defence and the striker then slides it across goal for Son to fire in from close range. He simply couldn’t miss from there!,1

Longstaff is the first player to be booked after his late challenge on Lucas. The midfielder had already been warned by the referee earlier about a similar challenge.,2

GOAL! TOTTENHAM LEAD! VAR have overruled the original offside decision and Kane's goal is allowed to stand! Manquillo is the man that fails to get out quickly enough and he keeps Kane onside as he made his run behind the Newcastle defence, following a ball over the top by Hojbjerg. Kane then flicks it over Darlow as he rushes out to meet him and it finds the back of the net.,1

GOAL! TOTTENHAM ARE LEVEL! Ndombele finds the equaliser and makes it 1-1! Reguilon cuts inside from the left wing and finds Ndomeble on the edge of the penalty area and he produces a superb finish, firing the ball into the top right corner of the net. Tottenham are back in it!,1

GOAL! NEWCASTLE TAKE THE LEAD! What a start to the game by Newcastle, they lead 1-0! They work it really well in the final third, switching it from left to right and Saint-Maximin lays it off to Manquillo on the overlap, who whips a cross into the box, which is met by the head of Wilson and he powers it into the back of the net. The striker wasn’t going to miss from there!,1

Mbappe will get a few minutes rest ahead of the final. He has made way for Choupo-Moting, who of course got the winner against Atalanta.,0

Another change for Leipzig. Kampl – who has been unable to influence the Bundesliga side’s play – has made way for Adams, who scored the winner against Atleti.,0

GOOOOOAALLLLL!!! PSG HAVE A THIRD! Well, it had been all Leipzig since the restart, but – moments after taking a heavy touch to see a chance go begging – Bernat skipped back to meet Di Maria’s cross and head in, with Gulacsi only able to help the ball across the line. Leipzig 0-3 PSG.,1

Two changes for Leipzig at the break, and it is indeed Forsberg and Schick who are to come on. Forsberg has replaced Nkunku.,0

Olmo pounces on a mistake from Kimpembe, who has little choice but to foul the Spaniard and take a booking.,2

GOOOOAALLLLL!!! PSG LEAD 2-0! What a dreadful mistake from Gulacsi, and PSG have one foot in the final. Leipzig’s goalkeeper attempts a risky pass out into midfield. PSG intercept, with the ball fizzed to Neymar, who cushions it wonderfully into Di Maria. He takes a touch, sets himself, and tucks it away.,1

GOOOOOAAALLLLL!!! MARQUINHOS PUTS PSG AHEAD! Leipzig are made to pay from the free-kick – Di Maria curling in a wicked cross from which Marquinhos, who was left unmarked on the edge of the six box, guiding a brilliant header home. It's his second goal in as many games and PSG lead 1-0!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! 5-2 LEICESTER!!!!! TIELEMANS HOLDS HIS COMPOSURE!!! The Belgian holds his nerve from 12 yards to dispatch his strike past Ederson. He sends the keeper the wrong way, firing low and hard into the bottom-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! AKE GETS ONE BACK FOR THE HOSTS!!!! 4-2!! Ake notches his first City goal as he rises to head home from a Mahrez corner. The Algerian puts his cross on the money and Ake rises to guide his attempt beyond the reach of Schmeichel into the bottom-right corner. It's probably too late for City now though.,1

WHAT A GOAL!!!!! MADDISON SURELY WINS THE GAME FOR LEICESTER WITH A SUPER EFFORT!!!! 4-1!!! Leicester score their fourth of the afternoon and Maddison surely secures the three points at the Etihad Stadium curling a wonder strike past Ederson.Mendy  wins possession from Walker and feeds Maddison on the left flank and he runs at the City backline. He is afforded space and time and curls a peach of an effort over Ederson's outstretched hand into the top-right corner.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! VARDY HAS A HAT-TRICK!!!! 3-1!!! Vardy and Leiceter enjoy a dream five minutes as he notches his second goal of the half and third in the contest. With his first spot-kick Vardy went to his left, but on this occasion he goes to his right. It's the same result as the forward rifles his effort home to put Leicester in complete command.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VARDY PUTS LEICESTER AHEAD!!!! 2-1!!!! The Foxes take the lead against the run of play as Vardy converts with a neat flick at the near post. Castagne makes a great run forward from the back to collect Tielemans' throughball. He cuts the ball back to the forward, who beats Ederson with a clever flick that travels through the City keeper and into the back of the net.,1

Delap enters the action for his Premier League debut after making his bow in the EFL Cup during the week. He replaces Fernandinho for the home side.,0

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! VARDY CONVERTS!!!! 1-1!!! Leicester are back in the game as Vardy slams home his his effort from 12 yards. Ederson goes the right way diving to his left, but the striker aims his effort high into the top corner away from the Brazilian. ,1

Tielemans is caught out of position following the corner and has to pull back De Bruyne on the charge. He is booked for his foul.,2

WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MAHREZ SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 1-0 CITY!!!! Mahrez blasts a peach into the top-left corner against his former club. De Bruyne's corner in cleared to the right inside channel where Mahrez lies in wait. He takes his time to run up before smashing his right-footed effort crisply into the net giving Schmeichel no chance. A special goal from the Algerian.,1

INTER SCORE WITH THE LAST KICK OF THE GAME! 2-1! INCREDIBLE! Barella’s corner is floated into the centre of the 18-yard box, where it’s nodded down by Martinez. Dzeko misses the follow-up effort but Dumfries charges it down and chests it past Falcone!,1

Listkowski comes into the game in order to provide some relief to the Lecce midfield, replacing Bistrovic.,0

With Inter still looking to retake the lead Inzaghi makes an attacking substitution, taking Calhanoglu off for Dzeko.,0

Darmian cynically tugs Gonzalez back during a Lecce counter-attack, forcing the referee to show the wing-back a yellow card.,2

Mkhitaryan comes in for Brozovic three minutes before the hour as the booked midfielder is withdrawn.,0

Brozovic clumsily barges through the back of Strefezza right in front of the referee, earning a yellow card.,2

LECCE GET THE EQUALISER! 1-1! INCREDIBLE! A lovely touch from Ceesay gets the counter-attack started for the hosts, poking it out to the left wing for Di Francesco. The winger drives towards the penalty area and prods a pass forward for the striker, who doesn’t need a touch to slot a left-footed effort into the far corner!,1

Baschirotto’s two-footed sliding challenge takes him through Martinez - leaving the Inter striker in considerable pain. It’s a yellow card for the centre-back, the first booking of the match.,2

An injury forces Cetin off just 21 minutes into the new season, with Blin sent on to take his place at centre-back.,0

IT’S A PERFECT START! 1-0 INTER! It’s a simple goal for Lukaku, who gets back on the score sheet for Inter after a year’s absence! Dimarco’s cross to the back post meets the head of Darmian, whose unselfish nod across the face of goal sets up a simple tap-in from the Belgium international!,1

A silly yellow for Arter to pick up as he doesn't retreat in anticipation of a Spurs free-kick, which prompts the referee to put him into the book.,2

Davies finally comes on now to replace Rose, and play can resume again. Surely there will be a fair bit of time added on at the end here, as the match has barely been going in the last five minutes.,0

Pochettino uses the stoppage to make his second change, as Wanyama replaces Sissoko in a like-for-like swap in midfield.,0

Reid comes on to replace Ward, not Zohore. The plan for Cardiff then seems to be play balls over the top and use the pace of Reid and Murphy to try and attack, perhaps winning a set-piece or something from which they can manufacture an equaliser.,0

A double-switch made by Warnock in advance of the last 10 minutes. Paterson has run himself into the ground today and will be replaced by Ward up top.,0

Pochettino does go to his bench here as Lamela, who has been on good form in front of goal, comes on to take the place on Son.,0

Great play from Murphy who breaks quickly following a penalty appeal from Rose. He leads a counter for the visitors and does well to nudge the ball beyond Alderweireld, who blatantly blocks the path of the attacker to concede a free-kick, and also pick up a yellow card.,2

CARDIFF DOWN TO 10 MEN! Controversy here as Ralls sees red! Lucas poked the ball beyond him near the halfway line and looked poised to run in behind him, with Ralls cynically taking the attacker to ground making absolutely no attempt to play the ball. It certainly wasn't a goal-scoring opportunity, so was that simply just four the clear cynical nature of the foul? Seems harsh, and Warnock agrees.,3

Paterson has been a nuisance with his determined play up top today, and he causes Sanchez fits here to latch onto another long ball over the top, before being taken out rather cynically by the centre-half, who sees yellow.,2

SPURS HAVE LIFTOFF! 1-0! A short corner is played to Trippier, who bends a cross in for Sanchez. The centre-half dives away from goal to meet the header, which takes a couple of deflections before falling kindly into the path of Dier who really couldn't miss from five yards.,1

Napoli win a corner, but first they make another substitution, with their goalscorer Mertens making way for Milik.,0

A substitute too for Inter. Young, who has been walking a disciplinary tightrope since early in the first half, has made way for Biraghi.,0

Martinez's race is also run. The Barcelona-linked forward has struggled to find his best form today, and has made way now for Sanchez.,0

A double change now for Napoli. First, Elmas makes with for Fabian Ruiz, who scored the winner in the first leg.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! NAPOLI ARE LEVEL! Mertens has his goal, as he slots home at the end of a superb counter-attack which started from Ospina picking out Insigne, who in turn teed up his strike partner for a record-making goal.,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!! Eriksen scores from the corner! What a start for Inter, but what a howler that is from Ospina. Eriksen swung a cross in at the near post which evaded everyone before squirming through Ospina’s legs. It’s 1-0 to Inter and all level on aggregate.,1

GOAAAALLL!!! REAL MADRID HAVE A SIXTH!!! An error at the back from Valladolid helped Hazard pick up the ball in midfield, and he wasted no time in finding Vazquez, who had made a run into the box. Without hesitating, Vazquez picked out the bottom corner to beat Asenjo, which is the icing on the cake for Ancelotti.,1

GOAAALL ASENSIO!!!!! REAL MADRID 5-0 REAL VALLADOLID! Ancelotti's team continues to assert dominance in this fixture, and Asensio adds a goal to his assist for the afternoon. He initially picked out Rodrygo in the box, but he immediately returned the ball to the midfielder, who did not hesitate before smashing the ball past Asenjo using the inside of his left boot.,1

The crowd rise to their feet to applaud Vinicius for his display. As he laps it up, Ceballos makes his way onto the pitch.,0

GOAAALLL!! HAT-TRICK FOR BENZEMA! 4-0 REAL MADRID!!! This is incredible. Benzema has put the game to bed inside six minutes, and he completes his hat-trick in style with an overhead kick. Rodrygo worked his way into the box and lofted a cross towards the penalty spot, Valladolid left Benzema unmarked, and he punished them with a stunning attempt.,1

GOAAALLL!!! REAL MADRID 3-0!!! Seconds after combining for the second, Vinicius and Benzema combine for their side's third of the afternoon. Ancelotti's team carved their way through Valladolid's midfield with quickfire passes, with Rodyrgo finding Vinicius, who then turned to play in Benzema. The Frenchman worked himself a better angle and curled his shot into the top corner from the edge of the box. That goal was a work of art, and it is now 3-0 to Real Madrid.,1

GOAAALLLLL!! REAL MADRID 2-0 REAL VALLADOLID! Ancelotti's side are now two up inside 30 minutes, and it is Benzema that adds to his superb tally for the season. Vinicius did the hard work, working his way into a crossing position before flicking his pass to the far post. Benzema adjusted his body and stooped low to head into an empty net, with Asenjo stranded in the box.,1

GOAAALLL! REAL MADRID 1-0 REAL VALLADOLID!!! Rodrygo opens the scoring with a deadly finish, and we finally witness some composure in the box. After Valladolid lost possession, Asensio picked out his team-mate inside the area. He took one touch and then drilled the ball across the goal and past a helpless Asenjo.,1

GOAL! 1-1 LECCE! Well, well! Babacar gets forward on the counter but can't get a shot away. Majer takes over and crosses from the left. Mancosu nips just ahead of Bastoni to poke the ball past Handanovic! ,1

GOAL! 1-0 INTER! It's Bastoni who gets it! Inter take the corner short to Biraghi. He whips it in and Bastoni powers a header past Gabriel at his near post!,1

Here's that Inter change, but it's like-for-like. Godin's the one who goes off. The 20-year-old Bastoni replaces him.,0

Lecce make a substitution. The hard-working Lapadula goes off. The Slovenian midfielder Majer comes on for him.,0

Donati stays down after a nasty clash between him and Barella. Lecce's wing-back eventually gets to his feet and is booked.,2

HE'S OFF!!! Frustrations boil over for Atleti as Roque runs in behind the defence on the counter-attack. Molina's the last man back, and shunts the substitute to the floor, conceding a dangerous free-kick and being shown an instant red card!!! It's not been the Rojiblancos' game whatsoever, and they're now down to 10 players to compound a miserable 90 minutes.,3

Another yellow card is out and this time it's for Barrios, who catches Casado late with a reckless lunge well after the ball had gone.,2

One La Masia graduate replaces another for Barca in the first of their last two changes, with Marc Casado on in place of Fort at left-back.,0

Lopez's well-taken header has added further polish to a dominant Blaugrana display, and he comes off now for Inigo Martinez to see the game out in defence.,0

Oriol Romeu will also enter proceedings late on for Barca, slotting into Roberto's role at the base of their midfield three.,0

His goal against his parent club got Barca up and running in the first half, and Joao Felix comes off to a mixed reception at the Metropolitano as he's replaced by Vitor Roque.,0

De Paul is withdrawn in Atletico's final change, with Saul Niguez taking the booked Argentine's place in midfield for the hosts.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Lopez might just have sealed it for Barcelona!! Gundogan's cross-field pass is collected by Kounde, who has Lewandowski in support. The striker whips a pinpoint cross into the middle, where Lopez arrives to send a bullet header beyond the grasp of Oblak and into the top-left corner!! The pass, the cross and the finish were all done to perfection in that move, and at 3-0 up, this game is surely Barca's from here on in!,1

Savic clips Joao Felix late as the opening goalscorer collects a pass, with the Serbian going into the book for that foul on his former team-mate.,2

Lamine Yamal comes on in Barca's first substitution of the game, and he'll replace Raphinha on the right after an effective performance from the Brazilian.,0

Another pair of changes coming for the hosts, with Llorente off for Koke in a like-for-like midfield switch.,0

GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Lewandowski makes it two!!! Depay turns away from two defenders to keep possession for the hosts, but De Paul then gives it straight back to Raphinha with a poor, poor pass. He dinks the ball into Lewandowski's path, and the striker steps away from Reinildo before smashing an off-balance shot across the face of goal and in off the far post!! A nightmare start to the second period for Atletico, and Lewandowski makes them pay with a clinical strike for 2-0!!,1

A wild start to the second half for De Paul, who slides in unbelievably late on Roberto, catches the Barca captain, and is shown a yellow card all within 20 seconds of the restart!,2

Simeone elects to make two half-time changes, as former Barcelona forward Memphis Depay comes on in place of Morata.,0

Another ex-Blaugrana attacker enters the fray in the form of Antoine Griezmann, who replaces Lino in a change that will likely see Riquelme operate from a much wider position on the left flank.,0

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! It's that man again for Barcelona!! An initial attack breaks down, but the visitors continue to press and Gundogan dribbles his way to the edge of the box. He finds Lewandowski on the left side, and the striker's cutback is steered into the back of the net by a deft first-time finish from Joao Felix!!! The Atletico loanee comes back to haunt his parent club once more, and puts the Blaugrana 1-0 up in this must-win contest!,1

Kounde swipes at the ankles of Riquelme from behind to take the Atleti forward to ground, and he's met by the referee who shows him the first yellow card of the contest.,2

Pavard goes into the book for a heavy challange on Grealish, who is not happy after being caught by the Bayern man's trailing leg.,2

City loanee Cancelo enters the fray to a chorus of boos, replacing Davies after the Canadian was booked earlier this half. The Portugal international probably expected a slightly warmer welcome!,0

GOAAAAAAAL! CITY DO GET A THIRD AS HAALAND STRIKES! City work a corner short and deliver from a deep position on the right, with Stones waiting at the back post. The England man nods across goal to Haaland, who stretches to knock in a third! City are in dreamland, they have a 3-0 lead in the Champions League quarter-finals!,1

GOAAAAAAAL! SILVA PUTS CITY 2-0 UP! The hosts get the all-important second goal through Silva! Bayern are masters of their own downfall as Upamecano is inexplicably caught in possession by Grealish, who sends Haaland clear with a neat backheel. The Norwegian shapes to shoot but instead lifts a great cross towards Silva, who heads in despite Sommer getting a touch!,1

Tuchel responds to Alvarez's introduction with a change of his own. Former Liverpool forward Mane replaces Musiala.,0

City make the first change of the match as Guardiola cautiously replaces De Bruyne after his knock. Alvarez is on to play just off of Haaland.,0

Davies becomes the first Bayern player booked for a foul high up near the corner flag, which allows City to relieve the pressure.,2

GOAAAAAAAAAL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM RODRI! 1-0! Just as Bayern were beginning to build some momentum, City go ahead through a wonderful goal! Rodri turns inside Musiala after receiving Silva's pass 30 yards from goal, and with few options, the Spaniard goes for goal with a curling, left-footed attempt. Sommer has no chance as the shot arcs into the top-left corner! What a goal!,1

Pereira takes his time limping off despite the whistles from the Chelsea fans. Kurzawa takes his place.,0

Wilson is booked for a bad tackle on Sterling after the Chelsea winger beat three men in white and was racing towards the box.,2

Pereira gets booked for a sliding tackle on Cucurella. VAR takes a moment to check for a possible red due to foul play, but they deem a yellow a good enough punishment.,2

GOAAAAL! JOELINTON ADDS A FIFTH! What a way to cap a brilliant Newcastle display! Guimaraes sends his compatriot clear with a terrific driven ball, and he does the rest. Joelinton is too quick for Coufal and Zouma, and Fabianski has no chance as he drills into the bottom-right corner for his brace! 5-1!,1

Downes is booked after the West Ham substitute chopped Isak down on halfway. That challenge was a sign of the hosts' frustration.,2

GOAAAAAL! ISAK MAKES IT 4-1 AS FABIANSKI GIFTS NEWCASTLE ANOTHER! Moyes will be absolutely raging. Fabianski races from his line to intercept a long ball from Guimaraes, but he takes a poor touch with his thigh, and it drops to Isak. The substitute keeps his cool from 30 yards out, lobbing the ball into an empty net to surely kill this game!,1

Joelinton catches Paqueta with a late challenge in midfield, and the Newcastle man goes into the book.,2

GOAAAAAL! NEWCASTLE ARE GIFTED A THIRD! Moyes cannot believe his eyes! Oh my word, what are West Ham doing? Fabianski rolls the ball to Aguerd, who is inexplicably caught in possession by Murphy on the edge of the box. The winger squares it to Wilson, who taps in to restore Newcastle's two-goal cushion! 3-1!,1

Emerson flies into a challenge on Murphy, winning the ball but sending the Newcastle man over. The referee feels the challenge was reckless, and the left-back picks up the game's first yellow card.,2

GOAAAL! ZOUMA GETS ONE BACK! 2-1! West Ham come again and win a corner on the right. Bowen whips it towards the back post, where Pope completely misses his punch, allowing Zouma to head into an unguarded net. Game on!,1

GOAL GIVEN! NEWCASTLE LEAD 2-0! Craig Pawson points to the centre-spot, it's onside! Replays show Joelinton timed his run to perfection, with West Ham left-back Emerson dropping too deep on the far side. Out of nowhere, the Magpies have a two-goal lead!,1

GOAAAAAL! WILSON HEADS NEWCASTLE IN FRONT! West Ham are made to pay for that cheap concession of a set-piece! The Hammers deal with the first delivery but the ball reaches Saint-Maximin on the right. The winger swings a fine left-footed cross into the area, and Wilson is completely unmarked as he nods into the top-left corner! 1-0!,1

Norwood catches Mpanzu very late indeed with a poor challenge, and it's one that earns the veteran Blades midfielder a yellow card.,2

Robinson's had a last few minutes to forget, to say the least, and Rhian Brewster replaces him with Chris Wilder going all-out-attack for the final throws of this pulsating contest.,0

Archer's also brought off despite scoring in the latter stages last time out, and William Osula enters proceedings in the final third for the Blades.,0

The Blades make a triple change in a bid to throw the dice and rescue this game, with Oliver Norwood replacing Vinicius at the base of their midfield.,0

Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu's on for Luton, and he's replace Andros Townsend as Rob Edwards tries to keep hold of his side's slender lead.,0

Robinson's frustration continues as he throws Ogbene to the ground while contesting a loose ball with the Luton substitute, and he's shown a deserved yellow card for that rash challenge.,2

Luton bring off their goalscorer Doughty after getting back on level terms, with Mads Andersen introduced both in an effort to keep things tight at the back, and provide options for set-pieces in the final third.,0

Baldock is booked amidst the chaos of that own-goal, with the referee not happy with something said to him by the Blades' right back.,2

Meanwhile, Anis Ben Slimane comes on for Sheffield United, replacing the booked Hamer in the heart of their midfield.,0

Luton also throw on Chiedozie Ogbene in a bid to get back into this game, with the Irish international replacing Giles out wide.,0

Having seen their 1-0 lead evaporate in the last few minutes, Luton make a double change in the final third, with Carlton Morris on to lead the line in place of Adebayo.,0

GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! The Blades have turned it around here!!! McBurnie keeps a cleared Baldock cross alive with a brilliant cut-back from the byline, and after neither McAtee nor Archer can turn it goalwards from close range, the captain Ahmedhodzic arrives in the box to side-foot the ball into the far corner!!! An unbelievable last 10 minutes have seen Sheffield United go from 1-0 down to 2-1 up, and Bramall Lane is absolutely rocking!,1

GOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! The hosts are level!!! Archer chests down a high ball for McAtee and the midfielder surges forward into Luton's box. Lokonga and Bell both slide in to dispossess the Manchester City loanee and knock him off-balance, but McAtee is still able to get the ball to McBurnie and the striker rifles it into the bottom corner!!! 1-1 in the scrappiest of fashions at Bramall Lane, but the Blades won't care one jot!,1

Max Lowe will come on for hosts as we gear up for the start of the second half, replacing Brooks in a change that will likely see Hamer and Archer occupy more central roles in Sheffield United's midfield and attack.,0

Luton keep the ball brilliantly as they look to engineer a chance in the final third. Lokonga is too quick for Hamer, releasing a pass before being clattered late by the Sheffield United midfielder, who is promptly shown a yellow card.,2

GOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Luton lead at Bramall Lane!!! After scrappily clearing the ball away from their own end, the Hatters finally bring it down on halfway and Lokonga passes wide to Doughty. The wing-back then sets off on a remarkable run into the box, beating Robinson around the outside before smashing a low shot that goes through the legs of Foderingham and into the back of the net!!! 1-0 to the Hatters, and it comes from a player who is just getting better and better with every passing week!,1

Adebayo gets the run on Ahmedhodzic after winning the battle for a loose ball, but he's tugged back and tripped by the Sheffield United captain, who is booked as the referee blows for a free-kick.,2

LIVERPOOL LEAD! It's yet another corner into the box from Alexander-Arnold and Mane pulls away from his defender to make the run to the near post and flick his header into the far side netting. 2-1 Liverpool!,1

ROBERTSON EQUALISES! None of the Villa defenders spotted his run around the back to the far post and he gets on the end of Mane's cross and nods it past Heaton and into the back of the net. 1-1!,1

Villa make their final substitution of the game now as well and it's Kodija that's coming on for Wesley.,0

Final roll of the dice for Klopp now as he looks to get something out of this game and it's Lallana that makes way for Keita.,0

El Ghazi is the latest player to be shown a yellow card after he catches Oxlade-Chamberlain with a late challenge. ,2

Smith makes his first change of the game now as well and it's Guilbert that's coming off to be replaced by El Mohamady because of an injury. ,0

Klopp has decided it's time to make some changes and he makes a double substitution. Wijnaldum is the first player to make way and he's replaced by Origi.,0

Mane receives the first yellow card of the game for diving. He was under pressure from Guilbert when he went to ground, but there was no contact from the defender.,2

VILLA LEAD! It's a great free-kick from McGinn and Trezeguet is left unmarked at the far post as he runs onto it and fires his shot over Alisson and into the back of the net. 1-0 Villa!,1

Vazquez is felled by the combative Alex Lopez, who has been excellent during this second half. The Espanyol midfielder is cautioned for the foul.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!!! ROSALES SCORES AN ABSOLUTE STUNNER!! Roca floats in a pearler of a pass towards the Madrid area, where the substitute Rosales finds himself with the freedom of the RCDE Stadium to power a first-time volley past a frozen Courtois! Manzano had to consult VAR before officially awarding the goal, but it is now 4-2 to Madrid and the hosts now have a glimmer of hope!,1

Marcelo is brought on for Modric in Solari’s last substitution of the game in an attempt to shore up the defence following Varane’s sending off.,0

VARANE IS SENT OFF!! The substitute Piatti is brought down from behind just outside of the penalty area by the France defender, who happened to be the last man in defence. Madrid must soldier on with 10 men as Marcelo is being readied to come on.,3

Baptistao, who hasn't been able to shake off his injury in the build-up to Bale's goal, comes off for Piatti.,0

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! BALE MAKES IT 4-1!! Vazquez does brilliantly to pick the pockets of Baptistao, he exchanges passes with Benzema before finding Bale. The substitute finds time to take a touch in the chaotic box before firing past Diego Lopez!,1

Solari takes off young Vinicius and brings on Bale in a like-for-like swap for his second change of the match.,0

Rubi also makes a change, hooking off Vila and sending on Rosales for his first substitution of the game.,0

Ramos is hooked off for Nacho for the remainder of the match following the former’s earlier injury scare.,0

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! BENZEMA GETS A BRACE!! With half-time approaching, Kroos spreads the ball out wide to Benzema, who runs in on goal before attempting to play in Vinicius. The Brazilian wonderkid is tackled at the vital moment, but Benzema slots the loose ball past Diego Lopez to make it 3-1 at the worst possible time for Rubi’s charges!,1

Garcia catches Ramos, and Manzano brings out the yellow card for the Espanyol forward while the Real Madrid defender is being looked at by club medics. He gets back up, but Nacho is being readied from the bench just in case.,2

Ramos trips the goalscorer Baptistao metres from Manzano’s view as the latter charged towards the Madrid half, and the referee has no hesitation in booking the Spain defender. The atmosphere at the RCDE Stadium has changed, and the home faithful are now rocking!,2

GOOOAAALLLL!!! ESPANYOL ARE BACK IN IT!! Baptistao makes up for his miss only a minute ago with a powerful strike past Courtois after finding space in the Madrid box following a shot that was deflected by Vazquez!! It’s now 2-1, and the home crowd have raised the volume considerably!,1

GOOOOAAALLLL!!! RAMOS DOUBLES REAL’S ADVANTAGE!! Real take advantage of Espanyol’s well-documented troubles with defending set-pieces. Modric whips in a teasing cross for the Los Blancos skipper to leap highest and meet with a looping header past a scrambling Diego Lopez for his third goal in two games!! It's 2-0 to Real, and things go from bad to worse for Espanyol!,1

Roca becomes the first player in the match to be carded for a bad challenge on the returning Kroos. Frustration already showing for the home side who won’t be pleased at conceding so early on.,2

GOOOAAALLLL!!! MADRID BAG AN EARLY LEAD!! Modric does brilliantly to gallop towards goal with all the freedom of the pitch, and fires an effort that Diego Lopez has to beat away but for the unmarked Benzema to slot it in the back of the net for his eighth league goal of the season! It's 1-0 to Los Blancos, and Rubi couldn’t have wished for a worse start!,1

CHANCE! Bernardeschi's free-kick is met by De Sciglio, but the defender can only glance wide. That is pretty much as good a chance as the visitors have created today, from effectively the final cross of the game.,2

Antenucci is on for Petagna. SPAL have gone with four across the back for the closing stages, but that is just inviting pressure on themselves. Can they see out the remaining few minutes for a famous win?,0

Missiroli is booked for a pulling back on the shirt of Cuadrado. The Juventus winger, surprisingly being given 90 minutes on his return to action, should also have been cautioned for retaliating.,2

Play is being constantly broken up now. SPAL make another change, introducing Regini in place of Floccari - the scorer of their second goal - for the closing stages.,0

Cancelo makes the most of the contact from Fares, but he was definitely caught and the referee has no real choice but to reach into his pocket. Fares will now miss his side's next match.,2

Allegri has seen enough - on comes Bernardeschi, who the Juve manager would no doubt have wanted to keep on the bench today. Barzagli is the player to make way.,0

Floccari is cautioned for his celebration. Can you blame him?! SPAL are on course for a famous victory!,2

GOOOOAAALLL!!! SPAL 2-1 JUVENTUS! The hosts complete the comeback!! Murgia gets to the ball before Nicolussi can react and he plays it into the path of Floccari. The striker has time to take a couple of touches of the ball before sweeping it into the far corner. There is a VAR check to determine whether Murgia handled the ball in the build-up but it hit his chest.,1

SPAL's first change of the match sees Valdifiori replace Schiattarella. The home side have all the momentum on their side.,0

With his side being pushed back, Allegri brings on Nicolussi for Kastanos in the first change of the game.,0

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! SPAL 1-1 JUVENTUS! This makes things interesting! SPAL deservedly level up the contest through Bonifazi's header, getting on the end of Schiattarella's inswinging corner around eight yards from goal. He heads it into the ground and past Perin.,1

Cancelo slides in on Bonifazi and does not win enough of the ball for the referee's liking, leading to the third yellow card of the day.,2

Cuadrado enters the referee's book for a body block on Fares. The referee should probably have shown a yellow to Bentancur for his elbow on Murgia, too.,2

GOOOOOAAALLL!!! SPAL 0-1 JUVENTUS! An instinctive finish from Kean gives Juve the lead! Cancelo collects a return pass from Bentancur and pulls the trigger from outside the box. The ball looks to be going wide but Kean sticks out a foot to send the ball the opposite way, giving Viviano no real chance of keeping it out.,1

The corner goes right through Juventus' six-yard box without a touch. Just as the hosts were building some momentum, Dybala is taken out by Lazzari for the first booking of the match.,2

And Bentancur is also booked for the coming together, though the Uruguayan is still complaining when the referee walks away from him.,2

There's a coming together between Reed and Bentancur, and the referee has to step in to calm things down. The Fulham midfielder is booked for his part in the argument.,2

Iwobi, who has given Udogie a hard time down the right and managed four key passes in this game, also goes off. De Cordova-Reid replaces him.,0

Fulham's final change is a triple one. The other goalscorer, Lukic, is taken off, with Reed on in his place.,0

Johnson has just had his name taken by the referee, and he's now going off, with Richarlison given 10 minutes to try and make an impact.,0

Son catches Palhinha with a late challenge, and Spurs aren't happy that the free-kick is given against them. Johnson crosses a line with his protests, and is booked for dissent.,2

Fulham are making their second change now. Pereira is taken off, with Wilson brought on in his place.,0

Postecoglou is making a triple change in reaction to conceding their third goal of the game. Bissouma, who was booked not too long ago, is taken off for Hojbjerg.,0

Muniz is still struggling after getting that kick to the calf from Dragusin earlier, and he goes down again. He's going to have to go off, with Jimenez making his return from injury in his place.,0

It's clumsy from Bissouma, who has hold of Palhinha's arm before he clips the back of his heels. He's protesting his innocence, but it doesn't stop him from getting a yellow card.,2

MUNIZ SCORES AGAIN! It's a mess from Spurs as the corner comes in from Pereira, and Palhinha nods it down to Bassey at the far post. He turns away from Romero and smacks his shot off the near post, and Muniz is waiting in the middle. He gets there ahead of Dragusin, who kicks the Brazilian's calf in his attempt to get the ball, but Muniz's touch is enough to take it trickling over the line. 3-0 Fulham!,1

Maddison skips away from Palhinha, who lunges in but gets nowhere near the ball. Instead, he catches Maddison on the ankle with his studs, and he receives the first booking of the game.,2

LUKIC SCORES! What a start to the second half for the Cottagers! Spurs are wide open in midfield, and Lukic has so much time to pick out a pass to Iwobi on the right. He helps it out to Castagne, who whips a dangerous cross into the box, and Lukic gets in front of his defender at the near post to get a touch which takes it past Vicario for his first Fulham goal. 2-0 Fulham!,1

MUNIZ SCORES! Leno goes long, and Pereira just helps it out to Robinson on the left. Porro barely has time to close him down before the American curls a brilliant early cross into the box, and Muniz has time to get it out of his feet before drilling a low shot back across goal. After a very quick VAR check, it stands! 1-0 Fulham!,1

MILITAO SCORES! And it's a brilliant header! Asensio swings another good corner into the box and he picks out Militao, who makes a run into the middle from the edge of the box. He rises highest to thump a bullet header past Villar and into the far bottom corner before Villar can react. 2-0 Madrid!,1

There's a change for Celta at the start of the second half. It's Solari that's taken off, with Cervi on in his place.,0

Veiga is getting away from Ceballos, and the Madrid man trips him before bundling him over. He can't believe he's being shown a yellow card, but it's one that means he'll miss the next match.,2

ASENSIO SCORES! It starts with another wonderful throughball down the right from Ceballos to pick out Vinicius, and this time, he gets the pullback right. Asensio doesn't have to break stride as he hits it first time, and a slight deflection off Nunez helps it loop into the back of the net. 1-0 Madrid!,1

Vazquez seemed to slip as he closed down Ceballos, and he crashes into the midfielder. He protests his innocence, but he's still shown the first yellow card of the game.,2

SUB: Aurier has endured a tough outing and makes way for teenager Fagan-Walcott, who is on for his Tottenham debut.,0

GOOAAALLLL!!! FORSBERG! 3-0 Leipzig! 4-0 on aggregate! With his first touch! Leipzig once again break in numbers, and after Winks and Sessegnon dive in front of shots inside the area, Forsberg fires past Lloris. The Leipzig players were queueing up.,1

SUB: Tottenham make a first change. Lo Celso, often their chief creator, is off for Fernandes. There appears no way back into this one.,0

YELLOW: This game is getting really scrappy, which might well suit Leipzig. Sabitzer chops down Alli and gets a card.,2

YELLOW: Now Alli is booked for a foul from behind on Angelino. This has been a very frustrating outing for Tottenham's striker.,2

YELLOW: Now Winks gets a card, but he will feel he has no choice. The midfielder hacks down Laimer as he kickstarts a counter from Tottenham's latest poor set-piece.,2

YELLOW: Sessegnon is now on a booking up against the dangerous Mukiele. The Tottenham wing-back steps on his opponent as he attempts to make a challenge.,2

GOOAAALLLL!!! SABITZER AGAIN! 2-0 Leipzig! 3-0 on aggregate! And awful from Lloris again! Sabitzer gets across his man from Angelino's left-wing cross and heads towards the near post, where Lloris can only parry against the post. The ball bounces over the line, and Leipzig are running away with it!,1

GOOAAALLLL!!! SABITZER! 1-0 Leipzig! 2-0 on aggregate! Sabitzer scores, yet this is poor from Lloris. A sweeping 20-yard strike is hard and low but should be gathered by the goalkeeper, who instead palms the ball into the bottom-left corner. Big blow for Tottenham!,1

Savic is shown a yellow card for dissent following a collision that leaves the centre-back's head heavily bandaged. The Atletico Madrid centre-back is demanding a yellow card be shown to his opponent, but it is he who receives the booking.,2

Hernandez comes off, helped by two members of the medical staff, with the centre-back apparently unable to put much weight on his leg. Terrats comes on to replace him late in the game.,0

GIRONA CUT THE DEFICIT IN HALF! 2-1! It had to be Riquelme, who fails to celebrate against his parent club, with the forward on loan at the Catalan club from Atletico Madrid. It’s a well-struck hit from 25 yards out, with the low shot taking a deflection on its way through to beat Oblak!,1

Hernandez is a step late to get to Correa, leading him to step across the path of the Argentina international to bring him down. It’s a yellow card for the Girona centre-back - the third booking of the game.,2

Cunha’s tackle on Garcia lands him in trouble with the referee, who shows the Brazil international a yellow card.,2

ANOTHER FOR CORREA! 2-0! It’s one the goalkeeper will want to forget immediately as Juan Carlos’s sloppy pass out to Bueno is immediately intercepted by Correa, who promptly tucks the ball into the back of the net!,1

Gimenez comes across and uses his body to win the ball from Martinez but the referee spots a stomp on the ankle of the wing-back, who is down on the pitch in some distress. It’s a yellow card for the Atletico centre-back, who is somewhat lucky to just pick up a warning.,2

A FIRST ATTACK LEADS TO A GOAL! 1-0 ATLETICO! A lovely move for the hosts ends in a back-post finish for Correa, with the winger getting on the end of Griezmann’s scooped cross to prod it into the back of the net!,1

GOAAALLLLLL REAL MADRID 2-2 CELTA VIGO - Mina makes an immediate impact, and he levels the game with one of his first touches. He raced through the heart of the Madrid defence, and Celta have carved through them like a hot knife through butter. Fellow sub, Suarez played the pass, and Mina fired past Courtois!,1

Bale leaves the field to a round of applause and Zidane sends on Mendy. That may mean a change in formation but for now Mendy has gone out towards the right wing.,0

Kroos' last invovlement is to concede the throw-in and he could well be tonight's man of the match. On comes Modric for the final 10 minutes.,0

Yokuslu loses the ball in midfield, and he shows his frustration by booting Kroos into the air. Naturally, the referee shows him a yellow card!,2

Now Carvajal flies into Rafinha, and the former Barcelona man is having to play through the pain at the moment.,2

Bale is now in the book after a poor tackle through the back of Rafinha. That was naughty from the Welshman, and he is lucky to get away with that.,2

GOAAALLLLLL REAL MADRID 2-1 CELTA VIGO - The visitors are punished, and Ramos continues his stunning record for a centre-back. The Spaniard took one stride before aiming for the bottom left-hand corner. Blanco went the right way, but he was never going to stop the shot from Ramos.,1

GOAAALLLLLL REAL MADRID 1-1 CELTA VIGO - Kroos fires Madrid back level, and we now have a real game on our hands. Benzema started the move as he played in Marcelo before the left-back turned a cross towards the edge of the box. The pass was meant for Benzema, but Kroos got their first, and he placed his shot into the bottom corner.,1

GOAAAALLLLL REAL MADRID 0-1 CELTA VIGO - Smolov fires the visitors into the lead, and the fans inside the Santiago Bernabeu are stunned. The forward stayed onside and raced onto Aspas's pass before firing into the bottom corner past Courtois.,1

Van de Ven attempts to make a long, slow walk off the pitch, but the referee shepherds him off at the nearest point. Emerson is on for the last few minutes.,0

Spurs' second change is a defensive one. Dragusin comes on to make his Premier League debut as he replaces Skipp.,0

Werner's Spurs debut comes to an end after 80 minutes as he's replaced by Gil in Postecoglou's first change.,0

United's second change of the game sees Martinez make his return from a long injury lay-off as he replaces Evans.,0

With United struggling to get a foothold so far in the second half, Ten Hag is making his first change. Eriksen is taken off, with McTominay on in his place.,0

BENTANCUR EQUALISES! What a start to the second half for Spurs! Romero cuts United's midfield wide open with a throughball into Skipp, and he drives through the middle before switching it out to Werner on the left. He lays it off to Bentancur, who runs at Evans, gets a yard on the defender, and fires a powerful shot past Onana and into the far corner. 2-2!,1

Hojlund tried to prevent Spurs from taking a quick free-kick inside their own half by walking over the ball, and then gets involved in an argument with Romero. He's booked for time-wasting.,2

RASHFORD SCORES! United are back in the lead! It's been coming in the last few minutes, and the hosts win it back high upfield once more. It's quickly worked out to the left, and Rashford plays a one-two with Hojlund before drilling a low shot past Vicario and into the far bottom corner. 2-1 United!,1

The offside flag goes up against Spurs, and when the whistle goes to signal the decision, Bentancur kicks the ball away. He's booked for time-wasting.,2

Wan-Bissaka slides in on Johnson, and though he got the ball, he took out the Spurs man with his follow-through. He gets the first booking of the game, much to United's frustration.,2

RICHARLISON EQUALISES! Spurs win another corner, and Porro floats it into the crowd on the edge of the six-yard box. Richarlison rises above everyone else to flick it onto the far post, and it bounces in at the far post to bring Spurs level. 1-1!,1

HOJLUND SCORES! What a start for United! Onana gets rid of it quickly to Garnacho, and he tees up Fernandes for a wonderful pass over the top for Rashford. He cuts inside from the left but runs into Hojlund before Udogie nicks it off the Englishman, but the interception goes straight to Hojlund, who gets it out of his feet and rifles it into the roof of the net. 1-0 United!,1

Barcelona make another change to try and slow the game down. Two former Chelsea players are switched with Christensen coming off for Alonso.,0

Sorloth is replaced by Fernandez. The former Crystal Palace striker had a huge chance to score the equaliser earlier in the game but missed the target from close range.,0

With a goal to his name, Dembele is now off the pitch. Fati is on and will play on the left wing with Raphinha on the right.,0

Kubo has been Sociedad's best player, but is now coming off. Navarro will look to make the difference in the final 12 minutes.,0

A second change for Barcelona. Balde is given a rest with Raphinha coming on. Araujo is now at left-back with Busquets moving to centre-back.,0

Zubimendi is protesting his innocence but receives a yellow card. Gavi gets past the midfielder, with the Sociedad man pulling his shirt to stop him from progressing.,2

Pedri is now in the book after pulling Kubo's shirt with the Sociedad man breaking forward with pace.,2

Busquets receives Barcelona's first yellow card of the game after committing a tactical foul on Barrenetxea.,2

GOAALLLL! DEMBELE SCORES! 1-0 BARCELONA! The home side have a deserved lead. On the right, Kounde curls a low pass down the flank to the midfielder. Rushing forward into the box, he powers an effort towards the near post with the goalkeeper diving the other way. He gets a touch on the shot but cannot push it away.,1

The second Sociedad substitution comes in the attack. Quiet in the first half, Oyarzabal is replaced by Barrenetxea.,0

RED CARD! After checking the monitor, Mendez is sent off after a high tackle on Busquets. He stood on the ankle of the Barcelona man after going late into a challenge.,3

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 2-3 BARCELONA! Hello? What's this? Are Athletic still alive in this game? Berenguer rushes onto a sloppy Barca backpass and finds Muniain, who darts inside to curl a fabulous first-time effort into the far bottom corner. Messi shakes his head.,1

Dani Garcia gets booked for his lack of sportsmanship. He's only been on the pitch for a minute or two.,2

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 1-3 BARCELONA! Dembele dribbles into Athletic's box before deciding to pass back. Barca circulate the ball to the opposite side and Messi lashes in off the crossbar from Griezmann's cross having ghosted into the box. It was going in before Simon can even raise a glove. That is laughably good.,1

Lenglet gets an avoidable booking for saying too much to the referee. The Frenchman is now suspended for Barca's next league match.,2

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 1-2 BARCELONA! Messi gives Barca the lead! It's a deft finish from the Argentine who calmly rolls the ball into the net from Pedri's clever backheel 15 yards out.,1

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 1-1 BARCELONA! De Jong reaches the byline and loops a high cross back towards the far post. Pedri arrives in the six-yard box at the right time to nod it into the net.,1

GOAL! ATHLETIC BILBAO 1-0 BARCELONA! Athletic take a stunning early lead! Williams bursts past Barca's high defensive line to latch onto Raul Garcia's throughball and bear down on the box. The forward takes a touch inside past Lenglet and fires low past ter Stegen!,1

GOALLL! MBAPPE SCORES! 2-0 PSG! That should secure the win for the visitors. Dembele has possession on the right corner of the box and is put under pressure by two defenders. Mbappe runs into the space left behind by the Lens players and drives his low effort across the goal and into the bottom left-corner past Samba.,1

Haise makes his final substitution to try and change the outcome for Lens. El Aynaoui runs of the pitch and is replaced by Sishuba.,0

Lens make their third change in quick succession. Wahi is given a rest after an energetic performance in the attack, causing some problems for the PSG defence and winning two fouls. Said is on.,0

Costa has been the quietest of the Lens attackers and has had just 25 touches without having a shot. Thomasson takes his place.,0

Haise makes a straight swap in the midfield to add a fresh pair of legs. Diouf has been combative and has made four tackles, but is coming off for Fulgini.,0

PSG make their first change. Soler has been the quietest of the three midfielders in the side and is now being replaced by Fabian Ruiz.,0

Lens make a change at the break. Maouassa was lively down the left and won a penalty, but has been replaced by Quintero.,0

RED CARD! Gradit is sent off in the final few minutes of the first half for tripping Barcola on the edge of the box. After a very short VAR check, his yellow card turns into red for denying a goal-scoring opportunity.,3

GOALLL! BARCOLA SCORES! 1-0 PSG! The visitors take the lead. Mbappe has possession inside Lens' half on the left and he waits for support instead of driving forward with possession. The striker rolls a perfect throughball between two defenders and into the path of Barcola, who is one-on-one with Samba and chips his effort from a tight angle into the net.,1

GOALLL!!! 1-1 MILAN!!! SAELEMAEKERS!!! Milan have found an equaliser in the dying seconds of the game as Saelemaekers scores at the back post! Leao sends in a brilliant cross to the far post and Saelemaekers gets on the end of it, with Patricio making a poor attempt to save the effort. What a finish to this game!,1

GOALLLL!!!! 1-0 ROMA!!!! ABRAHAM!!! Abraham scores with the first shot on target in the match! Celik goes on a lung-busting run down the right flank before passing to Abraham in the box. The striker takes a touch before firing the ball into the bottom left corner.,1

Cristante receives a yellow card after he tactically fouls De Ketelaere to stop a dangerous counter-attack.,2

El Shaarawy comes on for Belotti at the break after the striker was injured late on in the first period.,0

Mitrovic kicks the ball away to stop Liverpool from taking a quick free-kick and is booked for time-wasting.,2

Lemina was breaking quickly for Fulham and Keita tackled him to the ground to stop it and earn himself a booking.,2

Double change for Liverpool now and Neco Williams is the first to make way, with Alexander-Arnold replacing him.,0

Lemina is booked after he steps across Jota to try and win the ball back before tugging his shirt back.,2

FULHAM LEAD! Cavaleiro's free-kick is headed away by Robertson, but Salah doesn't clear his lines when it drops to him on the edge of the box. Lemina outmuscles him to nick it off him before drilling his shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Fulham! ,1

Tete slides in on Jota and he did get a touch of the ball, but he took out the forward to give away a free-kick in a dangerous position and pick up the first booking of the game.,2

Alex Sandro picks up a booking now after he taps the ankle of Albiol in a challenge that the Napoli man has a rather frenzied, belated reaction to.,2

YES THEY CAN! BONUCCI FOR JUVENTUS! 3-1! That is very likely the ball game as the defender pokes in Ronaldo's low header, knocked towards the far post from the set-piece. The champions look like they will keep their perfect start to the Serie A season intact.,1

Hamsik makes way for Fabian now, in Napoli's final change, as they wait for the set-piece to be taken. The visitors look to lift it over the defensive wall a moment later - and duly fail.,0

They've earned a stroke of fortune though; a set-piece chance on the left-edge of the Juve penalty area. Joao Cancelo gets a booking after he comes in and trip Koulibaly.,2

A couple of moments later, Juve make a second swap; Bernardeschi is brought on to replace Dybala following that earlier challenge.,0

A spate of changes now following that bout of bad temper. Napoli make a double swap with Zielinski off for Malcuit...,0

Insigne also gets a yellow, for what looks like a first shove on Bonucci. Tempers have flared quite impressively at the Allianz Stadium.,2

The continuing to and fro between players also sees Bonucci get off rather lightly after what appeared to be a headbutt on Insigne. The referee shows him a yellow; it could have easily been a red.,2

Napoli are down to 10 men! A second yellow card for Mario Rui, who catches Dybala with a crunching challenge that leaves the Juve man down on the floor. Both sets of players come together in a fairly ugly mess and the referee shows Rui a second yellow to send him off. ,3

IT'S TWO FOR MANDZUKIC! 2-1! Juventus snatch the lead in the opening exchanges of the second half through a little bit of luck. Ronaldo launches a low shot towards the bottom-left corner from outside the box, and Ospina dives to stop it. The keeper lands a glove on the ball, only to push it into his own post, from where it deflects back out into an open box for the Croatia man to duly knock home. Cruel for Napoli; elation for Juve.,1

Another Napoli foul, this time made by Koulibaly, gives Ronaldo a free-kick 30 or so yards out on the right wing. The defender is booked for his efforts too.,2

MANDZUKIC LEVELS FOR JUVENTUS! 1-1! It's a peach of a cross from Ronaldo out on the left of the box, after he sends the defender the wrong way - and the Croatia striker leaps up to nestle a wonderful header low past Ospina. All square again, inside half-an-hour.,1

MERTENS GIVES NAPOLI THE LEAD! 1-0! It's a dream start for the visitors as they go a goal up inside the opening 15 minutes. A lovely throughball is served up on a platter for Callejon on the right of the Juve box, and he squares across to his teammate to clip in behind Szczesny at the left post.,1

The scorer of Roma's second goal, Lukaku, heads to the bench as De Rossi makes another change. Azmoun is given the final few minutes to show what he can do.,0

El Shaaraway, who has been an influential figure for Roma in today's game, is substituted. Zalewski comes off the bench to replace him.,0

De Rossi makes a defensive change for Roma. Spinazzola, who has been heavily involved in an attacking sense for the Italian side, is replaced by Llorente.,0

De Zerbi makes another change and this time in the middle of the park, with Gilmour making way. Baleba comes on to replace him.,0

There's an alteration in attack for the Seagulls, with Ferguson coming on and Welbeck heading to the bench.,0

De Zerbi makes an alteration on the left-hand side of defence, with Estupinan coming on to replace Igor.,0

Paredes is replaced as De Rossi switches things up in midfield, and Bove is given an opportunity to impress.,0

GOOOAAAAAALLLLL!! 4-0 ROMA!! Spinazzola drives down the left-hand side, and he finds El Shaarawy inside the penalty area with a clever pass. The Italian winger delivers into the danger zone towards Cristante, who has burst forward from midfield, unmarked in the box, and he powers a header into the back of the net, leaving Steele with no chance!,1

GOOOOAAAAAALLLL!! 3-0 ROMA!! A corner comes into the penalty area, and it's headed away by Van Hecke. It falls to El Shaarawy who delivers back into the box, and Mancini has peeled away from his marker at the back post. He stretches and gets a toe to the cross, and it trickles past Steele and into the back of the net!,1

GOAAAAALLLL!! 2-0 ROMA!! A long ball in beyond the Brighton defence by Paredes is intercepted by Dunk, but the English defender fails to control the ball and Lukaku darts in front of him to intercept. He drives into the penalty area and ends up one-on-one with Steele, before firing into the bottom corner to double Roma's lead!,1

GOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-0 ROMA!! Paredes receives the ball inside his own half and spots the run of Dybala in behind the Brighton defence. He whips a superb pass into the Argentinian forward's path and he bears down on goal. Steele comes rushing out of his box, but Dybala takes it around him, and he fires it into an empty net! The assistant referee originally gave offside, but after a VAR review, it's a goal!,1

Milan make another change - and the work of the hero who put them back on this path is done. Sandro Tonali replaces Olivier Giroud.,0

Ballo-Toure brings down Faraoni, moments after the latter spurns a chance, and now Milan are shown their first yellow card of the game.,2

It has all gone so wrong for Verona - but there is enough time to rescue something here. Matteo Cancellieri replaces Darko Lazovic as they look for that response.,0

Milan make another change to back up their equaliser - and it's the one San Siro wants to see. Zlatan Ibrahimovic is on, replacing Ismael Bennacer.,0

GOAL! FRANCK KESSIE CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT FOR MILAN! 2-2! Suddenly, we are all square! It is a lovely penalty, flashed into the left side of the net as Montipo goes the wrong way. We're headed for winner-takes-all territory!,1

GOAL! OLIVIER GIROUD PULLS ONE BACK FOR MILAN! 2-1! The hosts are on the scoreboard and it is thanks to the veteran Frenchman! He rises to meet Leao's cross, flicked in off the left, and thunders a cracker of a header home at the near post. Nicely done!,1

Another foul, another yellow card. Veloso is the man to be handed a booking this time around. Verona will have to make sure they keep their noses clean.,2

Milan make the first of two changes at the break before the restart, as Samu Castillejo replaces Alexis Saelemaekers.,0

Casale becomes the latest Verona man to get booked and this one is a particularly sharp challenge on Leao too. It gets him into the game early.,2

Ante Rebic has been carrying a niggle since that early challenge - and he unfortunately must make way now. Rafael Leao is his replacement.,0

The only thing that can match Verona's haul of goals? Their haul of yellow cards. Kalinic now gets booked for a reckless high challenge in mid-air.,2

GOAL! ANTONIN BARAK CONVERTS THE PENALTY FOR VERONA! 2-0! This is turning into a superb half for the visitors. Tatarusanu reads the finish well, diving left towards the right post - but the shot is placed just out of reach, nestled into the bottom corner superbly.,1

GOAL! GIANLUCA CAPRARI PUTS VERONA IN FRONT! 1-0! Milan will fume at their defensive failures there, failing to clear their lines cleanly, but the visitors make the most immediately. Veloso heads the ball forward and his team-mate is there to lash a wonderful volley home. Superb stuff!,1

Ceccherini comes in on Rebic - quite heavily for the opening act of the match - and the result is an early yellow card. He'll have to watch himself from here on out.,2

GOOAAALLLLL! 3-1 MADRID! After almost conceding, Madrid wrap up the game in style. Benzema held the ball up well initially before receiving it back from Modric and burying it into the bottom corner.,1

GOOAAAALLL! 2-1 MADRID!! They've been limited to crosses into the box all game but this time the delivery was pinpoint. Mendy worked a corner short to Carvajal whose cross into the box was on a plate for Benzema to guide past Simon into the corner.,1

It's also the last we'll see of Williams who offered Athletic a brilliant outlet all game. Villalibre will lead the line for the last 25 minutes.,0

GOOOAAALLLLL! ATHLETIC ARE LEVEL! They've started the half well and now they're level. Capa made a brilliant surge up field before feeding De Marcos in behind the Madrid defence. The midfielder then gave it straight back to his team-mate who had his first effort brilliantly saved before finding the net on the rebound. 1-1!,1

GOOOAAAAALLLLL!! MADRID LEAD!! It looked like Athletic were going to survive until half-time but the hosts had other ideas. Some intricate play between Valverde and Vinicius teed up Kroos who thundered a shot from the edge of the area into the bottom corner. 1-0 Madrid!,1

RED CARD! Wow that seems harsh. Raul Garcia's game is over after just 14 minutes after he is booked for another challenge on Kroos. Neither seemed overly cynical nor were they committed in a dangerous area. ,3

NEVES SCORES! Cool as you like from the Wolves captain as he fires it in! He gets a lot of power on the spot-kick and drills his low shot into the bottom right corner. Johnstone goes the right way, but he can't keep it out. 2-0 Wolves!,1

Johnstone is protesting his innocence, claiming he got the ball, but it was a bad tackle and he's booked for it.,2

Olise is threatening to break down the right until Toti takes one for the team by dragging him back by his shirt and getting a booking.,2

Sa catches Guehi's header and looks to set his side on a quick counter. The defender runs across the back of him to stop it, and the hosts think that should be a booking, but instead, Sa is shown the yellow card for dissent.,2

Costa is the latest Wolves player to give away a corner, and he boots the ball away to stop Palace from taking it quickly. He's booked for dissent.,2

Schlupp got away with a crunching tackle a moment ago, but he crashes into Lemina very late from behind. He can have no arguments with that yellow card.,2

It's a double change for Palace this time. Lokonga is the first to go off, with Edouard on in his place.,0

There's a change at the break for Palace, and it's an enforced one. Andersen isn't coming back up after picking up an injury at the end of the first half. Ward replaces him.,0

Wolves attempt to break quickly after Eze gives the ball away and Hwang looks to set Neves away through the middle. Lokonga slides in late on him from behind, picking up a booking.,2

Olise plays a blind pass towards the halfway line, and Cunha is there to latch onto it. Milivojevic takes one for the team by pushing him aside, and picks up an early yellow card.,2

Late changes for Arsenal now, with Smith Rowe one of those coming off and he has been replaced by Elneny.,0

Aubameyang has hardly touched the ball for Arsenal so far, but he has just been booked for a challenge on Albiol.,2

Aubameyang is back on the pitch for Arsenal, he has been out for a while and the Gunners supporters will be pleased to see him back. He replaces Saka.,0

Double substitution by the hosts, with Pedraza is heading off the pitch and he has been replaced by Alberto Moreno.,0

RED CARD! Capoue dived into a challenge with Saka and caught the Arsenal man late and both players went down injured as a result. Capoue has come off worse, with the referee having to wait a few minutes while he received treatment, before showing him his second yellow card.,3

GOOOAAALLL! Arsenal have pulled one back and have a vital away goal, it’s 2-1! Saka was fouled by Trigueros to win the spot-kick and Pepe coolly converted, firing it down the middle of the goal as Rulli dived to his right. Could they go on and turn this game around now?,1

Here comes the first Arsenal change, with Odegaard the man coming off and he has been replaced by Martinelli.,0

It has gone from bad to worse for Arsenal! Ceballos has been shown a second yellow card for a late challenge on Parejo and the midfielder has been sent off. The Arsenal players are furious with the decision as there didn’t seem to be an awful lot of contact. However, the referee won’t change his mind and Arsenal are down to 10-men.,3

Villarreal have made a chance ahead of the second half, with Alcacer the man coming off and he has been replaced by Coquelin.,0

Foyth once again races forward from the back and Ceballos clips his ankles in order to stop him from breaking into the final third. A deliberate foul and he is booked.,2

The first yellow card of the game is shown to Torres for his late challenge on Saka deep down the right wing.,2

GOOOAAALLL! Villarreal double their lead, Albiol fires them 2-0 ahead! It comes after a corner is whipped into the box from the left by Parejo and Moreno flicks it on towards Albiol at the back post, who fires it into the back of the net from close range. The centre-back was completely unmarked, poor defending by Partey, who was supposed to be picking him up.,1

GOOOAAALLL! Villarreal take the lead after just five minutes, it’s 1-0! It comes after Chukwueze does brilliantly down the right wing, taking on Xhaka and he races into the box and tries to trick his way through, but can’t quite find the gap, with the Arsenal defence nicking it off his toes. However, it falls perfectly to Trigueros who drills it into the bottom left corner of the net from a tight angle. What a start by the hosts!,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! EL GHAZI FIRES HOME THE PENALTY!!!! 3-0!!! The winger notches his second of the game with a fine strike from 12 yards. He goes high and powers his effort down the middle of the goal. Villa have surely wrapped up the three points now.,1

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TRAORE PICKS HIS SPOT!!!! 2-0 VILLA!!!! Villa finally have their second goal as Traore bursts forward and places his strike into the bottom-left corner. The winger collects an offload from Grealish and charges towards the edge of the box. He cuts back at the right time on his left foot and picks out the corner with a sublime finish.,1

OFF! Livermore is given his marching orders on review for his challenge on Grealish. His tackle was high and reckless on the Villa skipper. The referee changes his mind after initially giving a yellow card and brandishes the red.,3

GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! EL GHAZI CONVERTS AT THE BACK POST!!! 1-0!!! Villa take the lead out of nowhere as the winger finishes a precise cross from Traore. Traore runs down the right flank before cutting inside on his left foot. He arcs a dangerous cross to the back post where El Ghazi pounces behind Furlong and steers his strike into the back of the net.,1

Castillejo is booked for entering the field of play to celebrate that goal by the way, but Milan don't care!,2

GOAL! 3-2 MILAN! Rebic wins it for Milan! The Croatian bears down on the box and bobbles a left-footed shot back across goal. It beats Musso and San Siro goes wild! ,1

GOAL! 2-2 UDINESE! Out of nothing, the visitors have pulled this level! Lasagna cleverly pulls away from Conti and arcs a header into the net!,1

Ibrahimovic sees yellow for arriving late on Becao. He's been bullying Udinese's defenders with his physical presence all game.,2

Milan substitution. Castillejo's game is over. He's played a key part in this turnaround for Milan. Krunic comes on for him.,0

GOAL! 2-1 MILAN! It's a stunning strike by Hernandez! Udinese nod the corner out to the edge of the box. It lands to Hernandez who smashes it first-time into the bottom right corner! The home side have turned this around!,1

GOAL! 1-1 MILAN! Rebic makes an instant impact two minutes after coming on! Conti plays a quick one-two to fizz a cross across the box which Rebic smashes in!,1

Bennacer finds his name in the book as Fofana races away from him and he elects to bring the Ivorian down.,2

This game's starting to get a bit ill-tempered. Sema is booked for knocking the heel of Castillejo. Milan have a free-kick from their right.,2

GOAL! 1-0 UDINESE! The visitors take the lead! Lasagna latches onto a ball over the top and Donnarumma rashly races out of his box to take him out. Stryger Larsen spots the opening and fires home from near the touchline!,1

Sarri freshens things up in the middle of the field by bringing on Kovacic for Barkley. Chelsea have two minutes, plus added time, to see through.,0

Emerson is brought on for the second match running, taking over from Willian for the final eight minutes - a more advanced position than the full-back is accustomed to.,0

Hodgson makes his second change of the match, bringing on Meyer - a regular in recent weeks after forcing his way into the side - for the more defensive Kouyate.,0

After a short stoppage, Giroud is replaced by Morata. Not sure if that was a change Sarri wanted to make, but his hand was forced somewhat as Giroud was injured by the challenge from Tomkins.,0

Wickham, who now appears to be over his injury nightmare, comes on for Schlupp with just over 20 minutes to go.,0

GOOOAAALLL!!! PALACE 0-1 CHELSEA! The visitors finally find a way through at Selhurst Park. Kante, who can no longer be described as an unlikely goalscorer, chests down David Luiz's deep pass and tucks the ball past Guaita. Van Aanholt may have blocked Guaita's vision, as the goalkeeper got a touch to the ball but could not stop it from trickling over the line.,1

Alonso is furious with the quality of the pass from David Luiz, which bounces over his head and out of play. The full-back punches the ball into the ground in a sign of frustration and is shown the game's first yellow card as a result.,2

Another double change for West Ham now, and both players are being handed Premier League debuts. Coventry is first to come on in place of Fornals.,0

City are making a double change here, and Haaland won't have the chance to get a hat-trick as he's replaced by Alvarez.,0

HAALAND SCORES AGAIN! The move starts deep in City's half, with Rodri picking out De Bruyne in space down the right. He slides it between West Ham's defenders, putting it on a plate for Haaland, and he keeps his cool to slot it under Haaland and into the back of the net. 2-0 City!,1

West Ham are making a double change as they look to get themselves back into this game. Antonio is the first to go off, with Scamacca coming on to make his Premier League debut.,0

It was a late challenge from Cancelo on Bowen as he tried to make up for a loose touch, and he's the first player to go into the book.,2

HAALAND SCORES! He steps up to take the penalty that he won, and it's a great spot-kick! He sends Areola the wrong way, curling a low shot along the floor and into the bottom left corner of the net. 1-0 City!,1

Fabianski is still feeling the effects of that earlier collision with Haaland, and he signals to the bench that he can't carry on. Areola is brought on to replace him.,0

Nunez has run himself into the ground here and is coming off. Gakpo replaces him for the final 14 minutes plus stoppage time.,0

Wow. De Bruyne is the other player to be taken off, and he's not happy about it, giving Guardiola an earful as he makes his way to the dugout. Kovacic is on for the Belgian.,0

Salah gets a great reception as he takes the place of Szoboszlai, which will mean a change of position for Elliott as he shifts from the right wing to a midfield role.,0

Moments after Diaz's loose touch prevents him from breaking through on goal, Silva goes into the book for another heavy challenge . There's not a moment to breathe here!,2

Ederson looked to have hurt his ankle in the act of conceding the penalty, and he's not been able to shrug that knock off. Ortega takes his place between the sticks. What a torrid start to the second half for the champions.,0

GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! IT'S 1-1 AT ANFIELD! Mac Allister fires his spot-kick to Ederson's right, and though the goalkeeper gets a hand to it, he can't keep it out! Game on!,1

Ederson is booked for his challenge, and what's more, he seems to have come off worse as he receives treatment from the City medical staff.,2

Rodri picks up the first yellow card of the game, chopping Mac Allister down as the Argentine jinks his way between challenges inside the City half. Liverpool will have a free-kick 30 yards out, with the half-time whistle imminent.,2

GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! STONES PUTS CITY AHEAD! What a set-piece routine that is! De Bruyne whips a low cross towards the front post, where Ake cleverly blocks Mac Allister to allow Stones to ghost into the six-yard box and prod the ball past Kelleher! 1-0 to the champions!,1

GOOOOAAALL! Hoffenheim have completed the comeback and that is a HUGE goal for the Bundesliga side. Morel’s foul proves costly as Joelinton flicks on a free-kick to the back post, where Kaderabek is lurking to side-foot in an equaliser. 2-2. How have Lyon let this slip?,1

The Lyon substitutions keep on coming. The very impressive NDombele is the one making way this time. Cheikh takes his place.,0

Hoffenheim captain Vogt body-checks Fekir as the Lyon captain tries to play a one-two. It's a free-kick in a dangerous position for Depay to deliver.,2

GOOOOAL! Hoffenheim have one back completely against the run of play. Kramaric scuffs a shot from outside the area that finds the bottom-left corner. Lopes wrong-footed himself when the Croatian took aim and now it’s 2-1…,1

Fekir glides past Nuhu far too easily and it proves to be Nuhu's second yellow. It's been a nightmare debut in the competition for the Ghanaian.,3

GOOOAALL! NDombele makes it 2-0 with a huge slice of luck. The midfielder side-foots a cutback into Vogt and past Baumann. It’s been a close match but Lyon have had that cutting edge – and fortune.,1

GOOOOOAAAALLL! Fekir is back in the Champions League and now on the scoresheet. Lyon had so many chances to score before their captain did. First, Mendy smacked the post before NDombele had two attempts on the rebound. Fekir finally bundled it in soon after, despite Baumann’s best efforts. 1-0.,1

Nuhu goes into the book on his Champions League debut, after the defender stopped Fekir wheeling away on the turn.,2

Denayer receives an early yellow for tugging on Joelinton's shirt. That's a battle of two giants to keep an eye on.,2

Kovacic is shown a yellow card for dissent now, after a sturdy Wolves tackle goes unpunished beyond a free-kick.,2

Sterling is the latest player to go into the book, with the Chelsea winger handed a yellow card after he comes in with a heavy foul.,2

Lemina trims Felix with a late challenge and the Chelsea man gives it the full hysterics. That will be a booking for the Wolves player.,2

GOAL! WOLVES SEIZE THE LEAD! 1-0! Nunes has just scored a sensational volley! The hosts work their way across the box, see their delivery headed as far as the Portugal man and he has his first club goal with a rocket of a right-footer into the far side of the net!,1

ATALANTA EQUALISE! 1-1! That had been coming, but eventually, the goal arrives in scruffy fashion. Ililic teases Bastoni on the right flank before clipping in a cross that takes two heavy deflections, causing it to drift to the back post where an unmarked Gosens nudges a faint volley into the bottom corner past a helpless Handanovic!,1

INTER OPEN THE SCORING! 1-0! Lukaku and Martinez play a smart one-two on the edge of the area, before Martinez jinks past Toloi which puts him clean through on goal where he simply lashes a shot straight through the despairing Gollini and into the back of the net! ,1

KVARA-DONA SAVES NAPOLI! Kvaratskhelia pulls a moment of magic out of the bag to put the Serie A champions 2-1 up late on! He picks the ball up from Mazzocchi on the left, then moves menacingly towards the edge of the area, before unleashing an unstoppable shot into the top-right corner! Even the excellent Montipo had no chance!,1

Napoli also make late changes: first, Lobotka is replaced by Aston Villa loanee Dendoncker in midfield.,0

As Verona look to break forward, Lobotka commits a clear shoulder-barge on Lazovic and is shown a yellow card.,2

NAPOLI TRAIL 1-0! Having taken more risks during this second half, Verona are finally rewarded! The Gialloblu take the lead at Stadio Maradona, as Coppola rises highest to steer home a close-range header from Suslov's left-wing free-kick! Again, the champions are caught flat-footed from a set-piece, and they are heading for another home defeat!,1

Having been dispossessed inside his own half, Lindstrom then decides to haul Duda back by the arm. That results in an automatic yellow card for the substitute.,2

Napoli's third substitution sees Cajuste replaced by ex-Verona forward Ngonge - can he score against his former club?,0

Mazzarri now responds with his second substitution of the game: Lindstrom comes on for fellow winger Politano.,0

Mazzocchi makes an immediate impact, as the substitute slips by Suslov on the left touchline and draws a foul. Suslov sees yellow, and Napoli have a free-kick.,2

Shortly after being booked, Mario Rui is withdrawn by Mazzarri, who can't be happy with how Napoli have started this half. Mazzocchi - who was red-carded on his club debut last month - will replace the Portuguese left-back.,0

After just catching Cajuste in a 50-50 midfield challenge, Coppola is perhaps harshly shown the game's first yellow card.,2

Gilardino goes for broke, replacing wing-back Sabelli with another forward, Ekuban. Will a four-man front line pay off?,0

A rare blank for Martinez: the Nerazzurri's main marksman departs without scoring, as Arnautovic arrives for a late cameo.,0

The home side are being forced further back now, so more fresh legs are required in defence. Bisseck replaces Pavard.,0

Having toppled over too easily, trying to buy a penalty at the expense of Vasquez, Inter captain Martinez is booked for simulation.,2

Acerbi is also introduced, with Dimarco the man to make way. That should see Carlos Augusto move to wing-back.,0

Inzaghi responds with two changes of his own: first, Sanchez makes way for Thuram, who will reunite with Martinez up front.,0

With his team perhaps needing fresh legs, Gilardino sends on two substitutes: first, Spence replaces Martin on the left wing.,0

Genoa goalscorer Vasquez continues his eventful shift at San Siro, as he becomes the latest man to see yellow.,2

GOAL! GENOA HALF THE DEFICIT! Game on! After De Vrij's clearing header falls short, Vasquez arrives at speed on the edge of Inter's area and unleashes a brilliant volleyed finish into the bottom-right corner! Sommer could only watch it nestle in the net! It's now Inter 2-1 Genoa, which should make for an absorbing conclusion to this game.,1

Shortly after his introduction from the bench, Strootman is booked. For badly mistiming his challenge on Martinez, the Dutchman deservedly sees yellow.,2

Both teams have made on change at the break, and Inter's sees Dumfries - who was booked during the first half - replaced on the right flank by Darmian.,0

Frendrup was also yellow-carded - and conceded a penalty - so Strootman replaces him in Genoa's midfield.,0

SANCHEZ STRIKES FROM THE SPOT! Inter have complete control now! Keeping his cool from 12 yards, the veteran striker sends Martinez the wrong way, placing his well-struck penalty into the right side of the net - that's his first Serie A strike for two years! The Nerazzurri truly are ruthless this season!,1

INTER IN FRONT! The league leaders go 1-0 up! Bursting through from midfield, Asllani picks up Sanchez's low pass and fires confidently past Martinez into the roof of the net! There was no stopping that! Normal service is resumed, as Inter score their 68th Serie A goal of the season!,1

Rather harshly, the referee produces another yellow card, as Dumfries clumsily catches Martin in midfield. Inter's Dutch wing-back was caught out by his opponent's speed.,2

For a reckless lunge on Barella in midfield, Frendrup receives the game's first yellow card. He can have no complaints.,2

GOAL!! BRIGHTON HAVE SCORED! Dunk drills a low free-kick into the bottom-left corner with Adrian rooted to the spot! Liverpool players appeal as they weren't ready before the set-piece was taken, but the goal stands! It's now 2-1!,1

RED CARD! Alisson charges out of his box to deal with a long ball over the top by Webster and palms Trossard's dinked shot away! He's off!,3

GOAL!! VAN DIJK SCORES AGAIN! More poor marking - this time from Dunk - as Alexander-Arnold's corner delivery finds the centre-back, who powers home his second headed goal of the game! It's 2-0!,1

GOAL!! VAN DIJK GIVES LIVERPOOL THE LEAD! Alexander-Arnold whips a free-kick into the box and Webster is caught under it, allowing Van Dijk a free header, which he loops into the net! It's 1-0 to Liverpool!,1

Tuchel makes a defensive change with his final substitution as Kimpembe comes on to replace Di Maria. ,0

MBAPPE PUTS PSG AHEAD! He gets on the end of Alves' pass near the penalty spot and takes the shot on the volley and his effort loops over the top of the goalkeeper and into the top corner of the net. 1-0 PSG!,1

It's an odd change for Atletico as Simeone is bringing on the defender Felipe to play up front as he replaces Koke.,0

LEIPZIG ARE AHEAD AGAIN! Adams is in a lot of space just outside the box and he takes a touch before firing his shot low towards goal. It takes a big deflection off Savic which takes it past Oblak, who is already diving, and into the net. 2-1 Leipzig! ,1

JOAO FELIX EQUALISES! He steps up to take the penalty he won and confidently fires his shot into the bottom-left corner. The goalkeeper goes the right way, but he can't get a hand to the powerful shot. 1-1! ,1

Upamecano pulls out of his challenge on Lodi who still goes to ground and the referee shows him a yellow card for diving.,2

Simeone makes the first change of the game and it's an attacking one as Joao Felix comes on for Herrera.,0

LEIPZIG LEAD! It's brilliant from Leipzig as they switch play from left to right. The cross comes in for Olmo who's unmarked in the middle and he heads it across goal, past Oblak and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Leipzig! ,1

Xhaka quickly joins Silva in the book, after receiving a yellow card for a late challenge on Sterling near the halfway line.     ,2

STERLING! 1-0! City's early pressure pays off as Mahrez scoops in a deft cross, inviting the unmarked Sterling to steer an accurate header across Leno and into the top corner!,1

GOALLL!!! IWOBI! 1-0. Have Everton won it at the death? Coleman rips possession away from Saint-Maximin to kick-start a counter. It comes to Calvert-Lewin on the edge of the box and the attacker slips in Iwobi who lashes a low 15-yard strike across goal and into the bottom corner! The home fans have been sent into raptures!,1

RED CARD! Allan is initially shown a yellow card for a vicious challenge on Saint-Maximin. However, a VAR check overturns the decision and a red card is shown. Allan is furious with the officials, but he had no reason to complain - it was a deserved red.,3

Gray makes way for Calvert-Lewin. Everton will be hoping that their top scorer from last year can rediscover his form as soon as possible.,0

GOAL! 4-0! Azpilicueta coasts down the right-hand side, stands up a cross to the centre of the area, where Havertz towers above Davis to head into the bottom left corner past Halstead.,1

Gibson is the first name in England's book for chopping at the back of Hudson-Odoi's heels, after he had already released the ball.,2

GOALL! 3-0! Hudson-Odoi makes it three as he blasts past Halstead with his right foot inside the area. The goalkeeper gets a hand to it but is powerless to stopping it going in. Initially, Ziyech chipped a perfect pass over the top to find the English forward, who did the rest with a cool finish to add a third for the hosts.,1

GOALLL!! 2-0! Ziyech’s cross finds Havertz, who unselfishly heads back across goal for Werner to score with the simplest of tap-ins inside the six-yard area. Morecambe stand with their hands in the air appealing for offside but the assistant disagrees before VAR confirms Havertz was kept onside by Cooney at the far post.,1

GOALLLL!! 1-0 CHELSEA! Mount receives possession 25 yards from goal, no one comes to close him down and he drills a right-footed effort into the bottom left corner from range. Halstead is unsighted and can only watch it whistle past him into the back of the net.,1

Perin takes his time with a goal-kick and is shown a late yellow card for time wasting. Just two minutes left for Torino to score an equaliser.,2

The yellow card is out once again after an attempted Juventus attack comes to an end, and it's Ansaldi who finds himself on the receiving end for a reckless challenge on Pjanic.,2

There was a bit of a coming together between Ronaldo and Ichazo in the aftermath, with the Portuguese barging into the goalkeeper on purpose. After the situation calms down, the referee shows him a yellow card.,2

GOAL! Ichazo manages to get a hand on Ronaldo's strike but can't keep it out, and the Portuguese is able to make it 1-0 to Juventus.,1

Can is the latest player to go in the referee's book, and it's for another foul on Belotti as he sprinted through the middle of the pitch. Will they be able to make this free-kick count?,2

Belotti charges towards the Juventus penalty area and is brought down from behind by Pjanic, resulting in a free-kick for Torino and a yellow card for the Bosnian. This is in a really good position 25 yards away from goal...,2

Zaza flies into the back of Sandro and catches the Brazilian with a reckless sliding challenge, leaving the referee with no choice but to show him the first yellow card of the game.,2

Ichazo comes on to take the place of Sirigu and make his first Serie A appearance since January 2016.,0

Hakimi desperately takes down Kimmich in midfield and is shown a late yellow card, compounding a frustrating match, tie, and overall European campaign for Paris Saint-Germain.,2

GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! The quarter-finals, signed, sealed and delivered!! PSG throw numbers forward but Bayern win possession back, and Cancelo makes a break down the right. He links up with his fellow substitute Gnabry via a fantastic throughball, and Gnabry dinks the ball over Donnarumma to find the back of the net! What an impact made late on by the pair, and that 2-0 scoreline gives Bayern a 3-0 threshold on aggregate!,1

Muller is also withdrawn, and Joao Cancelo will see out the last few minutes as Bayern look to keep PSG at arm's length.,0

Coman hasn't had the impact he did in the first leg, but has still be crucial to Bayern maintaining control of this tie, and the Frenchman comes off late for Serge Gnabry.,0

The ever-impressive Musiala is latest off for Bayern, as the hosts bring Sadio Mane on for a late cameo.,0

PSG make more late changes to reinforce their attack, and Vitinha is the latest brought off, for Hugo Ekitike.,0

Ruiz is withdrawn in PSG's latest substitution, and teenage playmaker Warren Zaire-Emery, who started the first leg at the Parc des Princes and actually turns 17-year-old today, replaces him!,0

The goalscorer Choupo-Moting comes off having more than played his part for Bayern, and Leroy Sane takes his place to add even more pace to this dynamic Bavarian frontline.,0

GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! They won't be denied this time!!! Bayern's relentless pressing forces a rushed pass out of defence from Bitshiabu to Verratti, who is easily dispossessed by the double act of Muller and Goretzka. The latter comes up with the ball and squares to Choupo-Moting, who slots the opening goal home to double Bayern's advantage on aggregate! 1-0 on the night, and 2-0 overall, and it's going to take something special for PSG to claw their way back from here!,1

