INSIGHTSPre Match1Blackpool have won just two of their last 15 league games against Sheffield United (D6 L7), although they are unbeaten in four against the Blades (W1 D3).
2Sheffield United have failed to score in their last three away league games against Blackpool, though their last two visits have both ended 0-0INSIGHTSPre Match1Elche have not won any of their seven matches against Villarreal in LaLiga (D4 L3) - against no side have they played more games without ever winning in the competition.
2Villarreal could record consecutive away wins for the first time this season in LaLigaINSIGHTSPost Match1Bordeaux and Marseille have drawn 41 times in Ligue 1, the highest tally between two teams in the history of the championship.
2Marseille are unbeaten in their last eight Ligue 1 home games, best run among teams currently in the top-flightINSIGHTSPre Match1Marseille have won four of their last seven Ligue 1 games against Bordeaux (D2 L1), after winning only three of their previous 17 (D11 L3).
2Marseille have won each of their last four home games against Bordeaux in Ligue 1, only winning consecutively against Troyes (5) among all sides currently in the top-flightINSIGHTSPre Match1Borussia Mönchengladbach have not won any of their last 15 Bundesliga games against VfL Bochum (D7 L8) since a 2-1 win in September 1997 - only against Bayer Leverkusen did the Fohlen have a longer winless streak (26 games) in the top-flight from 1994 to 2010.
VfL have never been unbeaten against any other team in their Bundesliga history for as long as they are currently against BorussiaINSIGHTSPost Match1Arsenal have scored 10 Premier League goals this season courtesy of substitutes, more than any other team.
2Fulham manager Claudio Ranieri has never won a Premier League match against Arsenal in 11 attempts (D4 L7) and has a worse points-per-game ratio against the Gunners (0COMMENTARYPost MatchThree points for Arsenal, who start 2019 with a victory.
Xhaka's first-half goal was added to 10 minutes after the restart by Lacazette, although Kamara gave Fulham a chance of a revivalCOMMENTARY90+1'Guendouzi lunges into a sliding tackle on Fosu-Mensah but misses the ball and sustains a problem, requiring some attention from the medical team.
COMMENTARY82'SAVE! Arsenal would be much further ahead if it was not for Rico and he makes another fine save, this time denying Aubameyang after he attempted to flick an effort over the top of the keeper.
COMMENTARY65'Lacazette still looks dizzy after being caught by Seri's arm but he is able to continue.
COMMENTARY64'Lacazette is down in a heap inside the box after a coming together with Seri and requires treatment, although the referee was not interested with his appeals for a penalty.
COMMENTARY57'SAVE! Arsenal are working their way through the gears and Xhaka's long ball forward is taken down well by Lacazette but he is denied a second goal by Rico.
Arsenal's Alexandre Lacazette celebrates scoring their second goal with team matesCOMMENTARY42'SAVE! Arsenal are in full swing now! Lacazette shows superb strength and determination to skip through the Fulham defence but he is thwarted by Rico, who makes a good stop to keep out his driven effort.
COMMENTARY40'WIDE! Fine work from Iwobi again as he creates space for himself on the left before floating a cross towards the near post, where Aubameyang nods an effort off target.
Much, much better from the GunnersCOMMENTARY34'BIG BLOCK! Superb Arsenal play creates a huge opportunity as Kolasinac beats the offside trap to latch onto Iwobi's backheel inside the box and pokes an effort back into the middle to Xhaka.
However, Ream is alert and makes an important blockCOMMENTARY32'SAVE! Cairney loops a cross into the six-yard box where Mitrovic soared above the head of the Arsenal defenders but his attempt lacked power, with Leno on hand to collect possession on the line.
COMMENTARY15'WIDE! Alarm bells ringing for Arsenal as Sessegnon breaks past the defence to latch onto a through ball but directs his effort wide of the mark.
A huge opportunity for FulhamArsenal's Shkodran Mustafi in action with Fulham's Andre SchurrleArsenal's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in action with Fulham's Denis OdoiINSIGHTSPre Match1Arsenal have never previously lost at home to Fulham in any competition, winning 23 and drawing five of their 28 home matches against the Cottagers prior to this match.
2Fulham’s only league victory over Arsenal in their last 12 such encounters was in January 2012 (W1 D4 L7), a 2-1 win at Craven Cottage under Martin JolCOMMENTARYPre MatchEmery makes three changes to the side that was thrashed by Liverpool on Saturday, bringing in Guendouzi, Koscielny and Lacazette.
Ramsey, amidst widespread speculation he will join Juventus when his contract with Arsenal expires at the end of the season, drops to the bench along with Torreira and LichtsteinerINSIGHTSPost Match1Aston Villa have recorded a Premier League double over Arsenal for the third time, after the 1992-93 and 2020-21 seasons.
The Gunners have only lost more league games under Mikel Arteta against Manchester City (7) than the Villans (5)COMMENTARYPost MatchAston Villa secure a crucial 2-0 victory over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium, denting the Gunners' Premier League title hopes.
The North Londoners created 1Arsenal's Jorginho looks dejected after Aston Villa's Leon Bailey scores their first goalCOMMENTARY66'Odegaard has gone to ground after Carlos attempted an acrobatic shot, but he struck the Arsenal midfielder.
The medical team have entered the pitch and he's receiving treatmentCOMMENTARY63'Villa go close! Emery's side have a corner and it's delivered into the box, but it's headed away.
Zinchenko looks to dribble it out of danger but Tielemans dispossesses him, and he sends a curling effort towards goal, but it hits the bar and post and somehow doesn't find its way into the back of the net!
Arsenal's Bukayo Saka in action with Aston Villa's Youri Tielemans and Nicolo ZanioloCOMMENTARYHalf-timeArsenal and Aston Villa go into the break at 0-0 at the Emirates Stadium.
Both sides have had plenty of chances to open the scoring in the opening 45 minutes, but a mix of wayward finishing and superb goalkeeping keeps the game levelCOMMENTARY41'What a save! It's end-to-end stuff at the Emirates.
Odegaard's strike from the edge of the box falls to Jesus unmarked inside the penalty area, and he tries to find Trossard in the six-yard boxCOMMENTARY40'So close! Gabriel makes an error at the back as he fires a pass straight into the back of Zinchenko, and it falls into the path of Watkins.
He drives towards the penalty area and gets one-on-one with Gabriel before striking low and hard towards goal, but his effort cannons off the inside of the post!
COMMENTARY18'Big chance for Arsenal! Rice picks out Odegaard who spreads the play, finding Saka on the right-hand side.
He looks to deliver into the box and Jesus is unmarked at the back postAston Villa's Ollie Watkins during the warm up before the matchINSIGHTSPre Match1Arsenal have won five of their last six home Premier League games against Aston Villa, losing the other 3-0 in November 2020.
2Following their 1-0 win against them at Villa Park in December, Aston Villa are looking to complete just their third Premier League double over Arsenal, previously doing so in 1992-93 and 2020-21COMMENTARYPre MatchMeanwhile, Emery has made two alterations from Villa's 2-1 victory over Lille in the Europa Conference League on Thursday.
Douglas Luiz will miss the game due to suspension, so Zaniolo comes into the starting XICOMMENTARYPre MatchArteta has made three changes from Arsenal's 2-2 draw with Bayern Munich in the Champions League earlier in the week.
At left-back, Kiwior will drop to the bench, with Zinchenko taking his placeINSIGHTSPre Match1Arminia Bielefeld haven’t won any of their last eight Bundesliga games against Borussia Mönchengladbach (D6, L2) – they have only ever endured four longer winless runs against sides in the Bundesliga.
2Arminia have only scored one goal in their last eight Bundesliga matches against Gladbach (1-1 in April 2009)INSIGHTSPost Match1Rennes have picked up 52 points and have scored 63 goals after 29 Ligue 1 games in 2021/22, the highest tallies in their history at this stage of the competition.
2Rennes have won each of their last five Ligue 1 games, the longest current streak in the top-flight and the longest for Rennes since December 2019 (also 5)NO GOAL17'No goal! After a VAR review, a goal for Rennes is ruled out.
INSIGHTSPre Match1Rennes have lost just one of their last 18 matches against Metz in Ligue 1 (W10 D7), in April 2018 (1-2).
SRFC remain on a run of four wins against Les Grenats in the top-flightINSIGHTSPost Match1Manchester City have won 22 consecutive home matches in all competitions, the second-longest run in history by an English top-flight side, behind a 24-game streak by Sunderland between December 1890 and April 1892 (including a replayed win).
2Bournemouth have won none of their 19 league games against Manchester City (D2 L17), the most any side has ever faced another without winning in English Football League historyCOMMENTARYPost MatchCity go top of the Premier League with a brilliant 6-1 win over Bournemouth.
Doku was the star of the show, having a hand in five of City's six goals todayCOMMENTARY90+8'SAVE! City almost make a grandstand finish as Lewis slides a wonderful pass through Bournemouth's backline to pick out Kovacic's run.
He gets it caught under his feet but still manages to get a shot away, only to fire it straight at RaduManchester City's Nathan Ake scores their sixth goal past AFC Bournemouth's Andrei RaduManchester City's Bernardo Silva scores their fifth goal past AFC Bournemouth's Andrei RaduCOMMENTARY76'VAR is just checking to make sure that Sinisterra didn't stray offside.
It wasn't as tight a call as it originally looked, as Ake, who was stretching to block Aarons' cross, was playing him onCOMMENTARY61'OFF THE BAR! Bournemouth work it quickly upfield once more, and it's pulled back to Solanke in the middle of the box.
He has time to take a touch before firing a shot towards the top cornerCOMMENTARY58'CHANCE! Doku dances into the box once more, but Senesi slides in to put it out for another corner.
City take it short once more, and it's squeezed through to Kovacic, who blazes his shot just over the barAFC Bournemouth's Illya Zabarnyi in action with Manchester City's Jeremy DokuCOMMENTARY48'There was quite a long check on the offside to make sure the linesman's decision was right.
Christie was clearly offside, and once the lines are drawn, it's confirmedCOMMENTARY47'NO GOAL! What a start that would've been to the second half! Aarons drives down the right before sliding it through to Christie.
He gets a yard on Stones to square it the near post from the byline, and Solanke turns it in from very close range, but the flag is up against the ScotsmanCOMMENTARYHalf-timeDoku stars in the first half as three goals in seven minutes give City a 3-0 lead over Bournemouth at the break.
The Cherries stood their ground well for the opening 25 minutes, comfortably dealing with the threat posed against them, but an inspired performance from Doku turned things aroundCOMMENTARY45+3'BLOCK! It's a superb turn by Alvarez to lose Mepham, and it cuts the midfield wide open.
He plays a reverse pass into the box for Haaland, who does well to brush off Kelly, but Zabarnyi slides in to block his shotCOMMENTARY43'Scott stayed down after the coming together with Rodri, and he requires treatment on his ankle.
He's moving gingerly when he gets back to his feet, and it's not looking good for the youngsterCOMMENTARY41'CHANCE! It's much better from Bournemouth as they catch City out with a quick break, but Scott kicks through Rodri when the Spaniard cuts the cross out.
Christie gets a second chance to clip it in, but Solanke's header loops straight to EdersonManchester City's Bernardo Silva celebrates scoring their second goalCOMMENTARY28'CLOSE! Another corner is played short by City and Silva finds himself in a pocket of space on the edge of the D.
He whips a shot towards the top left corner that has Radu stretching, but it flies just wideCOMMENTARY25'BLOCK! Kovacic's attempted throughball is actually blocked by Zabarnyi, but Haaland is alert to pounce on the rebound.
He gets it out of his feet before firing a shot on goal, but Kelly throws himself in front of itCOMMENTARY22'OFF THE POST! Silva checks back twice, but just can't open up space for a shot so he tees up Alvarez for a cross.
He clips it into the far post and Haaland heads it down against Kelly which helps it onto the woodworkCOMMENTARY18'CHANCE! Kovacic cuts out another attempted attack by Bournemouth before weaving his way through midfield.
He lays it off to Haaland who picks out Rodri, but he curls his long-range shot well wide of the far postAFC Bournemouth's Dominic Solanke in action with Manchester City's Manuel AkanjiCOMMENTARY14'SAVE! Silva has three defenders in front of him, but he squeezes a pass through to Alvarez before continuing his run, drawing Bournemouth players to him.
It opens space for Rodri on the edge of the box, but his low shot is held by RaduCOMMENTARY10'CHANCE! To nobody's surprise, City are dominating the ball, with 83 per cent possession in the first 10 minutes.
Their hard work results in a corner which is pulled back to Silva just outside the box, but he fires over the barINSIGHTSPre Match1Manchester City have won all 12 of their Premier League games against Bournemouth, the best 100% record any team has against another in English top-flight history.
2Bournemouth have won none of their 18 league games against Man City (D2 L16), the most any side has ever faced another without winning in English Football League historyCOMMENTARYPre MatchIraola makes just three changes from their EFL Cup defeat to Liverpool in midweek and switches to a back five here.
Aarons, Kelly and Tavernier are all brought inCOMMENTARYPre MatchPep Guardiola makes four changes to the side that beat United last Sunday.
Akanji returns from suspension to start, with Ake, Kovacic and Doku also coming into the teamINSIGHTSPost Match1Troyes have won their first match against a team ranked in the Top 3 before the start of the matchday in Ligue 1 since 21 October 2012 against Marseille (1-0), the end of a 16-match drought (D3 L13).
2Nice have lost two of their last four Ligue 1 games (W2) after not losing any of the previous six (W4 D2)INSIGHTSPre Match1Troyes have won only once in their last seven Ligue 1 games against Nice (D2 L4), with that victory coming on 11th August 2017 (2-1).
2Nice are unbeaten in their last 10 encounters with promoted sides in Ligue 1 (W5 D5), with their last defeat coming on 11th August 2018 against Reims (0-1)COMMENTARYPost MatchPSG book their place in the final of the Coupe de France, with a 5-1 victory over Lyon, with Mbappe bagging a hat-trick for the visitors.
It was 1-1 at the break, with Terrier scoring for Lyon and Mbappe equalising just four minutes laterCOMMENTARY78'Stoppage in play here as Kurzawa and Terrier are both down receiving some treatment, after a heavy challenge in the PSG defensive third.
However, both players look fine to continueCOMMENTARY63'There has been a VAR check on the penalty and red card decisions, with the Lyon players surrounding the referee.
However, both decisions stand and now Neymar has the chance to put PSG aheadCOMMENTARY61'PSG PENALTY! The visitors have the chance to go 2-1 ahead from the penalty spot after Marcal handles the ball in the box.
Neymar whips a cross into the box, which Cavani chests down and then the ball bounces up and strikes the outstretched arm of the left-backCOMMENTARY57'CHANCE! Dembele with a spectacular overhead effort at goal! Lyon deliver a free-kick into the box, which is headed away to Dembele on the edge of the box and the striker goes for goal with a superb bicycle kick.
However, it flies just over the PSG crossbarCOMMENTARY53'CHANCE! Huge opportunity for Lyon to take the lead! Dubois gets foward down the right wing and he should square the ball to his team-mates waiting in the box, but instead he goes for goal himself, skipping past Kurzawa and then drilling a shot at goal.
However, he misses the target from a tight angleCOMMENTARYHalf-timeIt's 1-1 at the break between Lyon and PSG in the Coupe de France, but there have been numerous chances for both teams to score more.
Terrier opened up the scoring for the hosts after 11 minutes, but it took the visitors just four minutes to equalise, with Mbappe poking home Kurzawa's headerCOMMENTARY43'OFF THE POST! Cavani strikes the woodwork! PSG break forward quickly and Neymar finds Cavani completely unmarked in the box, the striker fires a first-time shot towards goal.
It looks to be heading into the back of the net, with Lopes nowhere near itCOMMENTARY40'Stoppage in play here as Guimaraes is down with an injury.
The medical team are on the pitch, but he looks like he will be fine to continueCOMMENTARY36'GOAL RULED OUT! Cavani has the ball in the back of the net for PSG but it's ruled out for offside! Lyon fail to deal with a corner into the box and Paredes fires a low shot at goal, which flies straight to Cavani, who controls it and then fires it past Lopes and into the back of the net.
However, the striker was slow to push out and is caught well offsideCOMMENTARY31'CHANCE! Huge opportunity for Terrier to put Lyon ahead, but he is denied by Navas! Denayer plays a lovely ball to Dembele, who dummies it and it flies straight through to Terrier, who races through on goal and only has Navas to beat, but the keeper makes himself big and makes a great stop with his feet.
It should be 2-1COMMENTARY16'Kurzawa has had to leave the pitch following the goal, after he clashes heads with a Lyon defender as he headed the ball.
The left-back is getting looked at on the sidelines and should be fine to continueCOMMENTARY8'CLOSE! Dubois gets forward down the right wing, he cuts inside and the PSG defence are slow to react to the danger, so the right-back tries to curl the ball into the top left-hand corner of the net, but it flies just wide of the post.
COMMENTARY6'SAVE! Neymar with a dipping effort at goal from the edge of the box, which looks like it is heading into the top left-hand corner of the net, but Lopes makes a terrific diving save to push it over the bar and out of play.
COMMENTARYPre MatchNeymar returns to the PSG starting XI, after being suspended for their Ligue 1 game at the weekend, and he replaces Di Maria.
There are three other changes, with Meunier, Kehrer and Kurzawa coming into the side and they have replaced Kouassi, Kimpembe and BernatCOMMENTARYPre MatchLyon have made just one change to their side that beat Marseille at the weekend, with Ekambi coming into the starting line-up, he replaces Traore, who drops to the bench.
INSIGHTSPost Match1Mike Maignan has provided at least one assist in each of the last three Serie A seasons.
Since 2004/05 he is the goalkeeper who counts more assists in the competitionCOMMENTARYPost MatchMilan make it back-to-back wins in Serie A for the first time since the beginning of October with a convincing 3-1 win over Frosinone at San Siro.
A gilt-edged chance missed by Cuni at one end led to a goal at the other through Jovic, just ahead of first-half injury time after an evenly contested opening period which ended with Milan ahead by oneAC Milan's Christian Pulisic celebrates scoring their second goalCOMMENTARYHalf-timeA first half of the narrowest margins comes to a close at San Siro, with Milan ahead by a goal to nil.
Despite being behind, it was Frosinone who started the better of the two sides, controlling possession and forcing a makeshift Rossoneri defence chase and mark in tight areas around the penalty areaFrosinone's Marco Brescianini celebrates scoring their first goal with teammatesCOMMENTARY41'CUNI’S CHIP FAILS! A terrible mistake at the back from Tomori gifts the Frosinone striker possession of the ball 30 yards from goal without a defender in the vicinity.
Looking to make his mark, Cuni carries the ball into the penalty area and draws Maignan off his line before looking to execute a chipped finishCOMMENTARY31'INCHES AWAY!
Oyono beats Chukwueze for pace and continues his run, bursting through midfield before firing a shot from 30 yards out that skips narrowly wide of Maignan’s right-hand postCOMMENTARY23'CHUKWUEZE DENIED BY A DEFLECTION! Hernandez’s latest corner is cleared away rather unconvincingly by Reinier, who presents possession to Chukwueze 30 yards from goal.
The Nigeria international takes a touch to set himself and immediately drives a low strike looking for the bottom corner, with only Okoli’s slight touch preventing Turati from being called into action!
COMMENTARY11'NERVY MOMENTS! Musah charges into the penalty area and flicks an unconvincing cross towards the near post with his weaker left foot.
The opportunity doesn’t look like leading to much, but an innocuous touch off Romagnoli’s chest almost leads to an own goal!
Wrong-footed, Turati somehow manages to force his bodyweight the other way to make the eventual saveINSIGHTSPre Match1AC Milan are unbeaten in their first four matches against Frosinone in Serie A (2 wins, 2 draws).
Out of the teams Frosinone have faced at least five times in the competition, they have only failed to secure a win against Napoli, Roma, and InterCOMMENTARYPre MatchFrosinone make a pair of alterations to the XI that beat fellow promoted side Genoa 2-1 on November 26.
Monterisi is selected to replace the injured Riccardo Marchizza at right-back, while Cuni gets the nod over Cheddira in attackCOMMENTARYPre MatchMilan make two changes to the side that beat Fiorentina 1-0 last time out.
Florenzi is in for the injured Malick Thiaw in defence, which forces Hernandez to play inside as a centre-back, while Loftus-Cheek is preferred to PobegaINSIGHTSPre Match1Preston are looking to win three consecutive home league matches against Brentford for the first time since October 1999 (four in a row).
2Brentford haven’t lost both league matches in a season against Preston since the 1988-89 seasonINSIGHTSPre Match1Nottingham Forest haven’t hosted Luton in a league game since April 2008, winning 1-0 in League One.
2Luton haven’t won an away league game against Nottingham Forest since March 1983 in the top-flight; they are winless in 11 at the City Ground since (D5 L6)INSIGHTSPre Match1Toulouse have lost only 11% of their games against Angers in Ligue 1 (1/9), their lowest rate against a current top-flight team (alongside Reims, also 1/9).
2Toulouse have won three of their four home games against Angers in Ligue 1, losing the other on 17th October 2015 (1-2)OWN GOAL!
84'Heidenheim2 - 2VfB StuttgartMarc-Oliver KempfVfB Stuttgart · Defender #4Own GoalINSIGHTSPost Match1Paris have won 77% of their Ligue 1 games (55/71) since 2018/19, only Liverpool have a better win percentage from the Top 5 European leagues over the period (82% - 65/79).
2Angers have lost their last nine Ligue 1 games against Paris, their worse run against an opponent in the top-flightCOMMENTARYPost MatchParis Saint-Germain hammer Angers 6-1 at the Parc des Princes to secure their fourth win on the bounce in Ligue 1.
Alessandro Florenzi opened the scoring with his first PSG goal before Neymar notched his first two goals of the campaignCOMMENTARY88'OVER! Neymar lines up the free-kick and strikes with power on his right foot, but he can only send his effort over the bar.
COMMENTARY83'CLOSE! Diony works an offload out wide to Cabot on the right flank and the winger sends a perfect low ball into the middle.
Cho attacks the delivery, but just cannot connect on the slide with his left footCOMMENTARY76'BLOCK! Icardi has not had the luck in front of goal tonight.
He sees another effort blocked by a vital tackle by Traore in the six-yard box after latching on to Dagba's cutback from the right flankCOMMENTARY68'WIDE! Capelle angles another cross into the PSG box where Pavlovic rises highest, but he can only send his header wide of the left post.
COMMENTARY58'WIDE! Ait Nouri makes good progess forward down the left and he feeds Thioub for a strike.
However, the forward gets his effort all wrong with his left foot, slicing it well wide of the left postCOMMENTARY49'WIDE! Neymar angles a perfect cross towards the back post for Icardi to attack, but the forward gets pushed over by his own team-mate Kimpembe.
The angles away from the Argentine and behind for a goal-kickCOMMENTARYHalf-timeParis Saint-Germain are on course of their fourth win in a row in Ligue 1, holding a 2-0 lead over Angers at the break.
